 Couldn't make it past 10%<br/><br/>CERN director, supposedly a physicist and a man of science behaves like a kid, making far going conclusios from nearly absent evidence. No scientist would ever thought like that.<br/><br/>I see a symbol — that must be illuminati. Find them! What? What do you mean illumati do not exist? But the symbols is there, so your words must be a lie!<br/><br/>And all that considering, no one ever saw an illumati insigna before, according to Dan Brown.<br/><br/>This is a disgustingly primitive and illogical book.
 As always, Dan Brown does not fail to entertain and keep the reader on the edge of their seat.  Angels and Demons, although written first, was just as exciting as the Da Vinci code.  I read this on my Kindle and I was surprised by the number of chapters - 137 - and page numbers were not synced with the paper edition. But, nevermind, the length, it was a page turner and the short chapters did make it go quickly.  I read this while on vacation and it was a great way to make a 4 hour plane ride go quickly.  It has been a while since I saw the movie, but I think that the movie script did not follow the book as closely as the Da Vinci Code did and there were some minor differences with the characters, but the overall plot was the same. If you are looking for an exciting book that makes you think, gives factual information that maybe you didn't know and thoroughly keeps you involved and entertained, then this is the book for you.
 "Angels &amp; Demons" is a very good suspense thriller set primarily in The Vatican City.  The novel is the second novel by Dan Brown, the first being "Digital Fortress".  This is the first of the "Robert Langdon" series.  It is a medium length, fast paced novel that is written in modern conversational English and is mostly an easy read.  The chapters are mostly short and the novel can be read in intervals during work breaks, etc., without losing the flow of the story.  I liked it very much.<br/><br/>Although somewhat similar in format to "Digital Fortress" this novel marks a distinct improvement and the story line is completely independent of "Digital Fortress".  There is little or no gratuitous vulgar language in this novel, another distinct improvement over "Digital Fortress".  "Angels &amp; Demons" is dedicated specifically to Dan Brown's mother and I cannot help but wonder if this elevated the author's lexicon to a level more consistent with good literature.  The first novel was dedicated to both of his parents.<br/><br/>The novel is primarily set in Vatican City and is a mystery thriller.  The story requires detective work of a more academic nature than the average violent street felony.  Although I am a retired detective and I read a good bit, I would not have been able to work though this case on my own, in the time allotted in the novel, without Robert Langdon's expertise.  I really enjoyed the academic aspect of this novel and this was my favorite part of the novel.  I did parallel reading and learned a good deal.<br/><br/>This novel features yet another semi omniscient uber villain who cannot resist spewing background information to his victims.  Personally I last encountered this in "The Lincoln Letter", another academic mystery novel.  I never encountered villains of this nature in my professional career and I have concluded that this is a literary device to shorten and simplify the story.  I preferred this novel over "The Lincoln Letter".<br/><br/>In summary, I really enjoyed this novel.  It is a distinct improvement over the author's first novel.  The two stories stand alone and a reader can skip the first novel without missing anything in this second novel.  Although very academic it is still a relatively easy read and I prefer it to other mystery novels by contemporary American male authors such as James Patterson and Dean Koontz.  I mean no disrespect to them, I just liked this novel better.  Thank You...
 Short chapters that span about one day propel the pace of this book. I didn’t want to put it down. It surprised me, entertained me, and even made me laugh in a couple of spots. I had to suspend disbelief for two events in the last few chapters. Maybe the science supports what happens, maybe it doesn’t, but my skepticism didn’t spoil my enjoyment. No purple prose—just excellent writing.
 I read this a long time ago after reading the DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>Essentially, this is the same format. Same excellent lead character, who goes on another thrilling, intelligent and twisty adventure! This is kind of like a smarter version of the National Tresure movies. Very entertaining, and highly recommended if the other things listed appeal to you!
 Dan Brown is a magnificent storyteller. Tackling the centuries old debate of science vs religion as a backdrop to his adventure, Angels &amp; Demons takes the reader on a fast paced wild ride of devotions taken to extremes and what can happen. Just because we can - does it mean we should?  The depth of the research for this book is staggering and makes the reader feel like they have been invited to glimpse inside the Vatican in ways few will ever really experience. It makes you want to go to Rome and follow the trail of the Illuminati and take in all the beauty and fine details lost by the overwhelming magnitude of the masters’ works.  Great book. Thoroughly enjoyable and easy to get wrapped up in it and lose track of time.
 This is a great suspenseful, intelligent, thriller that has been well researched by Mr Brown by going to the actual Vatican city in Rome as he does with all his Robert Langdon books, which I also highly recommend. I started with The DaVinci Code and then went on to read the others in the proper order. It doesn't really matter which order you read them in honestly because they're all their own separate adventures that don't really need you to know what happened in the previous books because Mr Brown doesn't make any reference to them in each book but believe me when I tell you if you like to read a good intelligent adventure novel and don't mind that it teaches you a little history while you read it then you'll love Angels &amp; Demons. This is the first book in the Robert Langdon novels and has to do with religious scholar history and symbology throughout but now in a boring way at all I assure you. It sets a pretty good pace in the storytelling so you don't feel like you're struggling to get through the book. I couldn't wait to find out what happened next. The next book is the DaVinci Code then The Lost Symbol and finally his newest book which was released in 2013, Inferno. All great books and all very well researched. A lot of people like to go to the different countries mentioned in these books and see the actual piecesbof art and landmarks mentioned in these books because they're real. Mr Brown has been there. Actually researched these things in person to give the reader a sense of realism like no author I've ever come across. He's the real deal and I think any intelligent reader would love his robert Langdon series.
 Details and twists and turns move this plot along and will have you turning pages and not wanting to put it down.<br/><br/>The amount of research that must have gone into this book in the locations alone must have been daunting. It turns a work of fiction into a believable, well plotted book.<br/><br/>Have fun with this one.
 Like many others, I started this series with the DaVinci Code, and after learning about Angels and Demons I tried to read it. The first time I failed and was never able to get into the story. Finally I found the time and inspiration to sit down and finish this book. I was pleasantly surprised. It is not necessary to read this book before reading the DaVinci Code since the story's are quite separate from each other, but after reading this book I was able to understand some of the comments that were said in the second book. I like the way that Landon was written, and the story progressed. I felt as if the story kept me guessing and wishing for more.
 I'll admit, it was a little slow going at first. But i also switched genes when picking up this book, so that probably had something to do with it. After that show start, though!! I could hardly put the book down! I was guessing and gasping and loving every second of it. Once it picks up,everything is fast paced in such a perfect, "edge of your seat" kind of way. Thor wasn't the first Langdon book I've read, and it won't be the last, either. (I guessed right on the big thing, by the way, and i was super proud of myself.)
 What amazes me most about this and other of Brown's books is the vast and varied research that goes into each. The elements of a Brown book consist of tourist guides, history, and epic, twisting plots that, when you come down to it, are almost all the same. At least they contain almost identical elements, though juggled around in sometimes surprising ways--all within a 24-hour time limit. Which is to say that, getting around his pedagogy, I really enjoy re-reading them.
 I did not finish the reading yet. So far, it is a very nice reading. I saw the movie based on the same book before having the chance to read it and even though I keep flipping the pages enthusiastically as Dan Brown`s writing style is smooth while keeping the story thrilling and fast paced. I am not a native English speaker and I read kindle e-books very often to practice the language. The device is really great as it's easy functionality and it`s English/Oxford dictionary helps a lot to grow fast my vocabulary. The only con of this e-book is that the version I bought from Kindle store did not allow for the text-to-speech/audible narration, a feature that is certainly very interesting when my eyes are a bit tired and a pair of earphones would allow them to rest a little without preventing me from moving ahead in this thrilling story. The audible narration feature is also a helping hand for the ones intending to learn how to pronounce the words previously unknown. I definitely recommend Dan Brown, who is an amazingly creative author/writer that makes use of a writing style that is sophisticated while accessible, his book Angels &amp; Deamons and its Kindle version.<br/>Have a nice, and far from boring, reading.
 I love the Robert Langdon books, have read them several times. Brown's writing style is detailed yet easy to comprehend and flows perfectly. His descriptions of historic sites and architecture makes me feel like I am there.<br/>I realize many folks were upset with the religious controversies within this and The DaVinci Code, I read them as works of fiction. Yet they are very intriguing and thought provoking. The movies made from his books are very close to the books, but I recommend reading them first if you have not seen them yet.
 The book said to be in good conditions and it’s falling apart! I feel the minute I start reading it I’ll realize it’s even missing pages. It also feels like the book got wet and then dried.  I’m buying another one and try to figure out a way to return this one.
 This is one of my all time favorite books.  I have a regular paperback copy but when I saw this illustrated hardcover I had to have it!  It is perfect for any Dan Brown fan who wants to really immerse themselves in the story or for someone who just wants to know what the book is referencing when it is talking about a place or artifact or whatever.
 I love the beginning of Robert Langdon. He is a captivating character. This story makes you think about everything that happens from beginning to end. How each part can be possible from the vantage point the author creates. Thanks Dan Brown for the amazing character of Robert Langdon.
 I found the book quite interesting...at first. However, the chase went  went on and on and on. I got exhaused and skipped to the final chapters....Yep, I guessed right about who the "villain" was.  Perhaps a stronger editor would have helped.
 I still think Dan Brown is full of it...But everything he offers is fully factual...Get ready to weed out a lot of preconceptions.  Ten years later, Jesus did not sleep with Mary Magdalen.  But you decide...its a Faith Checker for sure.  "A lot I learned"...is a under rated statement.
 I had previously listened to the audio version of this book when I had to drive considerable distances on the weeks and occasionally during the week.<br/><br/>I found the audio version condensed and amateurish.  I was dismayed and perplexed that such a work could get past a publisher's editor.  At times it seemed on the level of a junior high schooler with ambitions of becoming a novelist.  Nearly laughable writing errors.  I couldn't fathom why Dan Brown received such high praise, and some of it from established and admirable authors.<br/><br/>But when I read this version, the "real" novel, I realized the fault lay at the door of whoever butchered the novel to produce the audio version.  Dan Brown writes well and the story is quite intriguing and entertaining.  Some even like it better than "The Da Vinci Code".<br/><br/>Caution: You shouldn't take Brown's historical details and conclusions as historical "gospel." He takes liberties and pushes facts into some unwarranted conclusions, but no more so than some historians themselves do.  But he is writing fiction, and sometimes history serves his fiction more than his fiction serves history. And, if his historical opinions provoke you to do some of your own research, well and good.<br/><br/>That said, the many beautiful photos and illustrations add a lot to the enjoyment and visual understanding of the story and its settings.<br/><br/>Highly recommended.
 I LOVED this book and have read it about 3 times.  I love Dan Brown's writing style (also read 'Deception Point' - another good one!)It's kind of a prelude to the DaVinci Code - the main character is the same - so I read this one first, then DaVinci.  I liked this one a lot better.  It kept my attention and  I could not put it down.  Although I couldn't wait to see the movie and did enjoy it, I was a little disappointed with it and so glad that I read the book first as there is a lot more detail and the ending is different.  It's got love, suspense and it is so descriptive of Italy.  It also has some very interesting facts and makes you think about possible ramifications of our progress.  Scientific discoveries are sometimes thought of as positive steps in our development but what would happen if they got into the wrong hands?  Read this book!
 I don't remember any longer whether I saw the movie first or read the book first. I blend them together in my mind and get a better experience overall, even with the discrepancies. The best part about the combination is that the book gave me a deeper insight into the characters so when I watched the movie I felt I was more in touch with what was happening. The book also provides a better understanding of the background. The artists, the art, the locations...these are all described in detail in the book and I found myself wanting to visit the locations.
 I don't believe I've ever run across a book quite like this before. This book consists of both of Dan Brown's "Angels and Demons" as well as "The Da Vinci Code" in one hardbound volume.  The book actually cost a third of what the shipping cost were, but a deal no less.  This book published in the United Kingdom appears to be no different than the original stories as I can tell.  I somehow missed "A's &amp; D'" when first published, so I thought I'd catch up before" Inferno" is delivered.<br/><br/>True to his style and research associates, they weave together a remarkably believable story line that keeps you not wanting to put the book down no matter what your eyelids tell you.  A great read.<br/><br/>The only reason for not a five-star rating...two books in one makes for more than a handful (844+ pages)!
 I really enjoyed reading the DaVinci Code.  It was one of my favorite books.  I was so addicted to reading it and finished it in about a week.  I could not wait to read this one, and I was not disappointed.  As a matter of fact, I felt that this book was even better than the DaVinci Code.  It was just nonstop action and plot twists and I could not put the book down.  I caught myself holding my breath repeatedly.  I am usually pretty good at "figuring out" the ending of stories, but I have to say, this one kept me in suspense right up to the end!  I read this one in just 3 days!<br/><br/>I thought the story was very unique and the plot was extremely believable.  It was a perfect blend of fact and fiction, although so well written, was difficult to distinguish where the fact leaves off and the fiction begins!  I love the character of Robert Langdon.  He is a strong and intelligent character, but he has his flaws, which is what makes him so believable and endearing.  I cannot wait to read Dan Brown's new novel coming out, and have preordered it already!
 I loved reading this book.  I had heard that I should have read this before I read the Da Vinci Code.  To me, it didn't make any difference which one I read first.  Both are fantastic.<br/><br/>I'm very picky about what I read, but this book is what reading fiction is all about!  It had suspense.  I didn't know how he was going to tie everything together until the end.  It made me want more.  I couldn't wait to get to the end, yet I didn't want to have to stop reading it at the same time.  "The Deception Point" was also in the same category.  The way Dan Brown has put this story together is brilliant.<br/><br/>I didn't read the book to get factual information.  I wanted to be entertained.  If I had wanted accurate facts, I wouldn't have picked up a fiction novel.<br/><br/>It wasn't Shakespeare, but like I said, I wanted to be entertained.  I didn't want to have to think about the characters or be challenged by a writer's in-depth psychoanalytic viewpoints.  It was perfect for what I was looking for in a fiction novel.  It was like eating a really good chocolate candy.  If you're trying to dissect and analyze its contents, you're missing the Gestalt of the best part.
 As usual Dan Brown displays superb knowledge of art and the Catholic church. He maintains a suspenseful pace. The unfortunate thing is his creation has a great skin but the same old bones. The basic plot of this book was so similar in it's characters - the assassin, the female relationship with the daughter of the the gruesomely murdered first victim etc.I read the DiVinci Code first, but I kept wondering if I had read this book  before.
 I bought this version because both my wife and I are planning on reading Angels &amp; Demons. Me in English and her in Korean. So I thought it would be nice for both of us to have the illustrations at hand. So I bought Angels &amp; Demons - Special Illustrated Edition Hardcover – Import, 2005, only to find it HAS NO ILLUSTRATIONS!! Seriously???
 Some have gotten confused that DaVinci Code came before Angels and Demons. Not so - we meet Langdon in this formidable novel that is a delight to read, a great 'who done it' and masterfully handled. I took this book to a seminar to read after hours and when I looked and saw I only had 20 pages left, I literally screamed in dismay - The real star of Angels and Demons is the character Carmelengo Carlo Ventresca, the interim person in charge of the Vatican after the death of his mentor the Pope, and before the Cardinals vote on the next Pope. He is one of those unforgettable characters that comes once in a long while - The Vatican and Bernini sculptures are also major characters in this book - utterly fascinating how it was all pieced together.<br/>If you have not read A&amp;D &amp; Code, go for it - they are both delightful, keep you on a rollercoaster that you don't want to get off. But my favoite is Angels and Demons.<br/>Dan Brown don't go back to your first novels, strictly about coding - add a wonderful adventure and superb characters, and you have magic.
 I learned many things from reading this book. Several things I wish I had known when I was stationed in Italy 1973-1976.<br/>Detailed descriptions of everything applicable to the mystery helped me understand the who, why, and when. The end was a total surprise. A definite worthwhile read.
 Dan Brown has a unique way of starting a story with such gusto that the reader can only hold on for dear life! Again I found myself trying to read slow to keep the book lasting as long as it possibly could. His gift of storytelling cannot be matched. I consider myself an avid reader, but I have yet to come across another author that can hold my interest like Dan Brown. His attention to detail when describing a scene is nothing short of brilliant. You actually find yourself so caught up that you can feel the warmth of the air or hear the sounds of the city. The characters are so believable they could be relatives or friends!! I could go on but you have to experience for yourself the mastery of this author...he does not disappoint!!
 I always wanted to, but never did, read the "DaVinci Code"....so a few weeks ago I finally got around to getting the book for my Kindle....I brought the "DaVinci Code" to read but was told before I start that book, I had to read Dan Browns previous book, "Angels &amp; Demons", so I dutifully got the book and read it first............<br/><br/>In a nut shell, too much narration and unbelievable characters along with a bizarre plot line ......I will give one example of what I mean.....you be the judge, believable or not....near the end of the book our hero jumps out of a helicopter thousands of feet up in the air only holding on to a tarp and lands in the river and survives with no injury!!!!!!!!!!  What was his editor thinking?  The only saving grace to the book is that I did enjoy the infusion of history in the book and quite frankly, without the historical component this book would only rate a 2 stars for me.  Now it is on to the "DaVinci Code"....the question for me is it going to be "is it more of the same?"
 I had never read any of the Robert Langdon novels before. I also had never seen any of the movies. With Inferno getting ready to come out into the movie theaters, I finally decided to read the books and view the movies as well. I really enjoyed Angels and Demons as a novel. If you are a fan of the movie, I certainly believe that you will enjoy the novel even better. I did notice that the book and movie also ended with quite a few differences. I did overall enjoy that twist at the end, I will say that I never say it coming.<br/><br/>I am looking forward to beginning the da vinci code now.
 I read this for the first time after The Da Vinci Code and then bought the DVD.  Unfortunately my best memory of it was the movie.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book again, but was surprised by all the discrepancies between the two.  The movie seriously distorted the story and changed the ending.  The book is much more intense without the stale Hollywood sensationalism.  Robert Langdon is a sympathetic and engaging character even in this first outing.  I even enjoyed the peek into the workings of the upper echelons of the Catholic Church whether or not it was totally accurate.  Dan Brown tells a good story and does it well.  I am definitely a fan!
 Dan Brown, author of the humongously successful "Da Vinci Code," scores well with this story written before his international best seller<br/>Incredibly, the entire 500+ pages of action occurs over a six-hour period.  As in "Da Vinci," the action takes place in and around the Catholic Church -- literally.  The bulk of the book involves Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon and his attractive Italian co-sleuth Vittoria Vetra racing between the Pope's office, the Vatican's secret archives, hidden Middle Age passageways, the crypt holding St. Peter's remains and various churches in Rome in an attempt beat a midnight calamity that threatens to destroy the Catholic Church at its very foundations.<br/>The nutshell:  CERN, the world's most formidable collection of physicists, has produced and contained anti-matter, that theoretical substance present at the Big Bang.  Despite elaborate security, a vial of the anti-matter has been stolen by a resurgent Illuminati -- that cryptic group dating from the Middle Ages that purported to represent and defend scientific inquiry against the forces of a Church desperate to stamp out anything even remotely calling into question Rome's vision of the earth, man and their divine creation.<br/>After waiting four centuries, the Illuminati have a chance to extract their revenge upon the Catholic Church.  The vial of anti-matter will escape containment when a battery mechanism allowing its suspension turns off at midnight on the day bereaved cardinals are gathered to select a new pope.  Anti-matter, when coming into contact with any matter (even air, or the sides of a container) produces an explosion so great that a pea-sized drop of the stuff could wipe out a mile square area.  And, the vial has been hidden someplace in the recesses of Vatican City.<br/>Langdon appears because his specialty -- symbology -- makes him the foremost expert in possible clues to the Illuminati plot and the hiding place of the vial.  The beautiful Vetra appears because she was teamed with her father in the production of  anti-matter at CERN -- her father being a catholic priest/physicist who was attempting to prove the existence of Genesis with his work (he adopted her when she was an orphan).<br/>Breathless describes this novel.  The entire story, except for Langdon's educational lectures on the Illuminati, various aspects of Vatican lore, and Middle Age Italian artists and architecture, takes place between the time most allow for dinner to follow lunch.  The action never stops -- it is ceaseless.<br/>It is also very entertaining.  Anyone attracted to history, secret societies, church politics past and present and a whiff of physics as backdrop to a ripping good yarn will appreciate this book.
 I saw this movie when it came out. Years later - and many 50/50 book selections later - I decided to read this first of four RL novels. It was an awesome read!! I loved the story. RL was a little annoying and pretentious in the beginning, but his character became more likable as the story progressed. The Vittoria character also amazing. I'm interested to read if she and RL stay together. The Hassassin was super scary and an awesome opposite to RL. There are differences between the movie and the book, but both are equally entertaining. I would definitely recommend both. On to THE DAVINCI  CODE."
 As a thriller, is thrilling enough:fast paced, enthralling and whit a good plot twist and surprise in the end. Only, I wish our Author hasn't made his protagonist so naive. Maybe an anthropologist wouldn't know of the most cryptic aspect of particle physics, but his astonishment on hearing of antimatter seems absurd in a learned man. And has he never heard of CERN and particle accelerators?  As if this stereotype of the humanist  scholar totally oblivious of science matters was not annoying enough, there's an extravagant overemphatization of the rift between Science and Religion.Here seems to be an unbridgeable chasm, a situation that is rather different fron reality ( see the latest pronouncement of the Pope in the matter).<br/>This said, it's a good thriller, whit  carboard characters  (how many post-feminism  women-of-action way smartest that the male protagonist have you seen?) who don't do much in terms of human interaction,but,hey, they've got to save the world!
 Love, love, love this book. This is one of my top 5. I could not put down the minute I started reading it. There are so many details involved that you really need to concentrate on what you are reading. Several times I found myself saying "no way", "nu-uh" "omg" "what the...". I've read Dan Brown's 2 other books Digital Fortress and Deception Point. This book was loaned to me by a friend...she never got it back. It was an old copy where the cover had torn off but I didn't care. I taped that baby back on and just kept reading.
 Dan Brown is a good writer in many respects. He knows how to milk a scene for all it's worth, he knows how to create conflict, and he's very well researched. He also knows that Americans love a good conspiracy and that knowledge has kept him at the top of the best-seller's list for a year with The Da Vinci Code.<br/>Angels and Demons is "Robert Langdon's First Adventure," according to the advertising on the book's front. In Langdon, Brown has created the new Indiana Jones - an adventure-seeking academic - only Langdon is smarter than Indy ever dreamed of being.<br/>He's also much more of a wuss. This fact isn't quite so clear in The Da Vinci code, but in Angels and Demons, where Brown was obviously still honing his chops as a writer, Langdon is an emasculated pansy for the vast majority of the novel. He's afraid of guns, tags along as the female protagonist leads us through the plot, and always realizes everything just a little too late. Typical of a Dan Brown novel, to talk much about the plot would be to give away his much-used secrets, so I really can't get too into it, but suffice it to say that if anyone else had written Angels and Demons they would've been sued for plagiarism - it's unbelievably similar to The Da Vinci Code. Secret Sect, huge cover-ups, holy church doctrines - all the same stuff.<br/>Aside from a limp hero and its unabashed similarity to his more recent work, Angels and Demons also suffers from the staggering leaps of faith it demands on the audience. There is, quite literally, a "Deus ex machina" ending, 20,000 foot freefalls from helicopters without parachutes, and a total pilfering of the Vatican secret libraries. This is meant to be an epic tale told on an epic scale, and I suppose it loosely succeeds, but whereas Da Vinci Code was impossible to put down, you may not even make it through the exceptionally long Angels and Demons.<br/>I respect Dan Brown greatly and I'm excited to read what he comes out with next. But despite Angels and Demons' similarity to the Da Vinci Code I can see why it never enjoyed even a fraction of its success (for the above reasons). This feels like a first novel - the one you don't publish, but keep on the shelf and rewrite after you've made it big. I guess Brown's doing it the other way around.
 Dan Brown's greatest skill seems to be his way of educating you without you known it and Angels &amp; Demons is a great example of that skill.  A Pope has passed away under mysterious circumstances and as the Vatican tries to elect a new Pope, a murderous villain claiming to belong to a secret society called the Illuminati has kidnapped the leading candidates.<br/>Not being a Catholic, I had no understanding of the Vatican and the processes for electing a pope and found the descriptions of the interior of the Vatican, the life of the Pope and the processes involved in Papal election extremely interesting.  Even more so, the idea of the Illuminati fascinating...even more so because, like almost everything Dan Brown writes, this book is based in majority on fact.<br/>I loved this book, as well as his new release, "The DaVinci Code".  It was enthralling and engaging and suspenseful, keeping you trying to figure out the puzzle ahead of time.  A great read!
 Dan Brown is a good writer in many respects. He knows how to milk a scene for all it's worth, he knows how to create conflict, and he's very well researched. He also knows that Americans love a good conspiracy and that knowledge has kept him at the top of the best-seller's list for a year with The Da Vinci Code.<br/>Angels and Demons is "Robert Langdon's First Adventure," according to the advertising on the book's front. In Langdon, Brown has created the new Indiana Jones - an adventure-seeking academic - only Langdon is smarter than Indy ever dreamed of being.<br/>(...) In Angels and Demons, where Brown was obviously still honing his chops as a writer, Langdon is an emasculated pansy for the vast majority of the novel. He's afraid of guns, tags along as the female protagonist leads us through the plot, and always realizes everything just a little too late. Typical of a Dan Brown novel, to talk much about the plot would be to give away his much-used secrets(...) - it's unbelievably similar to The Da Vinci Code. Secret Sect, huge cover-ups, holy church doctrines - all the same stuff.<br/>Aside from a limp hero and its unabashed similarity to his more recent work, Angels and Demons also suffers from the staggering leaps of faith it demands on the audience. There is, quite literally, a "Deus ex machina" ending, 20,000 foot freefalls from helicopters without parachutes, and a total pilfering of the Vatican secret libraries. This is meant to be an epic tale told on an epic scale, and I suppose it loosely succeeds, but whereas Da Vinci Code was impossible to put down, you may not even make it through the exceptionally long Angels and Demons.<br/>I respect Dan Brown greatly and I'm excited to read what he comes out with next. But despite Angels and Demons' similarity to the Da Vinci Code I can see why it never enjoyed even a fraction of its success (for the above reasons). This feels like a first novel - the one you don't publish, but keep on the shelf and rewrite after you've made it big. I guess Brown's doing it the other way around.
 Dan Brown is a good writer in many respects. He knows how to milk a scene for all it's worth, he knows how to create conflict, and he's very well researched. He also knows that Americans love a good conspiracy and that knowledge has kept him at the top of the best-seller's list for a year with The Da Vinci Code.<br/>Angels and Demons is "Robert Langdon's First Adventure," according to the advertising on the book's front. In Langdon, Brown has created the new Indiana Jones - an adventure-seeking academic - only Langdon is smarter than Indy ever dreamed of being.<br/>He's also much more of a dork. This fact isn't quite so clear in The Da Vinci code, but in Angels and Demons, where Brown was obviously still honing his chops as a writer, Langdon is an emasculated pansy for the vast majority of the novel. He's afraid of guns, tags along as the female protagonist leads us through the plot, and always realizes everything just a little too late. Typical of a Dan Brown novel, to talk much about the plot would be to give away his much-used secrets, so I really can't get too into it, but suffice it to say that if anyone else had written Angels and Demons they would've been sued for plagarism - it's unbelievably similar to The Da Vinci Code. Secret Sect, huge cover-ups, holy church doctrines - all the same stuff.<br/>Aside from a limp hero and its unabashed similarity to his more recent work, Angels and Demons also suffers from the staggering leaps of faith it demands on the audience. There is, quite literally, a "Deus ex machina" ending, 20,000 foot freefalls from helicopters without parachutes, and a total pilfering of the Vatican secret libraries. This is meant to be an epic tale told on an epic scale, and I suppose it loosely succeeds, but whereas Da Vinci Code was impossible to put down, you may not even make it through the exceptionally long Angels and Demons.<br/>I respect Dan Brown greatly and I'm excited to read what he comes out with next. But despite Angels and Demons' similarity to the Da Vinci Code I can see why it never enjoyed even a fraction of its success (for the above reasons). This feels like a first novel - the one you don't publish, but keep on the shelf and rewrite after you've made it big. I guess Brown's doing it the other way around.
 I loved The DaVinci Code, so I had to pick up Angels and Demons.  What a surprise to find this one is even better than its ultra-popular sibling!<br/>When I was privileged to sing for the Pope outside St. Peter's Basilica, I had the strange thought that the Piazza di San Pietro would be the perfect scene for a taut thriller involving a mass assassination or something like that.  I envisioned a Tom Clancy-esque plot, with the hero coming in to save the world from destruction at the last second.<br/>Here Dan Brown has taken a similar idea but with an unlikely hero, the scholarly symboligist Robert Langdon, who also appears in DaVinci Code.  A noted physicist who was renowned for his work linking the world of science with the world of God is brutally murdered, and all signs point to the Illuminati, a secret society created by the likes of Galileo, a society thought to be long dead.  Along with the physicist's daughter, Langdon must solve a series of bizarre clues to save the Catholic Church from complete devastation.<br/>Those familiar with Rome will find themselves looking for the clues in their travel albums or the recesses of their minds and will be astonished to find them there.  Like The DaVinci Code, the reader sometimes blurs the line between fact and fiction and is left wondering "What if?"<br/>If I could give this book 6 stars, I would.  I cannot remember when I last read a book I enjoyed so thoroughly.  If you like your thrillers tautly written and impeccably researched, you owe it to yourself to read Angels &amp; Demons.  Really.
 This was nowhere near as good as The Da Vinci Code.  It was well written but everything in the storyline was far too predictable...just a battle between 2 religious groups...one good/one evil...no secrets revealed, no real biblical uncovering...nothing earth shattering.  A good read for the most part but I found myself wandering...ALOT...and having to go back to see if I had missed anything but never really did.
 I enjoyed this book, it has a similar feel to the Davinci Code book.  Our hero is drawn into the worlds of the catholic church and the world of science with the outcome of chaos and murder. A scientist is murdered in a secure facility he has been branded on his chest with a brand from an ancient order of the illumini. It had been thought that this order had finished in ancient times.<br/>The pace speeds up after a theft from the secure facility ends up in Vatican City in Rome.<br/>In the meantime the clock is ticking down fr a major explosion in Rome<br/>To summerize, if you like Dan Brown's books you should enjoy this book
 It's so hard to review a book that rocks your reading world.  Again Dan Brown has given us a book that takes your breath away and you can't sleep because you can't stop reading!  I loved the whole book, having grown up in the same church and still am, all of this rang a lot of bells for me.  The characters are so solid, warm, loving, terrifying, sad but so real.  The story line grips you on page one and did not let go till the last page.  I'm sure I will remember this book for a long time and will be on my re-read list for years to come.  Don't believe anyone if they tell you this was not a great read, find out for yourself.  I highly recommend this book and goes without saying this author!
 I liked this book. I read it before the movies came out. However, there is a caveat.<br/><br/>I can not read more than one Dan Brown book per 18 month period. I read Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code at about the same time and I feel like I would have gotten more enjoyment out of it if I had spaced it out and read them a couple years apart.<br/><br/>The story was not enough to have me on the edge of my seat, but it was good.<br/>The story was plausible enough that if it was based in truth I would not be surprised or shocked.<br/>The story was entertaining enough that I would not rule out reading it again in the future.<br/><br/>Overall, it is not the best book ever, but it is worth your time and is a good read.
 This is the first Dan Brown book that I have read, so I can not compare it with his other stories.  The plot is about the re-emergence of a secret society (The Illuminati) which is the ancient nemesis of The Vatican.  The story takes place after the death of a Pope (a fictitious one, not John Paul II), when Robert Langdon (a Harvard Professor of religious iconology) is contacted by the head of CERN (a European scientific research group) to provide information on The Illuminati which they believe is involved in the death of one of their leading scientists.  As the plot unfolds, it appears that The Illuminati has planted a powerful bomb (with antimatter stolen from CERN) in the Vatican.  They also appear to have kidnapped the four leading candidates to become the new Pope with the intention of executing them in a fashion to tell the world that they are still around and powerful, and in an effort to destroy the Catholic Church.<br/><br/>There are many good things about this book.  It was easy to read, and the reader is pulled into the story, making its 550+ pages fly by.  The characters are interesting, and the conspiracy plot is fairly well done, taking the reader from place to place in Rome and Vatican City.  Despite its flaws, for the most part the book was very entertaining.<br/><br/>On the other hand, there are many problems with the story.  Some of the "facts" presented in the telling of the history of the Illuminati are wrong, and this does not appear to have been done for plot reasons.  The situation with the bomb was not done very well, because the scenario which is presented should have resulted in the bomb being found relatively quickly.  Finally, the last part of the book is messy.  There are many things thrown in at the end in an attempt to surprise the reader, but it really doesn't read true to the rest of the story; at least not for me.<br/><br/>This is not a bad book.  It has a great concept, and for the most part is fun to read.  However, the ending and some significant holes in the story are the reasons that I give it two stars.  There are better choices available that involve secret societies from hundreds of years ago, such as "Foucault's Pendulum" by Umberto Eco.
 Dan Brown is one of the most consistently excellent writers in the suspense-thriller genre. He always adds something extra to his novels besides an original, fast-paced plot. Brown explores unique themes/topics, whether it be the mysteries of the Holy Grail and secrets of the Knights Templar, NASA politics, or discovering life on other planets, that add tremendous depth to his storylines. I think some readers take his work too seriously, however. After all, his books are fiction - novels where one is required to suspend belief to some degree. Brown's background research is quite competent. I have read both "The DaVinci Code" and "Deception Point" and found them to be super suspenseful and filled with fascinating new ideas. "Angels and Demons" is another page-turner.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, (also a character in "The DaVinci Code"), a renowned Harvard symbologist, is summoned to a Swiss research facility to analyze an obscure symbol branded into the chest of a murdered physicist. The dead scientist's final achievement had been the discovery of antimatter, "the most powerful and deadly source of energy known to man." Langdon is able to identify the symbol. He also finds that the labs supply of antimatter, the only specimens in existence, has disappeared. Then the Pope dies suddenly. Cause of death is determined to be murder - an almost indiscernible murder. Langdon learns of a deadly vendetta against the Catholic Church by a centuries-old underground organization - The Illuminati. This organization, has existed since Galileo's time to promote the interests of science over religion. The antimatter is hidden underneath Vatican City on the eve of a Papal election, and it is scheduled to explode, threatening lives as well as all the historical documents and art that the Vatican contains.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, and Vittoria Vetra, the dead scientist's daughter, begin an exhausting search, with an impossible deadline, through the streets, churches and catacombs of Rome to prevent the disaster, find the Illuminati leadership and the murderer(s).<br/><br/>Once again, Brown had me intrigued with his scientific and historical detail, Church politics, and high tech-mania. I look forward to reading "Digital Fortress" next.<br/>JANA
 Arrived in great condition. I just started reading it and I’m already hooked. The Da Vinci Code was a amazing story, and this is even better. I recommend this to anyone looking for a good mystery.
 This was my second reading but having just returned from Rome it was amazing to relive all the locales we had just visited.  The history included by Dan Brown is really impressive adding to the richness of his writing.  Anyone with an interest in history coupled with a riveting tale...you can't top Angels and Demons.
 I think that I am the only person in the world who, after discovering my love of Dan Brown's writing, waited YEARS to read this book.  Angels &amp; Demons is a brilliantly-written novel, and if it was my first Brown novel, I would certainly love how he pulls you through revelations and clues, all against the clock.  Since it was not, I found myself all-too-anticipatory of these twists, but they did keep me captivated nonetheless.  Brown's knack for intelligent, fact-rich writing is tantalizing to my eyes.  I wish more writers presented models that make you feel smarter and sharper after reading them.  Thank you Dan for having brought this book into the world!
 Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is awakened in the middle of the night and confronted with evidence of something he hadn't thought possible: the Illuminati, the world's oldest satanic cult, though long thought a defunct organization, is apparently thriving and responsible for the horrific mutilation and murder of a brilliant physicist. Arrived at the victim's workplace, a secretive nuclear research facility in Switzerland, Langdon discovers that the Illuminati have more in store for the world than the assassination of a single scientist. The group has its hands on the world's most destructive material, stolen from the dead man's lab, and is intent on destroying the Catholic Church by violent means.<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons is the precursor to Dan Brown's much ballyhooed The DaVinci Code, which also features Langdon in the Indiana Jones-ish role of studly-smart professor-hero. The book is similar to The DaVinci Code, too, in its style and content--a romantic flirtation in the midst of crisis; secret religious history unveiled; complicated information rendered highly digestible by Mr. Brown's skillful hand; short, explosive chapters that make the book very hard to put down. A great story, well-written.<br/><br/>Reviewed by Debra Hamel, author of Trying Neaira: The True Story of a Courtesan's Scandalous Life in Ancient Greece
 Great book but ruined by the unbelievable stuff such as the whole thing takes place in one day and needed a supersonic plane to achieve this.  Great insight into the workings of the Vatican.  The end bits were too much especially the the escape from the helicopter.
 Reading this book was something akin to riding a roller coaster for the first time -- no -- more like riding the Space Shuttle for the first time!<br/>It's a phenomenal mystery story -- a thriller in every sense;  but even more than that, it's a highly intelligent weaving of intricate details that come together in a way that no mind but Dan Brown's could ever have imagined. I haven't been so delightedly surprised by a book in a long time. I was very pleased with it and decided to join in with many others in praising it's delights.<br/>I do have to say that the general tone of the book was dark and that some of the images were disturbing, but the premise was mesmerizing and it stretched my mind in directions I never thought possible. DO read this is you love a good puzzle and enjoy great endings. You won't be disappointed.
 For anyone incensed by The DaVinci Code, they only need to read Angels and Demons to see Dan Brown's thriller formula. I enjoy his books. Brown has never claimed to be the greatest writer yet he's continually attacked by critics. The books are fun. They are thrillers.
 Let me begin by saying, that when it comes to books I'm a hard sell. I don't like to read just any book. I want a book to capture my attention early on and keep it. Leaving me breathless for more, forgetting sleep, food and all else. Now with that said, I am an extremely well read person. For anyone who has not yet read this book, there is a reason why it has been on the Bestseller liss everywhere world wide. This book was amazing. I've nothing but good things to say about it. Dan Brown literally out-did himself in writing this magnificent piece of fiction.<br/><br/>I truly believe this book was better than The Da Vinchi Code, although Da Vinchi Code shone on it's own. If the Lost Symbol is anything like Angels and Demons, I definitely cannot wait!
 I love this book! Great story centering around historical sites in Rome and the Vatican. Very interesting storyline along with history and symbolism. Surprising ending as is typical with Dan Brown's writing. A very good murder mystery. There are a lot of details so not a good choice if you like simple, straight forward stories.
 Like many others, I read A&amp;D after The Da Vinci Code. I liked The Da Vinci Code even though the ending bothered me and Dan Brown's style was slightly annoying. I was hoping A&amp;D would be different since it's an earlier work.<br/><br/>Well it is not. It is exactly like the Da Vinci Code in everyway. A secret society, Robert Langdon, The church, everything being a conspiracy, etc, etc. Everybody seems to love a conspiracy, but the main one this story follows is way too far fetched. Not so much in the historical facts area (although Brown is way off in his claims) but in the action of the book and the plot of the so-called secret group, the Illuminati. Out of respect to possible readers, I don't want to give anything away but the whole book becomes so absurd.<br/><br/>It follows, or should I say The Da Vinci Code follows, the same story template. The similarities are overwhelming. Then there is Dan Brown's style. Lots of short chapters filled (with back story narratives) that usually end in some climax, then jumping to another part of the story. It is like reading a soap opera. It does make for a fast read, but it becomes annoying after awhile. Especially if you have read The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/> Because the two books are so similar, you have to compare them to each other.<br/><br/>Da Vinci Code is the better book of the two. If you're a Da Vinci Code lover, you will like this book. But if Da Vinci Code bothered you at all, this book will be a big let down.
 Best-selling author pits the forces of the Catholic Church and its ever-growing marriage to science against the dark forces of the Illumanitati in a fast-paced novel. Here's what I like about Angels and Demons:<br/><br/>1. Great handling of religious and scienfitic history, especially the way they are integrated into the plot. You actually learn something and in a way that is never boring or feels forced to the novel's plot lines.<br/><br/>2. Great research. You can tell you're in the hands of a super smart, assured author who knows his stuff.<br/><br/>3. Great pacing and suspense.<br/><br/>4. The book experience is like sitting back and watching a glorious three-hour movie.<br/><br/>Here's what I don't like:<br/><br/>1. Cliche, somewhat thin, predictable characters. For example, one of the chief scientists goes around in a wheelchair. This familiar wheelchair device has been used in James Bond and other spy novels.<br/><br/>2. The main character is such an Everyman that he is almost bland and boring.<br/><br/>But for suspense novel, this is probably the best of its kind. I read it with no shame.
 this book follows the same patters as da vinci code.  so much so that it was ridiculously annoying.  same characters doing the same thing at the same time for the same reasons.  BORING.
 Angels &amp; Demons by Dan Brown is the second installment in the Robert Langdon saga. After having literally breezing through The Da Vinci Code, I felt it was a long enough hiatus to pick up the next installment. It was offered for a good price and I didn't exactly get a chance to watch the movie so it was a win-win situation! After finding out that it had to do with the Illuminati cult, I thought to myself this is definitely going to be another solid winner. If you frequent the Internet, no doubt you've heard of conspiracy theories about modern day celebrities being a secret member of this Illuminati group. I thought it was interesting but never had a real chance to research it on my own. Angels &amp; Demons I was hoping to give me a lecture on this very subject. Although this is fiction work, I was still hoping the author would shed light on this matter in hopes of getting the readers to think with their mind similarly to how it did with The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>I knew I was in trouble only after reading the first couple of chapters or so. Why? Because I remember The Da Vinci Code starting off the same way! It starts off with some person getting killed by a mysterious person, leaving a clue of some sort, Robert Langdon getting woken up and briefed on the situation, he moans and groans about not wanting to do anything about it, he suddenly gets convinced its worth a look, he makes a trip to the location, meets and teams up with a hot woman and you get the rest. Some readers obviously don't mind an author rehashing a tried and tested formula but then there are readers like me who thinks its lazy work. At this point, I thought not all was lost because I could at least count on the author delivering a solid mystery that will no doubt wheel the protagonists around Rome in hopes of trying to save the day or night. Well, I was semi-wrong again. The mystery part that is.<br/><br/>It's not that the Illuminati is boring to read about. I said in the beginning that this subject  does interests me. It's just that this time around, the author failed horribly to capture my attention. With The Da Vinci Code, the mystery about the whole Mona Lisa and the Holy Grail was extremely captivating and that's why it lead to that book being hailed as a page-turner. The use of real life artifacts no doubt is a staple with these stories but unlike The Da Vinci Code, it didn't really make me go on the Internet to look for pictures on these art pieces. Something just felt lackluster in Angels &amp; Demons.<br/><br/>As far as character goes, well, let's just say the author isn't really gifted when it comes time to fleshing out the villains. The main killer here is a bore to read. It seems as if the author doesn't know how to flesh him out as a evil person so hey, what to do? Oh, why, lets turn him into a sex craved maniac who gets high off of torturing the women before having his way with them? Hmm, where have we heard that one before eh? Again, it makes the author look lazy when he does these kinds of things.<br/><br/>The book started off slow but picked up at around 23%, which I was glad for. There is no doubt that many would consider the author "brave" for tackling such a sensitive topic for so many. I'm sure he knows that controversy creates publicity, good or bad, and that in turn allows him and his publishers to cash in. I can say for certain that I will not being reading another Dan Brown book for a long time. It even got me thinking about whether my outcome of Angels &amp; Demons would have been the same if I read it first instead of The Da Vinci Code. I can honestly say that I don't really know. The latter set the bar pretty darn high. I rarely will read a book twice but I can say for certainty that I will read The Da Vinci Code again. Not so much Angels &amp; Demons.
 Harvard professor Robert Langdon is awakened by a mysterious phone call and has the most thrilling, outrageous and frightening day of his life when he is called upon to use his knowledge of religious symbology to stop a powerful cult from destroying the Catholic Church.<br/>Author Dan Brown writes well.  The book is a page-turner from start to finish, and along the way you learn a lot and want to stay up late reading.  What's not to love?  My only complaint is that otherwise intelligent characters are often extremely uninformed about matters of common knowledge -- this is an awkward way of allowing the author to explain things to the readers -- but otherwise I found this to be a thoroughly enjoyable thriller.  Violence is not dwelled upon, though people are killed in bizarre circumstances, and the material may be offensive to some Catholics but not most.  The book would benefit from a page or two telling the reader what is fictional and what is not.<br/>Lots of fun.
 My definition of FAITH is the explanation of things inexplicable. This works here. An intellectually challenging page turner, like all his books. Get it.
 I heard and read a lot about this book before I finally got to read it and I found it disappointing. To me the main issue is the author doesn't give the reader any credit in terms of general culture/knowledge or imagination to figure out stuff on your own. We don't need the apples and oranges explanations, please, give us some credit. The story may be entertaining but stopping to explain just break the rhythm. I felt underestimated as a reader.
 Dan Brown is a good writer in many respects. He knows how to milk a scene for all it's worth, he knows how to create conflict, and he's very well researched. He also knows that Americans love a good conspiracy and that knowledge has kept him at the top of the best-seller's list for a year with The Da Vinci Code.<br/>Angels and Demons is "Robert Langdon's First Adventure," according to the advertising on the book's front. In Langdon, Brown has created the new Indiana Jones - an adventure-seeking academic - only Langdon is smarter than Indy ever dreamed of being.<br/>He's also much more of a wuss. This fact isn't quite so clear in The Da Vinci code, but in Angels and Demons, where Brown was obviously still honing his chops as a writer, Langdon is an emasculated pansy for the vast majority of the novel. He's afraid of guns, tags along as the female protagonist leads us through the plot, and always realizes everything just a little too late. Typical of a Dan Brown novel, to talk much about the plot would be to give away his much-used secrets, so I really can't get too into it, but suffice it to say that if anyone else had written Angels and Demons they would've been sued for plagiarism - it's unbelievably similar to The Da Vinci Code. Secret Sect, huge cover-ups, holy church doctrines - all the same stuff.<br/>Aside from a limp hero and its unabashed similarity to his more recent work, Angels and Demons also suffers from the staggering leaps of faith it demands on the audience. There is, quite literally, a "Deus ex machina" ending, 20,000 foot freefalls from helicopters without parachutes, and a total pilfering of the Vatican secret libraries. This is meant to be an epic tale told on an epic scale, and I suppose it loosely succeeds, but whereas Da Vinci Code was impossible to put down, you may not even make it through the exceptionally long Angels and Demons.<br/>I respect Dan Brown greatly and I'm excited to read what he comes out with next. But despite Angels and Demons' similarity to the Da Vinci Code I can see why it never enjoyed even a fraction of its success (for the above reasons). This feels like a first novel - the one you don't publish, but keep on the shelf and rewrite after you've made it big. I guess Brown's doing it the other way around.
 Very exciting read, coursing put it down. However Dan Brown claims in the beginning of this book that most references to historical events and organizations are factual....if you know your history you will find much of it is embellished or simply untrue. Regardless this isn't a history book but a thrilling novel.
 All right, a few suggestions. DO NOT START THIS BOOK IF YOU HAVE TO GET UP THE NEXT MORNING. Forget it, you WILL NOT be able to put it down. I suggest a long weekend, an early morning start and unplugging the telephone.<br/>Brown has successfully created a character driven suspense tale (an unusual acheivment in and of itself). The people here are as arresting as the ephemeral strands of history that tie the tale together with continually tantalizing possiblities - Add edge-of-your-seat suspense and I defy anyone to put it down before each puzzle is unravelled, every villain identifed and our heroes crowned. The best part is you THINK you know how each of those things will be managed. Forget it, you don't have a clue.
 A great read. Holds you till the very end. One of things I love about Mr. Brown is his ability to describe and detail architecture and history without boring you senseless. Loved it.
 In this prequel to The Da Vinci Code, Robert Langdon comes face to face with the possibility that an ancient organization (the Illuminati), thought to be inactive for many years, may still be a force to be reckoned with.  Brown goes right to the heart of the battle between religion and science.  I don't want to ruin it for other readers by giving away too many details, but there were a few interesting facts (?) put forward.  (I wonder how many readers pulled out a one-dollar bill to study the back after Langdon's explanation of the symbols.  I did.)  This was a fairly interesting read, but I found myself skimming pages at about the halfway point.  The scene in the Church archives was particularly tedious.  The pace picked up considerably toward the end and led to a very exciting conclusion.  If I hadn't read and enjoyed The Da Vinci Code, I doubt I would have chosen to read Angels And Demons.  I thought The Code was much better.
 As I started reading Angels and Demons, I realized the storyline seemed oddly familiar. Robert Langdon, Harvard religious iconology professor is contacted to help solve a mysterious and gruesome murder. Last time it was the death of a curator at the Lourve in Paris. This time it's Leonardo Vetra, a physicist from a nuclear research facility in Switzerland.  Vittoria Vetra, daughter of the deceased, joins forces with Langdon to help find the person not only murdered her father, but also stole a large quantity of antimatter.<br/><br/>The culprits behind the murder and stolen antimatter are revealed to be The Illuminati, an historical secret society (much like The Da Vinci Code). Why would the Illuminati want antimatter? How about to detonate it in the Vatican City in an attempt to make the Catholic church pay for its interference in Science.<br/><br/>To make matters more complicated, the pope has recently died and the four nominated bishops/potential popes are kidnapped by a madman working on behalf of the person orchestrating all the mayhem. One bishop will be executed every hour starting at 8pm until midnight, and it's up to Robert Langdon and Vittoria Vetra to find the clues leading to the location each bishop will be executed at.<br/><br/>The book reads at a frantic pace, and I won't deny that it kept me on the edge of my seat. Angels and Demons certainly is worthy of four stars, however, the novel read too much like TDVC. When I realized the simliarity to The Da Vinci Code, I played a game with myself to see if I could figure out who was the mastermind behind all the chaos. In The Da Vinci Code it was the last person you suspected. Someone the readers found amusing and someone who had proved Langdon a bad judge of character. Well, if you follow the same guidelines for Angels and Demons, you will have the name of your antimatter stealing/bishop killing psycho.<br/><br/>I still plan on seeing the movie. I just wish Brown had been a bit more original with this novel. I guess lightening does strike twice considering how many people love this book and much hype there is about the movie. I hope his next book deviates from this structure. Pretty good book overall.
 Last years and the still somewhat accelerated hype about Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" brought me to the inevitable conclusion that I should check out his work.  While I went ahead and purchased all of his available novels I wished to get straight to "The Da Vinci Code" but discovered that "Angels &amp; Demons" was the first novel featuring Robert Langdon, the prominent main character so "Angels &amp; Demons" automatically became a must read prior to "The Da Vinci Code!"<br/><br/>First and foremost, one discovers in this novel that Dan Brown is an exceptional author that creates an extraordinarily believable scenario that, in its breadth and scope, is quite scary.  I found this novel, from the narrative setup of the situation to the pacing which is non stop to be exceedingly intriguing, making this novel one to be voraciously read with few interruptions which gives great credit to Dan Brown's unique knowledge of the subjects and surroundings of this novel which includes symbology, the Catholic Church and the Illuminati.<br/><br/>The Premise:<br/><br/>Harvard University Symbology Professor Robert Langdon is awoken early one morning by an extremely odd call from the Director of CERN in Switzerland and given, what he believes, is proof that the Illuminati is still in existence despite Langdon's and the rest of his colleagues beliefs that the Illuminati is a dead secret organization.<br/><br/>Given this strange evidence, Langdon hops on a flight to Europe in the world's fastest plane and is there in an hour and begins an incredible journey through Rome and a search for clues that will bring him face to face with what he believes to be the Illuminati, all in around twenty four hours, hopefully saving Vatican City and the gathered Cardinals which are there for Conclave to elect a new Pope to replace the Pope who has recently died of a massive heart attack...<br/><br/>I highly recommend this novel to any and all that are fans of the "thriller" genre as it is one that will keep you on the edge of your seat as you're working way through it to its ultimate, most satisfying conclusion.  {ssintrepid}
 I could NOT put this book down.<br/><br/>Such a great read. Engaging storyline and wonderful character development.<br/><br/>This book does touch on what could be deemed controversial subject matter and my response and advice to that is to take this book as it's meant to be.... FICTION<br/><br/>Can't wait to read the rest of Robert Langdon books of the series
 I actually read the Da Vinci Code first and I was pleased to learn that it did not throw off any sort of ongoing story line when I read this book. It seemed to take just a bit for the action to really take place but when it did, I was turning those electronic pages as fast as possible. Robert Langdon is a very smart and approachable character and his knowledge of symbology/art helps him out of several difficult situations. Give these books a chance if you are a lover of history, art or fast paced action!
 I concur with reviewers who felt this was a somewhat flawed book but fun to read. His "Da Vinci Code" and "Digital Fortress" are also entertaining.<br/>Rather than cover other reviewers' complaints about  "bent" language and strange science, my interest is in the layout of Rome as pivotal to the plot. As a lover of science/fiction, I am prepared to allow "imaginary science," including CERN-designed batteries strong enough to contain a chaotically oscillating plasma, in order to set up a story line.<br/>My conCERN is that the Map of Rome at the beginning of the book is significantly "bent," a feature recognized by Brown as he has his protagonist Langdon try to rescue deductions about a verse of clues by Galileo Galilei. Langdon decides that the axes of the resulting asymmetric diamond/kite are what he wants, rather than the oddly shaped "kite" formed by the sites named in the story. But on the actual layout of Rome, these axes do not match the needed orientation, so the map artist  drew them so they did match (this did some really odd things to the roads around Piazza Navona).<br/>Mr. Brown gives the idea that his books are carefully researched, in part because Robert Langdon is a Harvard art historian of international standing and in part because the stories are rich in detail.<br/>I would have given this book 4 stars, but the map of its central premise "bends" the structure of Rome to match the story. Disappointing, because it would have been fun to go to Rome with the book in hand as a "tour guide."<br/>Without revealing more plot details than is necessary, let me say that there is a symmetrical Illuminatus-like "diamond" in Rome, just not the one Brown describes as "deduced" by the character Langdon.<br/>The Illuminatus "Diamond" I describe below has axes oriented parallel to those of St. Peter's Basilica: map it out for yourself, if you are interested. This "diamond" is consistent with Brown's/Galileo's (conveniently washed away) clues. I give the clue line numbers only here: if you want the exact clues with their significance to the plot, buy the book.<br/>Line One (EARTH):<br/>An earthly chapel at Santa Maria d. Popolo with a "death in flight" motif whose designer was an Illuminatus.<br/>Line Two (WATER):<br/>Santa Maria d. Angeli: redesigned from Roman baths by Michaelangelo with a floor plan that includes an equal armed cross and a holy water font by a Bernini student. It also has a meridian (path of light) that was used to regulate time in Rome.<br/>Line Three (AIR):<br/>Along the Meridian (path of light) to St. Peter's Square and a certain sculpture.<br/>Line Four (FIRE):<br/>There is an angel on a panel of the cypress door at Santa Sabina. Ancient Santa Sabina is a station church on Ash Wednesday, when ashes are distributed.<br/>The Earth-Air-Fire-Water sequence (Santa Maria d. Popolo to Saint Peter's to Santa Sabina to Santa Maria d. Angeli)) takes you around the "diamond" to the left, ending at the Lair of the Illuminati along the meridian (path of light). Check this out on a map: the orientation of this "diamond" fits with Brown's final brand of the Illuminatus, has two of his locations and requires no distortion of the map of Rome. And the garden around a certain "castle" is an incomplete 5 pointed star on the "real" map of Rome, not as pentagonal as drawn on Brown's map. However, the significance of "5" is the same. One could also play some math games with the "diamond I have suggested. By the way, there is a compass in Saint Peter's square...<br/>And if historical novels with careful scholarly footnotes are to your taste, I recommend "Gospel" by Barnhart.
 His first novel, The DaVinci Code was pure genius, based as it was on such a touchy subject for all christians. Of course, like all current best sellers, it was the draft for a screenplay that did not turn out one tenth as good as the book. But Brown here really pushes too hard, not only saving the entire Catholic Church in 24 hours, but doing it with a gorgeous, incredibly talented physicist chic. Come on, Dan, enough is enough.
 I have been looking for a good thrilling book, fast pace and intelligent book to read.  I was skeptical when my friend recomend this book and said the vatican was part of the plot and I thought another anti-christian book!!  But it is far from that and it was a really really good book.  Once I get in the middle, I could not put that book down.  While Dan Brown research is amazing, I think the book retain his fictional characteristic.  I did not go crazy and believe that is a real and actual event like other reviewers.  But it does make you wonder and asked questions.  This book was refreshing and I would recomand it to anyone who loves a good reading!
 I really like Dan Brown's books, he keeps his chapters short and concise, it makes for an easy enjoyable read. His story lines with the twists and the historical tie-ins he uses keep the books interesting and thought provoking.<br/><br/>If I had one complaint it's that his books always seem to use the same formula of characters and similar storyline but just a different time and place.<br/><br/>I am glad I read the book because there is so much more to the book than was in the movie.
 I'd love to say that I couldn't put this book down, but for the first part of this book, I'd be lying. Like "The Da Vinci Code", the introductory chapters had Harvard professor and Symbologist Robert Langdon jetting off to see a dead body, looking at clues and meeting a beautiful woman.  Unlike "The Da Vinci Code", I found myself not caring quite so much even though I found the subject more interesting - Science versus Religion, an old battle that is, in my opinion, quite fascinating.<br/><br/>The Illuminati, a centuries- old secret society of scientists appears to have resurfaced and to be taking on religion and the Catholic Church with full force. Our hero Langdon must chase the clues that take him from the dead body and an underground lab in Switzerland to the Vatican City. So far so good, but where it failed to grab me was with the dialogue between Langdon and his sidekick Vittoria, adopted daughter of murdered scientist and priest, Leonardo Vetra. Vittoria has a brilliant mind and with her father was working on some of the highest tech science in the world - proving that God's Creation is scientifically possible; yet I had to roll my eyes as Langdon explained to her that oxygen is an oxidant, or later when she had to explain some of Langdon's own contradictions.<br/><br/>Skip to Vatican City, and the books really starts to pick up the pace. The Pope has recently died and Conclave is about to begin but the four Cardinals most likely to be voted Pope are missing. Langdon, Vittoria &amp; the Swiss Guard are on a countdown to midnight to save the Vatican &amp; the four missing Cardinals from the Hassassin.<br/>Digging through Vatican archives, studying sculptures and hopping through churches, the clues keep coming. Will all the clues be there after hundreds of years? Will they save the Church? Who can they trust?  I had my own theories as the story progressed, but one thing I can say without a spoiler, is don't trust any of them!
 Dan Brown doesn't write anything bad, but the "leaps in reality" in this story make Harry Potter tales seem totally believable.
 I love this audiobook. I found that listening to this, and other books by Brown are entertaining and informative. The character of Robert Langdon is once again faced with a problem that could affect the entire world. While this book is fast paced, Brown goes into great detail to describe the locations in the book. He also gives you a bit of a history lesson when you go from location to location. This is a great mix of history and fiction.
 Take one Harvard professor, awakened by a mysterious pre-dawn telephone call from a laboratory in Switzerland regarding the murder of an imminent particle physicist; add a beautiful, albeit revenge-seeking daughter; mix with a Vatican conclave and the resurfacing of the mysterious brotherhood of the Illuminati and what you get is a thoroughly satisfying romp through Rome, hitting on all the Eternal City's most famous and fabulous sites along with some puzzling brain-teasers which will keep you on the edge of your seat and dying to arrive at that satisfying last page.<br/><br/>It may not be great literature, but the story is good and the characters interesting.  If you've been to Rome, you will enjoy the virtual tour of the arts, the sites and the ambiance.  If you're going to Rome, its a great book to bring along on that tiring trans-Atlantic flight to whet your appetite for what is to come!
 Have you ever heard someone say "Oh the movie was OK but the book was much better"?  In this case it is the opposite.  Go see the movie.  It was great.  Great screenplay.  Great acting.  Great production values.  But I made the mistake of seeing the movie before reading the book.  My wife on the other hand read the book THEN saw the movie.  Here are my complaints about the book:<br/><br/>1) Cowardly foreshadowing.  The author tells all the characters about something but leaves the reader in the dark.  This is a device to build suspence that instead builds resentment on the part of the reader.<br/><br/>2) Poor sentence structure.  e.g. He says that St. Peter's tomb is 6 stories under the Earth when he meant below the surface.<br/><br/>3) Bad science. e.g. if antimatter is 100 percent efficient vs fission which is 1.5 percent efficient then how can antimatter be 1,000 more powerful than a nuclear bomb?  Or it the amount of antimatter in the story can vaporize a half a mile, how can St. Peter's tomb or the hazmat vault at CERN contain the explosion?<br/><br/>4) Technology errors: There is a scene where the people come out into the crowd of reporters with camera lights blaring and flash-bulbs exploding.  When is the last time anybody used a flash-bulb?<br/><br/>My wife enjoyed how the movie was so different than the book.  I was annoyed reading the poorly written book after seeing the great job Ron Howard and the screenplay writers did with the movie.<br/><br/>Buy this book? As they say in Texas - El Paso.
 This is a really good story where a number of improbable elements have been put together and turned into quite a tale. I didn't entirely believe a whole bunch of it but the storytelling was so good it made up for the improbability of it all. All of was laid out in a puzzle and a chase towards a solution also which I thought was pretty cool. It kept me wanting to find out what happened next and so the book was very difficult to put down. I'm now looking forward to reading The DaVinci Code again.
 Dan Browns books get inside you and you can't put them down.  You take them with you wherever you go, yes even to the bathroom.  The plots, the characters, the history, and the incredible plot twists, I have become a huge Dan Brown fan. I loved Da Vinci code and wondered if Angels and Demons would be as good. Wow!  I was certainly not disappointed. I hated for it to end and now my only issue is which Dan Brown book to read next!  I highly recommend this book!
 Classic Dan Brown!<br/>I enjoyed this novel, as I have enjoyed other writings from this author.<br/>Even if the overall style and structure of the book are almost identical to those in other books by Dan Brown, I enjoyed the story and felt the interest to research and learn about the history and art of people and places related to the Vatican and the Catholic Church.
 What Angels &amp; Demons lacks in high quality writing, it makes up for with fun and exciting action. This being one of Dan Brown's earlier novels, its easy to see that his writing voice was less developed here than in The DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>Brown's use of inner-monologue is poorly executed here with often mundane and boring perspectives. A&amp;D would benefit from having them removed and reworked into the story. But, to Brown's credit, he has created some interesting characters. While the story arches are for the most part predictable, it is still an engaging read blending debate between science and religion.<br/><br/>If anything, characters like the carmelengo and Olvetti are reason enough to read this book. In all honesty, Langdon's character feels thin and poorly outlined. It isn't until TDC that Langdon gets a better representation.<br/><br/>A&amp;D is a perfect story to be adapted to a film. There isn't anything overtly complicated and Brown succeeded in constructing an engaging catch game of cat and mouse. Its a mystery that struggles at times to find an even pace, but ultimately keeps you wanting to see how things end. Although Brown uses plenty of mystery/ thriller cliches, I'm willing to attribute that to this being published many years ago before he developed his voice and prose more.<br/><br/>Should be interesting to see what his third chapter in the Langdon trilogy will hold.
 I read this book because a bunch of people told me I should read "The Da Vinci Code", and I learned that this was an earlier book in the same "series". I felt i should read this one first, especially since I could get it in paperback. I am not usually a thriller fan (I've only read two thrillers previously that I really liked, despite occasionally trying others).<br/>Anyway, I got the book and started reading it with some trepidation. The extremely gruesome beginning nearly put me off the book, and certainly made me think it was going to be a lot more viscerally gross than it turned out to be. However, I kept with it, and finally made it to the end. It's a pretty good book, but a couple times, I nearly threw it across the room.<br/>Other reviewers here have donee a good job of explaining what is good about the book (lots of interesting puzzles, a fast-paced twisty plot, decent pacing, the concatanation of myriad random things into a rational pattern, and some interesting philosophical issues to wrestle with), so I won't belabor them. it was a fun book to read, and at the end, I did not feel I had wasted my time, as I so often do when I read thrillers.<br/>That having been said, I found lots of things annoying about the book, and sometimes, it was hard to keep myself from flinging it out the window. The heavy-handed foreshadowing (starting with the comment on page 23 -- paperback edition -- about how some random fact he had just learned was going to save his life later tonight in another country) drove me nuts. I don't mind cardboard characters in a plot-driven novel like this, but I think that cardboard characters should refrain from changing their fundamental natures with no explanation. When the final plot twist depends on someone being other than who the reader thinks that person was, there should have been subtle signs of that earlier, which the reader can review in her mind and say, "Aha! I missed that!" Plus, the entire plot depends on Langdon's intuition being very very shrewd, so the occasional failures of his intuition were very noticeable. (like when he climbed onto the helicopter so he could make use of the random fact he had learned on page 23). Finally, the notion that a bunch of Renaissance scientists would have chosen English as their "pure language", while explained cleverly in the plot, is just too convenient, and broke my suspension of disbelief. I had to put the book down for a day or two after that happened before I could resume the roller coaster ride.<br/>I've heard that many of the heavy-handed writing problems are gone in the sequel, so I will probably read it. In the end, this book was not a waste of my time, but it did not make it onto my list of "thrillers for the ages".<br/>Oh, and comparisons to Umberto Eco simply serve to underline the deficiencies of this novel.
 So well written and an enjoy to read. I was spellbound from the moment I started reading it. Keep my interest throughout. God read.
 Sent this copy to my brother as a gift. He was crazy about it. I've read my copy three times.
 The plot twists were foreshadowed yet unexpected at the same time. Angels and Demons had me rethinking everything I previously knew about life and religion. Worth the read!
 This was a well written and mesmerizing book. I could hardly put it down most of the time. I give it a four star only because I was hoping for a bit more adventure.
 Dan Brown's books are a must for mystery lovers as well as history/religious book lovers.
 Excellent book. Grabs &amp; holds your attention. Ending a little drawn out.
 I have read all the series of Robert Langdon mysteries and I like this one the best. It is a real thriller. I understand that there will be a new one in September 2017. It will have to be very good to be better than this.
 I stumbled across this book after I read The Da Vinci Code, and realized that Angels and Demons was the first book in this series (book 3 is due out summer of '05). I loved the Code, so I naturally wanted to read this book. I loved it. His books are breathless, and by breathless I mean that the action is intense. You quickly move from one scene to another. I found it to be a page-turner, and my guess as to the ending was not quite correct. I hate books that you can guess the ending to in the first couple of chapters. Not the case for me here.<br/><br/>His characters, specifically Robert Langdon, are very likable even though the author doesn't give you much background on them. His scenery is well-described, and I had no trouble picturing the scenes.<br/><br/>I've noticed that a lot of the negative comments about the book are focused on the Catholic religion and how readers feel the author is "picking on Catholics". Some even are commenting that his facts are incorrect about certain aspects of the religion. I have only one word for their complaints and its this- "Fiction". This is a fictional story.
 I've read all of Dan Browns books and this one is my favorite.  I loved his descriptions of the Vatican and Vatican City, the numerous works of art and the action in such a memorable place.  It felt like I was there.<br/><br/>I've read this book in paper form and on my Kindle.  The only complaint I have in the Kindle edition is that the word "Camarlengo" is misspelled 613 times. It's spelled "Camarlegno", which really detracted from the reading of it.  "Carabinieri" is also misspelled, but doesn't appear in the book nearly as many times.
 Great series of books from a great science fiction writer
 What an adventure...so many twists and turns! I didn't want to put the book down.
 First off, I enjoyed this book, especially the second half when the plot thickens and twists unpredictably. I read the entire second half in one sitting. I also liked the photographs and maps in this illustrated edition, which I found helpful to trace the action and ponder the symbolism.<br/><br/>Having said that, the book suffers from drawbacks that puts it well out of the league of good literature. I am not sure if this is because it's Dan Brown's first book, not having read others.<br/><br/>The writing style is completely amateurish. I found it too wordy, slowing me down when the plot is supposed to be action-oriented and fast paced. Things are explained ad nauseum, with much repetitiveness, insulting the reader's intelligence. There are many irrelevant details and descriptions. For example, Robert Langdon, upon entering a church or a room, first takes the time to survey the place, admiring the artwork, even when he well knows there's a killer in the room. Something about this kind of timing irks me. The whole novel is supposed to happen in the span of a few hours, but I cannot believe so much action could take place, not at the pace it is written out in.<br/><br/>More annoying is the language used. Every character, whether Italian, CERN scientist, Harvard Professor, Vatican Cardinal, Swiss Guard, or British reporter speaks with the same accent, peppered with "I'll be d*mned". At least one "D*mn" has to pop up on every page. It cuts the believability of the story and constantly reminds me I am reading a work of fiction - an imperfectly-crafted one at that.<br/><br/>As many other reviewers pointed out, the characters are unreal. A Harvard professor who is a champion diver and swims 50 laps a day? The author has no idea of the amount of time and devotion it takes to be a successful academic.<br/><br/>There were also problems with the research and with consistency. The editors could have done a better job spotting those things. A poison that darkens the gums, then the tongue is found to be black. A Middle Eastern assassin who "speaks Islamic"  Islam is a religion, not a language], with a "cold Middle Eastern accent"  Middle Eastern accents I heard can be described as anything but cold]. The springtime sun in Rome setting at 9 PM? Even in midsummer the Mediterranean sun barely makes it past 8 PM. Or how about the scientist who secretly works on the CERN accelerator late at night to produce anti-matter?  Large accelerators are operated 24 hours and there are several people in the operator room at all times].<br/><br/>The greatest faux pas of all? The Rome in which action was taking place, at 7 PM, 8 PM appears as if it was deserted. This is quite unlike my experience of Rome, with mountains and mountains of people, packed piazzas, packed churches, packed tourist sites.<br/><br/>In summary, I enjoyed it, but I won't bother reading his other books. Go straight to the movie instead.
 Perfect condition! I read this book in 2 days, it is so good!
 I like Dan Brown's books but I don't know what constitutes a "great" writer.  I like this book.  It was intriguing, suspenseful and hard to put down.  Good reading for an old man that reads just for enjoyment.
 This is the second time I have read this book and found it just as compelling as the first time.  Dan Brown has a unique way of drawing the reader in with his opening scenes as he sets the pace for the entire book.  His characters immediately come to life through masterful imagery and suspense.  A great read!<br/><br/>Barbara Miller, author
 I love a book that can tell a great story without being overly predictable. Just when you think you have figured out the mysteries and all the bad guys, you are thrown for a loop and have to rethink everything you originally thought in the first place! With this book you get the mystery of secret societies, faith, and science. I highly recommend this book and will be reading it again myself very soon.
 I liked the book.  This was a page turner.  I really enjoyed the twists and turns in the plot and in the characters.  I was guessing the villian up to the end.  It was really exciting reading.  I enjoyed the characters and the depth to which John Brown went to develop them.
 From the first few pages it becomes evident that this is a book you won't want to put down. Dan Brown's knowledge of art, architect and history mixed with his imagination and masterful writing creates another exciting adventure for his readers.  Full of twists and turns I found this to be an excellent read. Well done Mr. Brown!
 Angels and Demons is the story of the Illuminati and their plot to destroy Vatican City. This group was formed many centuries ago by men of science who were threatened and punished by the church due to their discoveries, most of them against the catholic paradigm. In this novel, the group was far from being extinct and they return for their final revenge: to use their ultimate weapon to destroy their enemy.<br/><br/>The novel is highly entertaining. I personally found it better than Da Vince Code, and the end is astonishing.
 Illustrated version is lovely.  I enjoy seeing the scenes described in the novel, as I have in person while visiting Rome.  A number of the areas, though, I have not visited, and this illustrated version helps with the visualization.
 I just got back from Rome, Italy and took the Angels and Demons Tour offered by Mr. Sergio Caggia's company, Nerone and Rome Made to Measure at  ...]  The tour lasted 8+ hours for us, or they can split it up into two 6 hour days, depending on the clients schedule.  Let me put it this way, If you liked this book, you will love this tour!  Sergio's guides, we had Mauro, are University graduates, extremely qualified,can get you in to places you could never get to on you own, and make this book come alive. The way I figured it, this tour saved us at least three days of trying to do on our own, as the cab drivers had never heard of some of the locations.  This great book is worth a trip to Rome.
 The book is not great if you are a devoted Catholic. But if you can tolerate the blasphemy it is a well written book until the end.  At which point it becomes more fantastical than the book's premise should allow.  I think the a phallacy of all religions is the way people chose to exercise their beliefs.  Mr. brown uses that weakness well to weave the story around the history of Rome and Vatican City.
 A really good long book. Worth the time to read it<br/><br/>I guess Amazon makes you do really long review too.
 Great book but glad I saw the movie prior to reading the book.  So much more information in the book than in the movie but I still enjoyed both.
 Perhaps I should have read this Dan Brown novel BEFORE I read Da Vinci Code. Perhaps then I wouldn't be so disappointed in this slow-paced, oft predictable, &amp; inexplicably BORING book! I was SO excited to read this novel, after all, Da Vinci Code is my favorite book of all time, but I quickly learned that this book was NOTHING like its attention-captivating successor. The plot is cumbersome and the ending is just plain STUPID!<br/><br/>I have to give credit where credit is due, though. The ambigrams were amazing, and I appreciated the fact that the author gave his audience some visuals to aid in an otherwise boring reading experience. I also like the fact that I was able to learn from the novel. It was very informative, and one could easily tell that there was a vast amount of research put into the book. Also, at the end of the day, you can still tell that Brown is a very imaginative &amp; descriptive author.<br/><br/>But I have to give my overall opinion in this review: THE BOOK SUCKED!!!
 I had been very impressed by DIGITAL FORTESS, Dan Brown's first novel, and found his treatment of a complex subject matter both knowledgeable and compelling. I had then missed the publication of ANGELS AND DEMONS, but felt that he had overplayed his hand in his third novel DECEPTION POINT, which started with an interesting premise but wandered into unnecessary complexity and violence and ultimately complete implausibilty. With the publication of THE DA VINCI CODE, upon learning that Robert Langdon is the central character in both DA VINCI and ANGELS, I decided to first read ANGELS in order to keep the stories in sequence. This is a mesmerizing page turner as long as you accept the author's central technological premises concerning scientific achievements in the near future.<br/>Robert Langdon, a professor of iconography and religious symbology at Harvard, is awakened by a telephone call from Maximilian Kohler, head of a prestigious European scientific institute. One of Kohler's fellow scientists has been murdered and an ancient symbol burned into his chest. Langdon feels compelled to investigate, and soon finds himself in the midst of a plot involving not only the death of Leonardo Vetra, a priest who is the world's leading antimatter researcher, but of the revival of a centuries old vendetta by a secret society, The Illuminati, against the Catholic Church. Langdon is forced by circumstances and the nature of the threat to join forces with Vittoria Vetra, Leonardo's adopted daughter, in an attempt to uncover the Illumunati's secret and halt not only several additional murders which have been threatened but the destruction of The Vatican itself.<br/>Incredibly, the entire story takes place within a time span of just over twelve hours, which adds to the compelling nature of the action. The book is typical Dan Brown, meticulously  researched (despite the complaints of a few reviewers about some details), with lots of interesting information about a variety of subjects related to religion, the Vatican, art, science and morality. It is a well constructed story, with several plot twists and enough misdirection to make it extremely difficult to anticipate the conclusion. (I doubt that the outcome was as expected by those critical reviewers who didn't finish the book after identifying their choice for the "obvious villian". I also did not feel that the story was at all anti- Catholic, in fact the author met with the Pope and was helped by the Vatican during his research efforts.) While there are several gruesome scenes, they are integral to the context of the story and the violence is usually minimized and only briefly described.<br/>The real bonus of reading this story is the wonderfully well articulated discussion of the tension between science and religious faith, which forms the heart of the story. The last section of the book has a particularly insightful monologue in this regard, but the subject infuses the whole discussion woven into the plot concerning the historical conflict between the Illuminati and the Church. For instance, early in the book Vittoria challenges Langdon's evasion concerning his apparent lack of a belief in God with the observation "I did not ask if you believe what man says about God. I asked if you believed in God. There is a difference."<br/>In addition, the book is almost worth reading just for the ambigrams (words or phrases which read the same right side up or upside down) which Dan Brown had created. These are truly works of art and their design is incredibly clever and beautiful. Finally, if you are familiar with Philips Exeter Academy, the author's alma mater, you will also have the fun of recognizing the source of the names of several of the characters referenced in the book.
 Put simply, this is one of the best books I've ever read.  DaVinci Code was excellent, but Angels &amp; Demons was more compelling.<br/>I would recommend this book to lovers of Indiana Jones / Raiders Of The Lost Ark.  The book is very plot-driven so don't expect deep characters here, but it is the first appearance of Robert Langdon - Brown's symbologist main character - who becomes more developed during The DaVinci Code.  At the same time, the plot moves at such a fast pace that you feel very much in Langdon's shoes as he tries to sort out who is and who is not entangled in the plot to destroy St. Paul's Basilica in Rome.<br/>This is a great adventure - lots of action, twists and turns, and just enough facts to make the whole story believable (just don't look too deep!).
 Overall, I enjoyed the story although it is very detailed-oriented.<br/><br/>I particularly enjoyed the background information about the Catholic/Christian church and their murderous history of scientists as a public statement in which opposing opinions/beliefs will not be tolerated.  Of course this is not surprising considering how many bible toting pro-life activists contradict their own cause by bombing &amp; taking lives at abortion clinics.<br/><br/>Additionally, I appreciated the unveiling of the origins of the Illuminati and understanding how they currently infiltrate prominent organizations throughout the world.  As someone who reads more political non-fiction than fiction, I have only run across snippets of information regarding the Illuminati and their  more current covert (&amp; sinister) activities.  Even moreso, I relished the name-dropping of past &amp; possibly-present Illuminati members.<br/><br/>Luckily for me, I read Angels &amp; Demons prior to the DaVinci Code so I fully enjoyed Brown's first Langdon yarn moreso than most reviewers who read them out of order.  Regardless, I still recommend this scientific-religious thriller.
 Dan Brown takes you on a journey into modern day Rome and Vatican City. Place that only a few fortunate people will ever see. Rome is a city which is built upon thousands of years of history and ruins. Most of modern society don't even realize this.
 This is the second Dan Brown novel I have read, the first being Digital Fortress, which I liked much more than Angels &amp; Demons. Digital Fortress was simple, but pulled me in the moment I opened the book. Angels &amp; Demons really took a while for me to get into- it wasn't until 260 pages in that I was like, okay, now it's getting good. One reason why it was difficult for me to get into the book was because it often teetered on realistic and completely unrealistic. I need a book to be one or the other, like these events could truly happen, or this is all total make-believe. I highly recommend the illustrated edition of Angels &amp; Demons, it helped exponentially with images of artifacts the book spoke of and it helped not have to go to my phone for clarification every other page. The book was good, and next I will be reading Deception Point, then The Da Vinci Code, but I have a feeling it's all going to be very repetitive. Dan Brown has a good formula, I just hope he has mixed it up in these other novels.
 The college of cardinals are meeting to elect a new pope. The key characters are: Maximilian Kohler,head of the Swiss scientific research facility CERN, Robert Langdon, a professor of religious iconology at Harvard, Leonardo Vetra a physicist at CERN and his daughter Vittoria a beautiful scientist, Hassassin a master assassin, Cardinal Mortati the overseer of the sanctified event and the carmerlengo Carlo Ventresca. There are clues that the Illuminati are involved in the murders of Leonardo Vetra as well as four preferito cardinals who were the favored candidates to become the next pope. To further complicate things an anti-matter device that could destroy the Vatican is stolen from CERN. Plenty of spine tingling excitement in this excellent read. Who will prevail?
 Dan Brown grabs your attention from the first page and takes you on the epic hunt for ancient enemies. His words visually lead you through the high tech world of CERN to the ancient majesty of the Vatican and the streets of Rome. Robert Langdon is the perfect hero, not too handsome, but highly intellectual, able to adapt to any given situtation and figure a way out, all while wearing a turtleneck sweater and a harrison twead. Well worth reading!!
 I love this book and was looking for a hardcover copy to replace my worn paperback. Great seller, fast shipping and book was as described. Thanks!
 After reading "The Da Vinci Code" (which I enjoyed very much), I knew I eventually wanted to read "Angels and Demons." After the death of John Paul II, I went ahead and ordered the book because I thought it would be even more interesting to read it while an actual conclave was in progress so I could see how fiction lived up to reality.<br/><br/>"Angels and Demons" is actually a prequel to "The Da Vinci Code." Once again, the character of Robert Langdon is central to the story. When renowned scientist Dr. Leonardo Vetra is murdered at a Swiss research lab, Robert is summoned to help decipher a mysterious symbol that was burned into the victim's chest. All the clues point to the involvement of the Illuminati, an ancient group of scientists that supposedly disbanded years ago. One mystery leads to another, and eventually Langdon and Vetra's daughter, Vittoria, journey to Rome in search of a missing vial containing a substance called antimatter, which has been stolen with the intention of being used to blow up Vatican City. There also happens to be a conclave going on, and four cardinals who are considered to be prime papal contenders suddenly disappear as well. Robert and Vittoria desperately attempt to decipher ancient clues in order to find the killer, save the cardinals, and preserve Vatican City.<br/><br/>Even though "Angels and Demons" is a work of fiction, it offers a surprisingly accurate description of the procedures that take place during a papal conclave. Of course, in typical Dan Brown style, the storyline is somewhat farfetched, but also unbelievably exciting. The one major criticism I have is that "Angels and Demons" basically follows the same plot outline as "The Da Vinci Code," which strikes me as being pretty unimaginative on the author's part...then again, I still enjoyed this book in spite of its predictability, so maybe Brown just took a formula he knew would work and decided to run with it. There's no real harm in that.<br/><br/>I was also a bit disappointed by the "surprise twist" that was revealed in the final forty pages of the book. The extent of the camerlengo's involvement and the whole idea that he was actually the pope's illegitimate son was a little too much to swallow. I would have been happier if Max Kohler had been the brainpower behind the whole operation...that just seems a bit more plausible.<br/><br/>In spite of its shortcomings, I have to admit that "Angels and Demons" was a very entertaining read. I found it just as fascinating as "The Da Vinci Code," and I probably enjoyed it more because I've been so captivated by the recent John Paul II/conclave coverage in the media. If you're interested in religious history and love a good conspiracy theory, then this is definitely the book for you.
 The gruesome scenes in the beginning and flashbacks to the horrific violence are not my taste in entertainment.  Of course, violence cannot be denied.  We know it happened in history and continues to happen, but I don't consider such realistic depiction of blood and horror as necessary to make a story interesting.
 Second or third time I've read this book. Always amazes me. The writing is excellent! The characters are well written, fleshed out and likeable.  The plot is riveting with enough detail, history and information to make it very believable. Just an excellent book all the way around!
 From start to finish, Dan Brown kept me fascinated.  I had read The DaVinci Code several years ago, and my son told me that, in fact, Angels &amp; Demons was the first, and even better.  He was right.  This is a great novel.  Now, I'm going to have to read DaVinci Code again.  Like the authors of top-notch thrillers, Brown gets you on the first page, and leaves you breathless when you have finished.
 What a great book.  If you skip any pages, you may never figure it all out.  Dan Brown is an excellent author able to keep the reader turning the pages until the very end.  This book had quite a surprising ending that seems to be the formula in Dan Brown's other books - I have read them all and they are all excellent.<br/><br/>The pictures add a certain reality to the story, even though it is fictional, that was worth the extra dollars.  Having never been to Italy, it added a great visualization to see the actual places and art referred to in the story.<br/><br/>If you like mystery thrillers with a twist you never expect towards the end, this is your story.  2 Thumbs up to Dan Brown for another great novel.
 I could picture this as an "edge of your seat" thriller movie with intrigue and action throughout. Just when you're convinced all is resolved, a series of revelations and plot twists ensue. It was like a roller coaster ride for me with three extra loops at the end.
 This book provides great mystery reading of biblical references associated with the Catholic Church and the evil within man, I was enthralled with the story line and the character developed net and the surprised revaluation toward the end. This really is a great novel and I will follow up with reading entire series hoping for the same mysterious exiting reads.
 Dan Brown is a really good writer.  He manages to engage you within about 20 pages and is hard to put down from that point on.  The movie was pretty faithful to the book despite the lack of cooperation with Ron Howard from the Vatican.
 This is written better than the DaVinci code, though the subject matter isn't quite so compelling.  That said, I love books that take you all over the place.  This is kind of a travelogue of Rome.  And CERN, if my memory serves.  (I read this a while ago.)  It's a fun read and I like Robert Langdon.  And now that I picture Tom Hanks as the lead, it makes the books even more fun.
 This book, containing both Angels &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci Code, has a nice cover with a dust jacket. It does have clear signs of usage, however this was stated in the description, so I will only remove one star. But apart from that, it's a fairly small price for this product!
 This book was purchased for a person who enjoys Dan Brown books
 A great read and fast paced! I recommend this highly. I am looking forward to his next new book. I love the way the chapters are short. They are just long enough to get one interested and then that story is dropped &amp; another chapter does the same thing. . I will read myself blind, almost, to get back to the main characters.
 I got this book because I saw part of the movie based on it but fell asleep and missed the end. It starts a little slow but as I read it pulled me in.  I read the last third of the book in one day. The rest took me about a month to get through. There was a lot about the Church in this book.  The validity of what is said is beyond my knowledge, but it is believable.
 This is a spell binding story and with an ending I never saw coming. It is well worth the read.
 Dan Brown does an amazing job intertwining facts with fiction! I can't believe I waited this long to read this series. I'm just beside myself with how much I enjoyed this read. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
 If you haven't read the is yet, you should read it.
 The first sentence tells you much of what you need to know about Brown's writing: "High atop the steps of the Pyramid of Giza". What's the problem? There is no pyramid that is referred to as "the Pyramid of Giza". There are three large pyramids at Giza (6 total). There are also no steps on the Giza pyramids, although I could forgive Brown for his poor word choice in that respect if he were not consistently guilty of poor word choice throughout the book.<br/><br/>People who are poorly educated enjoy Brown's writing because he introduces them to concepts and places with which they are unfamiliar. They do not know that his descriptions of these concepts and places are often inaccurate. They're not aware that Brown, despite allegedly having been an English teacher, is not always comfortable with the English language. On the other hand, if you're a college grad with rudimentary English skills and some familiarity with basic historical themes and scientific concepts, you might find Brown's writing somewhat annoying.<br/><br/>Fifty years ago we had popular writers like Edgar Rice Burroughs who wrote exciting escapist potboilers. Brown appeals to many of the same readers with the distinction that Burroughs was a far better writer than Brown.<br/><br/>I do give Brown two stars rather than one because he does have some story telling ability.
 Great gift!
 Gripping!!
 Couldn’t put it down. Now I see what everyone is talking about with Dan Brown!  Getting the next one right next one right now.
 I was drawn into this book until the last thirty percent. I then became lost in the discussions between the characters who rambled on. The book should have ended in the 500s instead of the 700s. Saying all of that, I still cannot wait to read the next book by this author. He is exceedingly talented and I simply loved INFERNO.
 It would be hard to describe the book without spoiling plot.  So I'll just say the partnership of religion and science here kept me on my toes.  Every time I thought Brown was foreshadowing in direction "X", he led me down path "Y".  Sometimes even path "Q" that I hadn't even considered.  You won't find this novel boring.
 Even better than the movie, but I would love to see a Kindle Illustrated edition just like the one for The Lost Symbol. Being able to double tap on images within the book was so much more engaging than having to close the book, open up wikipedia, and search for images every time a piece of art etc was mentioned.
 You are kept on the edge as you read the book and you can't put it down , so you keep reading.
 Quick to read page turner.  Not the great American Novel, poorly written.
 Replacement for my "disappeared" copy.
 I picked this book, because I read "The Da Vinch Code" and I wanted to check out other Dan Brown books.<br/><br/>I actually bought the small paperback and after finish reading it, I found out that there was a Special Illustrated Edition of this book, and I had to have it! Because when I was reading the small paperback without the illustrations, it was hard to imagine the places.  I wish I knew about this Illustrated Edition. I loved it! In my opinion, "Angeles and Demons" is better than "The Da Vinch Code". I have heard that "Angeles and Demons" is going to be a movie. If it's true, I could hardly wait. And I hope it's not going to be like the movie version of "The Da Vinch Code".
 Not a bristling page-turner as I could put it aside for days and read other things.  A few of the hero's feats are a little much to ingest. Otherwise well researched as descriptions of the secrets of the Vatican seem realistic. But, who tells jokes when there's finally a chance for romance with the beautiful girl?  Not James Bond.
 I both very much like and dislike this book. I found it both engrosing and hard to put down but I also found it to too often delved into the improbable and the impossible.  My first alarm was with the mach 15 aircraft that traveled from Boston to Switzerland in one hour.  Plenty of twists and turns in the plot but they were often predictable; I spotted the bad guy way earlier than I liked and I found the ending to be very contrived to the extreme.  Yes, it was a very captivating story but that was in spite of itself.
 Dan Brown is a scholar. He has written on many subjects and demonstrates expertise in each.  American history remains my passion but I enjoyed this diversion.
 Well written and a great plot
 The book was better than the movie. It was much more intense than the movie, but the book was great. I would recommend this book to anybody who wants a page turner. from page one it hooked me. Science and religion are two sides of the same coin. And their are zealots on both sides because neither side wants to bridge the gap. I recommend this book 1000%
 In this Dan Brown book, Angels and Demons, Robert Langdon (who so many became familiar with in The Da Vinci Code, though this book was written before The Da Vinci Code) is on a mission to save the Vatican and figure out the mysterious Illuminati.<br/>Dan Brown again provides a book full of information about history, religion and science - making this book educational as well as thoroughly enjoyable.  This book is full of suspense, twists and turns and surprises!  It's a great story, and anyone who enjoyed The Da Vinci Code will love this book as well.  I highly recommend it!
 I just cannot fault Dan Brown. he really does tell a fabulous story. This book is another one that has had me reading it at every opportunity. Robert Langdon is of course the hero of the day, but this story has some twists and turns. I was eager to see who the "baddie" was. I have not been disappointed in any Dan Brown books and this one was no exception.
 If I could give it 3.5 I would, but forcing my hand I'd say 3. It's really pretty solid, engaging, fast paced with reasonably likable characters.<br/><br/>But one to many twists at the end left me with whiplash. Also I know this was published when the concept of Illuminati wasn't so beat to death, but 15 years later it makes the book feel a little dated.
 True, the character development is weak, and, true, the author either makes mistakes with or takes liberties with some of the historical references.  Also, this book is short on the interesting, even if arguable, historic tidbits that made the Da Vinci code so intriguing.  Finally, the helicopter sequence at the end was way too far over the top for my taste.<br/>Despite these significant flaws, I gave it five stars simply because I could not put it down.
 I bought new, however this book is clearly used.
 If you enjoy action and thrillers, you'll love this book!  From the first to the last chapter, I couldn't help but to eat it all up. The main character, John Langdon, reminds me of a cross between Carl Jung and Indiana Jones. While I didn't verify his facts nor cared to, I found this book to be similar to a Die Hard movie. Full of action with incredible stunts. If you read this book for the entertainment aspect and not for facts, you'll have a great read from beginning to end!
 Dan Brown at his best! Brown weaves an intricate story interlaced with a fascinating history of the Papal Conclave. Couldn't put the book down once I started reading it.
 Probably Dan Brown' s best book. The  author sets out a murder mystery in the context of  a science v. religion debate venued in and around Vatican City. The author evenly takes pokes at science, religion and the news media. The ending changed the way I will henceforth think about yoga. Mikogni@aol
 Another great audio book! You won't be disappointed!
 While I haven't actually read the entire book yet, so far so good... I did, however, want to leave a comment/review on the product itself for any future potential buyers.<br/><br/>In the description, it says that this book is illustrated - and that is not a joke. There are pictures on every 3 pages it seems (slight exaggeration here) and the book itself is large... like 8.5x11 large. Keep that in mind if you are trying to decide between this version of the book and the mass paperback version. I am deployed to a far away country right now and I should have bought the mass paperback version, simply because it is a challenge to lay in bed to read it... Quite honestly, it is easier to read it at a desk and then, with the size of the book &amp; the pictures - it feels more like a text book.<br/><br/>Anyway, for what it's worth - that is my assessment on the actual physical product - not so much the story, simply because I know I will enjoy the story as I love all of Dan Brown's works.
 Dan Brown fan. Did not disappoint.
 Dan Brown certainly builds an interesting Vatican story including the murder of several important priests.  My problem is the story just kept going on and on and on.  The climax included a James Bond kind of miraculous ending and of course  a beautiful lady.  One needs many days off to read such a book.  Lynn in Jacksonville OR
 The original Angels &amp; Demons, in paperback with no images, was amazing enough.  Following the story along with the artwork, technology, and history laid out in full-color images is amazing.  Small note for those purists out there, there have been changes made to the book from the original paperback version.  His Italian was apparently off by quite a bit the first time around, and has been changed.  There are also small grammar, spelling, and punctuation changes throughout.  The major change is the Italian though.  A great book, and highly recommended as a gift or for the first-time Dan Brown reader.
 This is my favorite book of all times, I can't say enough about it, I just love the Plot, the story and the characters in the book. If I could give it 10 stars I would.... People read the book because the movie its just not the same, the book is 100% better.
 Fiendishly contorted plans, life-threatening catastrophes, torture, and murder. Regrettably, I'm not referring here to elements of this Dan Brown thriller, but to his unforgivable treatment of the novel form and the English language. ANGELS AND DEMONS is a true potboiler, a ghoulish goulash of wacky science, paranoid religious cultism, history seen through conspiracy theorist eyes, and a cast of cardboard caricature characters, all served up with the kind of writing (dialog, descriptions, character development, similes, and metaphors) for which one might faintly praise a high school student. Consider just one example, in the book's early pages, when the story's hero receives a disturbing fax: "...a wave of nausea hit him...he stammered...the breath went out of him.  Clever, yes?] It was like he had been hit by a truck.  How original!!] Barely able to believe his eyes...  Nice cliché] Stunned...collapsed in a chair. He sat in utter bewilderment....trembling." He was apparently upset, wouldn't you say? Or are you unconscious after being beaten over the head so many times in just a single page?<br/><br/>With one hundred and thirty-seven action-driven chapters, the book is all plot, much the way a Marvel comic book like Spiderman is all plot, and about as equally deep. Forget the story line; it's far too circuitous to unravel in a short review. Suffice to say that the plot involves antimatter research at CERN, the search for scientific proof of God's existence as the Creator described in Genesis (the Biblical version of the Big Bang), the Vatican, a Papal death, the College of Cardinals, the Swiss Guard, Galileo, the seventeenth century sculptor Gian Lorenzo Bernini, an Enlightenment era, anti-religious, scientific sect called the Illuminati, an Arab assassin, traitors within the highest reaches of the Catholic Church, cryptic puzzles and ancient crypts, ancient Vatican archives and worldwide asset lists, wheelchairs, helicopters, free falls, horrific human brandings followed by even more horrific killings, ambitious CNN reporters, and of course, Robert Langdon (later to become Tom Hanks).<br/><br/>Oh, lest we forget, there's also the coolly attractive and victimized younger woman, the brainy but sexually-inviting yoga practitioner Vittoria Vetra, who naturally becomes the older and stodgier Mr. Langdon's irrestible, nearly-at-first-sight love interest. Vittotia, whose father dies, horribly murdered, in the book's early pages and finds herself madly romantically involved less than twenty-four hours later. Vittoria, whom Mr. Brown clearly manages to prohibit from seeing her father's mangled body at CERN but who later relates another dead body's horrible final condition to that of her father's despite not having seen it. Vittoria, who improbably utters word for word the same sentence Brown uses in an opening dream scene of Langdon's, a pathetic attempt at a hoary literary technique. Such unforgivably lazy writing!<br/><br/>ANGELS AND DEMONS is designed to do one thing and one thing only: present a story line so breathless, the reader will get sucked in without realizing how utterly outrageous it all is. Each plot twist and turn becomes more outlandish until, by the end, the story tips over into the realm of a lunatic fantasy. No matter that the characters have the emotional depth of high school students. No matter that each is singularly one-dimensional. No matter that a Harvard professor of symbology can engage a trained terrorist in hand-to-hand combat and survive assorted improbable threats to his life. Only the rapid-fire story line matters, and in that, Mr. Brown succeeds despite its very inanity (as when, for example, Langdon, now suddenly discovering himself to be a Bernini expert on some of his most obscure works, cannot seem to recall one of the sculptor's most famous masterpieces, the Fontana del Quattro Flumi).<br/><br/>It's hardly a wonder that ANGELS AND DEMONS (first published in 2000) was little known before the outsized success of THE DA VINCI CODE (2003). The book is an embarrassment, an assault on both the English language and on readers' sensibilities. Not to mention the preposterous and pompous, "can't we all just get along" moralizing in the book's closing chapters. The whole affair makes Marvel comic books look like members of the Western literary canon by comparison. As escapist literature, ANGELS AND DEMONS succeeds only to the extent one seeks to escape from any semblance of reality (or literature) as we know it.<br/><br/>As of this writing, some 2,300 reviews, with well over 1,500 of them rating the book a 4 or a 5. As H.L. Mencken once wrote, "No one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American public." Truer words were never spoken.
 I enjoy Dan Brown's writing so much. I feel swept along with Robert Langdon and friends. So fast moving. I love the way he brings us along.
 My husband has been telling me for years to read the Robert Langdon series and I kept putting him off. Bad decision. Read Da Vinci code and loved it. Just finished Angels &amp; Demons and can't wait for more. Brown has a way of writing that lets you completely engulf yourself in the story. I couldn't wait to pick up the book and hated putting it down.
 Dan Brown writes about real places and describes them in such detail that one feels as if they have been there.
 Angels and Demons was another suspenseful, intriguing read from Dan Brown.  I thought it might have been a bit predictable, especially toward the end but enjoyed it none the less.<br/>It had me reading long into the night to get through their one day of mystery.<br/>I will definitely pick up another of his books soon.
 if you like to read then this book for you
 What a great read!  Like most other great books, it is much better than the movie.
 Great book - where other books would end, this one kept going.  A new twist and turn, one after another.  This is the 2nd Dan Brown book I have read.  I fully intend to read all of his books in the near future.
 Good read, but I think the later books in the series are even better
 I'm very pleased with my Amazon purchase and the shipping cost. I ended up getting three copies of this book. One LARGE PRINT for bed time and a paperback for reading at work. And the hardback copy with illustrations from Amazon. Thank you very much.
 I found this book to be very slow going.  Took me quite a while to read it.  The subject matter was interesting.  It was just too wordy.  Could have been a little more succinct.
 This book had me on the edge of my seat almost throughout.  A great yarn, well told with plenty of suspense.
 Absolutely mesmerizing!  I could not put it down!  A must read for those wanting historical fiction.  Very well written.  I cannot wait to read the next book.
 Probably my favorite of the Dan Brown books. I find it interesting how people attack this man for writing fiction. If we cannot look at ourselves and the world and what it consisits of and laugh, cry, and decide to become better then we are in a sorry state.<br/><br/>  Thanks Dan for writing such good reading entertainment.<br/><br/>Scotty
 I love the way the author keeps you riveted to the book, making you want more and more; plus so much of the places and organizations he incorporates into the book are authentic.
 Dan Brown has produced a thriller that not only is  a page-turner, but also covers a wide range of subjects as its protagonists fight an ancient enemy through the monuments of Rome.  From nuclear physics through  Renaissance art, the reader is swept along a path that will lead to a  reluctance to turn out the light and go to bed, as the twists and turns of  the plot force another page to be turned, and then another.  Dan Brown's  gift is to make it all connect in a plot that reads as if it came right  from tomorrow's headlines.  Dark and light, good and evil, religion and  science all wind through Angels and Demons in unexpected patterns.  A  warning--you'll find it hard to put down and even harder to forget.
 Dan Brown's research and attention to details is astounding.  Plus he has the knack of incorporating it into some very entertaining stories.  Full marks for his writing ability and a big thank you for the interesting information I have gleaned from his writing. Especially like the Robert Langdon character.  Well worth a read!
 I read this after reading DaVinci Code and felt like I really should have read it first.  Langdon is really brought into his own in this story and it explains a lot about his character in the next book.  The plot is that of Angles and Daemons and you will be surprised to know who is who.  Yet another murder mystery you will be working hard to figure out exactly, "who done it", until almost completion.  An excellent read!
 Great book with many twists and turns throughout.  Just when you think you have figured out the plot, it takes you in a new direction.
 Brown is a religious dilitant.  Playing one extreme ignorance against another as he did in his prior work.  People who have never read the bible take Brown as a true research expert....much as we "hippies" took Carlos Casteneda, as a true researcher of Mexican witchcraft.<br/><br/>It sounds real to the unlearned.  But all it does is undermine the faith of many..if they are not well armed by checking Browns conflicts with the Bible.
 BIGGEST DAN BROWN FAN AND I AM NOT AN AVID READER. I bought this to ship it to my sister so she can marvel over his work.
 I bought the book for my son who was in Jail, these were at his request which helped since I am a Prime Member with free shipping and the books he requested are at decent price.
 Certainly a page turner but it seemed to lack the depth and story telling prowess that was in the Da Vinci Code. I found myself wanting to explore beyond what I already thought about the Holy Grail after reading the Da Vinci Code, but not so much with this book. The movie of the Da Vinci code was not nearly as interesting as the book due to the many conversational scenes, this book seemed to be more geared towards creating an exciting movie. Now let's see if the movie will live up to that.
 First time I read it I did so at too fast a pace.  The second time I enjoyed the desire it gave me to learn the parts that were actual history or true.
 Great plot, loved the twist at the end, and I thought the book was very suspenseful. I gotta say this book was hard to put down!
 As usual I loved another work produced by Dan Brown. He takes you to a place you have never been before, but feel as if you know it like the back of your hand. I would highly recommend this book to the scify lover. It's a page turner. However, if you are in a rush to get to the damn story and do not want to learn the history on a certain price of art, this is not the book for you. Lol
 I love Dan Brown's writing. He has a way of keeping you on the edge of your chair while not giving away too much. This one is a little gory at times. However, if you are the least bit familiar with Rome you will thrill as you race between well known and less known landmarks to solve the puzzle.
 I really enjoyed the Da Vinci Code, so I decided to buy another of Dan Brown's novels.  As I was reading the first ten pages, I had to look at the cover again to make sure I was reading the right book.  It sounded extraordinarily similar to my previous read.  That sort of set the tone in my mind as I went through the book.  It's set in a different location than the Da Vinci Code, but I found many strikingly similar themes and events.  He does well in weaving historical events to the fiction.  I enjoyed his references to famous landmarks throughout his book.  The ending was hard to believe, but afterall, it is fiction.  All in all, this is a great read if you have never read the Da Vinci Code, or if you loved it and don't mind "reading it again."
 Entertaining the whole way through - I could not put it down!
 Brown captivates his readers with massive amounts of research wound into a 100% believable story wrapped in layer after laver of intrigue.  A fantastic book.  I highly recommend it for everybody...well perhaps ISIS wouldn't care for it.
 dan brown is such a great writer. unlike some reviewers who give readers half of the plot, i do not want to know what is going to happen just let me say it is very hard to just reading"just one more page".A definite read again book
 Loved this book, very interesting and easy to read.
 While I enjoyed The Da Vinci Code more, Angels &amp; Demons was a fun, hard-to-put-down read.  Dan Brown knows how to keep his readers' attention.  I did find one little part of the story toward the end to be a little hard to swallow, but I won't say what it is here as I don't want to spoil it for anyone.<br/><br/>If you like fast-paced mystery/thrillers, then you should enjoy Angels &amp; Demons.
 I really enjoyed this book as at kept the momentum up all the way to the end, and it was hard to figure out who done it.... I did not work it out.so from that point of view it was a really enthralling book, albeit a little gruesome at times.
 I'm a Dan Brown fan - of course Tom Hanks helps a lot
 Dan tells a great story with lots of historical and artistic sidelights woven in.
 Don't start this book unless you have time on your hands! You won't be able to put it down! Dan continued his theme from previous books and pulled you in immediately. I felt I was riding along with the characters on this new escapade. I liked the description of the area in which the story takes place, and I really liked the theme.  It made me want to go and visit the area to see if I would "see" it in the same way the author saw it!
 Good book
 I thoroughly enjoyed Angels and Demons. It is a fast paced romp through Rome trying to solve a tantalizing mystery. Robert Langdon moves from clue to clue trying to save lives of priests being murdered. It's taut, a quick read and very, very enjoyable! Highly recommended!
 This book is fast moving and holds your attention.  There's an incredible amount of action and intrigue packed into just a few hours of time.  This was hard to put down and kept my interest.  The twists and turns kept the book from being anything but boring.  A great read.
 I have to admit I got hooked on Dan Brown's work purely out of luck.  I read The DaVinci Code first, and couldn't put it down. I immediately logged in to Amazon and ordered all his other books.  Although I'm not the most religious person, I still found the story captivating and loved the characters.  I thought the story dragged just a little in one or two areas, but not enough to detract from the overall power of the story.  Dan Brown truly has a gift for taking the reader for a ride they don't want to get off of.  Can't wait for his next novel!  If you haven't already read his other works, buy them NOW, you won't be sorry later!
 It's Dan Brown! Nothing more to say!
 Amazing book! A wonderful read from beginning to end.
 Excellent work and talent!  Loved this book!
 I enjoyed this book! I am not going to say it is better than "The De Vince Code but it comes close. Buy it. Lewis
 Angels and Demons is Dan Brown's style: fast, catching, with twists in the story until the end. Until there, it's ok, a nice book if you want to spare some time and forget about the world for a while.<br/>The problem with Angels and Demons is that it's "too much". The end, especially, is so absurd that is impossible to believe in it's story and it's kind of disappointing for who - like me - like to be "fooled" for a while and believe that this could be a real story.<br/>Comparing to the movie, it's better. WAY better. Especially the beggining and the understanding of the Illuminati historical facts, that are more complete in the book.
 The fist of the Robert Langdon books, this one introduces our favorite symbologist and details the events in Rome, trying to stop an atrocity from occurring.  This theme is common with Dan Brown, but if it works, why break it?  If you like puzzles, good characters, and an easy read that isn't dumbed down, this is the book for you.
 The build up of this novel is excellent.  The details of the Path of Illumination were engrossing --although I share one other reviewer's annoyance at Langdon's propensity for remembering (not discovering) critical facts just in the nick of time.  The appearance of a CERN-operated X-33 Mach 15 aircraft is a nifty, if totally unbelievable plot device.  The details inside the Vatican and in Rome are enthralling.  Too many characters are two dimensional.  Unfortunately, the conclusion of the story is just too fantastic to be believable and drags my rating down, although I still gave it four stars (barely!).
 Ordered it for a friend. I was plwased
 Awesome book!  I thought I could predict the ending but Dan Brown threw me for a loop when I read the ending.  Yet another page turner from Dan Brown...  I'll probably have to re-read this book because the suspense had me reading so fast I felt like I didn't let the facts sink in enough.
 ive read this before but the illustrated is so much better it shows these places actually exist dan brown writing is excellent he writes to enlighten the reader not to dumb it down but actually to provide fact
 I finally got around to read this.  I'd give it a 3.8, but I rounded up.  I believe it predates Da Vinci, but that's not clear with this ebook release.  It sure seems like that.  Da Vinci showed some plot savvy; this one not so much.  Especially at the beginning where somehow I was reminded of Moby Dick and its detailed exposition of butchering whales and turning their blubber into lamp oil.  Of course, I don't share Langdon's fascination with symbols and Church history either.<br/>From the sci-fi POV, it's clear that Brown doesn't know much science.  This is a trend, though--maybe he was responsible for starting it?  I'm talking about "soft sci-fi" which nestles up to and often crosses the line into fantasy.  If you're a purist, you'll stay away.<br/>Even with his 2D characters, though, Brown spins a good yarn that lets us peek into the machinations and intrigues of the Catholic Conclave.  He says all the history stuff is "true," but he said that about stuff in Da Vinci too--and was proven wrong.<br/>You can't argue about success, though.  Like with Harry Potter, readers often reward bad writing.  That usually means they enjoy the novelty of the tale.  I'll admit I enjoyed this one--maybe more than Da Vinci, because it has enough twists and turns to be called a mystery, or sci-fi/fantasy/mystery--a mixed bag of goodies, to be sure.
 I really enjoyed reading this book. It keeps you hooked from the start and is hard to put down, right until the end. The great facts and enticing fiction make for a very entertaining story. I also read "The Da Vinci Code", which was also another one of Dan Brown's great books, but I think I liked "Angels and Demons" better. It would make a great, on the edge of your seat, movie! I'm looking forward to the arrival of two more of Dan Brown's books from amazon that I recently ordered. I guess you could say, I am a new fan of this author!
 The authors description of how science advsncement has affected our society is excellent.  The characters are constantly on the move and they take your imagination with them.  FYI the movie adaptation takes the meat out of the book,  read the book and skip the movie.
 Great Quality..
 I have found I really like all Dan Brown books. I like the mixture of action and history. The action keeps you turning the pages and needing to know what is next. You learn many true facts about history as you read. Every time I read one of his books I find I want to read another. I will be sad when there aren't anymore to read.
 This book was recommended to me by a friend, and I did not know much about the story going into it. Angels and Demons is a captivating thriller that will keep you guessing to the last page.<br/><br/>This book helped me find my love for reading again, and I can't to experience the rest of Robert Langdon's adventures!
 The writing kept you coming for more, hard to put down.  What is next?  How is the outcome for what you just read?<br/>A little more than fanciful.  At some point I wondered if Dan Brown was on marijuana, including peyote (Carlos Castaneda).<br/>James Bond might have wanted to jump out of a helicopter with a tarp for a parachute.  The Da Vinci Code was more grounded<br/>on the possible.  Beyond what I have said there is much to think about specially on some of the details about Vatican City<br/>and its power structure.  (See Frontline).
 An easy read and if you read the da vinci code you can see a lot of similarities.  Not that that takes away from the book I could barely put it down!  I was surprised at the end but felt I should have seen I coming.  I'll take this over the movies any day!
 That's what I kept asking myself after the story got stale. I really liked the Davinci Code, so I was excited to read this. I must say, this book wasn't as interesting as the Davinci Code. There was a lot of promise, but in the end, I thought the story dragged a bit too long.
 I liked it better than The DaVinci code. Non stop reading....I actually learned a lot of history about the Vatican and what goes on there. It makes you want to go deep down in the tunnels under the Vatican and explore. Very interesting, I found myself researching the Vatican online when I finished reading the book, going way back in time....lots of interesting s**t.
 Riveting novel better than the movie even though I kept think of Tom Hanks as Robert Langdon...  Going to read all four of Dan Brown's novels.  Just started the second book, Da Vinci Code..
 This and Da Vinci Code are great books.  Been a while since I read them, but they are worth the time. Excellent
 The movie was great, but I enjoyed the book even more! There are so many more details in the  book than can be included in a movie. I will have  to read Da Vinci Code again since Angels and Demons is the first in the series. Intriguing series!
 exactly as expected.
 Good book. Author goes into too much historical development and it slows down the pace
 Hard to keep up with all the locations, churches and historical references but otherwise very enjoyable especially the many twists throughout the plot. I had my iPad next to me for google searches for all the churches ;-)
 As good as it gets.  WOW, what suspense.
 Five stars for an amazing adventure through layers of time and intrigue! With a background of the growing Enlightenment movement and the Catholic Church's attempt to maintain it's control and power, the story weaves a web of  deception, mystery, and death across the Eternal City of Rome. Among the beautiful artwork of Renaissance artists, Robert Langdon races Time to save the lives of four men and the city of Rome itself. The action is non-stop and the book is hard to put down.
 This illustrated version of the book is wonderful and very informative with glossy high-quality pictures to enhance understanding of concepts and places featured in the book.  I got the book from the library and bought it after I got done reading it so I could have my own copy.  Excellent!!
 Great read.  Dan Brown has a talent of keeping the story going without losing interest of the reader.
 This is such a great Dan Brown book. Caution: if you pick it up, you will have a hard time putting it down!
 Loved it!
 Dan Brown never fails to surprise.  I could not put this book down. He addresses an important theme for our modern world.
 Decent but some of his other books were better.  Got a little long in certain parts but overall was easy to get through.
 The second in the series, Angels and Demons is gripping, thrilling, mind-blowing and amazing. If you enjoy the mystery and brain power it takes to get through these books due to their intricate plots, you'll love this series.
 just finished, very good interesting
 My favorite book in the series. I've read it three times now. It's predictable and hyperbolic at times, sure, but it's a fun, easy read.
 Loved this book Truly engaged from the beginning to the end.I think today I'm going to get the DVD  I want to see what Ron Howard does with visual and graphics.Can't wait for Robert Langdon next adventure.
 This book is a good read and my 3rd book ive read by Dan Brown. I do like it but its not quite as "cant put it down, finish it in one night" as The DaVinci code was but its still entertaining and well written
 This is my first Dan Brown novel, and I REALLY liked it. I was a little intimidated by some of the reviews talking about it being hard to follow. But I didn't find that at all. I could barely put it down and read it in 3 days. This is one you will stay up late reading b/c you just can't put it down. I am looking forward to reading his other works.
 This book is one of the best I have read in a long time.  The imagination and originality that the author shows in this book is exceptional.  The clarity in which he writes makes you think you are there.<br/>The book is packed with information about the Vatican that not many people know about.<br/>This is an exceptional read in fact it's a must read!!!!
 In this early Dan Brown effort he establishes the great plotting, action, and the incredible amount of research found in his books. All of his Michael Langdon<br/>books have over one hundred chapters, with a hook in the last sentence that pulls you along  to the next chapter. Dan Brown is a genius and I wholeheartedly recommend this book.
 Loved the intrigue in this book. Have visited Rome and enjoyed the descriptions of the city as well as the Vatican. Had trouble putting book down as I wanted to keep reading to see what was happening. Suspenseful with a rather surprising ending.
 Right up there with The DaVinci Code.
 Absolutely a great read. Brown has a captivating style, his characters are interesting, he twists the plot unexpectedly in very intriguing ways and it makes for a great read.
 This book is a pretty good read, but if you have already read "Tha Da'Vinci Code" you may not want to bother.  This book has the same main character, and the plot is basically the same.  In fact, the book sharesthe same frantic pace as in the Da'Vinci Code.  I would ratherread Da'Vinci twice, ratherthan spend the money on Angls and Demons.
 Had to get the hardcover for my boyfriend. He had the paperback but wanted the hardcover since his other Dan Brown books are hardcover as well 😊
 Very good. I had a hard time putting it down.
 I really enjoyed this book. Read it in one day with inability to put it down. I found this book to be a bit more entertaining than De Vinci code. I could envision myself in all those places, seeing the buildings, smelling the ancient city. Not only the language was profound and detailed it was a dam good story line with highly developed characters giving the story a breath of life. When I remember this book it remembers like a film, no, as a real-lived memory which has engaged all my senses.
 This was a wonderful experience.  The book keeps you on the edge of your seat.  You cannot put it down.  My suggestion: read it!<br/>Jeanne Zabst
 This is the second time I have read A &amp; D.  High interest level.  I read A &amp; D much too quickly the first time.  I dislike putting the book down, however, I can only absorbed so much info, mystery, and adventure in one sitting.  I recommend A &amp; D to anyone who has an open mind, is curious about historical traditions, keeps you interested in the storyline(s) ALL the time, enjoys an unexpected ending.  Dan Brown is a genius.
 Well-written, gripping story. More depth than the film version. Avery good read!
 So much better than the movie! Dan brown has a wonderful way of weaving science and religion into a gripping story.
 It's a wee bit silly, but this book is honestly one of the reasons that I eventually started attending services at my local Catholic Church. There are some surprisingly deep discussions about faith in an otherwise trivial suspense thriller.<br/><br/>By no means is this great literature, but as a book and a story it gave me everything I wanted, and I enjoyed it immensely.
 being raised a catholic I was somewhat curious of Papal fact and or fiction.  This reading was quite entertaing and even though a fiction it gave me food for thought in regards to catholic clergy and my skeptic view of such.  Buy the book it's good reading.
 I love the Robert Langdon series of books from Dan Brown and was not disappointed in this book. I enjoyed this book a lot more than the movie itself and found myself getting lost in each chapter.
 The movie was good but this book gives you so much more. The writer gives the historical lesson and the thrilling story to you in a way that makes you edge forward on your seat as if you are right there watching the real thing.<br/>Too many reviewers want to give too much story away, but I won't, if you are reading this and somehow don't know the actually story and plot, stop reading this and other reviews and open the book !!!<br/>Beautifully written, a classic for sure.
 Just an amazing book if you are a fan of the movie then you should love the book even more. The detail and precision involved in this novel are masterfully combined to make a wonderfully exciting nail chewing can't stop reading experience. I would read again no questions asked. Thank you Dan Brown for another great adventure.
 This book is probably the best of the Robert Langdon adventure books that Dan Brown wrote.  It has a high energy plot that runs straight through.  Although a little bloody/gruesome at parts, it was a very fast ready once you get sucked into it.  Oh, and you may want to keep reminding yourself that it is a work of fiction.  The geography and architecture have been tweeked to make it fit into the story line.
 Well worth a second look<br/><br/>Just finished Dan Brown's Angels &amp; Demons for the second time.  I got more out of the plot with a 2nd reading.  Well written and  very believable.  Hard to put down.
 One of Dan Browns Best Thrillers! Better than the Movie!
 I'm a fan.  He follows a template in his works, but it is fun.
 It reflects some ideas on the conflict between Science and the Church in the past leading to the development of the secret  illuminati movement which in reality,  I believe they are still exist most probably in a kind of  complex network of organizations (the alliance of western Christian and Zionist/freemason) and responsible for the formation of the New World Order and manipulation of the system...full of deceptions
 I didn't like the book - it followed the same pattern as davinci code - religious symbols, terrorist, good looking young woman - smart and stand-offish at first but warms up, rushing from place to place to solve the problem....  I didn't finish the book.
 Right from the beginning this book was full of action.  Dan Brown's descriptions were very explicit and I could not put this book down.<br/>I love the way he combines historical facts with fiction.
 It was a great read. I had read 'DaVinci Code' some time ago and saw the 'Angels &amp; Demons', the movie before I read the book. The book, of course, was better than the movie but I enjoyed reading the book, very much. I have other Dan Brown books that I am looking forward to reading.
 Fantastic book with great scientific, historic and religious tie-ins for the layman.  He even portrays the main character's naivete by referencing his understanding of the science at hand with Star Trek!  The ending is quite a twist so hang on!  It is fast paced and very hard to put down.  I may have to read DaVinci Code again to see how he actually ties them together.
 I hate reading, I get sooo bored (not to mention I have 2 kids and no time to really read). I could not put this book down. I expected to read this in 6 months but actually read it in 2 weeks. 10/10 would recommend.
 I saw the movie of "Angels &amp; Demons" and loved it very much so i decided to buy the book since i know that books are usually greater than the movies it selves (from past experience).<br/>Thank you.
 After just finishing another really good book, I was looking for a sequel and had intended on starting with Dan Brown's "The Symbol".  But then I realized that, in this series "Angels and Demons" was written 1st.  OMG it Apollo was suspenseful, and historically thrilling. I found myself reading it the 1st day from 10 am to almost 10pm. I love history so I even stopped to Google some of the priests and villains just to see how accurate the details were.  I was glued.to.the couch for 2 days.  Thank you for giving me back the gift of reading.
 Just a wonderful read and you do not want to put it down. If you liked The Da Vinci Code then this book is for you!
 Here's a riveting, suspence-filled story. The plot is terrific, and it makes a book that you don't want to put down, and don't want to end!!
 I saw and enjoyed the movie first, but enjoyed the book very much too. A few key differences but a great and enjoyable read.
 Love every page. This book is filled with wonderful facts about the country, Christiananity, and history. The plot is facinateing with unexpected twists and turns.  I didn't want to stop reading.
 Never liked the idea of reading. Had never read a book as a hobby, only when I had to at school.  One day I saw the Da Vinci Code movie (which I had heard numerous times that the book was even better). I loved it so much that halfway through the movie I paused it and went online to order the book. Before I did though, I read about the upcoming film Angels &amp; Demons. So, I ordered Angels &amp; Demons instead. I have never been more excited about an upcoming movie like I am now. This story is just unbelievably interesting. Learning about historic facts had never been so much fun. This book is simply a treasure for me.<br/><br/>Look for the illustrated version, really worthy it.
 I know it's fiction....although too many people took this book to be some kind of fact and after the author came right out and said it was fiction. I think the Catholic church seen this as a black eye.
 This book is one of the good ones for sure.  I love the prices compared to new books and the quality of the books seems very accurate as stated in the listings.  I recommend this book highly for its content.
 Similar, but the suspense in this one is better.  This one is purely fiction, while Di Vince Code raises some questions about cults and other subsets of Christian groups not in the mainstream of understanding of history or of theology.
 I had forgotten that I'd seen the movie until several chapters had flown by.  There are, of course, differences between book and film and I'd fortunately forgotten whodunit.  This is my first Dan Brown novel.  I'm looking forward to reading more.
 If you can appreciate a twist; Dumas style with historical facts and a memorable plot.  You have to appreciate history to enjoy this book.  I give it 5 stars
 Another great story filled with interesting historical facts.  I do not know why I waited so long to read this author's works again.  Di Vinci was my only prior experience reading his work, and I really enjoyed that many years ago.
 Love!!!! Love!!!!! Great read, kept me on my toes the entire time and love the ending... couldn’t ask for more!
 I love this authors books. They keep you going throughout.
 I found the machinations and mechanisms of organized religion and, in particular, the Catholic Church fascinating!  If this is a work of fiction, there are just enough facts to make it believable.  Dan Brown is a gifted author.
 This was a creative, amazingly detailed book of fiction that kept me entranced from beginning to end! I highly recommend it!
 I love Dan Brown's books!  He is so good at describing the locations and incorporating historical facts into the story.  I not only get a good thrill but I learn about history as well!
 Very riveting till the end. His style of writing is not for everyone, but I very much enjoyed this book!
 Definitely a must read if you liked other Dan Brown Books.  This also is a great way to start debates and conversations about religions.  I would us it to get my friends going reciting various parts of the books view on organized religion then see if they could defend their positions.  (Which were usually mine too, but made for great debating.)
 It is difficult to put one of Dan Brown's books down once you have started reading it.  You feel so close to all of the characters and you just feel everything that is happening to them. A great read.
 Fasinating Reading  . A Race to save the Vatican from destruction. I found it very interesting.and adventuresome,<br/>  Langdon and hiis  lady friend and  the "travelouge' in  Rome and the Vatican was of special Interest, as was the description of fountains and other art in the Vatican.  Good Read
 Seriously one of the best written books ever. So captivating...I never wanted it to end!
 This journey through time following a pass laid out by men that could not speak on what they have learned with other, to exchange ideas, all because of religion, all most sounds like today.
 Love it and plan on reading the other Robert Langdon books.
 Thank you! Good service and good book
 The movie is never as good as the book.  This was a good book but it was a bit slow and very long.  I know i'm in the minority as everyone read this, but i think it could have been much shorter and equally as entertaining.
 The whole book was mesmerizing. I could not put it down. Dan Brown is great writer, can't wait for the next one!
 Good read.....book out does the movie.
 very impressed about the research done, may be not 100% correct but at least shows the homework that the author has done. Very tight story line, hard to stop listening
 as other novels from Brown, is captivating
 Great book. very different than movie. A lot darker with interesting detail.
 This is a fun, gripping easy read. What I found most enjoyable about this book is how engaging it was. It also appeared to me to be well researched. The characters were believable and I certainly got attached to them. I finished this book in a weekend, too, so I liked how it was a quick read as well.
 Learning about Rome and its history sure is exciting reading this book. Some things are shocking, while others are just purely enjoyable.
 I loved the book. Dan Brown obviously did his homework. Would recommend, a great read!! Angels and demons keeps you guessing til the end.
 Angels and Demons, the first book in the Robert langdon series so far is a delight to read, the character is absolutely enthralling! Ive gotten to around 80% through the book and can tell you that the others in the series will soon be bought and sent to my kindle! My only complain is that there is some Italian wordage, me not being Italian can make it slightly annoying and most likely just my reading level but i find myself checking what words mean somewhat often. Its defiantly a good read!
 I highly recommend this book for people interested in symbology and people that likes to have a roller coaster of emotions. This I can tell is close to be a piece of art.Dan Brown is a well informed man that has putted historic facts and conspiracy, mixed it and made a fantastic story, doesn't compare to the da vinci code but it's a good story!<br/>I highly recommend it to people interested in some conspiracy theory ;)
 This guy really doesn't really write well.  It was difficult to keep reading with the obvious writing cliches. You know when you notice the writing style, there's a problem.  Too many adjectives.  HOWEVER.  If you can stand the stilted writing long enough to get into the plot, it's very clever and original and if you are at all interested in Roman sights or church history, you can forgive the not so good writing.  I didn't care much for the ending, but it was still a good ride.
 The book is better
 I have read all of his books and thing this is his best
 As always, an absolute must to read. Love all the action and suspense in this well written book. Great read.
 Dan Brow did amazing research on the churches of the Vatican.  His detail is amazing.  After reading this book I would love to take a trip to Rome.  The story is also well done.
 Dan Brown had to have accumulated an enormous amount of research information from the DiVinci Code and I believe he crafted the information artfully. The trilogy was an excellent mental adventure. Just for kicks I watched the Angels and Demons movie and it fell disappointedly short of the cranial video Dan Brown was able to instill in my mind. Excellent and entertaining author!
 better than the movie
 Enjoyed the book until Langdon jumps from a helicopter holding a piece of canvas by its corners as a parachute then magically lands in the Tiber and survives.  Otherwise a quite entertaining read
 I liked this book better than the Da Vinci code.
 A very interesting story line but it gets a little to deep into the "Gee Whiz" inventions of government and scientific projects
 Great book! Kept you captivated! Dan Brown is a great author! Around every bend there is a new twist! Could not put this book down!
 Good yarn with many sub-plots...
 People who like Dan Brown's books will like it.  Watched the movie first and then read the book...and really liked both. (<br/>I seem to have a habit of reading the books before watching the movies)
 It must be remembered the Dan Brown is writting fiction, but there are enough fact that can be traced so as to make this a good read.
 Dan Brown's writing is full of twists and turns which are not apparent straight away.  Even though I guessed what was going to happen, it was a riveting read.
 Thought provoking, well written, engaging, and suspenseful!! Difficult to put the book down.
 This book arrived in great condition.  And I loved "The Lost Symbol" and "The Da Vinci Code" so this book was great to me, as well. Same writing style and main character.
 Read this years ago. Teen son is reading for the first time so decided to read again. Just as captivating the second time second time around. Can't wait now to get on to more recent Dan Brown that I have not read before. It had been too long.
 I guess my expectations were too high given the other reviews of this book and the description of the plot. Maybe Mr. Brown's writing improved as he wrote more books, but I find this book unreadable. In particular, he doesn't make logical transitions from the end of one  scene to the next. For example in an early scene, he leaves the hero with his skin crawling with apparently overwhelming horror at something he sees. When this scene is continued just a few pages later, it does not continue or explain the earlier reaction. I kept going between the two trying to figure out what happened.<br/>I decided I just couldn't continue with the book, it is just so badly written. I recommend Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum (which appears to have "inspired" this book) instead.
 Highly recommend this as the read first in the series of Robert Langdon.
 Although many of the incidents are taken from holistic events, the story itself—in my humble opinion—a brilliant work of fiction.
 I immensely enjoyed this thriller.  I most liked the mixture of fact with fiction.  Do NOT take this for anything other than a very well written fiction as many things that are taken as real, aren't.
 Dan Brown is at the top of our hit list for reading.  It is fun to integrate items left out of the movies.
 I couldn’t put this book down. Ordered the next book in the series as soon as I finished this one. The book will keep you up at night reading and wanting more.
 This book was recommended to me by my Art Instructor at Vincennes University, because I'm a Bernini fan, and had chosen him for a project. She told me I would love this book, and she was definitely correct! I would recommend this book to any other Art students, or anyone interested in Rome and/or Vatican City!!
 Holy &amp;!#$... pun intended. I could not get enough of this book. The research required alone is mind boggling. There was intensity and suspense from page one.<br/>The struggle between church and science is a great discussion, one which I found myself on both sides multiple times.<br/>Five out of five stars. This is a great read, suspenseful to the end. I immediately bought another Dan Brown book when I finished this.
 I love Robert Langdon!  Dan Brown creates such an interesting and entertaining story! I recommend all his books!  Great Read!
 I good read . Entertaining.
 Good read.
 After reading this book I realized, I'm a fan of hidden societies.The way Dan Brown incorporated the Illuminati with present day was intriguing. I couldn't put the book down and enjoyed every word.
 I loved this book.  I read DaVinci Code and thought is was a great book, but A&amp;D was actually better. (Which is hard to accomplish)  It really kept me on the edge of my seat.  I would totally recommend this book.  I can't wait for Dan Browns next book to come out.  He is a wonderful author.
 I always say books are better than the movies. And once again this book proved it. Theres nothing better than letting the mind go and create its own version of what we read. Loved the book twice as much as the movie
 I'm sad that it has taken me so long to read this Dan Brown book.  I want to tackle another one!
 Perfect<br/>Very on going nice chapters<br/>Love to read more than once it feels so real that you live.<br/>One word perfect
 This is keep-you-on-the-edge-of-your-seat reading. It's a cleverly crafted novel with lots of twists and turns that keep the reader thinking and second-guessing the protagonist. Highly recommended.
 Read "Angels &amp; Demons" after reading "Inferno"; was hooked after that. Started backwards, I'm now reading "The Davinci Code.  Great writing.
 Good fun pulp holiday reading
 A good quality more than I can expect with a used book.
 I read this book in less then a week also. Second of the trilogy. Heart thumping, and keep you up past midnight (despite the fact that the kids will be waking you in the wee hours) kind of book. Again I watched the first movie The Da Vinci Code so I could only picture mr Tom Hanks the whole time and hear his voice in my head. I think my only reason for the not5 stars here is the fact of how many times he almost dies. But I think you could almost read this book without the first. The writer keeps you guessing on this one the whole time and just when you think you have it figured out...well you will see. Art and artists will love this one as well.
 It's intriguing all right. And fun. But like any summer blockbuster there are plot gaps. Brown's biggest problem seems to be trying to nail timing. The 24-esque nature of the story doesn't work. But it was a good shot.
 The quality of the paper and the illustrations is excellent. The illustrations make the story easy to follow, understand and visualize. I definitely prefer the illustrated version over the regular one. I would also recommend The DaVinci Code Illustrated version.
 An excellent read. Remember it is FICTION!<br/>Reality needs to be suspended :)
 well, I had to finish it... and was surprised at the ending... but, it was a little strange, I guess that is what the author was going for...
 Purchased for my mother who is blind.  She enjoys exciting novels and this was during the new Pope's election making it very pertinent.  She enjoys books on tape and throughly enjoyed this bestseller.  I read the novel and wanted to share it with her.  I would recommend to friends.
 Dan Brown gives promise of an excellent read in this book, but I was very disappointed as I found the ending of it to be rather stupid.  A disappointment from a good author like Dan Brown.
 An excellent work. Brown<br/>did an amazing job. I was immediately drawn into this story from page one. I can't remember reading a book that fast!
 Excelente
 Brown's second-best book, in my opinion, but best of the Langdon series.  Although novels this good are difficult to follow-up.
 exciting and keeps your attention very easily
 This thriller is full of surprises. I couldn't put it down. I learned something, too, about physics, Vatican history, and Italian art - an unlikely but successful combination.
 I have read several Dan Brown books and they are great!
 The best novel from Dan Brown, I recommend you to read the book first and after that watch the movie later.
 I thought this book would be "heavier" on content, scenery, and what not. Having read all of Vince Flynn's novels to date, most of Tom Clancy, Bernard Cornwell, Stephen King, and other really involved authors; I found Dan Brown's writing light, easy to follow and it maintained a good momentum.<br/><br/>The history of some common phrases was interesting. The description of the scenery in Rome was excellent, and the novel takes place in one day. Might make a good 24-type movie.<br/><br/>The hero isn't heroic a first, but when push came to shove, he knuckled-up and got the girl.<br/><br/>I was guessing until the end and was surprised but the conclusion. It's a mystery novel set against the conflict of religion vs. science.<br/><br/>The monologues are excellent, well-thought out and thought provoking.
 Dan Brown books are always my favorites. This one did not disappoint.
 Its a pretty awesome book. This book annoyed me a lot because i couldn't wait to start the next chapter after i finish each chapter. There are many intriguing facts in it which certainly aroused my curiosity but i didn't like the ending much. Ending could be better but seriously this book is worth reading.
 Not as good as The DaVinci Code.  Not nearly as good as any Jack Reacher book or anything by Orson Scott Card, Neal Stephenson,  or David Foster Wallace.
 Amazing books one of my favorite authors. The conditions pf the book even if used great condition
 this I read as the last of the Robert Langdon series and I think is probably the better of all 4. Perhaps Inferno is a close contender.
 I've just reading the 📚 and so far I am enjoying the book.😊.
 I read this before I read The Da Vinci Code, and it caught me by surprise.  The friend I borrowed it from said it wasn't as good as the above book--but I found it impossible to put down.  It is a fast paced book and I like the way it takes you around Rome accuratley.  I highly recommend it.
 I kept hoping that it would come together but it didn't.  There is a reason that the first book (this  one) was not the success of the other.  Quick beach read if you're bored.
 What more needs to be said?  An incredibly work, and so hard to take a break from. This superbly written book will really make you think.
 hey it was such an enjoyable read. Completely different from the movie but it was a great twist
 A bit different than the film, and BOTH are good :-)
 In perfect condition! 10/10
 Lots of plot twists make this a most enjoyable story. There are enough facts worked in to make it sound plausible!
 I have ready every book and they are amazingly good! I'm reading the Robert Langdon books all over again. Must Read.
 This was a lot better than the movie and a page turner.  I am not a huge reader but even only being able to read after work, I had it read within 4 days.  Worth the money.
 I LOVE Dan Brown's books, so, naturally, I love "Angels and Demons," as well. If you were a fan of the Da Vinci Code, you definitely need to read this book.
 I loved this best among Dan Brown's novels.  It's always a page-turner!  The last twist was most amazing to me. Thanks!
 I came to this book after reading the Da Vinci Code, which I may have liked better. There's definitely a formula to these books, which became clear after reading this one, but I still enjoyed all the details, histories, plot twists and big reveals. I probably will not reread this book, but it did keep me intrigued and eager to find out what happened next the whole time.
 In a world of stories that are predictable and boring, Dan Brown has truly delieved a masterpiece that will keep you guessing until the end.  The history of Rome and tidbits about the Vatican City mesh perfectly with the plot and not once does the book get bogged down.  Ther is nothing better, in my mind, than a book that makes you think you know what is going to happen, challenges your hypothesis, and ultimately goes above and beyond what you had guessed.  Great read!
 Awesome book, awesome writer, and a great novel series. I loved Langdon and all the fun facts he uncovers. Great book with illustrations of the great places.
 Dan Brown keeps you guessing the outcome.  Great.<br/><br/>The Witness Wore Red is one of the easiest reads, factual.  Great book.  Anyone interested in pologomy must read.
 Captivating and riveting!  Lots of great moral questions and historical facts.  This is what makes Dan Brown a fantastic writer!  This is a must read.
 After reading the De Vi Inchi code. I lilked Dan Brown's writing and wanted to read more of his books. His books are thought provocing. Makes you question what you learned gorwning up in the 60's. Can't wait to read more of his books.
 Thought provoking!! Examines religious culture and blends with fiction and fantasy.  Heroism at its finest. Great characters and well conceived plot.
 Good read
 Haven’t read the book yet but when I opened the box the cover was already ripped and bent
 Of all the Brown books, I think this is my favorite.  Would God use evil to do good?
 The movie is surely different in many ways than the book. Either way, I liked it.
 Great story that makes you interested in religion without being religious.  Many twists that kept me entertained for hours, almost hated for it to end.
 It wasn't as tight as DaVinci Code but it was a good read. The material takes a while to digest but it's worth the effort.
 There were enough plot twists to keep you guessing.  It's my first Dan Brown read and it generated enough interest to cause me to download others.
 It was excellent.  It is a must read.  Some of the symbolism was a bit much but it was still a great read.  Did not expect some of the twist and turn.  Great book.
 My heart was pounding. Twists and turns, betrayal and an intense twist ending... Very good book! Looking forward to the next one...
 Great story! Makes me want to go back to Rome.
 book was okay.
 As intriguing and well written as The Da Vinci Code.
 This book held my attention so Mich that I couldn't even put it down. Amazing and well written. Worth every minute.
 A must read...enough said
 Item as described and fast shipping, Thanks!!!
 Intriguing from the very first page...such a great book...I can't wait to read more of Dan Browns work! Mysterious, knowledgable and keeps you on the edge of the seat.
 Typical Dan Brown.  Fast paced and easy to read.<br/>This book is actually set before the Da Vinci Code, but like the Da Vinci Code there are lots of interesting details and history of the Catholic faith - although don't take everything as 100% correct - remember it is fiction.<br/>This time Robert Langdon is called on to help solve the murder of a physicist at the LHC at CERN.  Before long he finds himself at the Vatican in a race against time to save 4 cardinals and the Vatican itself.
 Great book
 Even if you watched the movie, you will enjoy the book even better. I bought the audiobook for my commute, and then the text so I could continue at bedtime.
 Angels &amp; Demons was my first book by Dan Brown. I instantly became a fan and moved on to The Da Vinci Code, before going back to Digital Fortress and Deception Point. Brown is an excellent story teller who always has me hitting Google to learn more on places, people, and art. And it all started with the recommendation of this book.
 The pages kept turning, but I kept feeling like the writing was a bit flat and predictable.
 After making the decision to read the Da Vinci Code, I decided to also read Angels &amp; Demons as it has the same lead character, Robert Langdon.  I loved the Da Vinci Code and I can truthfully say that I loved Angels &amp; Demons even more.  I never wanted to put it down.  Your guessing till the very end as to who is actually behind everything.  You must read this book!!
 Still my favorite read.
 Great read!
 I don't think I've ever read a book as I have this one. I could not put it down!! I couldn't recommend it enough. If you like mystery books or thrillers or anything with a twist, PLEASE read this book :)
 Enjoyed the story...not sure I liked the ending. But oh well..  I'm visiting Rome soon. Can't wait to see the places mentioned!!
 Like Davinci Code...a fun read, better than the movie...much like a Scooby Doo mystery for grown ups. Forget the hype and read it for fun with an open mind.
 rereading for trip
 Pretty good for an audio cd
 Great story line easily kept up with. Brown manages to keep you guessing all the time and still let you think you know the answer!
 Arrived fine in excellent condition. Thanks!
 I started the book and could not get into it... put it down... read two other books - ran out of reading material and picked it back up.<br/>BOY AM I GLAD!  I got hooked on the history and the play between science and religion and belief systems, all woven through a wonderful actionpacked edge of my chair story!
 Always a great read.  You can get lost in these pages and then get let down when the book is finished.  You have lost friends.
 Has me re-reading the series
 Bought this book for my wife to replace the paperbook she had. This way she has all hard copies of the series.
 This book is amazing.  I don't read much, but I read this twice!!!!<br/><br/>The movie sucks though, but not just because "the book is always better", but because the movie is pathetic, and BARELY follows the book.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book.  It was hard to put the book down while reading.  Earlier nuggets in the book tied it nicely with events that occured later in the book.  I would highly recommend this book.
 In total suspense<br/>On the edge of your seat<br/>Almost to many details
 I read this book way before I got my kindle and I absolutely love it and even though I still have a hardbond edition I wanted I copy on my kindle..
 In this book, you get pics to give visual context to all of the vague references that are made...so awesome!
 Well written.  Keeps you on the edge of your seat.  Some places seemed too much detail but I was just anxious to get to the next step.  It was a good read and I would recommend it.
 Although not as jolting an experience as the Da Vinci Code, this book's story is 10-times better.  The characters are, as always with Dan Brown, extremely rich - and, even the evil ones, likeable.  The story "hits home" in more ways than one.  You can't go wrong with Dan Brown if mystery/history are things that interest you.  The only problem with Brown's work is:  After reading his books, you spend 10 times the amount of time researching as you did reading the book in the first place.  He just makes you crave a deeper understanding for the information he presents.  Excellent!
 Brown delivers a fantastic novel. His in-depth information on the Vatican and way of surprising the reader is applaudable! actually bought this book out of sheer boredom while in a small town as it was the only on out of the small selection that looked remotely interesting. I started the book and literally could not put it down! I have since made my best friend read it and she enjoyed it just as much! I am baffled as to why there is not a movie based on this book-how thrilling it would be! Cheers to Mr. Brown for an extraordinary adventure!
 Dan Brown"s Robert Langdon teaches us all about the art &amp; archetecture of the Renaisance in this thriller. I couldn't put it down!
 Great Book. Very interesting and a page turner!
 A good and exciting read.  Many twists and turns in this thrilling religious novel.
 Well know story, but I loved reading this book.  Incredible research to get this story right.  Dan Brow does a great job of mixing research and story that holds your breath the entire time.
 Great suspense filled book. I enjoyed reading about many places in Rome that I'm familiar with.
 This is my second favorite of all the Dan Brown books only second to, "Inferno." I highly recommend this interesting read.
 This is a great series.
 superb thriller!!!! excellently written. Dan Brown did it again!!!!<br/>Have read it a few more times. Highly recommend this book!
 I first read the davinci code when it was iTunes "book of the week" and I liked it so much I found out he had wrote more books and this being the first one. All in all I loved this book. I'm a mom of two toddlers and never have time to read, but I managed to finish this book in a few days. Once I started I couldn't put it down! So many twist and turns.
 Great Story
 Love all the "Robert Langdon" character books!!!
 History, and factual details make it great fun. A good read. Even more fun on the Kindle!Looking forward to more Langdon
 I clearly prefer this one, though I read the Da Vinci Code first. I am just hoping not all Dan Brown's books will (are) following the exact same recipe. It's a good summer read, even with its major flaws (latin, italian, history).
 Dan Brown has clearly done lots of research for the background of this novel.  The story is enthralling, keeping the reader guessing until the end.
 Since 'Inferno' has been doing so well since its release, I thought I'd give this series a shot. It was a GREAT decision. Dan Brown is such an intelligent and creative writer, and I started 'The Da Vinci Code' immediately following this one. It's a series to be excited about, and I believe anybody would find themselves captivated by Brown's words.
 This book is awsome! Good turn of event. You will read from begining to end without dropping the books.<br/><br/>Nice worl Dan
 Great book. Dan Brown know how to weave a great story and use exciting places to make his books come alive. Love all his books.
 Absolutely great book. Based upon a lot of truth. I must have referred this book to more than a 100 people, especially my Catholic friends.
 I truly enjoyed this book Angels &amp; Demons. It was difficult to put down. Always interesting. Its a great read. I have purchased his next book also.
 The book is soft cover.  I loved this book as much as The DaVinci code.  The story is immersible and entertaining.  I really didn't want to put it down.  Also makes you think along with the character as you are reading...great book.
 This book had my rapt attention from the first page to the last. I couldn't seem put it down. Great book!
 Dan Brown is the best author ever!
 Could not put  it down. Between the history and all the mystery it held my attention better then many books l have read.
 Fabulous reading, keeps you hooked all the time and some things although fictional it makes you think!
 Gripping all of the way through. I couldn't stop reading. I would highly revoke the this book to anyone who loves thrillers.
 Fast read. Not too deep. Story moved along at a good pace.
 I absolutely LOVE these books. I was enthralled by both this and the Da Vinci Code. I am just now starting The Lost Symbol. Though the plots become repetitive I love these books however I think they are way too long. I think Dan starts trying to pack in TOO many twists that the reader is just ready for a conclusion.
 It’s not as good as all his oyher boos
 fast paced electrifying a really nice mix of science and religion second time reading was as good as the first I am not one to read books twice this one is well worth the effort would highiy recommend a look or even two
 It's been the repeated story of the lunatic who kills people following a pattern, God only knows why, and happens to clash with an egghead on the subject
 By far one of my favorite books by Dan Brown. The characters are more finely tuned in this novel than in any of his others.  This is the only book that I can enjoy more than once or twice. Thank God it's better than that garish movie!!!
 Enjoyable but disturbing story. Dan Brown has a knack for character development. I enjoyed the characters and the intensity of the plot
 Nice smooth transaction. Item arrived as advertised. Would recommend.
 Without giving away the plot, I was impressed by the author's knowledge of the Vatican and nearby locations. It was difficult to put the book down. Lots of surprises and twists. I was totally entertained.............
 As I listened to the audiobook version of "Angels and Demons" I longed to visit Rome and take in the sites that were so vividly described. This is a compelling read with lots of unexpected twists to a great plot.
 I could not put this book down. It is perhaps the most gripping novel I have ever read. My wife is reading it now and feels the same way. It is MUCH better than the DaVinci Code. You will not regret buying this book.
 Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole way through!  Thought-provoking with interesting and incredible detail. A must-read
 Well written, good read.
 I read this book a couple of years ago. It's my favorite! !! Truly an amazing read! Brown paints to most vivid images in your head while you read....I first read it in 2 days only putting it down to sleep a little. I lost my paper copy and have been wanting to read it again. It's that good!!!:-)
 If you've read the first book (The Da Vinci Code), you've basically read them all. The second and third books follow the first like a formula in terms of plot setup and resolution.
 I liked it but I liked The Da Vinci Code more.
 I know its fiction but it gets to a point towards the end that transcends ridiculous! Other than that is an interesting read
 Probably my favorite book by Dan Brown!
 would recommend this book to readers of biblical prophesy types...like all Langdon books. hope he writes more of the same.
 Great book!  Exciting to the bitter end..... I am now going to read the rest of this series ☺<br/><br/>Ha!
 Ordered these books for a teenagers summer reading project.  This was the only place that I could find all the ones she needed.  Inexpensive and fast deliver.
 I started reading this book because some one recommended it. NOW i get to recommend it. I hated to put it down to do my regular house work. Also, the kindle makes it so easy to read and so comfortable too.
 good book
 This book was purchased for my son, he has never taken an interest in reading until someone introduced this book to him. It has been very fascinating and interesting to him to the fact that he has already completed this book.  for someone who has never taken a liking to reading and has competed this book in such short time, it has to be a great book.
 This was a simply written but fun read with some great unexpected twists and turns. One of my favorite Dan Brown books, so far.
 I enjoyed this very much! It is one of my favorite movies too.
 interesting writing a with a combination of some historical facts.
 I read this book after my teacher told me that this book was very entertaining. I decided to bought it in kindle version. I couldn't stop reading and before i knew it, I finished it less than 3 days. That's how much I love this book. Dan Brown you're definitely know what you're doing! I really recommended this book to everyone who like thrillers, arts, and mysteries.
 A gripping tale that keeps the attention focused on the ample action that races through the chapters at lightening speed.
 Great movie. Didn't get the recognition like his other book.
 As with all of Brown's novels, there is a lot of fact wripped into his fiction.  As such, I find this very enjoy able reading.
 Awesome!!
 I've read this book. Could hardly put it down.
 Such an incredible adventure to go on. A work of literary creativity the likes of Erik Larson.
 One of my all time favorites!
 Very thrilling as I knew it would be.  I read The Davinci code first, but this one helped me to understand the other one.
 I loved the suspense. Dan Brown is my favorite author. Love the symboligist Robert Langdon Read the book three times.
 Excellent thriller.  Many plot twists.  Good discourse on religion vs science.
 I will never forget the thrilling sensation while reading this book. I didn't want to put book down due to its humor and creativity. I recommend this to ages twelve and up.
 This book was equally as good as DaVinci Code--an exciting read.  When will they be making it into a movie?
 Had to read after reading The DaVinci Code.  Wishing there were more like them so I could keep going!!
 Well written. Liked the historical information woven into the story.
 This is Brown at his best, hard to put down as the unexpected senarios change constantly!<br/>As good as DaVinci Code.
 Thank you
 Good book, less engaging than DaVinci Code but still interesting
 A real thriller. Much better than the Ron Howard movie.
 One of the best books I ever read. Then I seen the movie and was very glad that I read the book first.
 Angels and Demons is a fascinating book.. Enormous research and understanding of Catholicism are dripping from each page..
 Excellent book. My favorite Dan Brown book so far. Kept me on the edge of my seat!!
 I enjoyed this book, like most Dan Brown books. Religion and science have never really bridged their divides. I enjoy books that make you think outside the box, which this did. Much different than the movie, I saw the movie before reading the book, which did not do it justice. If you have seen the movie please read the book, it will throw you some curves.
 Very entertaining. Moves at a fast pace and retains reader interest all the way.
 This is a great story. Lots of twists and turns, and it is also very informative. I didn't know the item coming to me was mp3 cd, but that turned out for the best.
 I loved learning about the Vatican and Rome. The details made me feel I was in the crowd or looking over the shoulders as if I were there.
 I am a huge Dan Brown fan and this series is intense. Just started Inferno tonight...will only take a few days to read!
 No two better books ever writen with action and intregue. Couldn't put them down. Makes you wonder about how accurate the Catholic Church might be. Won't change your belief system but puts that "What if" in your mind. I highly recommend both of these stories to any and all.
 Loved this book. Bought the next novel before I finished this one.
 This book was one of the books I had to read for a summer assignment for school I was so happy I chose this one. Not only was it very creative but was also fast paced and fun. I loved this book and I give it five stars
 Once I started it was hard ot put it down.  This is the first Dan Brown book I have read and it will not be the last.  There are real suporisies going through the book and whist as usually you are given hints these often prove correct but misleading which makes it a really good read
 This is the second Dan Brown book I have read. Now I am a fan of Dan Brown
 Great book is a must read!!!
 Got the book and the CDs, and video and enjoyed hearing the book and following along with it in the book. Went out afterwards and got more CDs and books, and videos by this author. Enjoying them all.
 What can I say? Excellent book by Dan Brown and awesome customer service!
 I can't wait to read it, I have heard good things about this book
 Dan Brown's Angels and Demons is a wonderful book full of twists and turns that lead you endlessly into the following chapters.
 Another great book to make me stop and think.  Anything that make a person stop and question things is a great book.
 A real page-Turner and more thought provoking than the DaVinci Code  I very much will now recommend it to the ether
 I really liked the book. riveting story and great details. i cant wait to read the another book from this author
 I, too, first read Dan Brown through Da Vinci Code and decided to read an earlier work.  In many ways, I found Angels and Demons to be more spell-binding, albeit also gorier, than the better know book.  It would be quite difficult to make a film of Angels.  By including a substantial excerpt from Deception Point, the publishers have hooked me to plan on reading it too.
 I love this book! Great read!
 Very interesting!  Obviously very well researched.  I found the plot believable and the facts fit into the storyline easily.  A great read.
 The book was a gift to my husband, and he loved.  Very intriguing aspect of good against evil.  Would recommend it.
 Amazing. Fantastic. Good job overall. Don't really want to write more. Just read the book. Ridiculous. Great. Fantastic. I recommend this book highly to all of my friends.
 Great to read before a trip to Rome!
 Worth every penny and minute spent.
 great great
 Brilliant. Full of twists and turns.<br/>Interesting dialogs about science vs. religion
 Here's one reason that you should read this book: the absurdity of the plot, the sheer improbability of the events is really titillating. Each of the book's two-and-a-half page chapters ends with a mind-blowing revelation. (Not for nothing do many of his readers call Brown the king of the cliffhanger.)<br/><br/>But then . . . the cliffhangers and plot-twists are mind-numbingly formulaic. Not only does the reader quickly gain the ability to predict what will happen next, the high level of "excitement" (generated by the plot's twists and incredible subject matter) first begins to wear on the reader, and then quickly leads to boredom. In short, the writing detracts from whatever story is there to tell.<br/><br/>One further point: I've been dismayed to see among the reviews for this book and the DaVinci Code comments to this effect: "Dan Brown is just the greatest researcher and tells you all kind of cool things you never knew before about all this stuff." Please do not believe the "facts" strewn throughout Brown's books. Most of his history and theology is ridiculous. An example: Brown's protagonist (Robert Langdon) claims that the Christian Church got its idea of the Eucharist from the Aztecs. Never mind that Christianity had roughly 1400 years of Eucharistic theologizing under its belt before it ever encountered an Aztec. Dozens of similar examples could be found.<br/><br/>So please read carefully, skeptically, and, if you read Angels and Demons at all, read it for what it is: a fluffy page turner.
 Fun series, I enjoy all his books~
 Great suspense.
 Great book, real page turner. The movie does not do the book justice, must read! This book had so many twists and turns it always kept me guessing and shocked me a few times.
 This book was great as all of the Roobert Langdon books have been I still enjoyed the other one's more but this book didn't disappoint.
 A roller coaster ride like no other, Dan Brown has managed to ignite a fire within, and I cannot wait to start reading another book. This particular book has inspired wonder and curiosity about the history of religion and conspiracy theories related to it. Impressive and unexpected.
 My favorite book in the Robert Landon series .
 Dan Brown expertly wove a complex storyline so the reader could believe the research stretched just far enough o make this a fun ride.
 I didn't get into this in the same way as Davinci Code but it is very interesting, especially if you are going to Rome where most of the audio book is centered.  It's a little 'futuristic' with a superfast jet, falling out of a helicopter without a parachute and living, etc., but it will hold your interest on a long drive.  Long book.
 This is a must have if you really want to visualise what each and every monument specified in the book really looks like. comes with 150 pictures but yes-expensive!<br/>Only if you are really into the illuminati and vatican legends hardcore-go for this-if not-watch the movie :)
 Good
 I just returned from Italy and my only regret is that I didn't  read this before my trip. Nonetheless, this book is so ingenious in it's twisting plot and the tumultuous journey so exciting I enjoyed it immensely. I am so impressed with the descriptions of many of the places I visited in Rome. I wonder about the hours of research that were necessary to accomplish this so accurately.
 the book was really good.  I read it before a long time ago and it still held my interest as I could not remember what would happen next.  Good Book!
 Excellent.
 It was not only informative, but very exciting.  If you are interested in the Vatican and/or like action novels you will like this book.
 Not as good as his Da Vinci Code. There were parts in the book that seemed to be long-drawn and took forever to get to the main point. If a book is good I can read it in a week or less. This one took me months because it did not catch my attention. That's why I say it's okay.
 Liked it, don't know if it were a pin off of D'Vinci code or not but it was good readung
 Excellent Dan Brown book as usual
 Great book!
 Similar to the movie but a little different in places
 The plot is quite hard to fathom...but the author is fairly good at mixing fact with fiction.
 A quick, captivating page thriller that I will return to over the years.
 This book was so much better than the movie. I absolutely loved it. The twists and turns were entrancing as the book progressed.
 I read the book but listening to it truly brings it alive!
 Another great book by Dan Brown. Moves fast with a totally unexpected ending.
 Amazing!
 I couldn't put it down. An incredible whodunnit mystery. A thrill ride through Rome, Italy speeding towards the unexpected end.
 I found it very interesting while at the same time fast and full of action. A bit of history mixed with art and religion. Fascinating theories.<br/>Interesting way of mixing Catholic Christianity and perceived evil. Well researched.
 If you like Dan Brown, I'm sure you love all of his books. I highly recommend reading them if you're looking for some suspense and adventure.
 All of Dan Brown's novels are intriguing  They compel us to more fully explore the history and issues which he brings to his novels.  As usual, a great read.
 Good read
 good
 Even better than the davinci code!
 Good book
 Great Product! Fast delivery!
 I loved this book.  it was thoroughly researched and the plot was very well thought out.  also the twist in the end will make you gasp.  also don't get too attached to certain characters ;)
 so interesting and kept my attention thru out.<br/>So  much knowledge from author about surroundings I felt I was there.
 good reading
 Liked DaVinci Code more
 OK book - but tired of this story line I guess.
 I love everything I have read by Dan Brown.  Consistently keeps you on your toes and I never want to but these books down!  Thanks you Dan Brown for another great book!
 This book may be a bit long, but it was by far one of my best reads. Dan Brown really made things interesting here. Always with new twists and turn to the plot that just made things unpredictable. Also the cloud feature really helped me to read on the go. I would definitely recommend this to others.
 Part of the Robert Langdon series. Thrilling.
 Really Enjoyed.
 Did I read the same book as the other reviewers?  Although, the book was full of very interesting facts, they were interwoven into the story in a very annoying way.  The narrative was overly melodramatic, amateurish, and  sometimes downright silly. For people with a  deadline to meet they  sure  had a lot of time to discuss everything to death.  The plot was just plain  ludicrous.
 So I have to write twenty words to tell people that this is a good book, well written and riveting.
 Love the series and loved the movie.
 This was a second read for me. It still had the same excitement as the first time around ten years ago when I read it the first time. If you enjoyed the Davinci Code you will like Angels and Demons. The revisit to the world of Dan Brown's fiction was fun.
 Nonsense ! utter nonsense. Started off well, and eventually became bizarre ! I dislike I wasted so much time on this nonsense !
 The book is full of action and surprises, besides a good description of Vatican City and the Pope's guard.<br/>If you like fiction mixed with real life, I think you will enjoy.
 I really enjoyed the story.  Very fun, even if it' a bit unbelievable at times.  Some of the "turns" seem a bit forced and I was disappointed that Robert Langdon didn't realize right away that the papal convention was going on..... Hello?
 Liked
 Thrilling intrigue and suspense. A good read.
 It was difficult to put the book down, very suspenseful most times. Again as with "Inferno" this book painted a colorful picture of the surroundings &amp; some of the history, facts &amp; myths surrounding the Vatican &amp; the Roman Catholic Church. I like the personality &amp; character of Robert Langdon!
 Great book well worth the read
 HIS BEST NOVEL I HAVE READ THEM ALL
 Had trouble putting it down, wanted to keep reading.
 My friend who lives in Rome suggested this book. I generally avoid Dan Brown, and sort of wish I had avoided this book.  His research was great, if you can believe all of his information, and the well described locations all over Rome were marvelous, but ........  Two, not one but TWO, men fall out of a helicopter very high above Rome and land unharmed?  Many other plot devises were quite difficult to digest.  Plus, Brown seems to have a personal vendetta for the Catholic Church.  God certainly knows a lot of evil has been done in the name of religion and the church probsably leads the pack, but Brown's problem seems rather personal.  Maybe he was abused by a priest?
 This was a true mystery right to the end.. I was very thrilled with this story it did not disappoint... All Dan Brown fans should read this book if you are after a great mystery
 I like just about anything Dan Brown has written so far.
 Great audio book!
 great author
 Great read kept me up many night! I enjoyed this as much as the Da Vinci Code
 I found this to be a very likable book although sometimes there is too much information which I suppose is necessary but it creates "hard going" at stages.
 Great book!
 This is a book one will not be able to put down.  The facts are extremely interesting and the twists, surprising.  Read and Enjoy!!  Another great book by Brown.
 Book was a true thriller with a lot of plot twists!  Kept me engaged throughout!  Loved the ending.  Definitely as good if not better than his other works.
 shipped as expected
 Much better than the other book....
 This book came to me in almost perfect condition and on time.  I enjoyed it and look forward to more Dan Brown books!
 Too scientific at the beginning, dull progress in the midst of the story and much weeping at the climax with tears. Don't expect as da Vinci code, but a good entertainment novel.
 Self reading
 You learn a little bit about Robert Langden, like how he first got into solving these symbol crimes, I wish I would have read this before the Da Vinci Code (another good book). There is a huge twist towards the end and it is a must read. Keeps you turning the pages.
 I did not realized that I was getting the special illustrated edition but have enjoyed very much.  I was in Rome and saw the Vatican.  I have enjoyed the pictures and seeing some of the places that I had visited.
 This was a very good book. I would say that 90% of the book was nothing like the movie. Still, I enjoy them both and was glad I saw the movie first. I do plan to get more of Dan Brown's books.
 Dan Brown just seems to write the same book over-and-over.  This book is so similar to "The Da Vinci Code" that it's just deja vu reading it.
 amazingly gripping book that you can't put down
 Great read with unexpected twists and turns until the end. Took off two stars for the ending. Will read his next endeavor.
 Great Book. I hope to finish the serious. I highly recommend this book.
 If one is interested in science and can understand and appreciate the frequent use of French and Italian, it is as tremendously interesting book to read. The plot flows smoothly and incites interest in the next events.
 Interesting story ..a considerable amount of historical reference related to the Catholic church.  Easy reading and keeps you on edge.
 GOOD
 Great book (page turner)! Thanks to Dan Brown I felt like I was back in Italy. People who like riddles and Rome's beauty will like it. I loved it!!! I would chose this one as well for a movie (in addition to DaVinci Code).
 Excelent
 Forced to read this book for a class. I can see why people would like this book but I found the style to be a bit to simple and the plot rather easy to pick apart.
 An awesome plot with many twists and turns. Keeps your interest. You want to find out what will happen next.
 Another winner from Dan Brown
 A very easy read.  Some rather interesting and fun facts(?) in the novel that definitely make you want to take a trip to Rome to verify its assertions.
 I don't usually recommend books to others because I myself am very picky about what I ready.  I don't care for conspiracy theories.  This book is about a conspiracy theory (or is it?).  The illuminati is a very interesting conspiracy story.  How things are connected until the end is simply brilliant.  And the ending! One can predict it but still enjoy it.
 Typical Brown, extremely readable, enjoyable.  His books always make you think even if you have the opposing point of view.
 Excellent release from Dan Brown. Once I picked it up I just couldn't put it down. The Da Vinci Code was a great book, and this just continues to feed you.
 I read this from a recommendation from a teacher who knew I enjoyed stories revolving around conspiracies. Dan Brown does an excellent job of keeping the reader on edge throughout the entire novel and his storytelling is great. The characters are vivid and are fun to follow. This is a must read for anyone who enjoys thrillers
 it was a just can't put it down cause I gotta know what happens next book. Every page leads into the next and keeps you guessing and trying to put the story line together. Just enough of all of the ingredients that make a book good.
 I couldn't put this book down.  It was fast paced and kept my attention every minute.  The detail in this story is fabulous as are all the characters.  I really enjoyed the character of Robert Langdon and I hope Brown writes more books with him in it.  The DaVinci Code features Langdon also and I'm almost finished with it.  Angels and Demons is a book not to be missed.  Wonderful.
 This book has always been a favorite of mine. My only problem with buying this was that it did not have a dust cover, but for the price I can't really complain.
 This book was thrilling from page one. It kept you wondering what was next. Would recommend it for a good read
 Yet another can't-put-it-down action packed thriller filled with unexpected twists. A thought provoking and interesting the book with a marvelous plot. Bravo Dan Brown
 good book
 Absolute thriller. Dan sure does a lot of study of existing monuments and artifacts and weaves then into an amazing plot
 Good
 Well told story.  It was filled with plenty of mystery and suspense to keep the pages turning. And an ending to surprise.
 Dan Brown does it again with his suspense. However, people come to me about his books, and they must remember this is fiction and the organizations he uses in the stories have nothing to do in these type of dealings. but it does make a good read.
 Good read! I'm glad I had watched the movie before I read his book, otherwise I would have hated the movie. Because I watched the movie first, the book was a little slow starting out but once I got to the middle I didn't want to put it down!
 So much action, adventure, history, and enough description to make you feel like you're running with the main characters themselves! Dan Brown is the master of all endings. Just when you think you know.... you really don't.
 Fascinating historical details....
 Acceptable
 book keeps you on yours toes, had no discipline and stayed up waaay too late reading it. LOVE DAN BROWN AND I HATE FICTION
 While the movie was entertaining, the book was fascinating and exciting. Very hard to put the book down as you're continuously want to know what happens next.
 I am a Christian but found myself totally engrossed in this book -finding myself giggling at the imagination of the author.  Restores my faith in my living Saviour Jesus Christ who shed His blood for me on Mount Calvary.
 I love every single book in the series. Robert Langdon is one of my favorite characters. Each book is better than the last.
 The book is fantastic and by far the best he has written; the pace is unbelievably fast and the plot full of twists till the end. The kind of book you read again and again
 Amazing. This is the first Dan Brown book I've read, and I sincerely look forward to reading many more works by him. Angels and Demons kept me on the edge of my seat and I found myself so excited to return to the book every night as I curled up on the coach. Such a great book! Read it now, right now.
 Suspenseful with many plot twists and turns. Keeps you guessing. It's hard to put down. Dan Brown does a lot of research for his novels.
 Good
 Good Book
 Fun to read but a bit drawn out  and to predictable
 Very intriguing and interesting.
 good book..
 Had good twists and turns in the plot, and I always love having the historical background to his novels, too.
 The best book out of the 4 of the Robert Langdon series.  Fast paced very entertaining. 3rd time reading it and still enjoy it.
 ok
 Fun read. Very different from the movie. Would've like to see more of the book in the movie. Interesting twist at the end.
 A very good read.
 Book was as as advertised and delivery on time.
 I always enjoy Dan Brown books. Definitely a good read.
 Good read. Not my favorite but ok.
 Way better than the movie, even though I saw it before I read this book, I was surprised about how it ended
 Outstanding.  Suspenseful from start to finish.
 Great book. Learned a lot. Wish the movie would've been about 40 or so minutes longer and rated R
 This book was a gift to my daughter. The book itself came in excellent condition.
 great book
 Good read
 Very good read. What I expected when I Choose this book to read. Brown is an excellent story teller. Try it.
 Great book, could not put it down!
 Awesome book
 It was fascinating.  I couldn't put it down.  There were interesting tidbits about Masons through the years of history and about the Vatican City that outsiders never see.
 Well worth the read....this book will get your heart racing and your mind working. I thought the end was kind of anti-climatic.I was hoping for a little bit more than Robert hopping into bed with Vittoria. But overall a great book. My mind was engaged fully.
 Loved every page of the book from start to finish! The only regret being I waited this long to read it!
 Keeps you on the side of your seat the whole way through. Love Robert Langdon, great character; excited to read more of his adventures. Also love that Dan Brown gets facts to support his book!
 Good Read!
 Aside from one unbelievable event, near the end of this book,I found that i just couldn't put it down. After reading The Davinci Code I was looking for something as spellbinding, and this book far outshines his other works.<br/><br/>If the ending of the Davinci Code left you wanting more, as it did me, you'll be more than satisifed after reading Angels and Demons.
 Great
 Not as good as other Dan Brown novels, but it was a fun read...
 Amazing! Keeps you on the edge of your seat!
 I ordered this Kindle book from the page for Angels and Demons Illustrated Edition, hoping to get access to all the great color photos and detailed maps found in the hardcopy version.  Dissapointed to find that they are not there!  The Kindle version shouldn't be on the same page!<br/><br/>So, if you go to this page<br/><br/>http://www.amazon.com/Angels-Demons-Special-Illustrated-Langdon/dp/B005DIB5AI/ref=sr_1_1_title_1_pap?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1370296892&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=angels+and+demons+illustrated+edition<br/><br/>Don't order the Kindle version - it's NOT the illustrated version!!
 Very well written book and captivating. Couldn't put it down.
 This book makes you think....a fine thriller loaded with interesting facts and theories. The style is a bit trite but this is a book well worth reading...then grab the Da Vinci Code
 I have watched the movie first witch by the way I liked it.<br/>But the book is so much more. It was like a totally new experience.
 The story was never predictable, kept me entertained without overloading me with complex explainations. Nice historical backgrounds given about areas book is talking about.
 Really good book. I usually don't read fiction but my friend suggested me this book and I enjoyed it from cover to cover.
 Dan Brown keeps you so interested that you don't want to put the book down.  I like how he mixes facts into the story so not only is it entertaining, it is educational also.
 People take things out of context. People seem to see things that are not there. Just read it for what it is, a very good story. Nothing more nothing less.
 Exelent, can't stop reading, brillant plot.<br/>Every book from Dan Brown is a real thing, you start to belived that they actually are real.  Thanks
 Amazing read...could hardly put it down! Easy to understand follow and yet it kept the mind entranced. Dan Brown is an amazing writer.
 Really enjoyed the book
 This book is absolutely great. There is suspense in it and you don't want to stop reading it. The storyline is great and you even learn new stuff (e.g. about CERN or antimatter).
 Easy going for them English is not native. You can feel that the writer is professional in "how to be simple without losing in content"
 another thrilling page turner by dan brown! i read the da vinci code before i read a&amp;d, hence my first statement! i'm really looking forward to the next langdon adventure.
 Dan Brown is an amazing author! I highly suggest giving one of his many books a try! There is always amazing adventures that makes you never want to put the book down!
 I enjoyed the book very much.  I had seen the movie along time ago and it didn't make a lot of sense to me, now that I read the book it was by far much better then the movie and explaine all of the missing parts in the movie.
 Trying too hard to show off his knowledge by creating many 'explanations' from the current scene - a big interruption and to certain point, I found it irritating and just wanted to finish the book quickly.
 This book was a page turner! I couldn't put it down. Very suspenseful and a good read while traveling in Rome!
 Awesome book, enjoyed reading it a lot.
 Fantastic read that kept me wanting to read every second of the day when I could. I never wanted to put the book down.
 It kept my interest, a good read. I really liked the content in the book.
 good condition, thanks
 Misplaced my original copy, wanted to read it a again and it completed the series.Book delivered quickly and in great condition.
 Looking for something to read-this is it.  One more book in his line up that is a great read-must have.
 Amazing book.
 The plot was good, but a bit long-winded in some parts, it seems that the author wanted to get you a bit confused in the middle.. But the Ending was very surprising to say at least..<br/> ...]
 A wonderful and thrilling read from chapter one. Looked forward to every free moment to continue were I left off.
 It will keep u hooked the all time with twists long the way. Excellent book to read when on vacation
 Good
 It holds the reader's attention.
 Suspenseful, art and historically informative ... great story full of twist and turns, lots of factual informations about Vatican customs and Papal voting procedures ...
 Once again...Brown did it.  Could not stop reading. He is a master of the pen. Read the entire book on a flight from LA to NYC.
 Very enjoyable could not put it down good plot with good twist bear the end will read his other books
 The book was super cheap, in GREAT condition. It basically was brand new
 The story is so exciting that I want to read the book non-stop, although I like the author's next book (Da Vinci Code) better.
 Book is well paced and he keeps you in suspense. However sometimes his tangents go on too long and you to tell him to get to the point. Overall a very good book.
 Another "page-turner " from Dan Brown!
 awesome read
 Great book
 Okay
 The historical background in tandem with the duality of science and religion create a gripping novel that left me yearning for more answers both spiritually and intellectually.
 Very good fiction. Take care, though, to not consider any of the content as true. The book is full of debatable "facts", whereof some are for sure completely wrong. But as a book for pure entertainment it is totally brilliant!
 Way too many implausible events occurred that made the entire plot unbelievable and make the book appear to have been written with the primary objective of being made into an action drama movie
 Item received in good condition and in a timely manner.  Am currently enjoying it very much!
 Interesting and hard to put down.  I liked the pace of the story line and the historical accuracy.  A great read.
 i've read this book yearsa ago. second reading good  picked up things i didn't get before. worth while read for all.
 This book is badly edited.  The Italian is often absurd and, for instance, "camerlengo" is constantly given as "camerlegno."  At one point Olivetti, the commandante of the Swiss Guard claims that the "camerlegno" has not even been canonized yet.  Huh!
 Dan Brown always writes winners and he includes mystery and intrigue, with such intricate descriptions of the surroundings that I feel as though I'm right there.
 Last week I finished the most fantastic suspense book I've ever read.  If you like a good suspense/who done it/will they make it/ romance/comedy that keeps you on the edge right up until the last page...then you will love Angels and Demons by Dan Brown.  As you all know, this same guy wrote the DaVinci Code.  I am currently reading the DaVinci Code, and am 100 pages in, and while it's a great book...I don't think it's nearly as attention grabbing as Angels and Demons.  This book will keep you guessing.  I thought I had it all figured out by the middle and he tricked me!  I couldn't believe it.  This book also tries to balance out the forces of science and religion, which was very nice for a Christian chemist where it seems you have to choose one or the other.  It also has some art history, architecture, and basically is just one wild ride through the streets of Italy.  Whether the science or history is accurate doesn't really matter...the book is too intriguing to get caught up in that.  I would and have recommended this book to friends, family, and even strangers on the street.  An Excellent read!
 You won't want to put this thrilling book down!
 Great listening...really quickly passed the time while in bumper to bumper traffic. Dan Brown knows his stuff and knows how to spin a suspenseful yarn!
 Dan Brown makes you think and give reason as to why you believe religiously.  so if you are just going along with the crowd hmmm he might confuse you.
 Couldn't put the book down until I got to the end.  It was like I was in Rome with Robert Langdon as he was going from church to church.
 I found this to be a good book.  Started slow but towards the end I found myself not able to put it down
 Near the beginning of this story, the protagonist Langdon goes deep underground at the Cern laboratory, about six stories under the earth. Once down there, Brown writes, a damp wind rustled out of the darkness, an unsettling reminder that they were now deep in the earth. As far as I know wind doesn't blow underground. This was just another example that Brown's writing is for entertainment purposes only, not actual facts. Problem is, so many people think his works are meticulously researched and chocked full of actual facts and figures. They're not. That's why I'm probably able to enjoy his  books more than some of my friends. I suspend belief totally!
 This book is very good. Being a member of the Freemasonry myself I found this book to be very interesting and well researched. I would definitely recoomend this book to anyone.
 A great read...
 This book was a close second to "The Da Vinci Code".  Enjoyed it very much.  Another one of those books that you can not put down.
 Loved it. Captivating.
 I saw the movie first. And, as in most cases, the book is definitely better. I'll recommend it to my friends.
 This book was too hard to put down. What a surprise on the ending you will never guess who was behind it all..
 Very good book. Enjoyed every second spent reading it.
 Sent for this book because I couldn't locate my previous copy. Certainly worth buying again - and this time with all the great illustrations!
 Very good book but a little worn when I received it.<br/>Cover had scrathces and some pages seemed to have gotten wet and then dried.
 The book is very addictive. You would not like to keep the book down till it is completed. Very fast phased. Makes you think and enjoy.
 A little behind the curve, but excellent read!  Will keep you on the edge of your seat.
 love Dan Brown and this was the only one I didn't have in hard copy and when I got it I read it again and enjoyed it again
 Fast paced, non-stop action. Loved all the historical references and plot twists. A visit to Vatican city is now on my bucket list.
 Very good book.
 Loved this book. second time I've read it and it still took me by surprise and got my pulse pumping
 Dan Brown is one of my favorite authors because his books all have an in depth amount of research. I have learned more reading his books than many high school classes.
 Great Book,  I couldn't put it down once I started.
 I really, really liked this book.  Even though it was full of highly improbable events and a timeline that seemed almost impossible, it kept you on the edge of your seat and drew you in.  I enjoyed it much more than the movie.
 loved it! Dan Brown is great.
 Excellent!  A thoroughly researched and exciting tale that truly leaves you with an inability to put it down!  Kudos to Dan Brown again!
 this book is in the tradition of Dan Brown stories. This one is all about quantum physics and the possibilities with anti matter.
 Certainly one of  the most interesting page turner. Interesting, filled with loads of facts and fiction. Waiting to read the other books of Dan Brown.
 I liked the original for how it tied symbolism to history.  This book was just too unbelievable and, it just dragged on.  It was not as good as the Davinci Code.
 My husband wanted this book for his birthday.  But we just bought a house and I hadn't had time to do any shopping ... except online!  This book was a hit!  He sat for an hour after he got it, looking through the illustrations and is greatly looking forward to reading it.  Thank you Amazon!  You make it so easy!
 I enjoyed the DaVinci Code, so I bought this book.  I could not put it down!!  Great reading, keeps you at the edge of your seat until the end!!!
 Excellent book. A real page turner. Very difficult to put down. I am excited to start the Da Vinci Code. If it is half as good as Angels and Demons, it will be a great read.
 Changed me from a non believer of God to a believer. I'm 14 and cannot comprehend my thanks for this novel.
 I literally did not want to put it down!!! One of best books I have read in a very long time!!!
 This book was very intellectual and entertaining. The plot is great and the story is laid out perfect. Great work from the author, I felt like I was in Rome as I read this. And I felt captivated by the hunt for the mysterious Illuminati. I couldn't put it down.
 Angels and Demons By Dan Brown.<br/> This was not the first Book I read from Dan Brown, but it is by far my Favorite! I loved the book, could not put it down easily, and rushed back to it when ever I could! I found myself totally Immersed in the Plot, was actually breathless a couple times, and felt like I was right at Langdon's shoulder the whole time. It's fiction, you know that when you start it, so enjoy it! I did!
 Great book. Ending is a little hokie but an overall good read.
 Yes
 I liked this a s the way that Rachel was the innocent party from the time she was sent to promote the new rock to the realisation that it was a fake.<br/>The interweaving of the Controller was brilliant. A good read and well worth recommending.
 Fantastic and always kept you on the edge of your seat. This book read easily in a weekend, and had me in awe the whole time. I throughly enjoyed this.
 A fun read. Good sequel to DaVinci code. I read it in a few days. Don't read it if you don't want your opinion of the Catholic Church shaken...
 Mr. Brown will take you across Europe with one of the most amazing adventures that you'll ever go on.  How he thinks up these incredible stories is beyond me.  But again he has done his research well and again takes you with him so that you feel you are there cheering his characters on.  A real page turner.
 These are the kind of books that make non-readers become readers. It was just the right amount of action and history. Fun to read. It is especially great if traveling in Rome at the time.
 Came in perfect condition!
 I'm a big fan of brown's books and think they're great pastime. love the short chapters which keeps you going for more and more. the formula is becoming a little stale though.
 Great book!
 I wish Dan Brown would write another book soon.  I learn a lot from Robert Langdon's travels.
 I was skeptical of the subject matter when I began reading; I was enthralled after the first chapter! Couldn't put it down once I began reading ...
 Nice
 Page turner....its very hard for me to sit still and read things but this had me captivated from beginning  to end
 Very captivating read. Enjoyed all the suspense and the symbolism. I found myself trying to guess what happened nest. I enjoy novels I can experience that delight with.
 One of the best books I've read, ever. This book is a must read for everyone. I saw the movie first and loved it and although this is a little different than that, I very highly recommend it.
 The story is so gripping, you won't be able to stop reading once you begin. And the final is totally unexpected. I would recommend this book for everyone who likes thrilling and mystery-filled stories.
 Was surprised at the deep knowledge and understanding of the Vatican atmosphere. Great reading. Will look for more such ones.
 Very suspenseful. Geographically accurate.. Once I started this book I had a hard time putting it down. I read this on a kindle app on my ipad.
 Exciting storyline, extremely well-written account. The adventure includes known truths with believable characters whose escapades involve solving a mystery without being destroyed in the chase. Recommended for those who enjoy a swift-paced thriller.
 I loved this book, it is one of my favorites!
 Excellent!
 In great condition.
 Dan Brown mixes reality with fiction so beautifully, it just becomes so hard to know the difference. Reading this books is such an enriching experience.
 wonderful book, nice twist in the tale, well written and ofcourse the genius of Dan Brown to bring life into each character.
 I enjoy reading Dan Brown. He moves his books pretty fast and it's hard to put it down.
 Love
 The facts are wrong, the history is interesting yet more fiction than, oh I don't know, actual history? It was a good read, however it was fiction, not historical fiction. Robert Langdon is invincible, and the characters, as well as the plot, is all according to a specific formula. Langdon receives picture of a dead man, who's body has been- marked by an ancient cult! He travels to wherever the body is, and meets with an unfriendly man who has some kind of authority. The attractive daughter of the dead man shows up, and slightly grieves at the death of her father, then focuses on the important issue- stopping the ancient cult! That's the plot of the Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons, and The Lost Symbol. Apart from the criticism, it was a great book, lots of plot twists, a little corny, and overall a good book, I only have minor problems, which are listed above.
 I could not put this book down. it was incredibly exiting throughout the book. it also has one of the most unpredictable and best endings I've ever read. a must read!
 This was a great book. Definitely a page turner right until the end.  I would read this book again.  All of Dan Brown's books are fabulous!
 I liked this book as well or better than the more famous sequells. It's a good read and I understand that you can go an a tour of the sites if you visit Rome.
 It's a real page-turner!  It gets a little far-fetched, but that's what these novels are about, I guess.  I love the religion/science juxtaposition....makes one think!
 Love Dan Brown  Good read
 Great suspense, great description of Rome's cities and buildings !
 It gets you hooked until to the last page.
 Awesome book that got better and better with each turn of the page.  Dan Brown did not disappoint and I can't wait to read his newest book.
 Excellent book
 Still one of my favorite books, it was awesome to get it for so cheap:)
 The best book of Dan Brown I've read till  now.
 Great story with wonderful tour and description of the Vatican. Could'nt put it down.. Ending was disapointing. Recomending to friends.
 This was a good book to read to continue the series. Very good details and descriptions. As usual with Dan Brown, full of action.
 This book kept me up much past my bedtime for a few nights.  It's a page turner.  Love Dan Brown and his Robert Langdon series.
 I read the Da Vinci Code prior to this one &amp; Angels &amp; Demons is just as good or better so far! The book is in good condition, with good size print.
 Awesome 👍 great reading condition and was received pretty quickly.
 Good read. Should've been lot shorter though.<br/>The ending is over stretched. Having 2nd thoughts on reading davanci code now
 The many pieces to this mystery are all wrapped up in a nice logical package with the obvious conclusion just waiting for you to get to it.  Then the author cleverly pulls the rug from under you and you have to abandon your predictions.  Dan Brown is truly a doctor of words and a master weaver of intrigue.  Best book I've read this winter.
 While reading it I thought it was okay, but the closer I got to the ending the better it got. Great mystery novel.
 I cant believe they can make any money selling books for a penny. I will continue to books from this buyer.
 The book was really gripping .. The story was told in a a very lucid manner. A must read for those who like thrillers.
 I really liked this book, however I knew allot of the things that were about to happen before they did. Simple reader I guess. :)
 This was a Xmas gift for my son.  He's never been a big reader, but he said he couldn't put it down.  He is now working on the third Dan Brown book.  He highly recommended it.
 keeps you guessing
 I love this book and cannot wait until I finish the series!
 Once you start it is hard to put down! Sometimes you are not sure if it is fiction or not.....
 One of the best books I have read. Dan brown is a genius. He intellect of the church and illuminati is tremendous.
 This book was amazing. Loved it so much. It was an absolute page turner. Brilliant work by Dan Brown. Wish he writes more interesting books in the future.
 very satisfied
 interesting and really good story
 It was a bit darker than the other Dan Brown books I have listened too, but I enjoyed it just the same.
 Much better than the movie! First listened prior to the movie coming out while on vacation and after that I was hooked on audio books while driving.
 Can't wait to go back to Rome!! I always learn so much reading Dan Brown's books.  Can't wait to watch the movie.
 Engaging and worth the read. Many twists and turns.
 I love anything by Dan Brown.  Angels and Demons is GREAT!
 This book will make you wish that you could read faster, it is a riveting and exciting read that is hard to put down.
 Will read soon when it arrives
 A profound work of art by an artist of writers! I was connected to every word! Excellent Read! Thank You.
 I couldn't put it down!  I love books like that!
 Can't wait for the movie.  This might be the best Dan Brown yet.  I felt like I was there in Florence and Venice, particularly.  Can't wait for his next novel.
 This was a great read that kept my attention! I love the historical and art references and how the mystery comes together.
 A fantastic book for all you non book readers like me. You will not be able to put this book down.
 I read dan brown for first time. I find this book a good read for one time. Science, romance,fun, terror, symbology  everything incorporated in one book.
 Excellent read! Non stop entertainment. Very surprising ending. Full of exciting twists and turns. Would definite recommend this to anyone!
 Fantastic. Must read.
 I prefer this story both as a book and the movie. Way better than the DaVinci code, which I think was written after this book. Dan Brown not my favorite writer by a long shot but this is full of twists and turns. Even though I've re-read it and seen movie a couple of times still great story.
 Dan brown starts off at an exciting pace but his books seem to drag on in the end. This one was no different.
 A perfect page turner. You just cannot put the book without completing it. I turned iut to be an ardent fan of Dan Brown's works
 I read this book on the recommendation of my granddaughter who is a practicing Wiccan. Ah! Children!<br/><br/>I read the work after having talked with her about Mr. Brown's other masterpiece "The Da Vinci Code". They are similar tomes. The stories they tell are good, but the points they try to make are bogus. They both play on the idea of a Catholic church conspiracy dating back before Constantine. The "facts" they perport to make are either false in themselves or are used to establish a set of conclusions that "do not compute".<br/><br/>I gave this book 2 stars for its story. That is probably 2 more than it deserves.
 A few slow parts but definitely a page turner.
 The book condition was exactly as described.  I appreciated that I could save money and still get a clean copy.  The book is written in the same manner as his original "The DiVinci Code" and is enjoyable reading.  I am very pleased with the transaction and product.
 Excellent book with a great mystery to follow with a nice twist. The last 150 pages of the book could have been summarized into 50 pages while still having the same effect.
 Great writing, fast paced which flowed very well.  Already have recommended to many friends.  Another Dan Brown home run !!
 First Dan Brown book I've read, enjoyed it very much, and will read the others.  The story keeps moving, and the detail is great!
 This was an absolutely amazing read. It keeps you wanting more from start to finish. I would recommend this book to all my friends.
 ... and some are broken.  The book's strengths (excellent pacing for much of the first half, an astonishing level of attention to detail of art and architecture) are overpowered in the climax by a series of questionable coincidences concocted to make the implausible conclusion have any sense of narrative cohesion.  This isn't Tom Clancy, where you can suspend disbelief and pretend that one man can indeed stop nuclear war if only he is on the telephone at the correct time, no, it beggars the imagination.  For a book which seems impressively researched, there are errors in Catholic theology (from who is eligible to be elected Pope to the Church's rationale for celibacy) and particle physics (too numerous to mention) which could have been caught by running the text past one of the undergraduate students of the main character.  Profoundly disappointing.
 Good reading. 5 stars
 Great book...great storyline. All around amazing!
 the book was interesting at first; but it went on and on  to the point of being boring. the end was disappointing
 Loved complexity of plot with all of its twists and turns.  Must read for anyone who loves a intricate mystery.
 Love the robert langdon character. Had to be attentive to the details to appreciate the intricacies of art and history.
 What an oustanding read. I was a little aprehensive at first because I'm not very religous. This one's right up there with "Deception Point". Going to have to get The Divinci Code next.
 I found the book very interesting.  Well researched .
 Reads like an action movie. Good if that's what your into.
 great read!
 Although it followed the book fairly well, there were various places the movie strayed from there.  The acting and directing of this movie were in my estimation excellent.
 The book had me on the edge of my seat the entire time.  Although there were minor disappointments throughout the book, it was impossible to put down.
 Another great book by Dan Brown
 Must read. A lot going on with multiple story lines. Out of the box ending. Historic locations and characters factual.
 This was another amazing book by Dan Brown, his talent overflows in this book. If you're looking for a good descriptive novel, this is by far a good one.
 Especially enjoyed the way Dan Brown makes  the reader feel right in the middle of things.
 This was an amazing book with so many twists and turns. I hardly put it down. I read the whole thing in about four sittings. Just absolutely incredible.
 Dan Brown at his best. Enthralling and well researched although lacking time lapse plausibility as in all his books.
 A excellent read.  I found it very difficult to put it down.  I am sure that I will read it again.
 While it was an easy read, I just wanted to get to the end. It did, however, convince me to visit Rome.
 Loved it. Wish I would have read it sooner after DaVinci Code. I love Dan Brown's books that are fiction -based -on- facts. They are very entertaining and keep my interest.
 Awesome book couldn't put it down dan brown is a complex, captivating writer and I can't seem to get enough of his books, don't know why it took me so long to start reading them?
 This book is absolutely amazing!! I could not put it down once I started it. This book has become my favorite book ever...highly highly doubt any book will ever knock it from that spot.
 A reasonable read but slow and tedious in some places.  Took a long time to set the scene and get to the point.
 Great book with exciting twists and turns with each page.
 Interesting read, but sometimes it gets too long and unecessarily detailed.
 Loved the history woven into the story.  This was a nail biter with a surprise ending.  Robert Langdon is my hero!
 Be sure to watch the movie first then read the book. It helps aid the visual story that Dan Brown creates.
 A must read book !
 One of the best books I've ever read. Dan Brown is a genius. I couldn't put it down once I picked it up because there was a twist every chapter. Great read.
 I re-read this book on my way to Rome, and blew me away again. I know there are some parts (especially towards the end) that are a little far fetched, but it's still a great story. I especially like how Dan Brown weaves fiction and fact together to create a fast paced thriller.
 dan brown on his best , history end plot, good caractors,and back grounds ,nice read,lost better than movie,pleasure to read
 Great book. A bit different from the movie, but just as good. I would recommend this book. Also, I would recommend reading the books in order.
 Awesome! A page turner for sure, I would read it again. As good or better then The Da Vinci Code.
 A page turner.  I couldn't put it down.  I was up to the wee hours of the morning trying to finish it, if I could have used tooth picks to keep my eyes open I would have.
 I read this book right after the movie came out and soon became hooked! Since then... I have bought the audio book as well as the actual book. The first book in the Dan Brown Langdon series... it follows Robert Langdon and his colleagues to solve the mystery of the possible return of the Illuminati and save the lives of 4 Vatican Cardinals! To make matters worse... someone has stolen the "God particle" which when become destabilized... creates the same amount of energy as an atom bomb! The particle has been placed somewhere in the Vatican and it is up to Langdon and team to discover where the particle has been placed, solve the mystery of the Illuminati, and save the lives of four kidnapped Cardinals... all before daybreak! A wonderful, fast paced read! I would recommend this book to anyone who is a Dan Brown fan!
 This book had me hooked from page 1. It was unpredictable, I can't wait to read more from this author.
 Excelent.
 Excellent thriller. Suspense right up to the end. Great plot and riveting read. Fantastic twist at the end. Great book.
 This was a riveting story that kept me on the edge of my seat! With each turn of the page, my mind came to a different conclusion.
 This is my favorite book by Dan Brown, yes even more than The DaVinci Code and I liked that book too. I read this book after I read The DaVinci Code but there is no need to read any of the Robert Langdon character books in a particular order.
 Good
 The story plot was amazing. Each line seeming real. The ambigrams awesomely accurate. In all a superb mixture of Mystery, Action and Thril
 Could not put the book down and I bought  the Di Vinci Code as well as the Lost Symbols.  Very exciting
 This book leaves a good deal to the readers imagination . I prefer a more believable story line that is consistent with reality.
 me encanto este libro, dan brown es un gran escritor .
 This is probably one of the best books I have ever read! I stayed up until the wee hours of several mornings soaking up all of its literal fascinations. A must read for everyone!
 My husband loved this book. Enjoy reading Dan Brown!!!
 I'm a big fan of Dan Brown. if you want a book that has you connected of the story and characters all the time, this is the book for you
 Spellbinding, with fantastic theological insight. woven around an unexpected love story.
 Fast delivery, but book, tho' new, showed signs of age.
 This was a great audioCD. The book was excellent and well read and it actually made me look forward to my hour commute just so I could listen to more of the story.
 Great book recommend
 Will someone please disable the italic setup and the exclamation point key from Mr. Brown's computer?
 Hard to get into.
 I would say so - the graphic portrayal of Rome and the 4 parallel stories-all woven into one fantastic whole!
 Some what slow reading in the beginning.<br/> Loved the details of the Vatican<br/>Way to heavy on the heroics in the end of a 24 hour time period.
 Great book
 Love it, and would recommend it as a must read to all.Did NOT want to stop reading it. One of my favorite reads
 It is a very good book.suprise within surprises u can never be sure of anything. A very goog entertainer. Dan brown
 Awesome story and great twists in the story
 Great book but a little bit slow.read if you like action and mystery books
 I found this book more captivating and entertaining than The DaVinci Code. It is definitely fast paced and exciting. A must read I would say.
 I had already read Angels &amp; Demons but once I saw this special edition, I wanted it to view the maps, pictures and illustrations of Rome. This is a beautiful book and I would recommend it to any Dan Brown fan!
 Angels &amp; Demons is riveting, thrilling and imaginative! Full of cliffhangers, twists &amp; vivid imageries, it is quite a page turner.
 With 200+ reviews before me, I don't have too much to add.  This was a fantastic book -- one of the best suspense books I have read in a while.  The characters were engaging and interesting and the plot made me stay up late into the night to finish the story.  I highly recommend this book.
 Very fast paced, you're never bored
 Angels and demons is a taut,suspenseful novel that will keep you on<br/>edge while symbologist Robert Langdon races against time to save<br/>Vatican City from apocalyptic terror.
 This book was noted to be in "very good" condition and it was.  Since it is a Christmas gift, condition is very important to me.  Thank you.
 love the fact that they bring in true history and art!! very captivating from start to finish. reccomended to anyone who enjoys thrillers
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book.
 Can not answer all the question because I am still reading the book so far a A plus
 Simply amazing!!!! One of the best novels I've ever read. Not only is it an exciting read but it's full if historical references and fact.
 It Keep me interested, couldn't put the book down.IHad to keep reminding myself that the book was fiction. Seond reading
 As usual, just a little far-fetched!!  But a great read nonetheless. Hard to put down which is my usual guage of enjoyment.
 Worth a second reading.  As always, better than the movie.<br/>Riveting action and a nice romantic undercurrent.<br/>Great summer read the first or second time.
 Dan Brown is an awesome author I would highly recommend any of his books to read I have never been disappointed in any of his books
 Very suspenseful and fast paced. Really enjoyed reading it for the second time while touring Rome.
 Like all dan brown
 Good
 Prompt delivery.  Good pricing.
 This is the second Dan Brown audio book I have purchased.  The style of his books makes them great for listening.  The narrator does a really good job.  It is unabridged, which is important to me when buying an audio book.
 Engrossing Book. But as usual, Dan falters at the concluding stage. Who is hassassin, in this case?
 I want 2 read it again it was so good, also just saw on the history ch. Angel &amp; Demons Decoded.
 This book was amazing. It left me wanting to read more of Dan Brown's work. This book is good for people wanting a mystery
 The suspense of not knowing what will come next.  Situations that seemed impossible to solve without dying.  This is a page turner.
 Amazon delivered the book as advertised in excellent condition and on time.  Dan Brown has done it again with this book.  It is great.  I try to never watch the movie before I've read the book and in this case I did just that.  Loved the book.  Mr. Brown is a very visual writer.  I can actually visualize the settings in his books since I've been to most of them and I appreciate that.  Keep 'em comin'.
 Edge of your seat thriller. Keeps you entertained from start to finish. I can't wit to read his nest book
 It was a very good book with lots of twists and turns. Only down fall it was a little long and drag a bit.
 Loved it as much or more than Da Vinci Code. Liked both of these a lot more than Lost Symbol
 100 percent recommend
 Awesome read. This was just a fun intriguing book. Eleven more words are needed. Kindle store is very very pushy.
 I am looking forward to the next books in this series. The movies do not give this book justice. Great read.
 Fast paced and Thrilling.<br/>Unpredictable turns in the story.
 Constant page turner could not put it Down one of the best books i have ever read by far it's a great book
 It held my interest immediately And didn't want to put it down! Very suspenseful! I would encourage my family and friends to read it!
 Just wow. Easy reading, lots of surprises and a lack of sleep..... Can't stop reading once you get started! Wow!
 Thrilling, a real page turner. This may be my favorite Dan Brown novel. Better than the DaVinci Code in my opinion.
 totally loved it, and you will to, takes you on a wild journey and doesnt let go, huge fan of dan brown and this book doess not disapoint will most likely be an instant favorite of urs aswell.
 If you like DaVinci Code and just about any other conspiracy theory book you'll love this one.
 classic dan brown thriller
 I really love the way Mr. Brown writes his prose.  He keeps you involved and makes a page turner from the very first page.
 A twenty-four hour history lesson in terror and triumph.  Don't read before trying to sleep - it may cause disturbing dreams.  Great writing and suspense, and the photos in this particular volume are out standing.  Highly recommended.
 I enjoyed this thriller. Went to see the Movie and was amazed to see pretty much the same things in the book were the same.
 this book is really hard to put down. Dan Brown is a great writer and you really get sucked in. this is the first book I read on my kindle fire.
 This was one of those amazing books that you don't want to put down. Amazing author!  A definite must read
 Twisting plot near the end was compelling.
 This book caused me a lot of trouble and some physical injuries...I always lost track of time while reading the book. The injuries were caused by holding the subway door due to I forgot to get the train....
 I read this AFTER reading the DaVinci Code, and would dare say it was even better!!! Very fast paced, loved the characters. A fun, intellegent read!
 I've read several D Brown novels already, and I always come back to this one. Angels &amp; Demons is the kind of book that you need to pry off your hands while your half way through to get anything done. Awesome story, must-have even for those who don't read often.
 I have read every one of Dan Brown's books and they just keep getting better.  Best prices are on Amazon.
 It got too tangled at the end, but still very suspenseful, would recommend to others that like mysteries and other Dan Brown books.
 really good book!
 The plot was so intriguing that I could not keep the book down.
 It is a great read. I could not put it down. Dan Brown keeps you on the edge of your seat.
 Well researched and full of details.
 Great read
 I got the book as it is displayed in image - brand new. Very happy to get such a nice book at such price. Also I received the book within 4 days, so very satisfied with the service.
 The perfect mixture of action, well researched history, mystery, and last but not least suspense. This book will keep you on your toes!
 I loved the book. Though its a used one,<br/>I never felt like I am holding a used book. I am glad that I chose this particular one.
 Easy to read and yet thrilling.
 We have thoroughly enjoyed listening to the book.  It arrived quickly in perfect condition.  Since we travel often, we have listened to our audiobook while we ride.  It's amazing how much shorter the trip is!
 It was difficult to put down. This author has me very intriqued. Can't wait to start on the next book. Angels and Demons....Loved the book, hated the movie!
 very exiting book is better than the movie.The book goes in more detell than the movie it's just great book
 This book is a very good read  and I recommend to anyone ,  the last 3 chapters  kind of go on and on and on and on  just get to the end already !  other than that  I just finished it  last night  and the movie version is  opening up today  in Chicago  so i'm excited about seeing the movie version
 Ok
 Grate
 I wish I could assign less than one star. I bought this because I wanted to start with the earlier books before reading the DaVinci Code. I'm assuming that the writing is much better in his later books. The triteness of his prose, the lack of continuity (where was the editor?) and his undeveloped characters with their stitled dialogues made me abandon my efforts to read the entire book. Umberto Eco he's not.<br/>Suspending belief is one thing, but you would have to suspend any expectation of good literature to read this. I have too many specific complaints to list here. Don't waste your time, even for a beach read.
 Dan Brown is one of my favorite Writers and I have read almost all his books by now. This one - Angels and Demons was pending for long and I was thinking to read it as soon as I get time to grab and finish. That's done. I don't mind reading good books again and again. This one lies in that category.<br/><br/>~jai
 Twists and turns.
 Excellently written, couldn't put it down. Over 500 pages, done in less then 3 days.
 I thought it was very good.  Hated to put the Kindle down.
 Fantastic
 This novel was even better than expected , loved it ! Dan Brown is a wonderful wordsmith , I can't wait for more .
 Great book at a great price.
 great, it arrived earlier than expected, thanks so much
 An Excellent read ...
 nice read, especially on kindle.
 Good reading.  Left me wanting to find out more<br/>This book is far better than any others Dan Brown<br/>has written
 This novel blends together fact and fiction into a story with excitement, betrayal, and global crisis.  It will have you looking up a lot of stuff on wikipedia, so be prepared!
 I had read the book and the movie was not what I expected.
 wildly urealistic
 Way better than the movie :)
 Simply.. The best..
 Very interesting - History of art and quite well written - great caracters and lots of suspense!
 A true thriller
 Good book, good read
 Great plot. Consuming fiction that's real - well almost!
 The story is fast, maybe sometimes way too much for me, but still, it was an awesome reading.<br/><br/>Usually I am not the bestseller-reader kind of guy, but I've recently purchased <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Wordplay-The-Art-and-Science-of-Ambigrams/dp/0593063759/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wordplay: The Art and Science of Ambigrams</a> by John Langdon (the name might unaccidentally sound familiar... :-)), which had some teaserish-spoilerish content on this book. I definitely suggest checking out that one as well, if you are interested in the ambigrams.
 Really Enjoyed this book - great read.
 I'm on the last 30 pages and I'm caught between wanting to finish it and NOT... I don't want it to end. This piece is a tightly-wound adventure teeming with historical references  don't believe everything you read!] that add a sense of believability to the texture of the characters interacting in their bizarre circumstances. Characters are revealed cleverly; unexpected action is ubiquitous; and the overall, intense corkscrew plot drives so hard and fast towards the conclusion that you'll forget it's happening all in one day. Bravo! and encore, please Mr. Brown.
 The pictures in this book add so much to the story. When I read it the first time, I had to keep going online to look up pictures of what was being discussed. The pages are heavy and high quality. What a great collector's item!
 Awesome Book!! I would definetly recommed this book
 The novel was well written as far as characters and plot goes. The theme was complicated, with all the purpoose of the word. As it should be. I enjoyed it very much. You see, a lot of people devour a good read. I don't; I savored each page as I've would A good brandy and a fine cigar after a hearty, excellent meal.<br/>Kudos again to Mr. Dan Brown, well done, ol' chap!
 Angels and Demons is an exciting thriller to read. I started reading it and couldn't put it down. The suspense was exciting and a real rush. There was several surprises, and never a dull moment. I reccommend this book to thriller enthusist, and people interested in mystery, and suspense.
 Nice Riveting Book
 this book is very good, I enjoyed reading it very much. It's a book that is easy to read.
 One of the best books I have ever read. Dan Brown is great. I love the kindle app for Android.
 Hard to put down.  I like that in a novel.
 it was perfect no skips, i was able to read a lot longer then i normally do. get it .
 ....one of the best books I have read in a long time.  Actually got this one read before the movie came out.  Would recommend to anyone who enjoyed DaVinci Code.
 After reading Inferno, I had to go back and begin reading the Robert Langdon series from the begin. I watched two of the movies based on these books first, but after reading my first Dan Brown book, I don't care to see any more movies. I am amazed at the detail and desciption in these books that a movie cannot convey. Can't wait to read all of Mr. Browns books!
 writing that will keep you at the edge of your seat.  a great addition to your Dan Brown library.
 just started it and enjoying it.
 Honestly, I can NOT make any comments on this book.<br/>IF I ordered this book, it was sent/given to another person(?!?)<br/>=I never read this book.<br/>YET, I did like "The DA VINCI CODE" that came later.
 I love the way Dan Brown uses symbols and ties them together with other groups that most people wouldn't connect together normallyand what he writes is actually true.
 this book was SO suspenseful - I love Dan Brown and the way he can weave a story sprinkled with Catholic history. I also love the Robert Langdon character. I enjoyed this book immensely!
 Good reading.
 Probably the best of Dan Browns novels, which covers historical facts crossed with a great fiction adevnture/thriller ride which leaves you to think long after the last page and even question your own religion.
 If the book had ended earlier, I would have given it five stars.  In fact, the first 75% of this book was TERRIFIC, but the last quarter of the book -- especially it's ending -- was so freaking dumb  ...]
 I will buy from this seller again.  Honest, speedy on delivery and went above and beyond.
 I purchased this book and 2 others for my son.  He loves them.  I have read all three in the series and enjoyed them myself.
 Fast-paced, lots of action.
 I really enjoy Dan Brown's books - Angels and Demons kept me turning the page with details that keep you thinking and looking ahead and a few twists and turns that appeared unexpectedly. A good, easy and uncomplicated read!
 If you loved the book, and love art and history, you should invest in this edition!
 It was good condition when I got it. I love this unabridged version. I say thank you for quick shipping and reasonable price.
 very suspenseful, great story, great for sci-fi lovers, somewhat historical but great read, would recommend it, fun read, you will love it
 I got the book from my Mom for my Birthday. I love it, cant put it down.
 This is book starts off good from the prologue.  I love the illustrations that help you visualize the story so you can really get the feel of the storyline.
 This book is an excellent read; fast-paced, interesting, interest holding. I always enjoy this author and will buy other books by him/her.
 Most people criticize this book because they claim that some of Mr. Brown's facts are inaccurate but these people have to realize that this is a fiction book, not a college text book. So if you can live with the fact that this book is fiction then you will enjoy a fast paced action thriller that takes you from Geneva to Rome and will leave you wanting more
 Great book
 I did finish the book-something I don't always do with really bad books.  This mind candy at it's worst.  Empty calories with no redeeming value.<br/><br/>This will make a movie like DieHard 27, or whatever.  It's a chase and crash book without the cars.  Come to think of it, the hero does carjack and wreck a car.  The plot is basically believeable but when Brown gets through with it, it is completely unbelieveable.  The plot is thin, character developement non existant, and the research superficial.  One Italian speaking reviewer said the Italian in the book made no sense.  One would think something so simple as that would have been checked out.<br/><br/>The high point of comedy is when our hero jumps from a helicopter, thousands of feet above Rome, with nothing but some sort of tarp for a parachute.  He just happens to land in the Tiber.  Not only does he live--He's uninjured!  He leaps out of the river and resumes his frantic chase.<br/><br/>This book was a total waste of time but, as I said, I did finish it.  I wanted to see what bazaar finish Brown would put on it.  It was as unbelievable as the rest of the book.
 I have even read it a second time.  Dan Brown is certainly a great author and I look for other books by Dan Brown.  Thank you Amazon for selling Dan Brown's books!  Sincerely, Donnie Day Patriarca
 I purchased the product used and there was obvious wear and tear on the packaging but noting I didn't already expect. I was very happy with the purchase and this was a great book.
 This is a great book.  The excitement never stops, from the beginning til the end.  Really enjoyed reading it.  I would definitely recommend this book.  Also, I highly recommend the other books written by Dan Brown.
 My nephew is putting a personal library together and requested this book. He was very excited to add it to his collection.
 If you read, and enjoyed Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code, you'll love Angels and Demons.  A&amp;D was written before DaVinci Code, but follows the same formula.  The book will remind you of DaVinci Code, but it is still very very different.<br/>BETTER I TELLS YOU!
 This was a used book but still in excellent condition.  Love the story line!!!!
 I really don't know how I feel about this book. I have not read it all and the part I have read is not really interesting but maybe it will get better as I read it.
 Excellent suspense book.  Very hard to put down.  Kept you wondering who did it until the very end.  Hope he has more available.
 I was hooked all the way through even though there were some redundant parts. Definetly can't judge the book by the movie. The movie completely slashed the story....hated the movie with a passion...
 This was as good as the DaVinci Code.  Liked very much. Very suspenceful.  Found all of Dan Brown's books to be very good.
 What a great read!  Could not put it down.  I have lent this book out to so many people.  Everyone loves it.
 Excellent book by Dan Brown. Could not put it down till the finish. Recommend it as leisure reading to everyone.
 If you have not read or want to read DBs books, do yourself a favor and opt for the illustrated editions.
 Loved the book! I read it during my trip to Italy, and it was great to see the places described in the book in life. The book also raises questions of religion vs. science, good vs. evil... food for thought.
 Just when I thought I had it figured out, along came a new wrinkle that kept me guessing all the way through!  An excellent read with a complex plot.  Dan Brown does not waste a single word!  I didn't skim anything as it was all essential!  He remains one of my favorite authors
 Wonderful book! I had no idea that I had it in hard cover!! Oh well, it was for a good loss!
 I really enjoy Dan Browns work. I had watched the movie before reading the book. I did like the book a lot better then the movie.
 Reads quickly, Brown always keeps the story moving forward with very little stagnancy. Not a beautiful piece of work with masterful descriptions, but a fun movie playing out in words. Leaves some interesting thinking points regarding the church and science.
 Mostly good stuff, a bit slow at times but worth it. Da Vinci Code was much better.
 I love this book so I ordered one from "Book Havens" for my daughter for X-mas and still haven't recieved the book. They supposedly  re-shipped it twice...HMMMM..Guess it's lost?..and my money?.. not good service!!!!!! I've never had any problems before when ordering books through Amazon.....
 I loved the book and want to read the da vinci code and lost symbol now.
 This book is advertised as new...it appears new, but not in the greatest condition...the jacket was worn at the edges, and there are black marks on the edges of the pages...looks like it is a reject from the bookstore...still worth reading, but not useful as a "gift".
 First I know this novel,  there was a party, and my friend told me this was a good guy. So I bought it from my new kindle paperwhite.
 Great book and I enjoyed it very much. IMHO that one is even better then "The Da Vinci code" but no question that it is more brutal.
 I enjoyed this as much as the the others he wrote. A must read. Keeps you wondering all the way through.
 While this book was confusing at times, with all the plot twists and symbology, I was glued to figuring out the mystery.  Mr. Brown certainly knows how to keep a reader engaged.
 This novel is better than The Davinci Code. It has more plausable action and is riveting. I should have read it a long time ago.
 The writing is fast and furious, the ending a let down for female behavior. There is too much detailed and descriptive gore – it made me sick to my stomach. This could have been written in a more gentle, acceptable fashion and most of all, without providing immature, violence struck people ideas “how to” savagely hurt others.
 How do I say this?  Extremely well written book.  Author is amazing.  BUT, I cannot give 5 stars to a book that is so polar-opposite to all I believe, no, all that I know to be true regarding God and faith.  Left me with a bad taste.<br/><br/>Would like to read a book by author that is not based on religion.
 Geez.  If you absolutely loved the Da Vinci Code, then I suppose you might like this one.  However if you found any weakness at all, forget about this one.  All the weaknesses are magnified 100x.  It's like Mr. Brown had a week to write a quick book so they could make a movie and this is it.  I forced myself to read the whole thing, but I have to say the final 30 pages took 3 days -- I just couldn't get up enough energy to read the last drivel.
 Great story.  Great plot.  Great execution.  If you liked the Da Vinci Code, you'll love this.  If you did and you don't - I wash my hands of you. I'm done.
 I couldn't believe the intensity of this book!  I literally could not put it down and subsequently would go to sleep at 2:00 am!<br/><br/>BUY IT......... WELL WORTH YOUR TIME!
 I really enjoyed reading this book.  It was suspenseful, thrilling and unpredictable.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone looking for a good book to read.
 Stellar, and a great group to deal with . . . no issues . . . met expectations . . . quality product.
 Excellent,i think this is a masterpiece. Dan Brown is a genius and a master of fiction and thriller writing. I love to read his books! because it's a compelling blend of history and page turning suspense!!
 and entertaining and light read. it does get a little preachy at the end though
 A completely absurd but entertaining story. I don't recommend the audio book or immersive reading pack.  Save your money and just get the ebook.
 Enjoyed reading about facts of the Vatican and the story was quite graphic. Kept one guessing who was involved in the plot and what role they played. A book which kept the reader on edge with each chapter. Would recommend this book.
 Provides a great story along with many interesting facts about history. Can be dark at times, but I find it adds good dynamics to the book. I recommend it to anyone who is looking to learn about history while living an amazing story!
 Reads like it was written by a committee of interns. Or maybe there is a computer program that will fill in all the blanks when you give it the parameters. Really, really tiresome, Amateurish book.
 Good book and a decent start before DaVinci Code. I would recommend this. For something fast paved and guessing. I think the DaVinci Code did a little better as as whole, but you can judge that for yourself. Hope you enjoy it.
 If you enjoyed Dan Brown's DaVinci Code, you will surely enjoy this book.  Amazon shipped book timely and in perfect, new condition.
 I have not ordered a book
 An excellent thrilling story.  I just could not put it down until finished..
 Absolutely phenomenal! Couldn't put it down. If you liked the movie you MUST read the book. I have to read it again to get what I missed the first time.
 Outstanding just like everything Dan Brown has written. A mix of theology and science. In addition to reading a complex mystery novel, with a twist at every corner, Brown adds a lot of knowledge of religious practices.
 Loved the book in paperback version, loved the movie and one of the first two electronic books I put onto my Kindle.  Well written, good characters and very good story line.
 This book was a real page turner.  I literally could not put it down.  To be honest with you, I think that Angels and Demons is even better than the Da Vinci Code!
 Fantastic! Easy read if you know a little bible stuff..
 This is an excellent book &amp; a perfect way to start the Robert Langdon trilogy. This book is action-packed &amp; full of very interesting details &amp; information about the Vatican City. This book is intelligently written &amp; will keep you turning the pages waiting for the next surprise. This novel is very hard to put down. I strongly recommend this novel, as well as "The Da Vinci Code" * "The Lost Symbol".
 This is an excellent movie that grips you right from the first and followed the book pretty well. I loved it.
 Love this book even more than The Da Vinci Code!
 I found the references to historical events very interesting and even though it was a little hard to follow sometimes I wanted to keep reading until I found out what was going to happen.
 It was quite boring after the first few chapters. When you know what is happening it becomes tedious reading just waiting for the end.  no new elements, therefore the suspense is lost in too much unnecessary details.
 It was awesome, It's my favorite. Although I started reading Dan Brown's books with The Da Vinci Code but Angles &amp; Demons thrilled me most.
 Lot of inaccurate info blended with average writing.
 Great book. Thriller mystery &amp; a little romance. Kept me wondering what was going happen next. Always good to keep an open mind when reading books like thus one. I loved it!
 Hard to put down. Once you start reading it, you can't stop until you find out what happens. A fantastic book.
 I liked this book very much.  Lots of action and intrigue.  There is also a lot of historical information in this one for history buffs.
 This book, like many of Dan Brown's books,  is a constant thriller right from the start. I've read it twice, and it never gets old, ever. This is in my opinion the best book by Dan Brown.
 Buyer was great to deal with, mailed item very promptly and had no problems at all!  Very Dependable!
 Love the daVinci Series and Dan Brown.  It was very suspenseful and mind blowing.  Hope he can come up with more.
 I loved the entire book EXCEPT for the very end<br/>schmaltzy, predictable and boring.  Mickey Mouse<br/>beeping would have been much better!<br/>JB
 Absolute nonsense. Middle- aged art lit professor defeats a trained assassin in hand to hand combat and goes to bed with a young yoga instructor.
 You get what you expect with this novel. Fast pace and engaging, but also very predictable. Good contemporary detective story.
 A few good twists that differ from the movie...a great thriller which provides a lot of entertainment value.
 Waiting for the next Dan Brown book in May....Great writer and waiting for his next book..I have not seen the movie but I will purchase after reading the book.
 A most enjoyable book and beautifly laid out with superb pictures.Highly recomended and of the story is thrilling,much better than the movie
 This was a great read. I couldn't put it down. I can't wait for the movie.
 Love this book, i did read it 5 times!! Item as described arrived in time and in good conditions, thanks
 I really enjoyed this book and did not get bored at all. Very entertaining, well written, and great with details. Highly recommended!
 It is very long and full of details and information irrelevant to the core story.<br/>The ending (from getting into the helicopter to the end) does not match the pace of the rest of the book: it seems that the author got tired of writing and wanted to bring it to a closure as soon as possible. The priest suddenly undergoes a change of character - he becomes evil, he leaves the hero in the helicopter with the "bomb" and no parachute.<br/>And the hero's fall through the air looks completely farfetched: some square feet of cloth would really slow down his fall enough to simply plundge into the river? As far as I know, falling into water from high above feels as falling against concrete.
 Entertaining, but a little (or a lot) contrived.
 Overall I was satisfied. The product was received. Shipping process was timely and I think there was a lag from order time to ship time, but overall I was satisfied....eventually.
 This item was returned to the factory so it was never received as a gift. It would be nice to receive a refund.
 Ordered the book for my son for his Birthday he loved it stated he is a big fan of the Author now
 If you have read any other Dan Brown books, you'll love this.<br/>I'd say it is a must read. Enjoy
 Great book. Hard to put down. Glad to have the kindle edition go look up some words though! The end
 The book I received wasn't the one I expected... Personally, I thought I will be getting the one in the picture above which has a hardcover... The one I got is a paperback one... The contents are the same indeed but the cover is not the one I wanted... I have a collection for Dan Brown illustrated version (lost symbol and Davinci code) both with hardcover and I was hoping to complete the collection with Angels and Demons...
 Great book I couldn't put it down. you want to know what is happening next.<br/>I suggest this book for 21 years old or over.
 This i s the best Dan Brown novel I have ever read.  It's worth reading more than once even if you have seen the movie
 never received the book!! Kept trying but no internet response. will never use amazon again.
 The book is interesting and will hold your attention. But...It's exactly the same as the Da Vinci Code. If you've read one, no reason to read the other.
 Angels and Demons is... Forgettable in my opinion, 300 pages about talking about what's going to happen, we have a deadline but we're gonna take our sweet ass time to figure it out... The pacing and plot are like following a slug... i mean The Da Vinci Code was breakneck and outstanding he took facts and weaved them into a fictional story, not that he doesn't here, it's just that there is no sense of danger or suspense, they have time on their side when they shouldn't and the first sign of a tiny bit of anything was Robert and Vittoria being startled by a rat,  I feel like he may be the M Night Shyamalan of books, I'll finish it and give The Lost Symbol a try but if it feels the same I'm writing him off ugh.
 Too far fetched for me.
 book was good, but delivery was terrible.
 A real page turner!!
 The author deceives the readers at the final of the story
 Yawn. It was a movie script.
 Great book
 I enjoyed the book, but the kindle version had several bugs; most chapters would change the text to a strange unreadable font and when you changed the font, there were several pages that were repeated.  To get through a chapter I had to change font or font size, then scroll to find my place, then change back when I encountered another bad page a couple pages later.
 Dan Brown's Angels &amp; Demons simply did not work for me, possibly because of my particular taste in fiction. Others may enjoy it.
 No on regrets
 excellent
 Such a dark book. Just couldn't get into it. So much gore and death.  Just wasn't working for my drive to Napa. Had to find another book.
 Yes it was a used book but nowhere in the description was the busted spine and bent corners mentioned. Ok as a book to gently read but not one that I can add to my collection.
 Dan Brown's first book is a major disappointment.However, it does translate into a good movie. Spoiler alert:<br/><br/>Child of the Pope?....PLEASE!
 The binding was in acceptable condition for the price I paid, less than a paperback.<br/>Though if you wanted to put the book on the shelf at this low price, I would hide it in the back, as the binding was giving away when I finished reading.
 The book arrived in four dayas without special handling, faster than promised.  It was in excellent condition.  Both my wife and I are fans of Dan Brown, we had seen the movie and also wanted to read the book.  We were not disappointed!
 Interesting but not as good as the other one.
 I read this book in 52 hours.  I couldn't put it down.
 Dan Brown out done himself compares to Davinci.  The large-print makes reading much easier and without breaking the bank.
 the climax was overdrawn. At the end of the book I felt as if I had finished reading a cheap novel.
 Dreadful book.  Truly unreadable.  Could not get past the first chapter.
 Awful, just awful.  Bad science on every page distracts from what might be an interesting story.  Dan Brown should stick to writing about what he knows.  Don't bother.
 Kooool !!
 Has hshshs Hershey fund funds urban dodge Hindus disband she eh send she end snubs skin ssh d she eh
 If you liked The da Vinci Code you'll want to read this.  As always, Dan Brown has written enough twists<br/>and turns to make it hard to put down until the last page. This is a GOOD one so enjoy.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R1Z6TREM3EB0PE"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1CsvBeDiRS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71lwCl0sNeS.png"/> Horrible watch my video
 Boring
 I was so excited to start this series. Unfortunately, when I went to start this book, the first 9 pages were missing. In the garbage the book went :-(
 Too slow with the plot and not credible, I was lost after the first two chapters. I was planning to read the series but have now abandoned that idea.
 Amazon needs to have distributors publish more specific info regarding the books they sell they shouldn't be allowed to say first edition without stating year of publishing.
 I bought this book over a month ago and still have not received it, do not buy from this seller.
 I hate it with a passion...it does not draw u in a bit👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
 Boring.
 book was not sold as represented. it was referred to as being in "very good condition", i believe, if not better. actually, the pages are very yellow - poor contrast and more difficult for me to read. would not buy from this seller in the future.
 As a Christian, I will not recommend this book.  It spends many thousands of words denying that Jesus Christ was the Son of God but an ordinary man, married, and producing at least one child.  With voices like this, it is no wonder that our dear country is sliding rapidly down hill, morally speaking!
 The first book in the Robert Langdon series was.............. Angels and Demons. What? That is crazy. That is not the order the movies were made in, ah, Hollywood. In Angels and Demons we meet Robert Langdon, the symbologist who will become the main character in Brown's next 5 books. Symbologist, cryptographer.....Dan Brown can make the oddest job titles out to be sexy! Robert Langdon is asked by a Swiss research facility to investigate a symbol burned into the body of a murdered physicist. The symbol belongs to a secret organization called the Illuminati. The Illuminati has historically been known to contain many famous members as well as a hatred for the Catholic Church. As the Vatican prepares to select a new Pope, the Illuminati announces that they have planted a bomb within the Vatican City. Can Langdon follow the clues and save the conclave before the bomb detonates?<br/><br/>Grammar - 5<br/>One thing you can count on with a Dan Brown book is the amazing writing and editing.<br/><br/>Plot - 4.5<br/>The topic was very interesting. It is a fast paced thriller. Brown takes the reader on a thrilling ride that contains just enough "on the edge of your seat" tension to keep the reader engaged.<br/><br/>Believability - 4.5<br/>Brown does extensive research. I am not Catholic but have enough understanding of conclaves and the Vatican City to find the background of the story believable. The one funny point that holds me back from a perfect score is the main character. Don't get me wrong, I love Robert Langdon, he is very likable. I sometimes can't mentally get past a college professor who's  topic of interest is symbology as someone who dodge's bullets and catches bad guys.<br/><br/>Ending - 4.5<br/>The story had closure. Even though this is a series each book in the series could be read as a stand alone. The one constant between the books is the main character even though he tends to have a new, female sidekick in each book. One benefit of reading the books in order is that you do get to know Robert Langdon's eccentricities, such as his fear of tight spaces, but if the personality quirk is important to the story line Brown makes sure to point it out.<br/><br/>Price Value - 4<br/>When Brown's books initially come out they tend to be more on the higher end of the cost scale. Angels and Demons has come down a couple of dollars in cost but unless you catch a good deal, or find a used copy in a bookstore, or wait another 20 years I don't think it will drop in value a whole lot.<br/><br/>Overall - 5<br/>This series has it all: suspense, drama, romance. It appeals to a wide audience.
 While Angels and Demons is not nearly as popular as its sequel, the famous (if not infamous) The Da Vinci Code , the elements which led to its successor’s success are certainly all contained within this first book in the Robert Langdon series. Of course, just because you have the materials to build a nice house doesn’t mean that it magically becomes a mansion. Despite containing many of the elements that made The Da Vinci Code so good, Angels and Demons feels a little underdeveloped in quite a few areas.<br/><br/>First, the protagonist, Robert Langdon, is supposed to feel like an “Indiana Jones”-type character, but with a specialty like symbology as his background, I just can’t buy the action-hero transformation of this everyday academic. Add to this the almost repetitive nature of his “discoveries” wherein he makes an assessment, then goes to the location of the assessment only to find that he didn’t think of it in the right way and thus requiring the whole plot to immediately shift gears to get to the new location. He eventually had better predictions, but by then it felt repetitive.<br/><br/>Secondly, the whole “treasure hunt” to find the antimatter (of which I feel CERN is a more-recognizable name than it was back in 2000) seemed to take a back burner to the parallel plot of the pope’s death and finding his replacement. It was difficult to focus on both plotlines, especially since both of them had pretty predictable endings. Finally, the romance aspect in this novel seemed quite forced, even to the point where the final scene of the book felt like it was ripped out of a James Bond story wherein a modicum of charm from the male protagonist makes his female counterpart swoon with undying affection that wasn’t in any part of the prior plot.<br/><br/>A rough start to the Robert Langdon series, I give Angels and Demons 2.5 stars out of 5.
 A murder at CERN leads to an Illuminati plot against the Vatican involving an antimatter bomb.<br/><br/>Everything about the plot of this book is ridiculous, particularly the hoops that characters jump through to avoid taking obvious steps like reporting a murder to the police or evacuating a location threatened by a bomb.<br/><br/>Some of the nonsensical behavior by various characters gets explained away through a succession of plot twists, but there is still more than enough nonsense to go around.<br/><br/>What does work is the pacing, which is spectacular (and also ridiculous, but in a good way). All 620 pages of action take place in the space of about 24 hours and span four countries (admittedly one is Vatican City, but I am still impressed with this).<br/><br/>Protagonists Robert Langdon and Vittoria Vetra are fun, heroic types. The main villain for most of the story is something of a cardboard cutout. Some (threatened, mostly) sexual violence feels like lazy writing.<br/><br/>The supporting cast has some more interesting characters, although it takes a while for their complexities to emerge.<br/><br/>The ending is what pro wrestling fans would call "overbooked", with plot twist on top of plot twist in such rapid succession that most of the scant remaining shreds of credibility are swept away.<br/><br/>But it all hits the reader so fast that it is possible to have fun and enjoy the ride. And Dan Brown's love for the art and architecture of Rome shines through every ludicrous chase, puzzle, and twist.
 Unfortunately I am one of those who happened to have seen the movie before reading the book. I know… such a tragedy.<br/><br/>Any who moving on.<br/><br/>Growing up in a Catholic home, I knew the Vatican ran the church and I thought innocent of the world. As I got older I did discover that no matter what, we all have a dark history. The church included. If you think about it, American history started off with religious persecution.<br/><br/>I don’t know much of the history behind the church in Rome due to I never really got into it. Now after reading this book I want to look up the history. To see what is true and what is all made up for the story’s intent.<br/><br/>I was hooked in the story. Wy (fiance) tended to get a little annoyed with me because I keep telling him how the movie got this or that wrong and how the book explains so much better. Funny how after reading the book everything that didn’t really make sense in the movie makes sense now. I do own The da Vinci Code. I didn’t want to read it just yet because I have to read the books in order. I am weird like that I guess.  So I went to the local library and snatched this up.<br/><br/>Even though I am suppose to be reading and finishing Dracula I couldn’t help but pick this up. The writing was amazing. I loved it. The story flowed wonderfully. Even though I knew how it was going to end, the movie changed so much that the story seemed almost new to me.<br/><br/>Langdon and Vittoria’s relationship seemed deeper. Camerlango’s character depth was amazing. I wish they would have kept much of his dialogue the same in the movie. Hello you casted Ian McGregor.  The Hassassin was a character I still don’t know how I feel about him. Even though there was an array of characters the story never lost it’s pace.<br/><br/>The only reason I am not giving this a 5 stars is due to the fact it took me two weeks to finish.<br/><br/>And to end with words we all have uttered before, so much better than the movie.
 The story gets off to a good start by informing us that the hero 'sat up in his empty bed…'<br/>Another time, two men are staring at a dead person and we learn that one of the watching men's eyes are also dead.<br/>Then there was the time Captain Rocher 'stepped forward in his red beret.'<br/>The prose is full of peculiarities like these, but I shan't dwell on that side of Mr Brown's writing. There is much to like in this book. The plot is fabulous, full of twists, turns, and hidden motifs. What I found tiresome were all the long drawn details. And toward the end, there were so many twists I began to wonder if we would ever be finished. It seemed as if Mr Brown simply didn't know where to stop.<br/>I almost gave up on the book a couple of times, and only kept reading because I had already invested so much time. I shan't be reading any of his follow-ups.
 Let me preface my review of Angels and Demons with two things: 1) I thought the Da Vinci Code was one of the most fascinating, interesting and engaging books I’d ever read. 2) I’m not a religious person.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons was…good, but not even close to The Da Vinci Code. And really, I found it very different. Whereas The Da Vinci Code was a though-provoking, engrossing novel, Angels and Demons read more like an action novel. It’s Robert Langdon and a friend running all over Rome and Vatican City in a race against time. It’s a papal Die Hard.<br/><br/>Positives:<br/><br/>The novel was 710 pages, one of the longest books I’ve ever read. Yet, it was fast-moving. The story kept moving forward. There weren’t really any draggy point. The chapters were short, 5-6 pages, and so you find yourself saying, “Okay, I’ll read one more chapter.” “Okay, one more chapter.” “Last chapter.” And before realizing it, you’ve polished off another 50-60 pages. 710 pages but I finished it in 4 night. I’ve read some books that were 325 pages and a struggle to get through.<br/><br/>The plot was interesting and engaging.<br/><br/>Negatives:<br/><br/>We expect more realism in books than we do in movies. When Rambo runs through the jungles and single-handedly kills 70 Vietnamese, we go with it because…well, it’s a movie. When John McClane singlehandedly saves everyone in Nakatomi Plaza we go with it because…well, it’s a movie. Books we expect more realism and less “Hollywood.” However, there were a few scenes where Robert Langdon became a superhero. Not giving anything away but the scene in the helicopter toward the end? Come on! The scene just before that, chasing an old injured 79 year-old man through the catacombs and unable to catch him? Sheesh! There’s “poetic license” and then there’s silliness.<br/><br/>I also found Dan Brown’s writing, at times, a little hard to follow. Not so much with the plot but rather the action scenes. Several times I had to re-read them to see what I just read.<br/><br/>Summing up, fast-moving, interesting, some plot twists—GOOD<br/>Hard to follow, too many unrealistic scenes--bad
 Oh, my.  If you thought The DaVinci Code was fast-paced, that was a walk in the park compared to this.  This was so far overdone it was laughable.  First, it was twice too long.  Second, the reason it was twice too long was because it was filled end to end with utterly ridiculous and impossible scenes.  I'll give Dan Brown credit for an active imagination.  If you want to be carried along for 569 excruciatingly pages without a chance to breath, and if you don't mind suspending your common sense for all that time, by all means read the book.  But if you want something that actually makes sense, avoid it like the plague.  I finished it just so I could say I did, but it'll be the last Dan Brown book I ever read.
 Harvard professor Robert Langdon and CERN scientist Vittoria Vetra have just one night to prevent the Vatican from being destroyed by an antimatter bomb. Can they do it? Of course. But the fun lies in how and why.<br/>A sample of antimatter has been stolen from physics center CERN by the Illuminati -- the all-powerful group made so famous by Robert A. Wilson's books. Here, they are represented as being an ancient order of scientists upset with the way the Church has treated science and scientists. (Me, I always liked the bankers-as-secret-force or blood-relatives-of-Jesus explanation of the Illuminati, but this will do.) This provides for plenty of science vs. religion conversations, and Brown does a good job with them.<br/>ANGELS AND DEMONS is a fast, but satisfying read. It rolls along unstoppably, not the least of which because the action takes place over a 24-hour span. Even if -- as I did -- you guess what's really happening half-way through the book, you'll never guess what happens in the last 40 pages.<br/>The book is laced with fun facts about electing a pope and the Vatican, like that St. Peter's bones are not in the golden casket in St. Peter's Basilica, but two stories under it. Brown knows the layout. And that the artist Raphael's last name was Santi. He also knows how marble statues were carved. Brown's no Irving Stone (THE AGONY AND THE ECSTACY), but he does manage to inform without being pedantic.<br/>As Vittoria and Langdon race around Rome, we get quite a tour, with great descriptions. (Pick up a paperback copy next summer and bring it to Rome. Take the Brown tour.) What's interesting is that all the places and pieces of art in this book really exist. So Brown has played a version of the Sherlockians' Great Game by linking them all with his "history" of the Illuminati and their doings. No small feat.<br/>Several of the plot elements have to be taken with a grain of salt. First, there is the fact that everyone in this book is absolutely amazed by amibgrams (these are words which can be ready the same upside-down as right-side up -- the book's dust jacket has the title in ambigram). They play an important role in the story, and everyone who encounters them is practically struck dumb the fact that even exist. They "seem utterly impossible." I guess no one else in the story (including symbol expert Langdon) remembers that OMNI magazine ran an ambigram contest in the 1980s and published dozens of the thousands of entries they received, I imagine that by now there must be a software program or web site that can make them for you (and make an acrostic that spells out your girlfriend's name). In short: they aren't that amazing. Then there are things like the fact that Vittoria (a physicist) isn't familiar with the classical four elements of earth, air, fire, and water. Come on.<br/>Great literature? No, but you sure keep turning the pages to see what happens next.
 I read The DaVinci Code a long time ago, and really liked it. I watched the movie recently, and found it flat. It felt like all action and not a whole lot of character development, and I just chalked that up to being a movie. However, after reading Angels &amp; Demons, I think that Dan Brown's books might be a little flat themselves. The whirlwind pace and twists and turns keep you reading--it's like watching an action movie. The puzzles and clues are very clever, and I love all of the references to ancient artists, art and architecture. I remember liking that about The DaVinci Code too. There is a reverence for ancient and old things in Langdon that feels very genuine. Beyond that, the characters don't seem to have much depth.
 Rome, Vatican City. Robert Langdon is called to investigate the death of Vittoria Vetra's stepfather, Leonardo Vetra. Vetra was found in a satanic position crucification style death. Vetra a physicist in nuclear particles called photons had discovered the first of creation in a formula of Antimatter reacting with opposite poles believed to be, and proving the chapter of Genesis - the beginning of creation in the Bible. The Antimatter was contained in a canister kept on LHB level, a very low underground storage. Somebody, believed to be the Illuminati Hassassins had stolen the formula, worth millions. The purpose of Leonardo and his daughter Vittoria's work was to use this energy to power and light the big cities of the world. Maximillian Kohler also a physicist was there to meet and instruct Robert Langdon. They were given tips from several sources including mysterious phone calls relating to four Cardinals missing taken hostage from the Vatican. The theme of the threat was not to combine science with religion. Langdon and Vetra were to give up finding and pursuing further experiments and until they did one Cardinal every eight hours would be annihilated in a sacred church close to the Vatican. A new Pope was being elected Carlo Ventresca he was elected for seventeen minutes for taking the Antimatter up in a helicopter, it exploded minutes later away from the Vatican. Ventresca parachuted to safety however he latter perished. Ventresca had personal questions to answer for relating to the Illuminati. The white smoke rose again and Cardinal Saverio Mortati seventy nine years old was elected Pope.<br/><br/>Daniel "Dan" Brown born 22 June 1964 Exeter, New Hampshire, U.S.A.  Best known for The Da Vinci Code, Digital Fortress and Deception Point.
 I have seen so many bad things about Dan Brown's writing. I frankly don't care. I know he isn't the most literary or perfect, but he is enjoyable. I like reading his books when I want something a bit historical related, with some mystery.<br/><br/>This is the first time I've re-read this installment since I first read it a few years ago. When I first read this, it was after The Da Vinci Code. I didn't know it was the first in the series. It was still easy to follow. There's similar characters, but a story within itself.<br/><br/>This story focuses on the Illuminati, science I didn't quite follow, and Vatican City. Robert Langdon gets called to research a murder by a scientist at the CERN facility based off an internet search. He is of course an adult and quite popular in his field. I liked him. I know there were illusions to his sex appeal, but I never really caught on. The romance and stuff wasn't a focus which was nice. Langdon is also quite smart and a quick thinker. I find it crazy you can pull facts out of your brain and make the connections that quick.<br/><br/>The science portion was the most confusing for me. I know it was explained fairly simply, but science is just not my thing. I like sci-fi because it is at least a variation and it's okay if it isn't entirely realistic. For me, this bordered on sci-fi science-it was that weird for me to follow. I know it wasn't though.<br/><br/>Overall, I thought this was an interesting book. It was cool to see science and religion brought together in a different way. While this wasn't necessarily an award winner, it was a nice escape which is always good with books.
 Please note - there are a few spoilers in this review.  If you're intent on reading this book. be warned I do reveal a few key plot points.<br/><br/>First of all, I found this book engaging until around page 500 (give or take 20 or 30 pages).  That's when the writer so wanted me to suspend believability.  Right around the time Dan Brown asks me to believe that Langdon falls out of a helicopter about 2 miles from the ground with only a nylon tarp, just happens to be falling above a river, after surviving an large shockwave from an anti-matter explosion, he manages to hit the river, that is very choppy (thereby explaining to me that it'll make a fall easier to absorb), just happens to survive that fall alive and without broken limbs, and is immediately found by boaters, and they're able to resuscitate him, get him to the hospital where within the hour he's able to walk out of that hospital of his own volition and go on the confront the real antagonist.  THAT is when the writer totally lost me and credibility.<br/><br/>And then we discover that the real Janus is the camerlengo, who we discovered is the crazed love child of the pope, who he poisoned.  He only too late discovers that he yes, was the love child of the late pope and nun that love each other with a caste love, but kept there celibacy vows and conceived the child via artifical insemination.  Sorry, but this all sounds like a really, really bad soap opera by time you finish this book, which is too bad, because it started pretty darn good.<br/><br/>Up until then, I actually enjoyed the book.  After that, it became too unbelievable, and a bad excuse for some of what I somewhat discerned as his desire to use the Catholic church as a focus of some of his dislike.  By the way, I'm not Catholic (former Catholic actually), yet he seems to focus on whatever issues he has with Catholicism in this and "The DaVinci Code."<br/><br/>But that's another review I suspect.
 The story is set in CERN in Geneva, Switzerland where a physicist working on antimatter is killed with the words Illuminati branded on his chest. This is when Robert Langdon, an iconology professor who is also well known for his studies on Illuminati is called on a mission to find the murderer. He is accompanied by the physicist's daughter with whom he eventually falls in love. Both are trying to find the stolen antimatter bomb in Vatican city before it sets off but it’s also where the cardinals from all around the world are gathering for the papal elections in the enclave however the four proffered cardinals(preffereti) have been kidnapped. Robert and his companion go through the streets of Vatican and Rome to stop the killer from murdering the preffereti.<br/> Dan Brown combines action with mystery, historical and science elements in an outstanding way and he creates an action thriller that you just cannot put down. You can feel the pressure of the time the character is in which I found myself many times throughout the book wanting to scream at the characters to hurry up! This energy that radiates from the pages is what made me read this book in three days. You feel like you are there with the characters, you want to solve the mystery. I truly recommend this book to any reader that is looking for a pulse-quickening and a breathtaking adventure.
 Never watched the movies, this is my first experience reading any of Brown's books.  I don't understand all the hype or the controversy.  It was mildly entertaining, and the "clue" format was interesting, but it was nothing outstanding or deplorable in my eyes.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is minding his own business when he is contacted by an official at CERN to come look at some evidence and a dead man.  Nevermind that Langdon is a professor, not law enforcement, his expertise is needed.  It looks to be the work of the Illuminati, a cult made of scientists who has a very big vendetta against the Catholic church.  Can Langdon solve the Illuminati riddle in time?  The very future of the Vatican depends on it.<br/><br/>The characters were mostly unbelievable in this.  They had too many powers, too easily overcame obstacles, and apparently had super-human strength and healing properties.  There is no way, after some of the things that Langdon went through, that he'd want to be walking let alone want to have sex (and that's all I'll say on that).  Vittoria was a shallow character that seemed to be there in an attempt to have a "strong" female character.  But she neither added much, nor was very strong on her own.  She relied on Langdon's character quite a bit.  And the character and personality changes in some of the others were hard to follow and made it seem as if they weren't even the same character at all.<br/><br/>If you ignored the poorly written characters, the plot was actually fast paced and kept your attention.  There was always some kind of action or gruesome scene to read and the clues and mysteries kept the reader engaged.  I also liked that the entire book took place in the space of a day, but didn't seem too rushed.  It was an impressive way of writing the story.  I can't comment on historical accuracies, etc.  I know nothing about the Illuminati or Catholic church history, etc.  I'm going to assume some is accurate and some is not, as seems to be the case with most fiction works.<br/><br/>Certainly entertaining but by no means a work of art.  I'll read the next in the series just because it is a good way to spend a rainy weekend.<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons<br/>Copyright 2000<br/>569 pages<br/><br/>Review by M. Reynard 2014
 Like DaVinci Code, this is a fast paced thriller that actually kept me up late reading - Brown has that technique down cold. Even if some might object to the fantastic means he's used to knit together his plot, some of those ploys strike me as entertainingly funny.  Why not five stars? I don't mind that authors of fiction bend facts,especially science fiction (which is what the plot this pseudo historical conspiracy murder mystery thriller essentially depends on.)  However, Brown is sometimes sloppy to the point that it tarnishes the story.  For example, his discussion of the history and meaning of the Great Seal of the United States is laughable, as is the assertion of his hero that Holy Communion was borrowed by Christianity from the Aztecs. Is Brown laughing at readers who might not know better? So many more examples to choose from - Hatha yoga is not a Buddhist invention, antimatter is not a viable energy source, etc etc.  Others have pointed out extensive lists of his factual mistakes as an internet search of "Dan Brown inaccuracies" will show.  Nevertheless, it's a good read, especially if you have time to kill and need some light entertainment while waiting for the doctor or a plane.  Just don't be naive and think Brown's books are also "very educational" - as someone once told me.  Unless by "educational" you mean using Brown's style as a literary template for writing your own book that might someday make you rich.
 - some spoilers -<br/><br/>It doesn't have what "The Da Vinci Code" has - the engaging dance of opposition, the grand game of clashing wills. Sometimes you see what the antagonist or other people are doing, but none of that is in response to the protagonist's actions. They're just doing their thing. The protagonist merely follows at their heels. Because of that, it's not nearly as much fun. And the pace is slow in comparison.<br/><br/>Unfortunately the twists are completely predictable. I figured out who the bad guy was somewhere at the middle, when he does something that reveals his motive. After that, everything that happens just falls into place. Even the final twist was predictable. It's like you're half a book ahead of events. Still, it felt like at the end the author finally started to have fun with it.<br/><br/>The protagonist is the same, without agency or drive of his own. He's merely dragged around by a determined woman. She's even using him as a luggage to store stuff in his pockets, because her own scathingly clad figure can't afford any. Whenever she needs something, like a gun or a secret document, she reaches into his pockets and takes it out, then stores it back, without bothering herself with his permission, which reinforces the luggage comparison.<br/><br/>Closer to the middle, the protagonist engages in a battle at the fountain which he ends in a way that pissed me off. I wouldn't call him a coward, but let's just say he doesn't act like a hero would. It was his own "home turf", I believe he could've won if he wanted. I'm not saying he should be sacrificing his life. I'm just wondering why he's even there. Why? Why even start the battle, if you're going to do this? Bidding his time, forcing a draw? Willing to go this far, but not further, because his own life his more precious? Or perhaps he's willing to fight for the attractive woman, but not for the withered old man?<br/><br/>Still, I'm going to check out "Inferno". Let's hope it's going to be better...
 1) Plot (4 stars) - After a physicist/priest at the CERN is murdered, Harvard symbologist Robert Langston is called upon to help solve the case.  Sound familiar?  Yup, it's the same basic set up as The Da Vinci Code, only now he discovers that the Illuminati have stolen some anti-matter and plan to blow up Vatican City.  Regardless, Brown can certainly keep you reading.  He is a master of the 3 page chapter that starts simple, introduces a conflict, raises tension, then cuts off at a cliffhanger that forces you to another storyline you don't want to be in until, hey, there's some conflict here too, some tension, a cliffhanger, ad infinitum, technique.  However, in this work I had to stretch my suspension of disbelief until it snapped a few times, which caused me to roll my eyes and lose the spell.<br/><br/>2) Characters (3 stars) - There's the smart, brave, good-morals lead; the requisite love interest who joins up with him; and the constant game of "who's the real antagonist" (is it this shady friend, oh no that guy just said something suspicious, etc.).  All the characters were fine and come complete with the formulaic unresolved issues in their backstories that they are dealing with in the present, but none of their present personalities or challenging pasts were especially unusual or memorable.<br/><br/>3) Theme (3 stars) - The message seemed to be something about how the battle of religion vs. science is really a battle of faith A vs. faith B vs. faith C, and what team you're on depends mostly on what set of accidents you've had in your life.  Okay, that's a fine seed to work with.  But it felt like Brown then just stacked a bunch of fun factoids on top of this seed and stood back and pointed at the clumsy tower, instead of watering it to see how it grew and what the theme means from a human perspective.<br/><br/>4) Voice (3 stars) - It's readable enough for me to not skim through 500 pages, but I didn't mark any sentence as especially poetic or insightful or clever.<br/><br/>5) Setting (4 stars) - The race through the CERN, Vatican City, and Rome was done with enough detail to let me imagine being there, but not too much to slow the quick action.  Moreover, Brown thoroughly researched his locales, which added a layer of verisimilitude to the tale, and overcame some of the simple writing.<br/><br/>6) Overall (3 stars) - I could overlook the shallow characters and elementary writing in The Da Vinci Code because the conspiracy was just so detailed and tightly woven.  But in this work, that element wasn't as strong, which really made the other weaknesses more noticeable.  That said, there seems to be a lot of Internet hate out there for this author's art, but personally I think it's impressive what he does.  It's not easy packing dense academic concepts into easy to swallow bites.  I just wished he spent a little more time trying to master the other elements of fiction, too.
 Dan Brown seems to have the same faults as Dan Simmons - author of Drood. Mr Brown has great ideas, puts together a really enjoyable 3/4s, and then absolutely and totally muffs it at the end.<br/><br/>As with many others very late to the Dan Brown party, I was surprised to find that this is the first of the Langdon tales, as the Da Vinci Code seemed to come first, and certainly did so film wise. I am particularly surprised at this; with most writers, early works are not as good as later (though perhaps excepting the writer's final run-in of life, perhaps spoiled by water tablets, gout and rheumatiz), but, grammar, narrative, dialogue wise, this is far superior to the Da Vinci Code, so don't take any grief from detractors who say Mr Brown's writing is poo in this one, it isn't. But that's not enough to save the tale.<br/><br/>Ok, a tale of Church v Science, with threats real and imagined with accompanying fear and terror with Rome as the backdrop; add to this the works of mainly one renaissance artist, which act as codes, maps and signposts during a frantic countdown, and you have, (hopefully) a non-spoileresque idea of the story. The trouble is, the intrigue and tension give way to one rubbishy finale, and as stated earlier, this does seem to be a Dan Brown trait.<br/><br/>Doesn't stay the course, not really, but still an OK read.
 Dan Brown has become on of the most well known authors in the world. His saga that follows the adventures of Robert Langdon has become on the the largest and best selling series ever. Angles and Demons is the first book of the series and from the beginning, I could see that this book already showed signs of promise and brilliance.<br/><br/>Angles and Demons is the beginning of the story of Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor of symbology. Following a disturbing call early in the morning, Langdon finds himself running across Rome, from the Pantheon to the Sistine Chapel in Vatican City.<br/><br/>The story is filled with exciting twist and turns. While reading the book, there were many small details that are mentioned that foreshadow forthcoming events in the story. Also, Brown inserts small snippets of conversation or short sentences that pulled me into thinking one thing and then, after reading a little bit farther, is proved completely wrong.<br/><br/>Even after reading this book a few times before, I still enjoy going back and reading it. The thrills and plot twists are somewhat diminished, but for the most part, they still hold some of the original moments of surprise.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is an author that has cemented himself in my reading world. His books have become some of my favorites and some touch on very shrouded subjects. This book deals greatly with very detailed descriptions of places and documents and I commend him for his work researching the topics he covered. Angles and Demons is an absolutely wonderful book.
 I watched the movie of this first, and didn't really enjoy it that much. However, I've just read the book recently, and I think it's probably his finest story yet. Is it hokum? Well yes, pure hokum in fact, but good pure hokum! He manages to weave a wonderful story, with epic twists and turns, through all sorts of places, I mean come on, the Hadron collider AND the Vatican(!) and then on top of it a handsome American symbologist who just happens to get in on the story because he knows his stuff so well.<br/><br/>This is one of those books that once you pick up, you don't want to put down. It's populist literature at its finest, it's brain-food because it's so well written, and because I was reading it at the end of the night, I didn't want to stop reading it and then go to bed; it's that good!<br/><br/>I won't go over the plot, basically because it's so complicated; yes, there's a dodgy assassin, a handsome American professor, the glamorous Italian female scientist, popes, Swiss guards, official police types, loads of extras, Rome; you know, a typical Dan Brown novel!! I really rate Dan Brown as a writer and if he can be accused of being a populist writer, which he is, so can Charles Dickens and Conan Doyle and even Shakespeare. So, I really rate his books and I've read them all and enjoyed them all, but this one is for me the best because it has a fantastic twist in the tale... read it and find out!!!
 "Angels &amp; Demons" is alchemical fiction. Alchemy is concerned with turning base metals like lead into higher elements such as gold; or allegorically, evolutionizing mankind into a higher life form. A major factor in alchemical works includes what C.G. Jung called "individuation," which is the union of opposites to bring about a stable whole. Could Brown be actively attempting this feat with Angels &amp; Demons? Well, he once used the pen name of "Danielle" in an earlier work. Additionally, Brown has stated that he likes his themes to wander "the moral grey area." Grey is the mixture of black and white. The author supposedly practices inversion therapy, in which he hangs upside down to get over writing blocks. Clearly, the union of opposites is a major theme of this work.<br/><br/>Right from the title, this book indicates this purpose: Angels and demons - good and evil - science and religion - matter and antimatter - truth and lies (or fact and fiction). As an example, the "Illuminati" ambigram that can be read accurately regardless of whether it's right side up or upside down. Brown took the character Langdon's name from an ambigram artist, who creates visual illusions from wordplay. Consider Langdon's first meeting with CERN's Kohler where the wheelchair-bound scientist engages in a vehement tirade against religion. Here Brown takes the time to plant the seed that a union between science and religion would change the world for the better. The point presented is that Science and Christianity are opposites, divorced from one another on extreme theological differences that one Leonardo Vetra, a closeted Catholic priest who revered Galileo, was attempting to bridge via the discovery and announcement of the achievement of antimatter. It's the character Vetra's murder and mutilation along with the theft of the antimatter that begin this adventure.<br/><br/>Brown often drops clues as to what he will write about in future works and "A &amp; D" is no exception. Noteworthy in this regard is Langdon's nickname, "the Dolphin." Dolphins are legendary for helping mankind and leading stranded seafarers to safety, and Langdon fits the bill as one who tries to rescue the imperiled Catholic Bishops. However, true to occult form, there is potentially a secret meaning; and that being that in certain Hindu and Egyptian mythology, the Dolphin was thought to herald the goddess' heavenly descent. Ganga was at times shown mounted upon a dolphin. As this book was written before Da Vinci Code, perhaps Brown is foreshadowing his purpose for Langdon in that later work; to be a guide for the reader to the cult of the goddess. Indeed, in "Angels &amp; Demons," he makes a point to note that "the Dolphin arrived" once Langdon is in the renowned Vatican Archives. Cues are also dropped by Vittoria Vetra, daughter of the murdered Vetra who was raised Catholic but yet now actively worships the goddess Gaia. My question was, why is she worshipping anything or anyone? Could she have not remained scientific in her reasoning and completely devoid of any type of spirituality, yet still be the well-rounded moral person she was? Brown had other ideas for her character I guess.<br/><br/>Now, as mentioned in many reviews, the writing here is predictable, cliché, and ham-handed at times. The reader has likely read and watched many of this story's elements and twists before. Brown is obviously intelligent, so I take this to mean he's writing to entertain the broadest audience possible. Indeed, many that crack this book won't realize that they are being taken on the Path of Illumination with Langdon as their guide. This Path plays out like a fraternal initiation ritual involving darkness, cavern descent, faux burial in a tomb and the subsequent resurrection and rescue that result in the final state of enlightenment. Also added to the mix are scenes right from the Tarot deck: the Angel &amp; the Devil (of course!), the hanged man, the tower, the four elements, the chariot, the Heirophant/Pope(s), the lovers, the magician, etc. One can almost imagine the author laying these cards out to aid in plot development. The attentive reader will also pick up that Brown reveals the main antagonist immediately upon the character's introduction. Also numerous are references to magic, spells, and magnetism.<br/><br/>Three stars for mild entertainment and Brown's use of many conspiracy theories to aid in plot development. "A &amp; D" was definitely better than "Da Vinci Code." I was intrigued with how Brown was going to handle having Langdon wrestle with the Illuminati when Langdon is obviously sympathetic to their beliefs as described in this book. Additionally, I was amused with the outcome and wonder if Brown had studied Russian Orthodox eschatology, as many of those theologians believe that the final antichrist will come about as the antagonist does here. The ending really disappointed as it was so ridiculous that it couldn't be presented in the movie. As far as modern potboilers go, however, the book overall is decent.<br/><br/>And what of the "Illuminati," which Brown concedes in the beginning was an actual fraternity? Despite what a most conspiracy theorists believe, the Illuminati was a pro-democracy under­ground in Europe and North Amer­ica that was fought and destroyed by European monarchies and aristocracy. Since that time, many neo-fascist groups and individuals have gotten considerable mileage from inflating the "Illuminati" as modern-day puppet masters that control the world.<br/><br/>The result of Brown's alchemical spell? It worked. He successfully translated his idea onto blank paper and turned it into gold (i.e. millions of dollars). The alchemists of old would be proud.
 As a student of religion, especially its Roman Catholic manifestation, I find Dan Brown's work to be a guilty pleasure. "The Da Vinci Code"? Don't even get me started. But against my better instincts  I picked up "A&amp;D," just to see what Brown's earliest work was like.<br/><br/>OK, so I enjoyed the book. Spanning the Western Hemisphere from Boston to Geneva to Rome, the book is a whirlwind of action, chases, puzzles and romance. Brown masterfully creates a world in which half-remembered groups, like the Illuminati, can emerge to menace civilization.<br/><br/>But Brown's mistakes are both legion and legendary! It baffles me that he could not have hired some college kid for a couple of weeks to fact-check his text. I'm not complaining, like some, that his mystery gadget -anti-matter -- can't be created in the amounts that Brown asserts. I'm talking about basic stuff like having a priest talk about how Jesus suffered on the cross for three days, not three hours, Or that the rocket ship - which he invents to get his characters from place to place in minutes to foil the bad guys' 24-hour deadline - could hardly stay secret when it is landing at a large American airport. Or that St Peter's Tomb is actually open to the public (not locked under a grate). And the inconsistencies are unbelievable! Robert Langdon, his hero, is a Harvard symbologist, conversant in the minutiae of world religions, but has never heard of pranayama yoga! He solves centuries old puzzles in minutes. And the Swiss guards seem completely incapable of securing a crime scene or preserving evidence. At one point, they even carry the naked corpse of an important personage out of a church and dump it in a car trunk. Haven't they ever heard of body bags in the Eternal City? Most ludicrous of all, to a person who lives in the Boston area, is the assertion that Langdon, woken out of a sound sleep, unshaven and unpacked, could drive from Cambridge to Logan airport in 20 minutes, even at 5 in the morning.<br/><br/>It would take so little for Brown to become a decent writer. His utter lack of research and basic fact-checking will ensure that while his novels sell millions of copies, he will never be considered a good writer. But, goldarn me, I am eying his  "Deception Point." I must be mad.
 *Warning:  Spoilers Galore*<br/><br/>There's a fundamental reason why I normally avoid political thrillers that become an integral part of our cultural lexicon:  They're just plain silly.  Accordingly I avoided Dan Brown's <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307277674/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a> like the bubonic plague, and only grudgingly picked up its "prequel", ANGELS &amp; DEMONS, which subsequently haunted my bookshelf for many moons.  Recently I had a couple of very long flights ahead of me and decided to take a read not requiring constant acute cerebral attentiveness--especially when the toddler next to me spits up on his mother.  Which makes ANGELS &amp; DEMONS a perfect read for such an endeavor, but as for the merits of the novel itself. . .refer to the first sentence of this paragraph.<br/><br/>What truly disappointed me was how this novel totally unraveled from such a promising beginning.  I enjoyed the pacing, the tension, the drama, as Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon suddenly finds himself trying to save not only four cardinals in line to succeed the recently-departed Pope--but Vatican City itself, which faces annihilation from a suspended drop of antimatter, hidden somewhere on its grounds by the evil Illuminati.  (I warned you this was silly.)  The book is extremely informative, as I learned about the machinations of the Vatican and the historical significance of the Catholic Church's struggle with the Illuminati (religion vs. science).  And then. . .<br/><br/>Mr. Brown puts his protagonist through the paces, as our determined symbologist overcomes being trapped in the oxygen-depleted Vatican Archives. . .being trapped inside an overturned sarcophagus. . .and left for dead floating face down in the Bernini fountain at the Piazza Navona.  But the howler comes when Professor Langdon leaps from an exploding helicopter two miles vertical over St. Peter's Square--and survives.<br/><br/>I mean, come on.  What's a prof got to do to get tenure?<br/><br/>Following all these superhuman feats, the novel sputters for 90 more pages of contrived melodrama more befitting a daytime soap, then ANGELS &amp; DEMONS mercifully comes to an end in a hotel suite with Langdon finally getting some long-overdue affection.  And that's when the reader scores, too, when this overdone dramafest can finally be put aside.<br/>--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
 I have been seeing Dan Brown's books stacked up in every book shop over the years. I had always feared reading his books as they were typically bulky. This had scared me from trying any of his books as I was not sure whether I could completely read them in a short span. As it turned out, I wanted to take a break from my scheduled reading of other popular science and math books. I was searching for some nice fiction book to read as a break. Some of the forums in the Internet had rated Dan Brown's books very highly which urged me into reading his famous fiction, "Angels and Demons". The surprising fact is that I could read this book completely in just 5 days though it had over 600 pages.<br/><br/>This novel is about the epic quest of a Harvard professor expert in symbols, Robert Langdon, to solve some of the mysteries surrounding the Vatican city. A terror group called Illuminati, which is believed to be extinct 400 years back, wreaks havoc in the Vatican city by smuggling a secret mass destructive weapon called anti-matter from a Swiss laboratory (CERN). This group also smuggles some of the top cardinals of the Vatican city on the day when a new Pope is supposed to be elected. Robert Langdon along with a CERN scientist, Vittoria Vetra, are taken to Vatican city to solve the mysteries around the Illuminati terror group.<br/><br/>The best thing about this novel is that it is very fast paced and the language is quite simple. Dan Brown has the art of writing so lucidly that even those who do not have a strong English background can easily breeze through the pages. The suspense inherent in the happenings at Vatican city are maintained and keeps the reader interested in the story till the very end. The thorough research carried out by Dan Brown in the Vatican city and Rome are quite evident through the credibility he injects into the novel. I am amazed by the amount of details of each incident in which Brown definitely excels. Another aspect of the novel which impressed me was the middle path taken by Brown between science and religion.<br/><br/>Brown also has a love for sarcasm and humor, which comes out at many places such as those involving the BBC reporters. I watched the English movie based on this novel after I finished reading it. The movie could hardly do any justice to the novel and some of the key incidents in the novel were neglected in the movie. However, I loved the artwork in the movie more than the screenplay. Dan Brown indeed is one of the brilliant fiction writers of the recent times. This novel is just a justification of this fact. Modern Indian writers like Chetan Bhagat, who churn out heap of junk novels, have plenty to learn from the writing of Dan Brown. I even reckon that Kamal Hassan borrowed generously from this novel while writing screenplay for his movie, 'Dasavatharam'.<br/><br/>There are places in the novel where some of the facts mentioned are a bit melodramatic and scarcely believable. I suspect Brown has taken creative liberty in using famous names such as Galileo into controversial incidents. This might have been done in order to make the novel more accessible. Another aspect of this novel which bothered me was that it is mentioned that the incidents in the novel happen in about 6 hours. The detailed conversation of the characters and the slightly slow paced search for the anti-matter leads you scarcely believe that all these incidents could have ever happened in 6 hours. Apart from such minor logical shortcomings, this novel is a rapid page turner and a worthy scientific thriller. I strongly recommend this novel to be a part of your bookshelf.
 Interesting read if you like Dan Brown’s other work. This is the third Brown book I have read and it’s pretty much just like the others. Don’t buy it though just rent it for free from the library. I wouldn’t read it again. And I don’t know how sexy Mr Langdon must be but I’m guessing pretty attractive since he’s been hooking up with a yoga flexible biochemist, descendent is Jesus Christ forensic detective, and smartest woman in the world doctor. Also it’s really annoying that Brown makes a point to comment on every woman in the book’s weight. I don’t know why that stuck out to me but it seems like he’s able to describe the men perfectly fine without categorizing them in size.
 Art historian and symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to Europe to investigate the mysterious death of a scientist with ties to the Vatican. Something very valuable and dangerous is stolen, and several very important people go missing. The killer/thief/abductor threatens a disaster of Biblical proportions in revenge for a legendary atrocity committed by the Roman Catholic Church centuries ago against a shadowy organization of scientists and like-minded free-thinkers. Time is ticking away, and it's up to our steely-eyed Harvard prof to solve the mystery and save the day.<br/><br/>As I read the story, I developed a wholloping case of deja-vu. If you've read Brown's blockbuster, The DaVinci Code (which takes place some time after this story), it turns out you've pretty much read Angels and Demons, except Angels and Demons is set in Rome and focuses on an artist of much less renown than Leonardo DaVinci.<br/><br/>Grisly murders with bizarre messages left at the scene? Check.<br/>Mentally-unbalanced mercenary killer? Check.<br/>Super-cool legendary secret society in conflict with stodgy, conventional Christianity? Check.<br/>Trail of obscure signs embedded in famous works of art, leading to a "truth" repressed for centuries? Check.<br/>A hidden scandal that would rock the world's foundations if anybody found out? Check.<br/>Good guys who turn out to be bad guys, and vice-versa? Check.<br/>Robert Langdon: art historian, nerdy polymath, and reluctant action hero? Check.<br/>Sultry girl-genius sidekick/romantic interest? Check.<br/><br/>Ah, the joys of formula. Sigh. It's still a good yarn, though, and I ripped through the 700-plus-page paperback in a couple of evenings. Brown knows how to hold a reader's attention. The art-based puzzles are fun, the travelogue is interesting, and Langdon is an appealing, accessible hero--an emotionally-vulnerable everyman, despite his braininess. The portrayal of organized religion seems more balanced here than in The DaVinci Code. Rather than telling us that everything we thought about Christianity is wrong, Brown's characters argue more for the idea that religion and science both have a place in the world and ultimately work in harmony to point us toward God, if we'll only listen. Though I doubt Brown is a big fan of the Catholic Church, and he certainly isn't shy about portraying its failings and missteps over the centuries, he also presents characters in the Vatican hierarchy who display true courage, humility, and devotion to God.<br/><br/>Even for a work of fiction, there are some real groaners. Among a shotgun blast of logically-fallacious assumptions that similarity equals causality, Professor Langdon blithely makes a ridiculous connection between Christian symbology and Aztec religious rites. At the story's climax, he survives an action so implausible it breaks my willing suspension of disbelief, and I'm a fantasy writer. Finally, not one, not two, but three characters' hobbies become deus-ex-machinas that rescue Langdon and everyone else from disaster. Lesson learned: Don't give up on that yoga class-it could save your life someday.<br/><br/>If you liked The DaVinci Code or enjoy suspenseful mysteries with lots of dashing about in exotic locales, you'll probably like this story of Robert Langdon's earlier days, too. Thrills, chills, a few non-explicit adult situations and the aforementioned grisly murders. Older teens and up.
 Before a recent trip to Rome, I re-read “Angels &amp; Demons” by Dan Brown and it reminded me how well Brown crafts puzzle-like plots. I’ve always liked his thrillers because they involve history and religion. But the key for me is the puzzle at the heart of each story, and this is one of his best. While the ending may be a bit far-fetched, solving the puzzle provided plenty of fun. I also appreciate the way Brown wove the theme of science verses religion into this story. To me, the way the theme plays out elevates the novel, offering something more than just a good riddle for the reader to ponder. Of his Robert Langdon novels, this one may be my favorite.
 After receiving a phone call in the middle of the night, Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist, is ordered to come to a scientific research facility called CERN in Geneva Switzerland.  Upon arrival, Langdon is informed of the murder of a top scientist named Leonardo Vetra who had the mysterious word, Illuminati, burned onto his chest.  Vittoria, Leonardo Vetra’s daughter tells Langdon and Maximum Kohler, the director of CERN, that her and her father had recently created the first specimens of antimatter which, in the wrong hands, could vaporize everything in a four mile radius.  The three are shocked to discover that the largest specimen of antimatter was stolen from a lab with seemingly impenetrable security.  However, Maximum Kohler learns of a threat issued by the Illuminati indicating that the antimatter was somewhere hidden within Vatican City.  Together with Langdon's knowledge of the history of the Illuminati and Vittoria’s knowledge of the antimatter, they fly to the Vatican and attempt to locate and bring it back to CERN within twenty four hours.  After twenty four hours, the batteries inside the canister will fail and vaporize the Vatican.  Although confusing at times and misleading at times, Dan Brown’s Angels and Demons is a fantastic novel that contains many good qualities. The character’s are well rounded and have many defining characteristics that distinguish them from one another. The plot contains many different twists that will leave the reader second guessing any predictions they had about future events in the book.  Although the novel does a decent job at explaining the many scientific and religious terms used throughout the book, the reader may find difficulty comprehending what the text is saying which, as stated before, can lead to confusion.  This book should be read by any teenager or young adult who enjoys fictional literature as it can offer an excuse to escape the real world and dive into a similar one that is filled with fictional elements such as antimatter and ancient, satanic colts.
 I may be one of the few, but I read “Angels &amp; Demons,” before “The Da Vinci Code.” Most people read Dan Brown’s mega hit first and then discovered his other novels. I, however, love thrillers and am always looking through the book stores for fun reads. I was riveted to “Angels &amp; Demons,” I loved it. I, again probably one of the few, didn’t like the story of “The Da Vinci Code,” as much as its predecessor. However, “The Da Vinci Code,” story is tighter and easier to follow, there’s a lot going on in “Angels.” Brown honed his craft on “Angels,” but I really enjoyed the story.<br/><br/>The author loves his secret societies, and guess what – so do the rest of us. Intrigue, suspicion, mayhem, conspiracies, and wickedness mixed together, then sprinkled with a little historical fact make for a powerful commercial success. “Angels &amp; Demons,” brought me to places I had not been before – the catacombs of the Vatican. As a matter of fact, the novel brings you all around the Vatican and its beautiful surroundings.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is introduced in this novel. A professor of iconology at Harvard University, he is awakened from a dream by a call from a CERN scientist.  When I was reading this novel, I didn’t realize that CERN was a real corporation. I looked up CERN when another author, Douglas Preston, introduced another big bang machine in his novel, “Blasphemy.” Okay, so I detoured a little.] Langdon dismisses the call as a mistake. Later, a fax with a picture of a corpse and the word “Illuminati,” burned into the corpse’s flesh did catch the professor’s attention. And so begins this cat and mouse game through Europe and into the very depths of the Vatican’s inner circle.<br/><br/>Brown took a historical secret society, Illuminati, and added on an imaginative conspiracy. The Illuminati, in actuality, was an outgrowth of the Enlightenment founded by Adam Weishaupt in 1776 in Bavaria. Weishaupt rejected his Jesuit training and his mission was to establish a new world order abolishing monarchical governments and religion. The Illuminati existed for only around 10 years before an edict from the Bavarian government outlawed all secret societies. There is still plenty of intrigue surrounding most of the secret societies. Fascinated by covert agencies, Michael Bradley wrote a book entitled, “The Secret Societies Handbook.” Bradley believes the Illuminati the most powerful society of them all, and still very active today. People love conspiracy theories.<br/><br/>Two other good topics to play off each other are religion and science, and Brown uses that to his advantage in this story. Brown is also well versed in art history and religious symbology, as well as his knowledge of secret societies. So he bends the rules a little (maybe a lot – according to an art history professor I had at Rutgers). In the end, however, “Angels &amp; Demons,” is a work of fiction that stretches the limits, but keeps you turning the pages.<br/><br/>This might be a good pick for book club because of the religion and science aspects, such as the big bang theory and Genius – can they coexist. It is also enjoyable once in a while to read a good suspenseful thriller – just for fun. Our book club, Between Friends liked the book a lot.
 `Angels &amp; Demons' is the book before the blockbuster `The DaVinci Code', and I think it is a superior book.  `The DaVinci Code' was marginally better for the thrills, but the story didn't serve a larger purpose.  The plot, revolving around the discovery that Jesus and Mary Magdalene had a child and thus a bloodline, served as a great vehicle for an exciting book, but did not engage the brain any more than to wonder if what, if any, of the book was historically accurate.  `Angels &amp; Demons' takes on the idea of science versus faith, a topic that is always relevant.  And while the movie, also better than the film version of its companion piece, didn't focus so much on this theme, hopefully its success will lead readers to this book.<br/><br/>In the book, the Illuminati, purported to be a group of scientists hounded by the Church during the Renaissance, have come back from the dead, stolen a destructive scientific project called `antimatter', and planted it somewhere in the Vatican during conclave with the intent of destroying the Church.  The four prefiti, or the favorites to be elected next Pope, are also kidnapped and killed one per hour leading up to midnight.  Of course, the hero Robert Langdon is flown in to help, given his Illuminati expertise, and is rushed headlong into a gripping and fast-paced thriller.  Another aspect of the book I loved was how it luxuriated over the art, especially Bernini's, which served as Illuminati guideposts, dragging Langdon all over Rome.  But again, the real star was the faith versus science question, which culminated in the camerlengo's speech about 300 pages in.  Like Galt's speech in Atlas Shrugged (though much shorter), the camerlengo's address is a summation of the book' philosophy.  Every secular segment of the world now seems to be against faith, from gays to government.  It's not a mere dichotomy- it's a fight, with plenty of hatred on both sides.  As the camerlengo, (momentarily heroic but eventually misguided) eloquently states, the wisdom that faith provides is much needed in the world today.  We need a world where faith and progress can coexist.  Otherwise we will continue to be inundated by technology and lose ourselves in the process.  I found this message meaningful, and thought it added fantastic substance to the book.<br/><br/>The book loses some points because the writing is mundane, which is typical for genre fiction.  But the book was thought-provoking, which is not so typical.  And as usual, Brown takes us on a fascinating and thrilling ride.
 After spending six years in Iraq with numerous Masons from various lodges, albeit mostly Prince Hall and Blue lodge masons(many I consider brothers for other reasons), I can tell you the truth is somewhere in-between both sides of this debate. If one can truly put away their own bias on this subject, they will find enough legitimate evidence to support 'some' of the alleged bad things and good things that occur in many lodges. Note that a much greater number of US Government, Military, and Law Enforcement personnel are Freemasons than you would ever imagine. Think of them as protectors, or gatekeepers.<br/><br/>Before I discovered how many of my friends and associates were Masons while working for the DoD in Iraq, my preconceived notion was that they were probably satanists, or followers of the occult. Although, some of the concepts, rituals, etc. might technically be occult, the majority of the Masons I know are not bad, or evil. Most of the masons I lived, worked and risked my life with were of the highest quality character, had the best work ethic, and were the most selfless people, just as our masonic founding fathers.(i.e. George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, etc) However, here goes the sad, but true part..<br/><br/>When others resort to blanket stereotypes and ignorant generalizations about Freemasons, they are being sidetracked. The REAL problem is the protective Masonic structure itself imbues masons (both Good and Bad) with the "potential" to become dangerous threats to humanity. I am NOT speaking of what I 'think' or 'feel', rather what I have witnessed myself in an environment much like the movie, Beyond the Thunderdome (power struggles in a war torn country). I have seen many good masonic people enable, support, and protect a few filthy ones who have done more harm to their brotherhood than anyone on the outside. Some of the most detestable things I saw over there came from power hungry masons who constantly exploited the masonic system in order serve their own interests, or evade the law.<br/><br/>I do not believe what I repeatedly saw from the self-serving ones were isolated incidents, but more like a microcosm of what happens elsewhere, including back home.<br/><br/>You might think, "Well, who the hell cares?". That would be the wrong question.<br/><br/>Now think about where this might apply in a society full of Waste, Fraud, and Abuse; Corruption. What about the most powerful politicians who keep screwing Americans, but can't ever seem to be voted out of office? Consider the one bad cop on the squad who 'unnecessarily' kills an innocent youth (i.e. trigger happy), but never sees jail time? And how about the CEO of a large bank who somehow manages to convince the Treasury to allow the transfer of toxic debt from their balance sheet onto the backs of the public, sticking it to the average citizen struggling to pay the rent? What about that time a company starts laying employees off, but the new guy who doesn't even know his stuff yet, still keeps his job? Yeah, it is predominately because of 'who they know' and the fact that Masons will not turn on each other, even if they have one sorry excuse for a piece of crap brother whose a murderer. What was once a powerful force for good and freedom early in American history has quite simply been corrupted and exploited.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong, I very much revere General Patton, Eisenhower, and MacArthur as I borrow quotes from them all the time. Unfortunately, the world is so messed up right now, these wolves I previously spoke about are licking their chops once they get in, as they are fully aware of the level of benefits, protection, and more influential connections they will make. Every time I asked one of the new guys why they were joining, it was always a selfish response. "I'd like to have a political career someday." or "I need a hookup." (trying to get a better job)<br/><br/>While working for Centcom, I can tell you the majority of Freemasons I knew were a step above the rest of us. But I cannot emphasize enough that some of the most corrupt, filthy, dangerous, thieving scumbags out there also wore the same robe. For much of the criminally inclined savages on earth, they will eventually face the law and justice will be served. But, there's a good chance that same criminal who wears a robe will be placed above the law. Depending on the circumstances and personality of the individual this can empower an ordinary criminal (including a thief) to become a VERY dangerous one.<br/><br/>Quite frankly, there doesn't seem to be enough checks and balances, or rather they simply don't work too well since the tight-knit brotherhood can effectively result in a 'no snitch' policy.<br/><br/>The adequate response from all Freemasons should be reflective in nature, to determine just how to make this right, restore what has been lost and prevent the great potential for tyranny, injustice, and further inequality.<br/><br/>Another reason I had to comment, I really got tired of seeing folks bash some of my friends without even knowing any of them. Trust me, they're not sorcerers. Basically, there's a whole lot of good people doing great work, spending lots of time helping charities and who die regularly for our country, but there's a few rotten apples destroying anything good still left in the system.<br/><br/>Just in case you're wondering, because of the aforementioned character issues of a `few' really shady masons, AND because of my personal religious beliefs I will likely never join Freemasonry.<br/><br/>I'd also like to consider this a plea for the Masonic leadership take this issue seriously, before it's too late. It may sound crazy, but the balance of power, future of humanity might very well depend on it. Just look around. Freemasons are just as much responsible for shaping the world today as they were way back then during early Colonial days. If the leadership hasn't even started to clean things up yet, it may be a sign it's time for all Freemasons to start shaking things up.
 I read Dan Brown's novel 'Da Vinci Code' a few years ago and found it interesting enough that when I saw 'Angel's and Demons' at a garage sale, I figured it was worth picking up. Shortened version of the plot, Vatican against Anti-Christian group Illuminati.<br/><br/>Dan Brown as usual writes a riveting thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat as the main character Robert Langdon learns about anti-matter, and then begins the adventure in Rome and the Vatican. Brown does a great job of keeping the reader in suspense and never knowing what will happen next, from that standpoint, this book is great.<br/><br/>Brown also has a knack for not distinguishing truth from fiction in his books. He states at the beginning that XYZ are true, and then he proceeds to take many great leaps afterwards but writes them with so much detail that you begin to question the authenticity. This left my head scratching a few times, but what bothered me the most was how he portrayed Christianity in the book. If the views of Christianity were left to the Illuminati (anti-Christian group) I wouldn't be offended really because the group obviously would have a certain bias against the Christian faith, but Brown doesn't use them to speak on religion. Instead he uses the Catholic characters to do that and they often undermine the very fabric of the faith. At one point, God is described as being that little something that is inside each and everyone of us (including non-Christians), that all religions are correct in a way of speaking, that the cardinals of the Vatican believe the miracles in the Bible are pure fairy tales....the list goes on. Some of these points could be debated I know, but the characters stating them were the upper echelon of the Catholic faith (from the book's perspective).<br/><br/>Overall, the book was very entertaining, just be careful with the author's own biases as you read.
 I approached Angels &amp; Demons having already read DaVinci Code and enjoying it.  I wasn't entirely sure what to expect but suspected some sort of religious conspiracy plot coupled with treasure hunting puzzle solving to save the day.  That's exactly what I found, but the result was much more stunning than I expected.<br/><br/>While critics argue that Dan Brown isn't destined to be categorized as classic literature in years to come, he presents us with a gripping, suspense filled story that kept me turning pages as fast as I could.  The format was interesting in that he generally set up a small chapter for each of the major players in the plot such that in the span of 5 pages, you could have 3 or 4 chapters each spinning the plot on its head.<br/><br/>Aside from Robert &amp; Vittoria, most of the characters felt fairly flat (until the last few chapters when the charmelengo (sp?) and Kholer gained some added depth).  Still, each character had enough depth to keep the story progressing and make their actions believable.  Some of the quirks &amp; depth that Brown used to present backstories felt a little painted on at times as I turned through numerous sections of flashbacks, but they were still presented well and helped add variety and depth to the story.<br/><br/>What I liked most was the fast paced story with it's intriguing and well-researched treasure hunt.  The frantic action felt more believable in this book than it did in DaVinci.  The underlying terrorist plot (in Angels)felt like a more compelling impetus to action than the threat of arrest or an impending discovery (in DaVinci).  Even so, I kept having the nagging feeling that somebody else in the past few hundred years would likely have stumbled upon the clues or people Langdon was following.  I think it was that feeling that helped me swallow the ending a little more.<br/><br/>As to the ending (without spoiling it for anyone), I really liked the way it was played out.  Brown did a great job of throwing red herrings in the path again and again to keep me guessing.  Even through the last 50-100 pages, things were changing or being revealed so rapidly that I felt myself caught up in the same excitement that the characters were feeling.  It was great.<br/><br/>My main complaint about the book was the length.  Approaching 600 pages felt a bit steep for the "pulp fiction" novel I had been expecting.  Even with all of the intrigue and depth of the conspiracy theories and historical background, there were times that I glanced at how many pages I had left and got a little disheartened and hoped it would wrap up sooner.  At the same time, as I look back I can't think of any scenes or segments that I would rip out whole-heartedly and shrink the book size.  Perhaps some of the flashbacks could have been shorter or excluded, but even without those, we'd probably only lose a hundred pages or so at max (and that feels like a very optimistic count).  Truly every chapter helped build the suspense, mystery and excitement and kept me thoroughly engaged.<br/><br/>Overall, this was a VERY fun read and I enjoyed reading it much more than I did DaVinci Code.  DaVinci felt rather slow in many spots, so much so that I felt like I was reading a history textbook a few times.  Angels &amp; Demons still included segments of historical narrative, but they were more compact and effective and didn't really detract from the pace and plot of the novel.  I still enjoyed the ideas explored in DaVinci, but as a story, I found Angels &amp; Demons a much more engaging read.<br/><br/>****<br/>3.5 stars (out of 5)
 There's not too much I can say about a book that already has 2000+ reviews written about it varying from "I loved it" to "I hate it."  I have to admit I didn't love it as much as I did The Da Vinci Code, but I didn't hate Angels and Demons either.  At 560 plus pages, however, there was a lot I could have done without.<br/><br/>Brown makes a slow climb to introducing the power of CERN and the antimatter that has been created.  I was already 100 pages into the book before I had really warmed up to it.  I almost gave up on it.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is a fascinating character, but Brown bats him around the head in a James Bond-like setting only giving Langdon a gun or a steel pipe for defense.  I know he's supposed to be more of a scholar, but Langdon almost gets lost in the action once the puzzles have been solved.<br/><br/>The book is riddled with cliche writing (pun intended) that even Brown should be ashamed of.  Strip away the religious banter, the ambigrams, the CERN science, and the historical blah blah, and you'd probably have a 5th grade creative writing essay.<br/><br/>Just as he did in the code, Brown distances himself from the bad guys, who've sent a pawn to do their dirty work anyhow.  We know he's the bad guy because he's in the "shadows" and laughs an evil laugh and kills people but the reader never really gets to know who he is or where he came from.<br/><br/>SPOILERS:<br/>By the time Vatican City was safe, I couldn't take much more but Brown tried to shove several more "A-has!" in just the last 40 pages from the Pope having a child to Fatima's third prophecy still being a secret.  I think these would have worked better had he not already put the reader through 500 pages, come to an over-the-top explosive conclusion, and only killed 6 people.  The adrenaline rush was over by then and I just wanted the book to end.<br/><br/>END OF SPOILERS.<br/><br/>I only read this book because there's a movie coming up and I do like Tom Hanks and look forward to seeing him in the lead role.  And you know Hollywood will clean up the manuscript and fit it into a two hour show.  Dan Brown should do the same thing with his next book.  Lay off the Catholics for a while and its religious mysteries.  Stop clouding your story with religious and historical "facts" which you twist around just to get people talking and Googling.  Oh, and maybe take a writing class or pick up a thesaurus and put down the Bible and the history books.<br/><br/>For readers out there who get all in a tizzy because Brown didn't get his facts right, grow up.  After all, this book is shelved in fiction.  We read fiction half expecting to be taken to another time and place anyway.  Brown found some far out stuff no one had ever written about, he put the good parts in, changed the parts he didn't like, and made a million dollars doing it.  Hmm...sounds just like those people who wrote our grade school history textbooks.  Oh...and the Bible too!<br/><br/>Notice I did give this book a 4 star review.  I have to give Brown kudos for the severely complex and over-the-top plot.  Once it got going, it did keep me interested enough to finish reading it despite the flaws I have pointed out here.  Now I'm going to go read something much lighter and fluffier...
 The premise of Brown's later "DaVinci Code" is a lot easier to encompass than this book--I can understand Ron Howard filming that one first. There appears to be a fusion of two or three authors happening here--Irving Wallace's "The Word" with more intensity, as well as the late Michael Crichton's  techno-thrillers with the expansiveness of Clive Cussler's Dirk Pitt yarns on the side. Another reviewer hit on how you can approach this book--by suspending disbelief. You simply have to shut off the "aw come on" reflex. There's a lot of stuff that in anything other than sci fi simply can't happen, and this isn't sci fi. Our Hero is academic powerhouse Robert Langdon (oops, forgot George Lucas's Indiana Jones), and you can actually picture the elbow patches on his tweed jacket. His potential love interest is physicist Vittoria Vetra, adoptive daughter of Leonardo Vetra, a physicist who has just used a super-collider in Switzerland to produce a usable quantity of antimatter. Yep, that's right--the stuff Scotty and Geordie LaForge use to power their respective Starship Enterprises. No dilithium crystals, though--maybe they come later. The problem is that the Vatican is stepping in with an anti-science initiative of the sort Galileo had to face in his time. So now Langdon is dragged into a jihad that prdates all the ones we're familiar with between them and the Illuminati, who are major backers of Vetra &amp; Daughter's lab. That's the dilemma the reader faces here--we start out with an adventure thriller that, if we picture it as a movie, would star Sean Connery and Sophia Loren, and now we end up with elements of a David Seltzer "Omen" clone. The reader who fulminates about today's priest scandals will seize on this as an excuse to boo the Catholic Church, but Brown is clever not to let this stray too far into ecclesiastic politics. And if he does too much of that, he will get tagged as a "controversial" author, which may limit him to an attitude-centered readership.
 I took this book as a loan from a well-meaning fellow reader...after explaining that I had read Da Vinci Code, and while I enjoyed the premise, the history, and the basic 'story', Dan Brown's writing style left me flat.....I have found nothing to change that opinion, really, with having read Angels and Demons.<br/><br/>The story here is even more fast-paced and thrilling than Da Vinci Code...another secret ancient brotherhood (such as the Priory of Sion), a religious cover-up (the famed Illuminati, centuries long opponents of the Catholic Church) and a trail of bodies leading to a long-sought after prize by Harvard Professor of Symbology, Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>With so many other reviews of this book, I won't outline the plot in any greater detail, but will instead focus on strengths and weaknesses, in my opinion.<br/><br/>Strengths: Again, this is more action packed and faster paced than Da Vinci Code......and to me a better story. Not that I have anything against a fictional story that purports to reveal a 'hidden bloodline' of Jesus Christ, like so many others, but this story, to me, was grounded more in actual documented history than Da Vinci Code was. And for all his knowledge and cleverness, Robert Langdon, in this book, seemed a bit more of an 'everyman' caught up in a terrible plot...and truly seemed to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. As a side note, though, having read this book now, you'd think that by the time Da Vinci Code took place, Langdon would have learned his lesson about getting caught up in such situations.<br/><br/>Weaknesses: Maybe I've forgotten more recent history, but did cell phones EVER have a 'dial tone?' That particular detail just about deterred me from reading any further than the first 100 pages of the book....as far as I'm aware no cell phone ever had a 'dial tone'. If I am wrong about this, I owe Mr. Brown an apology, but....if not, it's glaring errors like this that turn me off to a book, typically, no matter how interesting the subject matter might be. I also found yet again a very 'pedestrian' style of writing here....too many chapters that start out setting a scene such as 'The Secret Vatican Archives are located at the far end of....' This sort of 'dumbed down' writing is exactly what normally deters me from reading modern-day thrillers....I prefer to use my imagination a bit more, and also to read authors who spend a bit more time incorporating details such as the location of the Secret Vatican Archives into their story in such a way that it doesn't read like a tour book. Suffice to say I like to read authors who use their own imagination to make me use mine when I read their works.<br/><br/>Nonetheless, if Dan Brown ever gets around to releasing 'The Solomon Key,' (rumored to be another Robert Langdon novel) I will, more than likely, read it.  Despite my criticism of his writing style, and some glaring errors in storytelling, I must say that (in Mr. Brown's favor)he does choose some very interesting topics to write about. Although I prefer the 'modern thrillers' written by Steve Berry if I do choose to read a book from this genre, Dan Brown at least does have a fertile imagination.
 So far, most things I have read have left me feeling both elated and disappointed. This one was more disappointment than elation. I felt that the book's pace dragged with too much of a rush of revelation at the end.<br/><br/>Again, I have seen the movie and found many differences. While not entirely annoying, the differences matter a great deal in how I view the main character. Robert Langdon is more heroic in the book than he is presented in the movie. It seems almost unfair to take that from him while on the big screen. There is still a hanging question of who the woman in his dreams are. This is the second book she is seen in but she is -not- the main female protagonist.<br/><br/>All in all, I could have been happy reading the Cliff Notes version of this book and moving on to the next. Thus, my quest will continue on to the next of the series to see what Dan Brown has to offer in The Lost Symbol.
 Angels and Demons is "Robert Langdon's first adventure" as the cover tells us, and can be considered a warm-act for Da Vinci Code (DVC), in many ways a similar book. It took Dan Brown several tries to get the thriller right. When he finally succeeded with DVC, the result was many, many millions in sales. But it was an uneven road getting there.<br/><br/>The biggest difference is plausiblity -- a critical issue for thrillers. (Michael Chricton never failed to score a bestseller because his emphasis is always on giving us a splendid illusion of total plausibility.) Although many aspects of DVC have been discredited, the premise of DVC does have a plausible idea behind it: the received, orthodox view of Christianity hides the fact that there were other versions of Christianity circulating in the early centuries before one of them won out. Therefore, despite the errors in DVC, it struck a huge chord with the public. Also, there are many narrow escapes in that book, but none of them are unbelievable.<br/><br/>What we're asked to believe in Angels and Demons is nothing short of fantastic.... should I say, miraculous. A man falls from two miles (two miles!) holding a piece of tarp that's no substitute for a parachute and then survives -- with nary a broken bone -- because he landed in a river! That's nearly a fatal flaw, but there's more: imagine a respected church official initiating a wild plot that risks blowing up the Vatican, merely to make his enemies look bad. An argument about Creation that hinges on the existence of anti-matter. (I didn't buy it: scientists have known about anti-matter a long time, and the starship Enterprise used it in the 60s!) Grusome murders that serve no real purpose other than to be gratuitous violence. Above all, an "illuminati" plot that's widely accepted despite no Illuminati ever showing up.<br/><br/>The "proof" of the existence of the Illuminati -- a secret anti-religious association of politicians and scientists that controls the world -- is the appearence of ambigrams. These are clever word displays that spell the same word(s) when turned upside down. But if the existence of ambigrams were sufficient to prove the Illuminati in the story, then why not in real life? Dan Brown found an artist clever enough to create them (the artist's real-life name is John Langdon), so by Brown's own logic, that proves that in real life, his friend John Langdon is part of the Illuminati!<br/><br/>I read this novel in part because I wanted to see what Brown's take on Catholicism was in this novel. In DVC, Robert Langdon is hunted by a renegade bishop who is a member of Opus Dei. In A&amp;D, he is trying to SAVE  the Church from a cannister of anti-matter planted in the Vatican. Believe it or not, the views of the two books are ultimately consistent: religion is valid, orthodoxy is suspect. That's one thing I LIKE about Dan Brown.<br/><br/>In A&amp;D, though, Robert Langdon is a little too much James Bond in Harris Tweed, slugging it out with the villain at great length, putting Harrison Ford or Sean Connery to shame. I much prefer the more believable, mellowed-out Langdon of DVC, since he is supposed (after all) to be a Harvard professor, not some kind of Superman.
 In Angels and Demons, Dan Brown introduces the Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon.  While on a tour of Italy, Langdon is called into an investigation of the murder of a physicist.  The murderer left a brand on the body with the ambigram (writing able to be read rightside up or upside down) 'Illumanati', the name of ancient cult that Langdon has studied.  The murder also abscounded with a substance called anti-matter, which has the ability to level a couple of city blocks.  The murderer hid the anti-matter somewhere in the Vatican and, worse yet, has also kidnapped several cardinals in the mist of a papal election.  With the help of the physicist's daughter, Vittoria, Langdon travels to Rome to try to stop the destruction by solving clues dealing with artwork in order to try to locate the anti-matter before it is too late.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons is the first appearance of Robert Langdon, who later appears in the Da Vinci code.  Langdon is an Indiana Jonesque professor/adventure who uses his knowledge and wits to solve byzantine puzzles.  In this novel, Dan Brown first displays his ability for thrilling writing and erudite knowledge of art history.  I found it impressive that all of the artwork and buildings mentioned in the book actually exist and that many fans have even devoted websites to them and the book on the internet.  It is interesting to read the book and then look up the actual works and discover that they as just as you imagined them.<br/><br/>In terms of plot, Angels and Demons is similar to its sequel, The Da Vinci Code because books deal with a grisly murder, a secret society, clues hidden in artwork, and Christianity.  However, I found the plot of Angels and Demons to be better fleshed-out than that of The Da Vinci code.  The sexual tension better Langdon and Vittoria was better than that between he and Sophia, the clues were crisp and never vapid (unlike the cryptex within the crytex in the Da Vinci code), and the plot twists were more surprizing.  Finally, in my opinion, the ending of Angels and Demons was much better than the conclusion of the Da Vinci code.  Not that the Da Vinci code was not a very good book, but Angels and Demons just has a stronger storyline.<br/><br/>If you have read the Da Vinci Code, pick up Angels and Demons because it is just as good if not better.  It is true that Brown has become formulaic in his writing, but I think that this approach is somewhat of a good thing.  He has started an adventure series that hopefully will have many more installments in the years to come.  He is a great novelist of intelligent adventure.
 Overall I liked the book; fast-paced and unpredictable.  My primary problem was that Langdon appears to be a genius in some ways but ignorant in others.  As other reviewers noted, he could not triangulate the source of the transmission, he attacked the deadly Hassassin twice in the same amateurish manner, he solved in minutes puzzles that eluded the greatest minds for centuries, etc.  But maybe that's okay.  Some folks are geniuses in some areas and ignorant in others (Einstein failed math sort of thing).<br/><br/>I was also concerned the author starts off with a page noting that references to places, works of art, etc. are true, and that the Illuminati does exist, but then throws in numerous tidbits of so-called history are really out in left field.  For example, he notes that Christianity borrowed many of its elements from other religions, which is true.  But in addition to the usual "Christmas and Easter were pagan" insights he notes that Christianity borrowed elements such as communion from the Aztecs.  That may explain why Catholics use little round flat wafers--tiny tortillas.  But how did Christ, 2000 years ago, borrow the idea of "take, eat, this is my body," from Aztecs who on a continent that would not be discovered for another 1500 years?  (Chariots of the Gods, perhaps?  Jesus spent time with New World Aztec astronauts during the missing years of his life?).<br/>  I enjoy a novel with well-researched historical background.  But if the author sets it up as such, I don't expect totally off the wall conjecture to be tossed in and passed off as "fact."<br/>  Still, in spite of my complaints, I enjoyed the book; it's a thrill ride, even if you must suspend disbelief.  It isn't a source of reliable insights into esoteric lore and conspiracy theories, but it's a good read.  And I suppose if you really want to know what was true or what was not, you can buy one of the books written about Angels and Demons.
 After reading The Da Vinci Code a few years back, I was intrigued by the character of Robert Langdon and decided to read his previous adventure, chronicled in Angels &amp; Demons.<br/><br/>In this, Langdon's first race against time, someone is threatening the conclave of cardinals electing a new pope with a new technology, antimatter. This someone is also systematically murdering the four favorites for election, according to an ancient study of science. This someone claims to be a group long thought dead or mythical: The Illuminati. Langdon, a professor of symbology, is the only man who can figure out where the next murders are going to take place, tracing the assassin through Rome and Vatican City in a race against time before the Vatican City is blown sky high with a quarter gram of antimatter.<br/><br/>Reading Angels &amp; Demons requires a massive suspension of disbelief. However, once that suspension is achieved, the story is gripping, the mystery twists and turns, and gets a huge "OMG no way!" reaction when all is finally revealed.<br/><br/>My one problem with the book, the reason it only got 4 stars instead of 5, was this: Brown is a lazy author. Yes, he researches certain things thoroughly: the art involved, the city his characters race through, etc. However, I found myself arguing with simple premeses - something rudimentary research could have solved. It's like Brown got so involved with his convoluted plot and impressive art and history name-dropping that he forgot the simple things. Forgot his basics, so to speak.<br/><br/>If you're looking for a good adventure story with history, art, and some pseudo-science thrown in, do read this book. If you're looking for realism? Stay away.<br/><br/>One final word: Angels and Demons, like The Da Vinci Code, is fiction. People tend to forget that. They are both works of fiction, poeple.. please, keep that in mind.
 The success of The Da Vinci Code was a miracle in a way, that can be explained but has little to do with the literary value of the novel, but it has a lot to do with the new demand from people to be introduced to some spirituality. Since then Dan Brown is trying to relaunch his previous novels. This one is such a re-launch and it shows how The Da Vinci Code is different. The subject is the Catholic church again, and the Vatican again. But you need to suspend your disbelief quite a lot to accept this plot in the Vatican. The plot is breath-taking and the suspense is astonishing. You cannot predict the end ahead of time, though you can feel from the very start that one of the characters, in spite of the author's misleading you among various people and events, is not exactly what he seems to be. But you are taken by surprise when you reach the last leg of the story. The book is trying to analyze a very old conflict between religion and science, from the Catholic point of view. The book shows very clearly how science is a permanent miracle but also how irresponsible scientists are, and first of all because ethics is not their problem. They do not consider the long-term and human consequences of their inventions. This is very true, and yet very false because science, no matter how pure it can or could be, always answer a social order, a social demand, a social want or need. « Strangely » and « luckily » enough society does not speak with only one voice : it is divided in several groups and science is under several demands, which means any invention is systematically turned into a weapon on one side and a life-saving or life-improving device on the other side, at least because we could and should also consider the third demand which is to produce an explanation of the world and its existence. Maybe even some other demands like discovering dark forces, surreal forces and also produce some kind of artistically elegant and even beautiful vision of the world or spying-glasses necessary to look at the world's strange phenomena. On the other side religion is supposed to provide humanity with a spirituality, a vision in the unknwon, an identification for the wider force that animates the world (God), a solace in front of hardships and catastrophes, etc. The novel is based on Galileo's conflict with the church and the famous scientific sect known as the Illuminati. The research is important and interesting, though it is systematically oriented towards the satanic in spite of the identity of the scientific and artistic founding fathers. The question of the ethical responsibility of science and scientists is constantly present, but never solved of course. The question of the religious dimension of life in our modern 21st century is also constantly present and answered in two suvccessive ways. One is to go back to the sacred texts of the Bible and reenact the tragedy of Jesus. The other is to take a benevolent attitude towards the modern world and accompany people in their angst or fears. The book chooses a final solution and yet the question  remains unsolved. It cannot come to any inspiration in those two fields because it is a thriller and nothing else : ethical questions are nothing but a wrapping that finds no roots in our consciousness or intellectual culture. There are even some anachronic elements. P. 243 for example. The practice of `god-eating' in the Holy Communion cannot have been borrowed from the Aztecs because when Paul invented it, or when Jesus spoke of it in the Last Supper, the Aztecs were plainly unknown of them and could not be known in anyway. Yet this book, published originally in 2000, shows the emergence of the sipiritual question among people, but I would advise Dan Brown to do his research about Buddhism in more authentic depth, even if he needs to learn Pali, the original language of the basic texts of Buddhism, to avoid assertions about Buddhism being a religion, for one example, even if this distortion is common among American Buddhists who are over-influenced by the religious brand of Buddhism that grew in Tibet and has emigrated after the arrival of the Communists in Beijing in 1949. The Buddha is absolutely clear in the Dhammapada for example : there is no God, and we do not need any God because if God answers the question of the creation of the world, than who created God ? In the book, this is an important scientific shortcoming : antimatter is declared created from nothing neglecting the fact that enormous quantities of energy are necessary to create that antimatter. So in the Big Bang, where did the energy come from ? That makes the book slightly unbalancing : our disbelief comes back fast with such elements.<br/><br/>Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Université Paris Dauphine, Université Paris I Panthéon Sorbonne
 I know I am hardly alone in this regard, but I read "Angels &amp; Demons" after reading Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code." I really do not think it matters in what order you read the two books although there are clear indications this book was written first (Brown does several examples of blatant foreshadowing, including early on the idea that one square yard of drag will slow a falling body's rate of descent by twenty percent). The two books are similar in that Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon deciphers clues to try and solve one murder while trying to prevent others in a mystery that involves the secrets of the Catholic Church. In this book a physicist is murdered at CERN, the Swiss research facility, and branded will a symbol representing the Illuminati, the centuries old underground organization of scientists who have a vendetta against the Catholic Church. The ancient secret brotherhood has acquired a devastating new weapon of mass destruction and intends to bring down the Vatican (literally).<br/><br/>Which book is better? My initial reaction would be that I liked "The Da Vinci Code" a bit more because so many of the clues were written out. When Langdon has to look over paintings, statues and other visual clues I find myself wishing Brown had supplied photographs in his book so that I could play along looking for clues (he does provide most of the requisite images at his website, but I did not know this at the time; of course, now there are illustrated editions available). Not that I had much success in my endeavors, but I did know that Leonardo Da Vinci wrote in his journals backwards so that I was ahead of Langdon for a half a page at one point. "Angles &amp; Demons" is played out on a larger and more public stage than "The Da Vinci Code," and when you get to the conclusion of this novel you might find it a bit much, but that is one of the reasons they call it fiction.<br/><br/>The biggest question in the debate over these books seems to be whether Brown is attacking the Catholic Church in his novels, which strikes me a bit odd after reading "Angels &amp; Demons" since the Vatican is the target this time around. This novel is more about the long struggle between science and religion than anything else, and the position Brown takes seems to be that the two are ultimately compatible. I did my dissertation on the Scopes "Monkey" Trial of 1925 and in the spectacle of Clarence Darrow cross-examining William Jennings Bryan that is codified by the fictional "Inherit the Wind," history has forgotten that the original position of the Scopes defense was that there Genesis and evolution were compatible. Consequently, I have a lot of sympathy for Brown's position and I think a careful reading of the text offers as strong a critique of science as it does of religion. Certainly that ideal is represented by the man who is murdered to start off the story and whatever faults in the history and theology of the Catholic Church might be discussed, there are just too many men of devout faith in the narrative to support the idea Brown is out to get the Church.<br/><br/>Nor do I have any real concerns with the extent to which Brown is playing with historical "facts." The whole idea here is to create a sense that the pieces of the puzzle fit together. I do not think for a second that these novels are true; all I need is to believe that they are plausible, so telling me that some statue's finger is pointed in the wrong direction if you go to Rome and see it for yourself is not going to matter to me because I understand how far the rules of the game apply to the real world. Even so, I think that Brown's factual foundation is more substantial than we will usually find under such circumstances, which would end up being a plus rather than a minus. Besides, I like all of the flashbacks to Langdon's discussions with his students (more classroom scenes in the future, please).<br/><br/>Solving the puzzles is the key enjoyment of these novels and that part of the creative process makes up for Brown's tendency to overplay his red herrings and to hide his true villains in plain sight. Ultimately the game matters more than the characters or the plot. As soon as you know that there will be four more murders you realize that at least three of them have to happen because the game has to be played out to the end, so it is not until the frantic end game that your attention really perks up and it is at that point that Brown starts unloading a whole lot of really big surprises on his characters and his readers. In the final analysis the point here is neither history nor theology, but to tell an exciting adventure yarn where the hero gets by mainly on his intelligence rather than good looks and/or weaponry. This is a hero I can actually identify with for once and that is fine with me too.
 The plot of Angels &amp; Demons is amazing. Dan Brown weaves some history into a mesmerizing tale of secrets, destruction, and the depths of human hate. This being said, I did have a few issues. First, as a reader with a small amount of knowledge of ancient Rome, one might gasp at the connections made. If your knowledge expands to more than the Sistine Chapel, you might find this story a bit far fetched. On his website, Mr. Brown claims that places and historical events in his novel as being fact. However, a quick glance through google and one finds many of these facts are a bit fictitious. As to not give anything away to the reader, I will point out an innocent 'general knowledge' fact that Mr. Brown was incorrect about. He claims the Pantheon was the largest free standing dome until the Superdome in New Orleans was built in 1960. In fact, a hotel in West Baden India eclpipsed the Pantheon in 1902. Then came the Astrodome- 12 years before the Superdome was built. If Mr. Brown is totally off the mark on some facts, it's hard to take this story too seriously. If the author's intent was to get the reader to ponder and discuss the book amongst conspiracy afficionados- then his research should have been more precise. This is not to say that everything in this book is wrong. He does indeed state many facts and brilliantly weaves them into his story. However, many 'facts' are bent or made up to make the story more believable. As a work of fiction, this is a darn good book, as long as the reader takes some of the facts with a grain of salt. As for the characters, Robert Langdon spends most of his time in each cathedral or location thinking, "Wow, I'm actually at the ---". When he's not feeling overwhelemed by his locales, he is feeling stupid. The awe struck feelings does not a world renowned Harvard symbologist make. How could a world renowned symbologist feel awestruck about seeing St. Peter's Cathedral from the back or being at the Pantheon when he must have been to a string of other magnificent places? This just doesn't fit the mold with what the character's back ground is. I found this pattern in many of his characters throughout this book.<br/><br/>In a nutshell, the concept of Angels &amp; Demons is interesting. The book makes for an amazingly fun story. However, Mr. Brown looses credibility by trying to sound too credible and his characters have about as much dimension as a pancake.<br/><br/>This is a fun story that might have been made astounding if written and researched a little better. Please keep in mind, this is my first Dan Brown novel- he may have gotten better. Now, on to Da Vinci.
 Consider this plot synopsis:<br/><br/>In the prologue a person dies and an item or some secret information is lost or stolen.<br/><br/>A college professor/scientist gets involved in the recovery of this item.<br/><br/>That person is thrust into a wild chase that gets more and more dangerous with each passing hour.<br/><br/>The person who put the professor in this bad position is a high ranking official or world renown authority on whatever item was lost. This person is often old or infirmed in some way.<br/><br/>That person is being followed by an assasin.<br/><br/>The assasin is being directed by a mysterious nameless person.<br/><br/>The mysterious nameless person that hired the assasin turns out to be the high ranking official who, up to this point, was thought to be on the side of the "good guys".<br/><br/>The world is saved in the final minutes or seconds.<br/><br/>That was the plot for every book that Dan Brown has written.  In Digital Fortress the item was an unbreakable code.  In Deception Point it was the possibility of life from space.  In angels and demons the "lost item" is the location of a bomb.  In Da Vinci Code it's the grail.  But it's still the same story over and over.<br/><br/>Moreover, Mr. Brown's writing reads like it's a novelization of a movie that was based on the book.  It's almost like he's saying to movie producers "See what a good movie script this would make!"  His books are full of action movie cliches.  The only thing missing is the hero diving (in slow motion) away from an expanding fireball.<br/><br/>However, even though he writes the same book again and again, the book he keeps writing is a fun read.  In Angels and Demons the overdone action sequences are tempered by some excelent descriptions of Rome, The Vatican, the process surrounding the election of a new Pope, and the Illuminati.  So yes, the book makes as much of a social contribution as your average Terminator or Indiana Jones movie.  But it's still a fun read.
 Magnificent book (It's also a movie now)<br/><br/>One of those books that moves at a really fast pace, sometimes one has to flip back and reread something that as it turns out was very important.<br/><br/>Highly recommend this book, but it's not one you will want to put down.<br/><br/>As a bonus, the book has some bad jokes in the banter between the scientist characters, like studying flounders to prove the world is flat.
 Against his better judgment, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon arrives in Switzerland to help investigate the murder of a scientist at the mysterious institute known as CERN. That scientist was also a Roman Catholic priest, and father of an adopted daughter also employed as a CERN scientist. Leonardo Vetra died with an ancient symbol branded onto his chest. That symbol is why CERN's director has summoned Langdon, a well-known expert on the ancient and supposedly long vanished scientific brotherhood called the Illuminati. Who were (and maybe still are, after all?) the Catholic Church's sworn enemies.<br/><br/>Langdon finds himself drawn into a race against time when it's discovered that Vetra's murderer has stolen the priest/scientist's incredible and supposedly secret discovery: a droplet of antimatter that will, if it's not recovered before its containment vessel's power fails, destroy Vatican City. Because someone has managed to hide the containment vessel inside the Vatican, and it's due to fail within hours. Vittoria Vetra, Leonardo's daughter and the containment vessel's inventor, joins with Langdon in a wild race to find the antimatter by discovering the truth behind her father's murder. If that isn't accomplished, Leonardo Vetra will be only the first priest to die wearing an Illuminati brand. On top of everything else, the Vatican is nearly deserted except for the Swiss Guard and College of Cardinals. The Pope has recently died (or was he also murdered?), so the cardinals are about to retreat into the locked Sistine Chapel to enact the ancient ritual of conclave.<br/><br/>This is a beautiful book. Dan Brown writes vivid descriptions, rich in sensory details; and his frequent, intense action sequences keep those descriptive passages from causing any sense of the narrative bogging down. Although the reader must suspend a great deal of disbelief at times (especially as the story reaches its climax), it's one cracking fine adventure with unusually generous helpings of history and culture to add interest. I found it easy to forgive the book's improbabilities because I had so much genuine FUN reading it.
 Overall: I have to rate this book three stars as the book has good promised but some very unbelievable elements and a poor ending which takes away from the interesting journey Dan Brown paints for the reader.<br/><br/>My main issue with the book is due to a few parts of the book that do not make sense, totally unbelievable and just take away from the story.  It seems like Dan Brown was in a hurry to wrap up several parts of the story without thinking through how the reader will take away from the book.  One can not fall from several miles in the with a tarp slowing you down slightly and land in a river with any chance of survival -- check out Mythbusters.  This is so obviously a lame plot devious and show lack of thinking by the author it is embarrassing.  The addtion of a Papal love child was pointless and distracting...Dan you know this was lame and should have pulled it the second you wrote it on your word processor.<br/><br/>Characters: Fairly two-dimensional and nothing to get excited about.<br/><br/>Plot: It had some very interesting elements to it.  However, I figured out who the "bad" guy was in the first 40 pages. The illuminati angle was interesting with some good research.<br/><br/>Action: The action was not bad aside from Robert jumping out of a helicopter at 3 miles in the air without a parachute and surviving.<br/><br/>Prose: The prose style was mostly average with a few good scenes.  Overall, Dan Brown is not a great writer; more like a good writer when he edits his work a couple of times.<br/><br/>Overall: 3 stars<br/>Characters: 2 stars<br/>Story: 3.5 stars<br/>Prose: 2.5 stars<br/>Action: 3 stars
 Angels &amp; Demons is Dan Brown's introductory Robert Langdon novel. Langdon is a Harvard professor specializing in Art symbolism who incidentally, become the Indiana Jones of the Catholic Church. This novel begins at 5 AM when the phone in his bedroom in Boston rings and ends 600 pages and 14 hours later after Langdon has saved the catholic church from itself and from a terrorist who has managed to hide a bomb in the vatican.<br/><br/>Along the way we are treated to a bewildering array of Rome exotica including various locations, public and private art and an education on the Vatican's procedures for electing a new pope, as well as background on Bernini, Gallileo and the Vatican's abiding hatred of science. Speaking of Science, Langdon's consummated love interest is a beautiful young Italian physicist who comes along for the ride because her father is the first victim of this fantasy. In addition to that, this is a story that pits science against religion.<br/><br/>The story is intricate and the plot is convoluted. I particularly appreciated how the author provided a masterful misdirection of the unveiling of who the real villain was. Most of the book is written in such a way as to suggest that the main villain (Janus) is one individual. Only in the last couple dozen pages do we find out who it really is. Before that, there are a few hints that something is not quite right with the main theory.<br/><br/>In addition to Janus, there is another appealing villain in the shape of the Assassin. This is very much of a comic book sketch as he is never fully described. However, his choice of methods of execution of the various innocents are very creative. The author has also carried this creativity to the artistic symbology depicted in the book. Any of you who may have read the DaVinci Code first will notice the progression from this book.<br/><br/>To fully enjoy this caper one must suspend his or her disbelief. There are many logical faults here. For instance, the Illuminati, we are told, have been very careful to hide themselves and no one in the Vatican has known where they are hidden in over 400 years. Yet, Langdon manages to trace their path in less that 12 hours and get to the lair at the heart of their "church" despite being assaulted, attacked, savaged, and half-drowned. The climactic scene unfolds in the skies above Rome with a huge explosion yet it seems that Janus and Langdon manage to survive it with nary a scratch - Langdon even falls to earth without a parachute!!!<br/><br/>In comparison to the DaVinci Code, I like the sequel better. The timing seems more realistic and the puzzles were fun to solve. In this book, the puzzles are not solvable without physically being in Rome and travelling to the various locations mentioned. Nevertheless this is a relatively minor nit.<br/><br/>So, suspend your disbelief and enjoy the caper!
 I have come to read Angels and Demons after reading The Da Vinci Code. As soon as you read it, you realize that it is a previous instantiation of the same template shared by TDVC, almost a testbed for the latter (I prefer not to spoil surprise and give no details about the strong similarities). But, in a personal view, I have found far more interesting hints here than in the more famous novel. First, in TDVC the action takes place in France, whilst A&amp;D is based in  Rome (I happen to be Italian, and to go daily to Rome for work); A&amp;D somehow refers to physics and CERN (I have got a degree in physics, even if not oriented in particles theory); it deals with obscure associations, which relate to Italian Academies (an editing work committed by my wife for a thesis of hers left me some knowledge about the subject).<br/>In a few words, my background seemed to fit perfectly to the details in order to appreciate the novel. I suspect that feature made me to find exciting a novel that I would have otherwise considered poorly refined and boring: almost every quote or reference in the novel, about physics, organization of Catholic Church, use of Italian language is wrong, or odd, or at least unusual. Sometimes I have met misuses which show hilarious sides, for example, in a sentence Brown makes the female character, to state «"If this guy disappears, we're fungito"» and adds «Langdon knew enough Italian to know she was right.». I DO NOT KNOW ENOUGH ITALIAN TO KNOW WHAT SHE MEANS, and that, together with many other errors, shook the certainty I have always been thinking of myself as a proper Italian mother-tongue. As a consequence, I had the curiosity to read how many sentences had been translated into Italian, but a quick search showed that an Italian edition will be released only in 2005.<br/>But, to be honest, that flood of oddities does not turn out to be a fundamental flaw; instead, giving a grotesque flavour to the whole, it enhances the general humour and speed the pacing action, and adding also a sort of treasure hunt (Which kind of silly surprise will the author manage to create in the next pages?) to the many ones already present. Of course, overwhelming presence of errors is a common feature in instant books, but I have never met before a collection so closely related to my background.<br/>I have been a bit more disappointed by the usual tricky way the author used to raise reader's attention, by cutting narration off abruptly, omitting explanation of fully visible and referred clues, and postponing them to further chapters, a device, in general opinion, a good writer should always avoid. The general plot is somewhat deceiving as well: Brown narrows down blatantly the possible identity of the villain, the mysterious commissioner of all crimes, to a unique character, and with a sudden and rough switch (just a bit rougher than in TDVC), reveals his real identity. Besides, at that point, the final rush seems to be end less, and becomes sometimes quite boring.<br/>Eventually, I have to take into account that I began to read TDVC, and went on with A&amp;D, while looking for not too demanding books: they can be appreciated ever referring to that expectation.
 ANGELS AND DEMONS is the precursor to Brown's no infamous THE DA VINCI CODE. ANGELS AND DEMONS introduces readers to the character of Robert Langdon, a Harvord professor and famed symbologist (are there actually people in the world who earn a living as a symbologist?). Langdon receives a mysterious phone call from a leader in the international scientific community asking him to investigate and analyze a mysterious cultic symbol that hasn't been seen in hundreds of years. The symbol turns out to be burned onto the chest of a Catholic priest and scientist and bears the name of an infamous Satanic cult known as the Illuminati. Thus begins Langdon's 24 hour adventure that takes him from Switzerland to Italy, through the streets of Vatican City, and above the world in helicopter to "Heaven". Langdon's on a mysterious trail following the signs of markers leading him to the Church of Illumination and eventually to the heart of darkness.<br/><br/>Due to all the buzz and hubbub surrounding THE DA VINCI CODE, I've avoided reading anything by Dan Brown. However, it seems that no matter where one turns, people are talking about Brown and his works and are now as ubiquitous as McDonalds and Wal-Mart. I finally decided to break down and read THE DA VINCI CODE to see what all the fuss is about. However, I decided that first I would read the first novel that featured Robert Langdon; what can I say, I'm somewhat anal and a completist.<br/><br/>Overall, ANGELS AND DEMONS is a highly entertaining book that is hard to put down. It's very fast paced and the short chapters make it easier for one to fly through the novel. To me, the story is key and ANGELS AND DEMONS has a good story. There are certain elements that are formulaic, but the story is written so well that most will hardly notice the formulas.<br/><br/>The illustrations and descriptions in the novel are usually quite vivid. Whether it's an secret library, a famous statue, or a person, the author does an excellent job at describing things and making them come to life in one's mind.<br/><br/>As a piece of writing, my only problem with the book is that there were one too many plot twists for me. I didn't mind the fact that the story never really reveals what's actually happening until the end. However, it's a little bit jarring as a reader for things to keep changing every 50 pages or so. Three or four unexpected twists are okay, five or six are bordering on the edge, but any more than that are way too much for a story like this. Towards the end of the book, the novel reads more like a screenplay for an action-adventure suspense movie than it does a mystery novel.<br/><br/>Some will find the book quite offensive. Though the tone of the novel is upbeat and a token note of positivism is given towards the end of the story, ANGELS AND DEMONS is rather harsh specifically towards Catholicism and to a larger extent Christianity in general. Besides Brown's excellent job at vivid descriptions, he's also a master of mixing fact and fiction together so that unless someone is schooled or educated about all the things that are discussed, it's rather easy to get confused and come away from reading the book with some false impression, wrong ideas, and even blatant lies about the Catholic faith, Christianity, and history. I am not Catholic, though I have studied a bit of Catholicism, but I am a Christian with some background in church history and such. I could easily point out some of the fallacies that Brown make in his book. However, many others are not able to do so. For me, I wasn't bothered by the fallacies because I knew that this was a piece of fiction. However, the book is written in such a way that many people will come away believing that though the story is fiction, it's told with mostly things that are true. This is a misconception that is dangerous and that some should know about in advance before reading the book.<br/><br/>However, overall I found ANGELS AND DEMONS to be an enjoying thriller and I'm glad I gave it a chance.
 Awesome book!Successful!Gallery!<br/><br/>Templars!<br/>It is courage, courage.<br/>This devotion and glory.<br/>Faith in the hearts of you are carrying.<br/>And with the way you will pass a dream.<br/>How to save the Holy Grail?<br/>You answer gazing into the distance.<br/>Brown knows only high.<br/>How many versions choose.<br/>If you can create yourself.<br/>After all, the whole concept of Paradise.<br/>Go cautiously.<br/>Thou hast not lose.<br/>Blood Lord is on the throne.<br/>How much knowledge of my God.<br/>Under the protection of the children of God.<br/>You with a diploma? Harvard will always help you.<br/>You live in the legends.<br/>What path you choose?<br/>Gallery!
 By Norma Beishir<br/>author, Chasing the Wind<br/><br/>I like Dan Brown's work. Admittedly, it's not what I would write--normally, I'm not big on fiction that's too "scholarly." I read nonfiction to be informed, fiction to be entertained, but he's the exception to that rule. His plots are so outrageous they make me forget the novels read like textbooks at times.  Okay, his characters are a bit too shallow, but if you're looking for a great, fast-paced story, here it is.<br/><br/>I read this one after The DaVinci Code, and I think it's a much better book than DaVinci.<br/><br/>NOTE: to the reviewer who commented that Brown had not explained how the camerlengo was so crazy after being raised by someone as sane as the Pope, I would suggest that his background spoke for itself. Nothing about his life was normal. He was born to two people who wanted a child but didn't want to have sex to get one (right there, he was cursed by genetics). His father never acknowledged him as his son--the papacy meant more to him than his own child. Even when his mother was alive, he didn't appear to have ever had a normal childhood. Then he saw her killed by a terrorist bombing. Psychologically, you just don't walk away from that sort of thing unscathed. I'll suggest that he was a sort of split personality--trying to live up to his beloved mother's wishes, but struggling with his resentment toward the same. No wonder he was as nutty as a bag of trail mix.<br/><br/>3/30/09 Just saw the movie tie-in edition. The new cover is BORING. But then, this is Dan Brown. The publisher could package his books in brown (no pun intended) paper bags with his name written in crayon, and they would still sell like parkas in Antarctica!<br/> ...]
 World renowned Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is laying in his bed early one morning when his world is shattered at 5:18 AM by a phone call from a mysterious Maximilian Kohler, head of an ultrasecret Swiss science organization who needs his services ASAP!  And when we mean right away, we mean RIGHT AWAY; Kohler is sending his private jet, which will bring Langdon to Switzerland to start the longest day and the most intense journey of his life. You see, a scientist working on a project to discover the secrets of antimatter has been Murdered, apparently by an ancient cult called The Illuminati, who seared their special brand into the dead man's forehead. Langdon soon learns that the killer or killers intend to revive the longstanding quest of this secret society by placing this antimatter bomb somewhere in the Vatican; their goal is nothing less than the destruction of the entire Catholic church!! Along the way, he encounters Vittoria, the ultrasexy, ultrasmart daughter of the dead scientist, and her aide is enlisted in the quest. Symbols, symbols abound, ancient scripts, cryptic messages, all of which must be solved by our intrepid duo before midnight when the Vatican goes Kaboom! Oh, and have I mentioned that there is a conclave of cardinals (not the birds, silly!) esconced in the Vatican, preparing to elect a new Pope? How remiss of me! Well, it seems that the killers also intend to gruesomely dispatch one of the cardinals per hour, and there is nothing Langdon, Vittoria, and the entire Swiss Guard can do about it, is there?  Wrong! Enter the camerlingo, the Pope's personal chamberlain, whose services are also enlisted in the quest. All in all, it's a madcap romp through 500+ pages and the longest day of everyone's life. Part James Bond and/or Indiana Jones adventure, part Umberto Eco symbology quest, all spellbinding, all guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat, all FUN!! However, a few cautions. First, if you are overly squeamish and cannot handle gruesome and macabre deaths graphically depicted, you might want to stay away from this book. Also if you are an overly critical type and love to look for all the factual flaws and inaccuracies of a work of FICTION (Isn't that a contradiction?? Think about it!), this book may not be for you as well. Still, if nonstop action and literary puzzles are what really grab your attention, then I would suggest grabbing a copy of this book right away and be prepared for the ride of your life. Quick before it's too late! The clock is ticking!!!
 This is quite a change from the mysteries that I am used to reading.  I found it quite intriguing.  A scientist, who has discovered antimatter, a highly volatile discovery, that has the qualities of being highly beneficial to society or extremely dangerous, if in the wrong hands, has been murdered and the antimatter stolen.  When he was found, he had the word illumanati burned on his chest and one of his eyes cut out.  The scientist is one of many who work at a scientific research center.  While most scientists seem to be atheists, he was a christian scientist trying to prove they could all work for the same purpose.<br/>The cannister of antimatter, which is shown by a camera, is placed in an unknown place in the Vatican and if not found within twelve hours will blow it up and everyone present.  The Vatican has lost their Pope and are now in the process of electing a new one so the Vatican is full of important Cardinals, ect.  Four of the cardinals who are potential candidates have been kidnapped and the kidnapper, a representative of the Illumanati, has called the media and informed them that they will be killed and where it will happen.<br/>Robert Langdon, well known for his study of the Illumanati, has been called in to see if he can give them information to help solve the case.  The daughter of the man who was killed, who was also a partner in the discovery of the antimatter, wants revenge on the perpetrator.  They are summoned to the Vatican when the cannister is discovered on one of their cameras, but the location of the cannister is unknown.  They are desperately trying to find the Cardinals before they are killed.<br/>The Illumanati are seeking revenge against the Catholic Church for the vileful acts perpetrated against them centuries ago.  It is a case of science versus religion.  Christianity is being attacked by the scientific community.  This is quite true today.  It is interesting to note that, while all God had to do was say let there be this or that and there it would be, that Satan couldn't do that.  He has to use magicians, etc.  Scientists today still make their discoveries and cloning, etc. using material that God created.  What the scientists today have developed has come so far that many of the prophesies in the Bible could be created, making it hard to for people to differentiate who is doing what.<br/>The author seemed to demonstrate in his book the fallibility of mankind, in both the scientific and the religious field.  Both had their downfalls.  In the end, it was not God, but man that was imperfect through Satan's influence.<br/>This was an exciting story that, if read as a fictional novel, will thrill the reader.  There is a surprising ending for the reader.  I think you will like it.  Enjoy!
 Rating System:<br/>1 star = abysmal; some books deserve to be forgotten<br/>2 star = poor; a total waste of time<br/>3 star = good; worth the effort<br/>4 star = very good; what writing should be<br/>5 star = fantastic; must own it and share it with others<br/><br/>STORY: Harvard professor, Robert Langden, is swept into a mire of mystery and action as he tries to save Vatican City from annihilation at the hands of a secret society sworn to take revenge on the Catholic Church<br/><br/>MY FEEDBACK:<br/><br/>1) The biggest controversy about this book and the DaVincci Code is the comments the author/characters make about God, religion and those who put their faith in God. I read a lot of different things which sometimes contains unwanted content. No problem. I simply keep reading and ignore that portion of the book.<br/><br/>However, there were three to four specific instances in this book where I really had a hard time because the author seems like he really doesn't know what he is talking about.<br/>- For instance the main protagonist is remembering a situation in his Harvard class where a student says that in Christianity man's image of God is that of an old man with a beard sitting in white robes sitting on a thrown. To which the protagonist responds of course and didn't you notice it is rooted in the pagan mythology of the image we have of the Greek god, Zeus? I personally can't remember anywhere where it states in the Bible or propagated throughout mainstream Christianity that God is an old man with a beard, white robes and sitting on a throne.<br/><br/>2) With blatant goofs like that out of the way and the skimming through the author's preaching of his anti-religion/anti-God beliefs...I have to say I was thoroughly pulled into this story.<br/><br/>3) Great mystery and wonderful handling of the writing by the author to keep the suspense going through high tension scenes<br/><br/>4) Great use of foreshadowing that gets you to want to find out what did the author mean by that clue<br/><br/>5) A LOT of character internal conflicts of emotions and thoughts. I swear it felt like 30% of the book was getting into the minds of the characters. In many other books with such a high percentage of the writing is dedicated to this aspect of the story they unfortunately aren't handled very well. But here the author keeps the pace going and the thoughts are believable and make you connect with the characters better<br/><br/>6) The end seemed drawn out.<br/><br/>7) Kudos to the author for writing a story that deals very clearly with controversial issues. . .even if he misrepresents both sides of the argument<br/><br/>8) The setting was phenomenal! He really did his research and pulls you into the locals and culture of Vatican City and its surrounding area. Makes me want to take a trip there.<br/><br/>OVERALL: I gave it a 4.5 stars for the blatant anti-god stuff and I dropped it another half star for the long ending. He might not be the best writer but his handling of action, tension and storyline outshines all the other short-comings.
 Soon I'm going to be taking part in a book study on The Da Vinci Code.  I've really had no interest in that particular book other than to see what all the fanfare was about.  So, I figured that if I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it right.  I picked up the precursor to The Da Vinci Code, called Angels and Demons.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons is certainly fast paced.  If you are looking for a thrilling page-turner, this book is for you.  However, if you're looking for some deep characterization, might I suggest (insert here)?  Yes, that was sarcasm.  It's not that I didn't like the book, because I did.  I just didn't care about the book, and for me, that is a fundamental difference.  I read it simply to see what happened next, not because I really felt a personal investment for the characters within the story.  In other words, this is what's called a plot-driven novel.  The characters are there to drive the plot forward.<br/><br/>There were really interesting twists and turns.  There were very cool exotic locations.  There were fascinating scientific and theological lectures.  And the suspense was executed rather masterfully.<br/><br/>On the other hand, I have absolutely no idea what to believe in this book.  Most of it takes place within the most secret portions of Vatican City.  So, as you can imagine, certainly liberties had to have been taken.  Moreover, Dan Brown gives us a pseudo-history lesson on historical figures that may or may not be true!  I have no idea if Galileo founded a secret society of scientists!  I have no idea if there exists a super-science organization located in Europe!  I have no idea if the Catholic Church is guilty of half of what he writes they are.  Yes, I know the book is fiction, but c'mon, when the guy tells you its all fact before you start reading, it messes with your head!  Curse you, Dan Brown!  I didn't mean that.<br/><br/>All in all, this book was fun to read.  I don't know if I learned anything from it from a moral, creative, or intellectual standpoint, but I did enjoy it.  I'm hoping that The Da Vinci Code is a bit more reliable.<br/><br/>~Scott William Foley, author of <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Souls-Triumphant/dp/0595360823/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Souls Triumphant</a>
 You are reading this review not because you've been looking for great prose, nor because you wanted to broaden your horizon. Most likely you've read the preceding sentence to find clue as to whether this book has as much entertainment value as you desire. There were passages in which it was impossible to suspend disbelief (for instance the helicopter "scene" near the end of the book -- I'll leave the description of the scene at this for the fear of becoming a spoiler), but overall the book was a fun read, even surpassing the entertainment value of the author's widely successful Da Vinci Code. The plot of Da Vinci Code in my opinion ran out of stream roughly half way through that book; in Angels and Demons, the plot pretty much held its integrity till the very end.<br/><br/>What makes Dan Brown's thrillers so intriguing? My take on this question is that, Brown succeeds in appealing to the it-all-makes-sense-now mentality. Brown's ability to weave a coherent "theory" from seemingly disparate artifacts to me is the source of his strength. The art is much like connecting dots. You cannot see what the resulting picture unless the dots are all joined together; however once the dots are all joined the picture emerges almost as if trivial.<br/><br/>The dots are necessarily things laymen possess the capacity to identify. In Angels and Demons the central dots are obelisks and pyramids within or nearby cathedrals in Rome. You might have asked, but immediately assigned to oblivion: "yes, I've seen them in Rome; what are those pagan symbols doing there?" Brown instead works them out: those symbols exist there for good reason (secret masonry). Connecting those dots, he weaves a plausible story, and hearing this, you feel as if encountered a revelation.<br/><br/>Interesting as those symbols may be, they are not the only subjects Brown so successfully utilizes. Take the dialogues in Italian for instance. There is at least one sentence in Italian for every ten pages of the book or so. I for one do not speak Italian, but the words chosen in those sentences resemble words in English enough for the lay reader to make sense of. The effect is a sense of empowerment to the readers.<br/><br/>I very much look forward to reading Brown's next novel. He clearly knows how to make use of his winning formula. The question is whether he'll find enough symbols that do not feel stale.
 Although this novel was good enough to arouse my interest and attention almost throughout, it was an extremely ridiculous and farfetched story. It's hard to believe that, in this day and age, an author would actually use Illuminati substance in a story in this manner, being as old and monotonous as the topic really is. The conspiracy theory involving worldly and national higher-ups throughout history, and the eye and pyramid on the dollar bill, is both aged and clichéd. You'd almost think that the book was written about forty years ago. And the anagrams, described as Illuminati genius for the way in which they were written, but portrayed simply within the pages of the novel, were just another of countless lame items I had to overlook just to finish the book.<br/><br/>Brown's theory of a deep-rooted, inexhaustible battle between science and religion (Catholicism) is, in my opinion, as exaggerated and ridiculous as the story itself. Catholicism is a tad more intellectual in thought than the manner in which it's portrayed in this book. He uses his exaggerated battle of religious silliness as the main plot of the story. It's a good thing many Godly people believe in miracles, too, as the ending is so riddled with nonsensical marvels that one would have to be a devout believer in earth shattering, multiple miracles to make any sense of the story at all. It goes on and on with twists and turns that the author seems to have thrown in to add a little depth to the story, most fairly predictable as well.<br/><br/>Although the first half of the book was a rather quick read, I really had to force myself to get through the last sixty pages or so, as I thought it would never end. The story definitely had potential, though. I think it would have been a great deal better if written with a bit more realism in mind. I like suspense and action just as much as anyone, but I don't like being reminded throughout that what I'm reading is so ridiculous that it has to be `fiction', unless that fact is blatant, as in genres of profound science fiction and fantasy, or paranormal horror.<br/><br/>I did give it three stars, though, for the reason I stated above; it at least had the ability to sustain my interest and attention almost (and I stress `almost') throughout.
 A year before his recent escapade in "The Da Vinci Code", mild-mannered Harvard professor Robert Langdon squared off against the sinister Illuminati cult in "Angels and Demons". In this "prequel", Langdon leaves behind his quiet campus life only to be thrust into a chain of events in which he and an Italian scientist (Vittoria Vetra) try to save the Vatican from destruction by antimatter. In the process, Langdon becomes part-Indiana Jones, part-James Bond. Although some of the narrow scrapes that he, Vetra, and others survive are rather far-fetched, this novel lives up to its reputation as an entertaining page-turner. Brown adds suspense throughout, making it all believable in a fantastic sort of way. Even his surreal messianic character (Carlo Ventresca) engages the reader and delivers a one-two punch at the end.<br/><br/>Infused in the pages of "Angels and Demons" are several fascinating intuitions. Near the end of his tale, Brown envisions a large, mesmerized crowd in St. Peter's Square: "Like synapses of a giant heart all firing in tandem, the people reached for God, in dozens of languages, in hundreds of countries. The words they whispered were newborn and yet as familiar to them as their own voices ... ancient truths ... imprinted on the soul." Although unfocused or morally confused at times, this novel does offer a fair amount of spiritual depth. Brown even guesstimates a few of the details about the recent papal succession: the choice of an older pope and the spirited movement of the crowd waiting in St. Peter's Square.<br/><br/>For me, "Angels and Demons" was a positive experience. I liked Brown's association of the "Big Bang" phenomenon with the creation of the universe by a Supreme Being. He did this through his characters Leonardo and Vittoria Vetra, the latter referring to her father's antimatter research as "uniting science and religion". Science and religion do not have to be at odds and Brown recognized this through his characters. "Angels and Demons" may not rank with the great spiritual classics, but I am surprised that it did not sell very well until after the success of "The Da Vinci Code". For me, "Angels and Demons" is the better of the two and far less controversial. Also, in the Special Illustrated Collector's edition, high quality photographs of Rome, the Vatican, and Bernini's art enhance and enliven the story. Rev. Dennis J. Mercieri, alumnus of Holy Apostles Seminary, Cromwell, CT, USA
 I was excited to read this novel because I really enjoyed the movie, but had yet to actually read anything by Dan Brown. Wow, was I disappointed. I think Dan Brown may be a good storyteller, but he is a terrible writer. I'm only actually giving the book 2 stars because the details of the plot had great potential and would have been made for a great novel in the hands of a more skilled author. Unfortunately for Dan Brown, that's not him.<br/><br/>Brown seems to me like one of these authors that thinks that a complex plot, crammed with lots of information, can be a substitute for actual depth within the novel. I thought the characters totally lacked depth. For example, rather than subtly revealing Langdon's claustrophobia, Brown just takes every opportunity to blatantly notify the reader that Langdon is now uncomfortable because he is walking into a small room. His writing just lacks any kind of subtlety, innuendo, or craft. The dialogue just comes across so stunted and cheesy, not natural at all. Like Langdon sees something exciting to him and he has declare "Gee, that's really exciting" to whoever happens to be standing next to him. The novel just has such potential for depth yet it comes across to me as so shallow and contrived.<br/><br/>The other major problem I have with Brown is his constant snarky comments about Christianity. Like okay Brown, you're anti-religion, that's fine, think whatever you like. But he's just constantly inserting these snarky, derisive comments all the time, often at times when it's not even relevant to the dialogue or what's happening. He just sets up this religion vs. science thing in his book that is so simplistic, another example of his lack of depth. This is such a broad topic that a skilled author could really explore in an insightful way. But Brown just sets up this flat "Christian bad, Scientist good" idea that pervades the entire novel. And I guess he thinks he's being clever by having Leonardo Vetra be, gasp!, a scientist AND a priest. Every novel has a message, but Brown tries to shove his in the reader's face in such an abrupt and simplistic manner that he just comes off looking like a bitter man and a bad author.<br/><br/>I cannot believe how much acclaim Brown has gotten because his complete lack of writing ability and this anti-religion soapbox he's on all the time just ruins the reading. For me, no amount of interesting plot details or twists (most of which are cheesy and implausible in the hands of Brown anyway) can possibly overcome those and I'm surprised that so many people enjoy his novels. I'll just stick with the movies because whoever made those actually knew what they were doing.
 I just recently picked up this book and decided, oh what the heck, lets go for it. Boy am i glad i did, i could hardly put the book down! Most people would read the Da vinci Code first before comming to this book, thinking this is the sequal, but its not, this book came out before Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Either way, i find the book so detailed, so spell binding. I am always one to be curious about the church, always argue in favor of science over the church, but after reading this book, i find myself though its fiction, I love the religion. Without it, It could not even make us challenge ourselves, proving, exploring, examining. This book made me think of possibilities.<br/><br/>Robert Langton a Hardvard professor who is facinated with artifacts as well as in history, He was awaken abruptly in the early hours of morning by a phone call that would change his life forever, open windows for him and take his breath away, taking his mind to a new level of twist and turns. His knowledge of the disbanded dead cult Illuminati's made up of "men of science" was needed in order to figure out why a man was murdered and why his greatest work with his daughter victtoria was stolen.<br/><br/>Thinking it was an act of terroism, Langdon didn't want to admit that the illuminati has resurfaced after centries of being deceased, but then as more and more bodies and clues shows up, langdon can not deny it anymore but to accept that the long dead cult has come back for revenge upon the panel of people who deemed them the devil.<br/><br/>This book, has opened me up to both accepting science as well as god created this world for a reason. really touching and very adventurous book!!! the way he put this book togeteher! there are no words to really discribe how happy i am to have read it.<br/><br/>the only regret i do have is that i didn't buy the illistrated version, that is probably going to be on my to do list :D<br/><br/>i can't wait to read more of his works!!! the man is simply amazing!
 I picked up this book after reading "The Da Vinci Code," my first experience with Dan Brown, and I have to say, this book is *much better* than "The Da Vinci Code."<br/>Both books are painstakingly researched and you learn a lot as you are entertained, but while Da Vinci Code only had one twist/reveal in its plot, "Angels and Demons" has several, making it a much more satisfying read.<br/>Langdon is again the star of the novel, an academic specializing in religious symbology. He is hustled out of bed early one morning to fly in a special jet to CERN in Switzerland, the R&amp;D group responsible for the Internet and now, Anti-matter.<br/>Langdon is brought in as an expert consultant due to a bizarre brand sported by a murdered scientist. Just like in the Code, soon the murdered man's daughter and Langdon are unraveling clues and seeking justice, lives constantly in peril.<br/>Apparently, a long-dead conspiracy/cult known as The Illuminati has risen again in order to use anti-matter (the most powerful bomb ever created) to destroy the Catholic Church by blowing up the vatican. The vatican is at its most vulnerable as all the Cardinals have arrived to elect a new Pope. The entire vatican is held hostage as 4 kidnapped Cardinals are killed by the Illuminati in order to publicise their terrorism. Langdon tries to figure out ancient clues as to where the murders will take place to save the Cardinals, aided by the Pope's elite police force, while the rest of the police force search for the bomb.<br/>It's another fast read - can't put it down! The action takes place over a single day but you feel like you've lived an entire lifetime by the time you're done reading! The characters are all well done, action, art and the city of Rome described in wonderful sensory detail, the historical details, clues and ambigrams are fascinating.<br/>Underlying all of the marvelous entertainment are important questions about the morality of science (just because we can clone sheep, should we?), the varying paths to God, the unifying force uniting us all. Whether you're a skeptic, atheist, or true believer, you will appreciate the fine line Brown walks in his attempt to portray all arguments and find the common ground between the varying and diametrically opposed points of view. He succeeds in giving a very balanced argument overall without ever getting preachy or dogmatic or heretical.<br/>I especially like it when a highly-entertaining read is also a thoughtful one. It's tough to find a book that combines action, adventure, history and philosophy, and this one does it very well. The ending of the book completely satisfies - so much so that I felt emotionally exhausted by the denoument!<br/>Be sure to begin this book when you have a lot of time to devote to reading or you'll be going to work red-eyed from staying up all night long! :)
 Dan Brown manages to make the esoteric approachable in "Angels and Demons." This novel (which I blew through in about two days) covers Robert Langden's first "adventure": His attempt to thwart the Illuminati's killing of the Vatican's Cardinals during the choosing of the new Pope. Needless to say, this book essentially devoured my soul.<br/>While I was immersed in this novel, I was absolutely intrigued: Granted, it plays quite heavily off of the paranoic ramblings of many other books (notably, The Illuminatus! Trilogy), it still manages to keep the topics of the Illuminati and the Catholic Church approachable and interesting. Brown weaves together a convincing (albeit far-fetched) plot line. The ending, for me, had something to be desired -- but, c'est la vie. Brown's character devlopment is excellent, Langden is captivating and human (although occasionally a bit pithy for me).<br/>Looking back, however, I find this book horrifically formulaic. Nothing seems to fit together as well as it did while I was reading it, though this is probably a mark of a convincing author. It was an easy book to be consumed by, and for a few days I couldn't stop flipping pages. Of course, the entire plot centers around what seem to be an innumerable number of circumstances (that is, Why would CERN call Langden? Why would Langden give in? ...etc)<br/>The mysticism in this book is absolutely fascinating. However true - or untrue - Brown's discussion of the Illuminati may be, it was interesting to read about the path of enlightenment through Rome. Additionally, I found it extra-neat for Brown to include a map of the Vatican and of the surrounding area, thus making the locations in this book non-fiction, while fictionalizing events.<br/>Really neat.<br/>For it's purpose (that is, a cheap/easy weekend read), Angels and Demons did very well. It held my attention and brought together suspense and religious conspiracy, some twinges of romance (perhaps for the female crowd?) and general flamboyance that often makes books best sellers. Is this the next American classic? No. But it certainly was entertaining, and an excellent break for something easy to read.
 This book got a second life with the success of Dan Brown's The DaVinci Code.  After reading that book and enjoying it, I had to come back and read this novel, the first to feature Harvard symbologist extraordinaire Robert Langdon.  I enjoyed it but I can see why this novel was initially less successful than its follow-up.<br/>Certainly many of the same qualities are there: an excellently drawn cast of characters and a mystery shrouded in the mists of religion.  If nothing else, this book is worthwhile for its excursions through Rome and the Vatican, touching on many of the biggest legends of the home of Roman Catholicism.  And Brown does have a very readable prose style, ratcheting up the mystery and tension.<br/>The problems I have with this novel are two.  The first is a simple one: though I can suspend my disbelief as well as the next guy, the helicopter scene near the end of the novel crossed the line for me.  So much about it was impossible that it ruined what I think is so important to the type of story Brown writes--a basic believability that allows you to accept so many of Brown's revelations.<br/>The second problem is deeper.  Whereas The DaVinci Code dealt with religion &amp; art, this novel deals with religion &amp; science.  As a Roman Catholic physics teacher myself, these are both subjects very near and dear to me.  And, in fact, I usually enjoy this type of book that encourages me to think more deeply about these two loves of mine; however, my problem here is that both science and religion come off as so extraordinarily bad.  If we look at what Brown is saying, we would be led to believe that the highest levels of leadership and achievement in both fields are deeply, if not fatally, corrupted.  This steady undertone of negativism cast a pall over the book for me.  It seems such a pessimistic view of our world and I tend to be more of an optimist, I guess.<br/>Still, there's a lot of interest and fun here.  Certainly anyone who enjoyed The DaVinci Code is bound to enjoy this.  And it does make me wonder where Brown is going to take Mr. Langdon next.
 This is ingenious marketing by the publisher of the phenomenally successful THE DAVINCI CODE.  Simon and Schuster decided to re-release all of Dan Brown's previous novels in both paperback and hardcover. ANGEL AND DEMONS, the book that introduced Robert Langdon, Harvard symbologist and hero of DAVINCI, has hit the upper reaches of the New York Times Bestseller List in both hardback and paperback at the same time. The public obviously hungers for more of this character and the intricate religion based thrillers.<br/>  At CERN, a Swiss research lab, a scientist is found dead with the word 'illuminati' branded on his chest. This refers to an ancient and secret scientific organization banned by the Catholic Church. Missing from the lab is a small amount of newly discovered antimatter. Enough, however, to destroy a small city. Robert Langdon is brought in to help investigate because he is a world expert on the Illuminati. With the help of Vittoria Vetra, daughter of the deceased scientist, Langdon investigates the murder. Their paths take them directly to Vatican City where the Illuminati threaten to kill five cardinals just as a pope is being elected. After killing the cardinals, The Illuminati will unleash the antimatter inside the Vatican thereby destroying the center of the Catholic faith. Can they be stopped?<br/>  ANGELS AND DEMONS is a fun and furiously fast read. The elements that proved so successful in THE DAVINCI CODE are all present in this earlier work. THE DAVINCI CODE's success is probably rooted in the hidden aspects of the life of Jesus. After all, the recent movie, THE PASSION, proves unequivocally that Jesus sells.  ANGELS AND DEMONS does not have quite the same powerful premise. In this book we deal with the dichotomy of science vs. Religion in explaining the origins of the universe. A character in this book sets out a logical and provocative argument that both science and religion can exist side by side.  As in DAVINCI, the pacing is relentless almost from page one. Villains are larger than life as are the heroes that must save mankind reminiscent of any good thriller. However, the action and the logic that propel the action are so farfetched that the book is downright silly but also highly entertaining.
 ....critique "Angels &amp; Demons" too much and you will not enjoy it. I think it would be real easy to get bogged down in the simple implausability and coincedental solutions to the mysteries. Of course, it just seems to easy to "invent" a Mach 15 jet that gets the characters where they need to go in the short amount of time that is alloted to them. But then again, the plane is property of the most advanced scientific research facility on the planet. It's possible, just not plausible.<br/>I thought that "Angels &amp; Demons" was a fantastic book. It has a really interesting premise (ancient brotherhood destorying religion - and lots of interesting background on the Illuminati deeps the level of interest in the story while strengthening the credibility of the author) and a scavenger hunt like chase through a city filled with more history than any other place on earth. The sheer magnitude of the path that Robert Langdon (the main character) is following is so interesting and well put together that it just blows the mind. Rome is so interesting and filled with so much information and Dan Brown does an incredible job of incorporating these facets of the city into the scavenger hunt. Of course, again, if you take the book too seriously then you might get discouraged by all the random encounters that just happen to figure the clues for the next location that Langdon is seeking.<br/>The ambigrams (words and symbols that can be read upside down as well as rightside up) add a different element to the book. I think they strengthen the story just because of curiousity and marvel at the beauty of the symbols. I was about halfway through the book before I realized that the page inside the book that said "Angels &amp; Demons" was also an ambigram.<br/>This book is an incredible find. It is very fast paced, very interesting, and extremely entertaining, however improbable the procedings and events unfold. If you start to dig too deep into the odds and the probabilities of the books events then you will not enjoy it as much - but I think this is the case with many books these days, but maybe just a little bit more-so with "Angels &amp; Demons."
 I get jealous of a main character who is both an academic expert on religious symbology at Harvard, and a perfect physical specimen who plays water polo for light exercise.  I get even more jealous when this superman (AKA Robert Langdon)  gets whisked to CERN headquarters in Europe to investigate a peculiar murder that seems to involve the Illuminati.  And you can imagine my further feelings when Langdon teams up with the beautiful and brilliant daughter of the victim (Vittoria Vetra) in a last ditch attempt to save the Vatican from annihilation by a titantic anti-matter explosion.<br/>What Langdon discovers at CERN is that the Illuminati appear to have stolen a new technology, with which they intend to attack the Catholic Church, bringing an abrupt finish to a struggle that started hundreds of years earlier with Galileo.  With all of the cardinals lock in enclave to elect a new pope an anti-matter bomb has been hidden in the vast Vatican city and a madman busies himself leaving grisly trophies on the path to Illuminati headquarters.<br/>Dan Brown does more than write a pure action novel.  With a deft combination of fact and imagination, he recreates CERN headquarters, Illuminati history, and the mysteries of the Vatican, telling the story within the space of one short day in the history of the world.  Admittedly, the story bogs down in places, character development is a trifle minimalistic, and the ending is over-baked.  But the resulting effect is fine entertainment.  Suspense buffs will get a kick out of all the machinations and plot twists.<br/>I've never read The Da Vinci Code, Brown's previous Robert Langdon novel, but I'm tempted to now.  Even though I feel there were some plot inconsistencies and a couple of occasions where Brown stretched the underlying facts a bit too far, the fact remains that this was an interesting book.  The ideas he plays with, such as a possible spiritual implications of subatomic particles and anti-matter are ingeniously blended with what is primarily a paranoid plot story, resulting in some incidental food for thought.  Spice for what is otherwise an entertaining story of detection, deduction and intrigue.  I also appreciated the visits to some of the more obscure parts and rituals of the Vatican.  So if you need your weekly dose of paranoia - this is a good place to start.
 I got 50 pages into this book and had to stop. This is hack writing at its most tedious. Perhaps Brown can put together a plot, but his writing is pathetic. His characters are not believable. In the first few pages his Harvard professor protagonist receives a phone call and gets on a private plane at the request of someone he doesn't know and doesn't even bother to ask where he's going. The dialog of characters supposed to be world class physicists reads like high school students. Brown laboriously explains references that require none.<br/>Nothing here is remotely believable. Mach 15 civilian aircraft? Free-fall chambers? Living quarters that can be turned into freezers at the turn of a dial? Oh, but wait, here comes the world class physicist who happens to also be a world class babe, daughter of a priest (???) who's also a yoga master. 50 pages in we've got nameless assassins visiting brothels, ancient secret societies and super underground scientific research centers. Sounds like James Bond, or perhaps more accurately, Austin Powers. Check out this passage from page 23:<br/>--&gt;<br/>"Friction," Kohler said. "Decreases her aerodynamics so the fan can lif her." He started down the the (sic) corridor again. "One square yard of drag will slow a falling body almost twenty percent."<br/>Langdon nodded blankly.<br/>He never suspected that later that night, in a country hundreds of miles away, the information would save his life.<br/>&lt;---<br/>Oh, well there's a cliff hanger!<br/>Please. Maybe this kind of writing would be suitable for a video game, but it just doesn't hold my interest. Perhaps it was a mistake to pick this up after reading several Dennis Lehane novels (someone who can actually write), but I find this drivel impossible to read.<br/>I like a good adventure yarn, but the writer has to have some skill. If you can ignore poor writing mechanics and let the plot carry you, perhaps you'll enjoy this book. If you expect authors to have any degree of writing skill or respect for their reader's intelligence, look elsewhere.
 This is how a thriller is done.  Author Dan Brown has become one of the most infamous scribes today with his stratosphere selling "Da Vinci Code," but Brown's earlier work deserves and demand just as much attention.  Detailing Robert Langdon's first adventure saving the world from nefarious brotherhoods and shady religious types, "Demons" starts off much as "Da Vinci" did, with a bloody muder.  A brilliat physicist is killed for his ultimate scientific breakthrough, the discovery and containment of anti-matter, the most explosive and energetic substance in the universe.  The one sample the scientist has cultivated is stolen, appprently by a shadowy society called the Illuminati, who is sworn to the destrcution of the Catholic Church, so naturally they bury the weapon deep the Vaticans' bowells, complete with a timer meant to go off in 24 hours.  Langdon, and the scientists' daughter, run frantically off to Rome in an attempt to break an ancient puzzle left by Galileo that shows the secret lair of the Illuminati, a hopefully find clues that will lead to the location of the anti-matter, while at the same time fighting off sadistic hitmen, stonewalling Cardinals who hate science and aloof scientists who hate religion.<br/><br/>Brown may not be the first author to combine ancient intrigue with modern techno thrust, but he does it with consummate skill.  Chapters are short, to the point and always leave a cliffhanger.  The plot absolutely flies through 500-plus pages, with barely a wasted breath or a lag in the action, and characters are sketched out enough to keep interest for the reader until the action gallops across the pages in a parade of chases, fights and grisly murder.  Twists and turns abound until the very end, with the most unpredictable saved for the end, with major revelations and long-kept personal secrets coming to the surface.  "Da Vinci" may have conquered the world, but "Angels and Demons" is easily its equal.  We all know it already, but Brown is one of the best writers out there today.
 If you enjoyed The Da Vinci Code, you will almost certainly enjoy Angels &amp; Demons. The two novels share a remarkably similar storyline and Angels &amp; Demons, like The Da Vinci Code, features Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon as its protagonist. Once again Langdon finds himself in a foreign country where he is thrust into the investigation of a murder that appears to have been carried out by a mysterious cult-like organization determined to bring the Catholic Church to its knees. In his quest to follow a serious of ancient clues and thwart a fanatical assassin, Langdon is again aided by a femme fatale with a close personal connection to the murder victim, as well as by several individuals with decidedly murky motives.<br/><br/>I point out the similarities not to criticize Angels &amp; Demons (in fact Angels &amp; Demons was written first), but because it is probably the most important factor for someone considering reading this book. While I read Angels &amp; Demons I was repeatedly struck by how similar the two novels are and I think it is entirely reasonable to assume that your reaction to Angels &amp; Demons will very closely match your reaction to The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Like The Da Vinci Code, Angels &amp; Demons proves to be a fast and enjoyable read. The plot of Angels &amp; Demons is more action-packed, but it involves physicists instead of artists and some of Dan Brown's science dialogue is slightly below Star Trek quality. However, the book does contain many interesting items regarding the history of the Catholic Church and its purported stockpile of scientific and artistic treasures, as well as fascinating descriptions of religious sites throughout Rome. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoyed The Da Vinci Code.
 Angels and Demons is Dan Brown's prequel to The DaVinci Code, taking place approximately one year before the events in his best selling novel. The incidents in this book are hinted at in The DaVinci Code and only help to whet the appetite, and this book does not disappoint.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, a Harvard Symbologist, receives a mysterious phone call by the director of Switzerland's CERN, home of the Large Hadron Collider used to study antimatter. Langdon is flown to Geneva to meet with the director and is shown the horrific crime scene of a physicist murdered in his own room and a symbol burned into his chest. The symbol belongs to a lost brotherhood of scientists called the Illuminati who, several hundred years ago, swore vengeance against the Catholic church for stifling of scientific progress with religious doctrine.<br/><br/>The dead scientist was also a devout Catholic priest working on antimatter as a future energy source. Away on research during the murder, Vittoria Vetra, the priest's adopted daughter, returns home and enlightens the director and Langdon on her father's work, discovering a dangerously large sample of antimatter is missing from the lab. A phone call from Rome adds to the mystery when the missing container of antimatter is seen in a security camera of the Vatican with no clue to its location. Langdon and Vetra are sent to the Vatican to assist in locating the canister but are suddenly caught up in a bomb threat made by the Illuminati.<br/><br/>Langdon's expertise is put to the test as him and Vetra race through Rome trying to solve hidden clues leading to the secret Illuminati lair to find the murderer and hopefully the bomb.<br/><br/>From the first page this book just does not let up. I finished this hefty tome in one weekend because I couldn't put it down, staying up all night until I could read by the light of the sun. This is an action novel, purely plot driven and fluid in its telling. As with The DaVinci Code, this book is not big on characterization. There is characterization but it isn't the focus of the book. As an action novel its main point is telling a fantastic story that drives the reader to the end without pause.<br/><br/>Again, I could not put this book down and the story is well conceived. The ending is just amazing and doesn't come off as contrived or artificial, everything makes sense and flows logically from one part of the story to the next. Dan Brown's storytelling is spot on and this book is definitely worth picking up.
 Having read "The Da Vinci Code" I wondered if Dan Brown would measure up for me in his other works. I bought a copy of Angels and Demons and I was not disappointed.  Robert Langdon, professor and symbologist is introduced to us in this novel. Robert is awakened in the middle of the night, and practically ordered to come to Europe, lured by the a grisly fax which reels him with one word "Illuminati".  The Illuminati were a group of scientists vilifed by the Catholic Church hundreds of years ago, and believed to be an extinct group.  Robert is mesmerized and boards a super-sonic plane to  a high-tech scientific research corporation.  From this point forward, the novel progresses at breakneck speed as Robert, along with the help of an interesting female character named Vittoria,  who has a huge stake in the outcome of the novel] literally race against time to save Vatican City. Together they must travel to Vatican City and attempt to follow an ancient "map" to the person responsible for a threat to destroy Vatican City with a weapon of science - anti-matter.  Although there is plenty of suspense, treachery, and violence in this novel, I felt strong undercurrent of faith, not in any specific religious dogma, but just simple, human faith.  This is a very well written novel with so many twists and turns, the reader has to turn really immerse him or herself into the book. The character, Robert Langdon has such terrific appeal in this novel as well as "The DaVinci Code" because he is written to be so very human. He makes mistakes, he doubts himself, he continues forward when there seems to be no hope. He make us WANT him to succeed! The surprise ending is a good one, that I did not guess.  Bear with the background information at the beginning. It does read a bit slow, but once events begin to unfold, this novel is unstoppable! I look forward to more Dan Brown novels with Robert Langdon as the central character. This is the kind of character you will fall in love with and want to read about more and more.
 Like zillions of readers, our introduction to Dan Brown was his "Da Vinci Code", one of the most fabulously controversial and entertaining books we've read in recent years.  If "Code" had a flaw, it was that the plot ran out of sizzle like maybe 50 pages before the book ended, as the quest for the Holy Grail began to tire.  "Angels" if anything roars so hard to the finish line it nearly takes your breath away.  Other than the hero surviving a fall from the sky sans parachute, the ending has such a twist that few will fail to be thrilled and chilled!  Meanwhile, a fast-paced story line builds incredible suspense from beginning to end, with a heavy dose of anti-Catholic controversy thrown in for good measure.<br/><br/>Just a quick plot synopsis:  a scientist working on anti-matter has been murdered and an ancient secret society, the Illuminati, arch-enemies of the Catholic Church, is suspected.  Harvard historian Robert Langford is brought in to help and soon the setting switches to the Vatican where a new Pope is being elected.  When the four most likely Cardinals in the running are being systematically and diabolically murdered, Langford's hunt throughout Rome, following symbology from the artworks of Bernini, supposedly an early Illuminati member, turns into a race against time and fate, blazing to a spectacular climax.<br/><br/>Brown has again cleverly mixed fact (the society, and sculptures/artwork and geography of Rome) with fantastic fiction to create a powerful story that is tough to put down.  Toward the end, the character's race to a conclusion is only outdone by our own race to reach the book's brilliant outcome!  Indeed, the ending per se has to be one of the great literary twists of all times.  While we rarely read an author's booklist in reverse order, "Angels" only provides more motivation to try Brown's previous novels.  It's no wonder to us his efforts remain high up the best seller lists.
 No, not the rock 'n roll group, but three of the four elementals of science - earth, wind (air), fire, and water.  These play a major role in Dan Brown's novel of an ancient secret brotherhood, the Illuminati, and their quest to condemn and destroy Cathoicism as an organizational entity.  Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbiologist who also appears in "The Da Vinci Code", finds proof that the Illuminati still exist, and have hijacked a cannister of anti-matter from the Conseil Europeen le Recherche Nucleaire (CERN) and hidden it somewhere beneath the Vatican on the eve of the election of a new pope. A physicist has been murdered and Langdon and the physicist's daughter, also a scientist at CERN, follow a 400 year old trail through Rome to prevent the incineration of the Catholic Church as we know it today.<br/>"Angels &amp; Demons" pulls no punches and provides cover to cover action.  Sure there are assassins, 15,000 mph jets, anti-matter, mad scientists, murdered cardinals, sealed crypts, abandoned cathedrals, and ambigram branding irons, but Brown has it all hang together.  The ambigrams are of special note because they read the same, right side up or upside down, and this figures prominently in the story. And the entire story, all 600 pages or so, takes place in one day! Still, Brown hurls the reader along from one elemental to the next with breakneck speed and hardly a chance to catch one's breath.<br/>CERN really does exist, as does anti-matter, and Brown points out that CERN has recently succeeded in producing the first particles of anti-matter and it is now the most powerful energy source known to man.  So, there is a lot of cerebral exercising in the book, be it physics, biology, church history, or papal conclaves.  While I, personally, found the ending somewhat predictable, Brown poses a larger question.  Will this substance, like atomic energy, be used to save the world or condemn it?  And this little piece of brain candy, as someone called it, gives us a glimpse of What if.  Good job Mr. Brown.
 A couple months back, I read The DaVinci Code, and mostly enjoyed it.  It got a little slow at the end, but still, not bad.  So I read Deception Point, and discovered that the two books were basically the same plot idea.  There's a murder, conspiracy, controlled by some mystery person (and you're surprised when you figure out who this is), there's a couple trying to solve the mystery and save their own lives, falling in love as they work their way through the mystery, and a killer or killers chasing them at the direction of the mystery person.<br/>I wasn't particularly surprised when I picked up this one in an airport (I needed something lightweight for an international flight), and lo, this is basically the same plot.  Robert Langdon gets sucked into a mystery, this time at the Vatican (this actually takes place before The DaVinci Code), meets the beatiful daughter of a murder victim, and chases the Illumanti through Rome to solve a mystery, all the while falling for the daughter (who seems to have an incredibly short grieving period for someone who's dad was just murdered).<br/>Dan Brown also loves coming up with new technologies, the "slush-hydrogen" rocket from Deception Point reappears here, but his love of technology and the invention of devices that are still "real soon now" is a bit distracting.  He also seems to completely forget that passports are really useful things when trying to cross the borders of countries.<br/>To his credit, Dan Brown does a great job of digging up interesting coincidences, or at least semi-conspricitoral links in the art world.  I'm not sure where the stories behind Bernini's masterpieces in Rome come about, but it's very interesting.  I just wish Dan Brown would come up with another framework on which to hang his mysteries.<br/>All in all, I think I'm probably done with Dan Brown's work.  I think I've read his story.
 This is the first Dan Brown book I have read (been wanting to read Da Vinci Code for some time to see what all the hype is about).  To be honest, ordinarily, I wouldn't pick up a book like this, as I prefer books with settings in the United States, and am not much of a sci-fi fan (of which, this loosely fits the genre, I think).  I am also not a big fan of books about religion (this book isn't preachy at all, though).<br/><br/>That said, this book was terrific!  The mixture of science and religion is perfect, the plot terribly reasonable and well-researched, and the best part, for me, was the ambigrams.<br/><br/>The illustrated ambigrams in Angels &amp; Demons were created by an artist that shares his name with the story's main character.  It is incredible to look at them, then turn them over to read the same word upside down.  They were key to the plot.<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons is a "smart" book.  You will become smarter while reading it (but...it is written at a level that did not go over my head.  Little things, like how our currency came to be, are fact-based and intriguing.  The plot is based on the possibility of an antimatter explosion that will be like a bomb.  This, too, and the research facility mentioned in the book (CERN) are real.  So is all of the artwork and clues to the mystery described in the novel.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book.  Once you begin, you will be immersed in Brown's world of What If.  A true page-turner.<br/><br/>After you read this book, check out Dan Brown's website.  As of the date of this review, the website includes photographs of the artwork used in the book, more ambigrams, and more information on CERN, antimatter, Illuminati, and other fun and interesting things from the book.<br/><br/>If I had two more hands, I'd give Angels &amp; Demons four thumbs up.  I'll definitely be reading another Brown novel.
 This review is for the first Pocket Books Paperback edition published in July 2001, 569 pages of story.  ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is Dan Brown's second novel, wherein Brown introduces his protagonist Robert Langdon, the famous symbology expert.  It is the so-called prequel to THE DAVINCI CODE.  Although originally published in 2000, ANGELS &amp; DEMONS did not enter the USA Today bestseller list until March 27, 2003, the same date that THE DAVINCI CODE entered the list.  As of December 16, 2004, both have been on the list for 91 weeks, peaking at number 2 and number 1, respectively.  Brown's other two novels, DIGITAL FORTRESS (1998) and DECEPTION POINT (2001), piggybacking on the ubiquitous THE DAVINCI CODE, became USA Today bestsellers in September 2003 and May 2003, respectively.<br/><br/>ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is a fast-paced, hard-to-put-down thriller.  I forsook my wife, chores, food and personal hygiene until the last fifty pages where the plot becomes terminally ridiculous.  Brown uses every trick to keep you reading.  He even splits a suspenseful scene to introduce another suspenseful scene, which he suspends at the suspension point.  If you like thrillers, you'll love this story.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's trademark is research.  ANGELS &amp; DEMONS begins with an Author's Note telling the reader that the art works and architectural details described in Rome are precise.  This is amazing because the story involves four locations linked in a symbolic pattern, and each location has the common and unique architectural features to support an intricate plot.<br/><br/>Like most novels in the thriller genre, ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is heavy on the incredible.  And like many, this story overruns into an excess of tiresome plot twists.  Nevertheless, even if you like your fiction a bit more credible, you ought to read this book for its incredible research.
 Angels and Demons is the predecessor to the ultra-successful Da Vinci Code.  Symboligist Robert Langdon is introduced in this book and author Dan Brown takes the reader on a crazy journey through Rome as the Catholic Church struggles to survive.<br/>I read the Da Vinci Code first and hated it, but after reading both Deception Point and Angels and Demons, I believe Dan Brown is a good author who just failed miserably with the Da Vinci Code.<br/>In Angels and Demons, Langdon must search through all of Rome for clues to help him find a hidden bomb that will destroy the Vatican.  A lot of this book seems like a history lesson as Langdon, the Swiss Guard of the Vatican and Victoria Vettra rush to find the bomb.  The main difference in Angels and Demons is that while Langdon deciphers many clues, he is ultimately trying to stop a terrorist organization from destroying the Vatican.  In the Da Vinci Code, Langdon solves riddles and clues just to finally solve the ultimate riddle.  The purpose of the novel is the final riddle, which really leaves no bad guys and causes the Da Vinci Code to read like an encyclopedia of art history.<br/>Angels and Demons is a long book (perhaps 100 pages too long, as Brown throws in another twist when the book could be over).  The book is respectful of the church and Christians unlike the Da Vinci Code, which bashed the church.  Brown does however let his disdain for all organized religions show when a character says that religion must evolve like science and move past churches and that each person can find God inside themselves.<br/>Readers should overlook Brown's personal dislike of the Church and realize this is a good, exciting over-the-top novel that is fun to read.  I recommend you read this book, then stop, because the Da Vinci Code is much worse.
 Like many readers, I was only interested in reading A&amp;D after I had read The Da Vinci Code.  This was a similar story, with many of the same conventions, but was ultimately weaker than the DVC.<br/><br/>It took me about 75 pages to get hooked on A&amp;D, as opposed to the DVC, where I was hooked instantly.  It starts out in a similar fashion.  Robert Langdon is called to CERN to analyze a symbol of the Illuminati which has been branded into the chest of a murdered physicist.  The story leads to the Vatican, where an antimatter time bomb is set to destroy the city in 24 hours during the Conclave.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong--it's an exciting story, but has more problems than The DVC.  A&amp;D features a crescendo of twists and turns-while all are exciting, many of the developments at the end are downright unbelievable.<br/><br/>Part of the magic of THE DVC was that it was a secret story--it could have actually taken place while you were reading it.  A&amp;D's happenings are so public and grandiose that the reader realizes they are in the middle of a fiction.<br/><br/>Those who thought THE DVC was objectionable to Catholicism will find that A&amp;D takes a more favorable approach to the Church.  One ponderous aspect of A&amp;D was its perpetual debate of religion vs. science--too much.<br/><br/>Another element to be aware of is its similarity to THE DVC in form.  Brown has clearly followed a formula here (love interest, clues from symbols in art, chases from one famous landmark to another, good guys becoming bad guys and vice versa, etc.), and some readers may not like that.<br/><br/>Nonetheless, if you liked The Da Vinci Code, you will still probably like Angles and Demons.  Better yet, if you haven't yet read THE DVC, read this book first.
 Well, there are a million reviews and opinions on this book, and I guess I'll write mine.  I'm told this is supposed to be an intellectual-thriller. I'm told "Angels &amp; Demons" is supposed to be the next Eco or Neville. I'm told this book is somewhat controversial and speculative. Actually, I disagree entirely.<br/>I gave this novel 4 stars because it is very readable, extremely fast-paced and fluid in style. There aren't cumbersome descriptions and long-winded meanderings.  The plot is interesting and the characters are intriguing.  Compared to a lot of books out there these days, this one is quite good.<br/>But the ending is bad. Without spoiling the book, I just want to say that the bizarre ending really let me down. There's a fine line between suspenseful and sinister and then out and out weird and bizarre. Dan had it good until the last several chapters. By the way, this is one of Dan's trademarks; all his books have over 50 chapters, but a "chapter" is really only two to three pages (sometimes less).  Some may find that this speeds the storyline along, in my case, I find it a bit disconcerting.<br/>Of the three people in my household that have read all of Dan Brown, all of them selected this one over his other books. Nevertheless, the media frezy seemed to be over his latest "The DaVinci Code."  The reasons why we all selected "Angels &amp; Demons" probably lies in the formulaic way Brown writes. After you read two of his books, he becomes entirely predictable where the storyline is going to go next.  Not that this is bad, really, it just takes some of the surprise out of his novels. This book, while dealing peripherally with an 'intellectual' topic, is not an intellectual thriller. Its a good read, but its no classic. I imagine this story will be in movies sooner than later.
 First of all, let me start by saying that I goofed and read this one AFTER Davinci Code. Not that it was that big of a deal in the grand scheme of things, but I already had some preconceived notions coming in to this one.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the book. Dan Brown's writing style is fast paced and enjoyable. He builds some nice twists into his story that keep you guessing as to what's going to happen next. In the two that I've read, I've managed to figure out some of the surprises before they are revealed, but he's always managed to surprise me with something at the end.<br/><br/>The main issue that I have with this book is one of the issues that I also had with the Davinci Code. Timeline. I think that Brown tries to squeeze WAY too much into such a short period of time that things get to be a bit unbelievable. The fact that the entire book takes place ovet the space of one day (Give or take some hours due to time zones) is a bit unrealistic to me. With an hour in between major events, Robert manages to be knocked unconscious, regain consciousness, travel to his next destination, research his problem and discover the solution, travel from there to the next place and do a multitude of other things before the next event takes place. And this happens again and again. Even if it logistically could be done, I don't know that it could physically be done.<br/><br/>Anyway, I did enjoy the book. I thought that it was well written and I would recommend it to others.
 With almost five hundred reviews written for this book, I doubt I have anything new to proffer, but repetition may serve well for here.<br/>Angels &amp; Demons is firstly a very quick read.  At 570+ pages in paperback, I read it in two days.  It was mostly for this reason that I started reading it in the first place.  I did not intend to read it, but before I could register to stop reading, I was on page 50.  What sucked me in were the facts; the trivia and the fiction based on reality.  CERN, the Vatican, Rome, its history and art and architecture.  All the facts of location and art and history are reported to be non-fiction.  This was by far the most worthwhile part of the read.  Learning the history of the Illuminati and the major disputes between renaissance science and the Catholic Church made slogging through the story worthwhile.<br/>But it is the story that is the weakest part of Angels &amp; Demons.  Standard thriller stuff that is plot driven to the extreme and features next to no character development.  The main character, Robert Langdon, has neither outstanding characteristics of behavior or charm with the exception of his skills in an archive room using a spatula.  He's a walking, talking plot facilitator.  Getting trapped, getting untrapped, and for being such a smart guy, he seems to know little about anything that is not art history.  (I am neither scientist nor art historian yet I had heard of CERN and its particle accelerator.)  The director of CERN is a mish-mash of generic creepy old-but-genius characteristics, who knows more about particle physics than nearly anybody else alive, but knows next to nothing about art or religious history.  The female companion of Langdon is eye candy, which is disconcerting for a text-driven adventure.  But how can a character be that engaging when she is genius as all the others, yet as an orphan at age nine did not know the meaning of "adoption", and whose most memorable description is that she is, "Lithe"?<br/>The rest of the characters follow the same pattern of connect-the-dots plot fulfillers, with the exception of one: the Pope's Chamberlain.  He was actually interesting and the novel actually attempts to make him multi-dimensional.  Unfortunately the last fifty pages of the novel become an exercise in destroying the nifty web of history, conspiracy, and some character development that was built up in the first 500.  (It did not help that I figured out a key plot revalation about 300 pages before it happened thanks to the author's way too obvious attempt to be clever.)  If the story had ended fifty pages sooner, this review would have been four stars.  Unfortunately it becomes too much.  But I did get a nice tour of Rome and a punch-drunk history lesson to boot, so it's not all bad.
 I, like most people I've talked to, began with "The Da Vinci Code" before reading "Angels and Demons."  Both are beyond much of what I've read before, however, "Da Vinci" is the better of the two.  "Da Vinci" just felt much more polished.  You could feel the convidence of mr. brown as he drove you through the Louve, the swiss bank, and the opus dei building.  The plot was much more intriguing and I felt I learned more from the effort than from "Angels."<br/>...But I must stop, because "Angels" is a heck of a good book as well.  The book reads like a dream, you seriously cannot put it down as you follow the characters through the catacombs, the partheon, the sistine chapel, and the illuminati headquarters, among others.  You learn of the secrets of the ancient Illuminati and what they could possibly have against the Catholic Church.  Why they feel it is time to reveal a secret that could ruin its rich history forever, which, brings me to my next point.  Why am I such a follower of these books?  I am a Christian and disagreed with mr. brown's viewpoints in "Angels" and especially in "da vinci code," and yet I found myself awake at 2 or 3 in the morning, scurrying to find out what happens next.  I think it must be the capturing quality that mr. brown imposes on the reader, where he traps you with an intriguing plot and just slowly, but surely, reels you in.  His stories are unlike any other because they are about real societies, real brotherhoods, and their real problems with other people of common belief.  It is these hatreds he builds on, and researches on, until finally he scribes a marvelous read for the curious to encounter.  So join the party, I have a feeling America will want him to stick around for quite some time.
 For those who read the Da Vinci Code (also see my review on that) and felt like more-of-the-same (who wouldn't? It was the first book in ages that managed to keep me mesmerised right until the end), Angels and Demons is a nice follow-up, even though it's actually a prequel.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, expert on ancient symbols, is woken by a weird call. Someone has been murdered, and a strange brand on the man's chest made the caller locate Langdon. Langdon is flown to Switzerland by means of a supersonic jet and is updated there on the situation. The brand on the victim's chest is the mark of an ancient sect, thought to have died down. Or has it...<br/><br/>Brown thrusts his reader into a thrilling story reaching all the way down into the vaults of the Vatican, with lots of information on the sect and it's history, a very acurate description of Bernini's creations in Rome, and the eternal struggle between science and religion.<br/><br/>The plot at times is a little shaky, but if the reader is willing to forgive Brown some linguistical errors, and some at times far-fetched ways to keep the story going, he or she will find himself glued to every page. Cliffhangers will ensure the next chapter will be read, with the reader asking questions like "who cares if I show up late for work tomorrow anyway?"<br/><br/>Part of the joy of this book (in my opinion at least) is the way Brown describes Bernini's creations, which for me were reason to look them up online, and marvel at their brilliance.<br/><br/>All in all, despite some shaky bits and pieces in the plot, a very captivating book, which made sure the rest of Brown's hand is currently on it's way to The Netherlands.
 Quite simply, it's a great thriller, and the five stars are merited for being one of the best books in its genre.  If one wants to compare Dan Brown's writing to literary novels, then he's always going to come up short, but I find that he usually executes his plots in breathtaking, page-turner fashion.  Yes, depth of characterization is not his strong suit, and some of his plot twists are a bit far-fetched.  But the same could be said for some really great science fiction, even the books of Arthur C. Clarke.  One needs to judge a book by its goals, and all category fiction is not created equal.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is a master at pacing, using the "short chapter format" to maximum effect.  By doing so, the end of every chapter is, in itself, a cliffhanger.  He is also able to use this format to switch narrative points of views frequently, which is always a tricky stunt to pull off for any author.<br/><br/>I found this book to be more satisfying than THE DA VINCI CODE (which is nevertheless an excellent novel) because this book was not hampered by incorrect facts presented as accurate and verifiable history, as was the case with "the code."  ANGELS AND DEMONS is simply a great suspense novel without the controversial undertones of a plot constructed by someone who wanted to tell us why the world has been duped by history and the Catholic Church.  In other words, this novel is superior to the other since self-righteous didacticism is not constantly hiding between the lines.<br/><br/>If you like thrillers, this is a good 'un.
 I finished Angels And Demons by Dan Brown the other night.  This book rocks as a recreational read!  This is by the same author as The DaVinci Code, and it looks like it was a previous work that was re-released after the success of Code.<br/>Symbologist Robert Langdon gets an early morning call from a person in Switzerland claiming to have a dead body with an Illuminati brand on his chest.  The caller turns out to be the head of CERN, and he's concerned about the Illuminati cult that everyone thought was dead.  Langdon ends up in Switzerland to lend his expertise in the symbol, and from there is rushed to the Vatican when a massive explosive anti-matter device is stolen from CERN and is set to blow up the ancient seat of the Catholic church.  A dead pope, kidnapped cardinals turning up branded and dead, an ancient secret society that everyone thought was extinct, and a countdown to finding and stopping the explosion.  On top of that, the plot starts twisting at breakneck speed in the last 100 pages.<br/>This is a book I could have easily plowed straight through and been perfectly happy in doing so.  The pace of the story never slowed down, and the turns at the end weren't quite what I expected them to be.  I wasn't highly thrilled with The DaVinci Code, as it went off in some theological directions I didn't care much for.  And I also felt it was the author espousing his beliefs in novel form and pounding the reader over the head about them repeatedly.  This book is more a crime/conspiracy novel set in the Vatican, but not so heavy on alternative theology.<br/>Definitely one of the better recreational reads of late...
 Robert Langdon - the Harvard symbologist best known for his role in the _The DaVinci Code_ - makes his first appearance in this work.  Langdon is called to CERN - the world-famous laboratory in Switzerland - to help investigate the bizarre murder of a leading physicist.  The scientist's chest has been branded - with the unmistakable symbol of the mysterious group called 'The Illuminati'.  Worse, the scientist's most recent discovery - antimatter secured in a magnetic container - has been stolen.  The antimatter is a dangerous explosive, akin to a nuclear weapon, co-developed by the scientist's attractive daughter.  She accompanies Langdon in the fast-paced search for the weapon, which leads to the Vatican.<br/>Thought to have perished years ago, the Illuminati are a shadowy lot -- founded by scientists like Galileo --and have battled the Catholic Church for centuries.  The hunt for the murderous thieves -- and the Illuminati -- all point to a devastating plot to destroy the Vatican and, with it, the Catholic Church.  Using ancient and modern clues, Rome's landmarks, and fascinating historical documents from Vatican archives, Langdon tracks the killers like a bloodhound.  Complicating matters is a Papal Conclave, with hundreds of Cardinals sealed into the Vatican while electing a new Pope... and sitting on a time-bomb.<br/>_Angels &amp; Demons_ is a roller-coaster ride.  Just when you've got a handle on the culprits and their motives, a whip-saw 90-degree turn flings you in a completely different direction.  With plenty of fascinating detail, an exciting plot, and unique characters, this novel will grip you and not let go.
 After having read Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code," I picked up "Angels and Demons" which is suppose to be the prequel to "The Da Vinci Code." Here we see Robert Langdon, a Professor of Religious Studies and symbology, being called to CERN, which is a think tank organization for scientists after one of their scientists was brutally murdered. Langdon learned that the scientist could be murdered by the Illuminati, an ancient brotherhood thought to be enemies of the church and basically religion in general. In addition to the murder, the murdered scientist's creation of anti-matter, which was a deadly weapon was missing. Langdon soon found himself inside the Vatican City with the murdered scientist's daughter, Vittoria, investigating the whereabout of the anti-matter and whether the Illuminati really did resurface after all these years.<br/><br/>Fans of "The Da Vinci Code" would be equally impressed with this book. The chase, the conspiracies, the arts and architectures were all interwoven to make this such a thrilling read. Dan Brown is able to write in such a way that leaves his readers wanting for more. This was suppose to be a bedtime book but the more I read, the more awake I get. It is unbelievably addictive. In addition, I feel that I have learned quite a lot about the Vatican City especially matters concerning the Pope and the Catholic Church. I also find the debate between science and religion to be pretty interesting and thought-provoking. This is definitely a must read book for who love history, arts, conspiracies, or just thrillers in general.
 Before "<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/5550155184/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>", Robert Langdon tackles an Illuminati conspiracy attacking the scientific community CERN in "Angels &amp; Demons".  Filled with historical data, fictional discoveries, and a few neat puzzles, the storyline challenges the views of both religion and science.<br/><br/>Comparing the Langdon's adventures, I felt this novel had several problems.  The character point of view is a little muddled near the beginning, appearing to switch between two individuals.  I am not interested in numerous Italian phrases with a definition to follow.  Yet the most glaring fault is the linear plotline, Langdon travels from site to site with no forethought into determining the next step until after all the events unfold at the current place, especially when establishing the final location during the end of the book.  Sadly the horrific reason behind the conspiracy lacks spirit with an innocuous and cliché conclusion to the antagonistic characters.<br/><br/>As with about every film-based novel, I would suggest at least not watching the movie prior to reading the book if not forgoing the movie thereby leaving the story entirely to the imagination.<br/><br/>Overall the novel is respectable for any fan of the pseudo-realistic literary genre. However those of a highly inflexible religious background or intolerant attitude towards religion might want to avoid the selection.<br/><br/>Thank you.
 Angels &amp; Demons by Dan Brown.<br/><br/>I was skeptical about whether this book would come close to the level of the Da Vinci Code. This story had me from the start. An adventure that set in motion an unending path that Langdon had to follow. A quest that led him to other doorways that had more questions than answers. I was totally captivated by his journey to unravel who was behind this vendetta against the Vatican and the reasoning behind it.<br/><br/>This book did not let me down as compared to the Da Vinci Code. It definitely can stand alone.
 A cabal of zealots resurrects the spirit of the ancient Illuminati to destroy the Vatican with an anti-matter super bomb, a weapon so powerful it could destroy the world.  Can our hero save the day?  This not-so-thrilling suspense thriller is filled with all the trappings of a good comic book, including the dramatic climax where our hero saves the damsel in distress.  I can't remember if this was before or after he survived the fall from the helicopter.<br/><br/>Our hero, Robert Langdon, reminds us a little of a popular movie character from the 80s, a history professor from Indiana.  But Langdon is not a history professor, he's a symbologist--he studies symbols.  And he has a web site.  So when the scientist who discovered anti-matter is found murdered with the word ILLUMINATI branded on his bare chest--who you gonna call?  At least Dan Brown spares us the obligatory sexual encounters that normally go along with this genre of novel.  This gives the characters a little more dignity, not that they need more.<br/><br/>Brown's character development is actually rather good; much more depth than the usual cardboard figures one meets in a suspense thriller.  Dan Brown is not a bad writer, and this is not a bad novel.  It's not exactly a spellbinder, but it will serve as a decent light read.  Brown even manages to plow more depth by raising an interesting question about the relationship between science and religion.  Are they mutually exclusive, or are they natural partners--yin and yang--with one needed to balance the other for cultural stability?
 Begin with naked mutilated body of some old dude that has off beat secrets- in this case the development of an anti-matter bomb that in Brown's leap of logic mind proves the existence of God. Add distraught, sexy, smart daughter who is determined to find her father's killer, and in the mean time, save the world. Enter Harvard educated Robert Langdon, art historian, and unlikely super hero that acts as a living wicapedia of information on the most arcane of subjects, and a romantic foil for the aforementioned sexy daughter. Set story within Rome, surrounded by gothic architecture, Catholic rituals, and deep, dark, secrets that can destroy the church. Drop in endless unlikely and totally non-essential ego-driven dialogue (the author must show you he - or someone - has done his research,) create an evil demonic force for the love struck couple to concur, preferably just after Langdon has saved sexy-daughter from some horrific fate. Add a few action scenes, hints of sex, and bam, you have another Dan Brown recipe for time wasting garbage. Yes, I give it two stars, not one. Why? Because if there is a choice between watching TV and reading this, read this. Anything is better than TV.
 This has got to be one of the strangest novels I've ever read. It's as if this guy decided that Clive Cussler's Dirk Pitt novels weren't over the top enough, and Lincoln Child and Douglas Preston weren't stretching the bounds of science and reality enough. As a result, we get a completely preposterous story of an American university professor who's summoned suddenly and peremtorily to Switzerland (in the X-33 Spaceplane, no less!) to solve the mystery of a murder committed by the fabled and legendary Illuminati.<br/>This is only the tip of the iceberg here. The book goes on for 568 pages, and most of that takes place in Rome, where the academic plays detective, assisted by a (beautiful, of course) female scientist. They're looking for an anti-matter bomb someone has hidden on the grounds of the Vatican, and also for some cardinals who have been kidnapped on the eve of the conclave, which will elect the new Pope. The whole thing takes place over the course of an evening.<br/>There are gun battles, torture, betrayals, bizarre symbology (including ambigrams, which read the same right side up and upside down), and a great deal clues following various Roman art and religious artifacts. All of this is sewn together relatively seamlessly by Brown, but after a while it does get to be a bit much. And if you're like me, you will guess the ending about 50 or 100 pages before the main characters do. Given how the novel goes, it does take a while to finish.<br/>However, I will say that I enjoyed it, and recommend it, given that you can accept the over the top nature of the plot.
 Firstly, I want to state that my review is closer to 4.5 stars, rather than 4.  I chose to round down.<br/><br/>Any time a book with religious themes is published - be it fictional or not - it's destined for controversy.  While `Angels and Demons' hasn't spawned the type of discussion that its follow-up, `The Da Vinci Code' has, it definitely has its share of plot points that will be brought up for debate by theologians, scholars, and anyone remotely interested in Catholic history.<br/><br/>The main character of this book is Robert Langdon, also the main character in `Da Vinci', involved in a race against time to solve a mystery that will save the lives of several cardinals, as well as Vatican City itself.  The pacing is superior, and the detail is painted out well in the mind of the reader.  Brown writes in such a way that each chapter ends enticing the reader to turn the page.  Even if you think, "I'll finish this chapter, and then go to bed," you won't.  You'll have to read one more chapter, just to find out what happens next.  That, in itself, is an art, and Dan Brown has mastered it.  This is a book that some will want to re-read the moment they finish it.<br/><br/>Whether the historical and religious references contained in the book are accurate or not is up to the reader; I encourage anyone to seek their own truths, where that is concerned.  What is certain is that the book, no matter what your beliefs are, is intelligently written and a book that defines the term `thriller'.
 Angels and Demons is a thoroughly gripping and exciting book. I finished the second half in one sitting - at work - and I still feel like I just came off a theme park ride.<br/><br/> However, I can't call it a good book. The plot is somewhat overwrought and the writing is very cliche'd - of course the first description of the heroine finishes with a mention of her breasts, and sometimes it seems like every decision is accompanied by a childhood flashback offering a full motivation. It's like a mainstream Hollywood action movie: even if the plot is not always predictable, the outcome is, and so are the heroes. And as far as literary style goes, I found Grisham (another "movie" writer) to be at a far higher level.<br/><br/> Ah, and accuracy. Brown starts his novel with a page explaining that the illuminati, the locations in Rome and CERN really do exist, leading me to expect some reasonable accuracy of his research in the rest of the book. Unfortunately, at least where CERN and physics are concerned, the facts pretty much end at this first page. This left me fealing misled, and even a little bit cheated. On the other hand, some of the physics that Brown alludes to literally had me in stitches, so it wasn't all for the worse. And please - disproving an Einstein theory as a sign of brilliance should go on any elementary author's list of cliches to avoid once and for all.<br/><br/> Angles and Demons is great read, but don't take it as anything more than it is: an very thoroughly exciting pulp thriller.
 If you set out to read this book, try to obtain a copy of the Special Illustrated Edition.  This new printing is well adorned with four-color photographs of most every placename or statue referred to in Dan Brown's novel.  One feels as if one has had a double-decker bus tour of Rome after the easy-reading, page-turning story.  This somewhat hefty, text-book sized edition includes aerial views of Vatican museums, detail from the catacombs beneath St. Peter's, many shots of the Sistine Chapel, and both closeups and long shots of famous Bernini statuary in the Italian capital.  Instead of Audrey Hepburn and Gregory Peck, we race around Rome with Harvard Professor Robert Langdon, erstwhile star of the Da Vinci Code.  This time his co-star is sexy scientist, Vittoria Vettra (Sophia Loren will undoubtedly get the part in the movie.)  The novel deserves four stars, and I'll award another half-star for this enjoyable photo-tour of Rome and Vatican City.<br/><br/>In addition, I enjoyed this Brown thriller more than the best seller, The Da Vinci Code.  There seems to be faster pacing, the enemy more realistic, and the topic richer.  To be sure, the repetition of the statue-to-statue chase grows old by the time we reach third base, but the story's conclusion makes up for it.  In order of preference for the Dan Brown library:<br/><br/>1.  Angels &amp; Demons<br/><br/>2.  The DaVinci Code<br/><br/>3.  Deception Point<br/><br/>4.  Digital Fortress.
 It is impossible to describe this incredible book with a single word or one sentence.  I understand why Dan Brown was named TIME's 100 Most Influential People.  What I found most interesting about this book and its author was that the actual writing was not that great.  The sentences were neither descriptive nor incredibly well structured.  His word choice was very mundane.  But the fact that there is nothing special about the actual writing yet it intrigues the reader to continue flipping the pages is what makes Dan Brown a great writer.<br/><br/>There are so many elements of this book I'm not sure where to start.  I guess I will start with his collaboration with history and fiction.  Honestly, although I knew that this book was fiction, I thought all the history was true.  A reader will notice that a page labeled "FACT" follows immediately after the dedication page.  I realized a long time later that this was part of the fiction.  The most important thing about history is its connections.  In history, everything connects.  It is like a domino and one thing affects another.  Dan Brown did a good job making connections with the history.  Not just the history of historical things like the Illuminati but also things like family history.  In fact, he connected everything so well that he managed to reveal all the relations twist by twist within the last fifty pages of the book.  It was quite overwhelming, yet very interesting.<br/><br/>Many people would summarize this as a typical novel where the hero wins.  On top of that, the hero also gets the pretty girl.  Not so surprising.  However, the phrase stating that process is more important than the result stands true for this novel.  I will not deny the fact that the ending was ordinary and obvious, but the journey to the end was amazing.  When I thought that I had encountered the last surprise, I would soon read another one that led to another.  It just amazes me that it is possible to incorporate twist after twist.  Obviously, he put a lot of thought into the plot before he wrote the novel.  Whereas some writers, like J.K. Rowling, would scribble down whatever plot in mind on the corner of a newspaper, I think Dan Brown sat down and outlined his whole novel.  I won't spoil the twists for those who have not read the book.  But I will give a note of caution for those who are planning to read it.  Prepare yourself for a thrilling roller coaster ride.  Yes, the rapid heartbeats and the sick feeling in the stomach come with it too.<br/><br/>Immediately after I read this novel, I picked up the Da Vinci Code. I would have to say that the Da Vinci Code was not as great as this book.  Maybe it was because I was already aware that there would be outrageous twists, which seem to be the essential element of Dan Brown's writing style.  The two books are like two math problems that are based on the same principle with different numbers.  Angels &amp; Demons was like the book with the harder numbers.  It triggered the reader to think and solve a long. This book has the same pace as the more famous Da Vinci Code, but it has more twists and turns which made it an even more compulsive read.<br/><br/>If you have not read this book and you are anticipating an interesting summer, read this book with an iced beverage in hand.  It will be a luxurious pleasure.  Like I said, the writing is very simple, yet the plot is extraordinary so it's easy to read and definitely turns pages faster than most books.
 "HOLY COW" a famous person said once, but about something totally different. That same phrase applies here. What a termendous read. Once you're hooked, it's impossible to escape this book.<br/>Although not the "Da Vinci Code" (thus the 4 stars), the exploits of Robert Langdon in his tweed coat will captivate and turn you in knots. Mr. Brown has an amazing imagination and ability to twist and turn a story to places where the reader would never expect. Bad guys turn to good, and good to bad, innocents dying all over, surprise after surprise. And best of all, the hero gets the, oops, can't say that.<br/>Mr. Brown wins for research. His knowledge of locations and ancient legends, myths and secret sects is complete.  My hat is off to the depth of his understanding of the Catholic Church.<br/>Robert Langdon is a hero ala Indiana Jones, Superman, and Einstein combined. His villans are terrifying and evil, and seem invincible, and his ethics are exceptional. Fortunately for us, the right thing is always done in the end.<br/>So, without telling any of the plot or the characters (you'll have to read about that) this is an excellent weekend read, if it takes you that long. You'll hang at the end of every chapter, wanting more. Don't wait any longer, get this book and read-it-up fast. You'll have no other choice. When you're done, and out of breathe, then go for "Da Vinci Code".  You'll be very glad you did.<br/>Thanks for the great entertainment Mr. Brown!!!!!
 Angels and Demons is a surprising book. Surprising because it really does live up to the hype. I'm a doubter, whenever people recommend a book to me, my first reaction is always, "Oh c'mon, it can't be -that- good."<br/><br/>It is. It's above good. It's excellent. It's a fast-paced, intelligent thriller that never falters.<br/><br/>The main characters are likeable and believable. Robert Langdon is a reluctant hero with fears, strengths and flaws.  The Camerlengo poses an intriguing figure as the temporary head of the Vatican. The book is loaded with information about religion and history. The action never lets up; Langdon and his companion, Vittoria, are constantly thrown into one harrowing ordeal after the other. Brown is able to make all of these variables flow together so perfectly, carrying the reader along for the ride.<br/><br/>It was rather odd to be reading this book and then hearing about the Pope's death on the news. However, the timing provided a glimpse of the extensive research that Brown completed in writing this book.  (E.g.: The process of voting in a new Pope.)<br/><br/>My ONLY compliant about this book (and it's a very minor one) is that I was a bit daunted by the first few chapters.  His writing was a bit difficult to get into; everything is just so extreme right from the outset. I'm used to writers building up into the action, not tossing the plot right into the reader's lap. However, that's the tone of this book - action, action, action... once you get used to it, it becomes a very quick, and entertaining read.
 That was my feeling when I finished reading the book, a Rambo or 007 hero trying to save the world in 6 hours!<br/>I should say that the historical and religious explanations were incredible, Mr. Brown made all these intrict connections and sometimes it was hard to draw the line between fiction and reality. I have been to Italy and the architectural significance really overwhelmed me, I was reading it with passion and longing.<br/>On the other hand, the story itself is nothing new, a heart filled with rage decides to get revenge and uses a form of destruction to kill his boss, in this case it is the Pope, to ultimately reach his own goal, but later discovers a hidden secret which Brown intended to be the final magnificant twist, but completely lost its magic, I think, after the complicated countdown, and none but a ruthless Arab to complete the picture!!? who plays the Assassin.<br/><br/>So you find all the fusion  and interaction  of nationalities and languages, with mistakes, especially the Arabic language, and the hero ultimately defies death and survives a jump from the sky and at the end wins- ironically- a prize which reminded me of 007!<br/>The author records everything, minute by minute, though sometimes you feel like these people must be on another planet, because their minute is like an hour on Earth!<br/>I am not sure if it is worth reading, but it is amazing that a book so fragile made such a buzz:(
 I gladly admit I couldn't put this book down. It is tremendously suspenseful and carefully crafted. This is must reading for those who have lost faith with fiction.<br/><br/>There are several errors, though: A double noun gets a singular verb, Sunday School is erroneously imputed to Roman Catholics, misunderstanding of the immaculate conception for the virgin birth, the difference between the resurrection of Jesus and his ascension, and a helicopter that races up without our knowing what happened to it -- minor annoyances considering the otherwise painful attention to detail.<br/><br/>Readers looking for prosaic style of a James, Nabokov, McCarthy, etc., will not find it here. The syntax is simple and the semantics should be discernable to anyone with a ninth grade education. While the writing is not erudite, the subject matter often is. When the novel stumbles on a subject that the general reader might not know, Brown provides a definition. The story is flawed by being uneven; much too much detail is spent on the minutae of clues, and little effort goes into the furtherance of the plot. After spending 400 pages of chasing one clue after another, it would have been nice to have more detail spent on plot development. The begiing and ending seemed hurriedly piecemeal and disappointing.<br/><br/>All in all, the book is a satisfying experience. Conspiracy theorist will have a heyday. I doubt anyone will fail to have some fun.
 Ok...here's the long &amp; the short of it about Dan Brown's books and his character Robert Langdon: The plot's are awesome!  The characters lack depth, and are as boring &amp; one dimensional as a piece of cardboard paper!<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons has a phenomial plot- explosive substance has been planted in the Vatican, while they are choosing a new Pope after the other has just passed away.  With 75 Cardinals, some of the world's most famous &amp; valuable historical monuments and with half the world watching- you're in for a rollercoaster of a ride!  Would make an excellent movie.  It's non-stop excitement.  Twists &amp; Turns.  Over all enjoyed the story.<br/><br/>But here's the nitty gritty:  While I like Angels &amp; Demons better than the DaVinci Code...I still couldn't find myself liking or caring about Langdon.  BUT- this book did at least give us background on Langdon, much more than the DC.  Furthermore, I agree with the reviewer who said this book was a bit lengthy.  Even through the excitement- you had to wonder when the final ending was coming.  Overall, I don't think I'd recommend any of Dan Brown's books- while they were enjoyable, they do not make me want to pick up more of his books.  I only read this one because a friend gave it to me.  Also, both of the books I've read of his- the plot's are carbon copies of each other! It wasn't a waste of time, I was just a bit disappointed.
 I feel like I'm the only person on the earth who hasn't read Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code." As much as I wanted to jump in and read it before the movie came out, I decided to read the first of Robert Langdon's adventures, "Angels and Demons." It was definitely a fun read and though the book purports to be based on factual data, it quickly turns into an over-the-top thrill ride that is designed to shock and make the reader think.<br/><br/>The story starts when Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor, gets a mysterious phone call from the director of CERN the world's most advanced scientific facility. It is a call for help. One the leading scientists at CERN has been murdered and the director hopes that Langdon can interpret the brand that remains on the victim's chest. The mark is of the Illuminati, a secret brotherhood of scientists that oppose religion. As Langdon begins to uncover the mystery, he discovers a plot that threatens the Vatican. This leads to a race against time as he and the dead scientist's daughter try to uncover who's behind the nightmare, during which a ticking time bomb (antimatter) threatens to destroy Vatican City.<br/><br/>There is some very interesting background information in this novel but take it with a grain of salt. I've heard from different people that it isn't all entirely correct. However the main point of the book is to entertain. If you keep this in mind and you should like it. I loved the plot twists that kept turning up. Even though a lot is unrealistic Dan Brown does a marvelous job at giving it a real-feel. Unlike other reviewers I didn't feel like the characters were shallow. I liked how Dan Brown switched viewpoints, letting you see things from different character perspectives. The dialogue itself is smart and witty. If you want to read something entertaining that doesn't insult your IQ then this novel is worth picking up.
 Dan Brown ascribes to Robert Langdon, the protagonist of "Angels &amp; Demons", an "'erudite' appeal." Unfortunately, the work in which Mr. Langdon resides does not share this characteristic.<br/>Brown has created a novel that reads like a made-for-TV-movie script, complete with cliff-hanging commercial breaks. This would be fine, had Brown given himself over to such an endeavor. He did not. With a patronizing nod to his more intelligent readers, Brown liberally doses the text with lengthy philosophical monologues and pointed flashbacks. These only serve to bog down the rest of the 'thrill a minute' prose and seem very much out of place.<br/>Additionally, apparently not trusting the perceptivity of his readers, Brown adds foreshadowing with the subtlety of a billy club. His brute force attempts at guiding readers' perceptions are lacking in conviction, allowing the plot (including the final, obvious, twist) to quickly become transparent.<br/>Despite these failings, "Angels &amp; Demons" makes for a fun read. Akin to an action film, once the reader has put his or her brain to sleep, blissfully ignoring some of the more glaring issues, they are dragged along on Brown's roller coaster. Bludgeoned by plot twists and battered by less than shocking revelations, they follow Langdon toward the inevitable, heroic end.<br/>Readers looking for such a tale will be more than satisfied. Those looking for a more intelligent, less assuming text would be advised to look elsewhere.
 I found Dan Brown's "Angels &amp; Demons" as exciting and suspenseful as his blockbuster "Da Vinci Code."<br/>At times it is hard to believe it is a work of fiction.<br/>This time the ancient secret society that is causing havoc today is the Illuminati, an underground order with a vendetta against the Catholic Church.<br/>It is both cat and mouse as well as ticking clock.<br/>The present day Illuminati has stolen enough antimatter to level the Vatican---set to go off during the Papal Conclave to elect a new Pope. If not located the church's symbolic property as well as its leadership will be destroyed.<br/>To uncover the location of the antimatter Harvard symbolist Robert Langdon must discover and discern hidden messages and symbols in Rome's ancient art. It seems his pursuer has the inside information to prevent Langdon from accomplishing his task.<br/>Who is the betrayer? The head of CERN (inventor of the antimatter), the Cardinal overseeing the election, the former Pope's Camerlengo, the Commander of the Swiss Guards or his second-in-command?<br/>High-octane adventure that never slows. Requires an occasional bit of suspension of disbelief a la James Bond.<br/>The brotherhood of the Illuminati is genuine.<br/>The connection between the USA's founding fathers and the Illuminati is an historical controversy to this day.<br/>Impossible to put down. Not to be missed.
 I gotta tell you, this ex-English teacher explains his passion for Disney and other suspense writers on his web site.  And man, is he ever a commercial success.  But I did feel this novel is OVER the top to the max.  I just couldn't buy it all, although I did read it, stayed up all night, because I could, and got it finished to hand on to my waiting step-daughter.<br/>My niece and her spouse liked it a lot.  I am their senior by about 15 plus years.  I think that is what taints my review.  I just felt like I was having my leg pulled and that I knew it.  I kept thinking that I would buy into the plot as more than mere escape a la Indiana Jones, but I did not.<br/>Having studied the medieval Roman Catholic church, I felt I was reading pure fiction, even though Brown hit on enough curious truths to make his effort a new century read for the generations younger than me.<br/>Give me Umberto Eco anytime.<br/>However, since many friends had been urging me to read "The DaVinci Code", I was glad I had read this first and MET Robert Langdon, this century's Indy.<br/>Wonder who will be cast in this role for film?<br/>Well, it won't take long to have that information, I suppose.  Illuminata?  Kind of an appropriate time to read of them, particularly with the concerns over Mel Gibson's brand of Catholicism.<br/>What a world of "spinning" fervor!
 I picked this book up a few years ago in a book store.  I finally read it about a year ago and after finishing it I was upset with myself for making the book sit so long.  Luckily, by then the Divinci Code was out so I was able to slide right into that book.<br/><br/>What I think made this book most enjoyable was the pace at which it jumped from one subplot to the next.  Hoping from one short "chapter" to the next really kept book moving.<br/><br/>The writing is very good and the plot is exciting and intelligient.  The characters are varied and most are developed very well so you have a pretty good idea of what is motivating them.  I, however, did think the head of the Swiss Guard was a little to closed minded...I doubt someone would rise to such position by ignoring threats but he was still a good character.<br/><br/>The book by itself is outstanding but I think it looks even better when compared to "DaVinci".  While I like DaVinci, I thought this book was much more exciting and didn't "dumb down" like the DaVinci Code did at times (in what seemed like attempts to let the ready "solve" some codes themselves).<br/><br/>Both are great books - but Angels &amp; Demons was much better.  I would recommend putting a little time between your reads of each book because there are a lot of similarities between characters in the 2 books which was slightly distracting at times.
 In this fast-paced thriller, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon (in other words, this professor who knows a lot about religious icons and the secret societies that use them) is summoned to Europe because of a gruesome murder surrounded my mysterious symbolism. He teams up with a young, attractive relative of the deceased to race around and solve clues before it's too late!<br/><br/>If you've read The Da Vinci Code, then this all sounds Very Familiar. (If you haven't, then read that one first, it's tighter.) Whereas that book questioned fundamental beliefs about Mary Magdalene, this one explores the interplay between science and religion. It's fast paced, I had trouble putting it down, and despite having read the other book, Brown managed to surprise me in the end.<br/><br/>I read it about a year after reading The Da Vinci Code. If I'd read it any sooner, I think the structural similarities would have made it less enjoyable. Since I waited, it felt fresh...enough for a good ride. I can only remember one scene where even my reasonable willingness to suspend disbelief was pushed beyond its limits. (Although this book takes place before The Da Vinci Code, the plots are completely independent.)<br/><br/>A final added bonus is that this book may win the prize for the most laughable closing line of all time.
 I have been immersed in a world of hidden text, secret societies, symbologists, iambic pentameter and the near destruction of the Catholic Church. It is the story of one of the oldest rivalries known to &lt;s&gt;priests and scientists&lt;/s&gt; man; the eternal conflict between science and religion.  Both groups claim to be searching for the ultimate answer, er...wait that was an entirely different story.  They are both in search of the ultimate...oh, who am I kidding, both of them are striving to be the first to say:  "Nanner, nanner, I told you I was right.  Your entire life as been for naught."  Which, if it were the scientist that were right, means that there were a whole lot of celibate people roaming around saving themselves for no apparent reason.  But then again, if the church is right, then there are a whole lot of really smart people tumbling around in a sea of fire, playing naked twister with the devil.<br/><br/>When a humble professor from Harvard (is there a such thing?), receives a phone call in the wee hours, it could only mean that he is about to be launch on a whirlwind adventure.  Robert Langdon faces dangers unimaginable.  He is put in harm's way by a society that any scholar worth his salt will tell you has been dead for centuries.  I am referring to none other than the Illuminati. Their agent, an ancient Hassassin, will commit unthinkable acts against the most unlikely victims.<br/><br/>You have no idea what I am talking about, do you?  Well...I guess you will just have to read the book.  What book is that you might ask?  I am referring to none other than Angels &amp; Demons by Dan Brown.<br/><br/>Before we go any further, I want to make it perfectly clear that I really enjoyed this story.  Having said that, his mechanics in this one were a little rough and in many places, it felt rushed (I prefer to be pulled into a story rather than pushed), but the overall effect was a fast paced story that was full of enough twists and turns to keep you turning pages.  In my humble opinion, this book wasn't as good as Digital Fortress but it was still a damn good story.
 Angels &amp; Demons is too similar to The Da Vinci Code for me, ok it's a great read, fast paced as usual from Brown. But it reads like he's used a very similar story and twisted a few things. Even Langdon turns up again, but a bit different from Da Vinci code. I remember in Da Vinci Code, Sophie said he had a `crooked smile', and you never really got the impression he was a soave, handsome bachelor which he is in Angels &amp; Demons. Like Da Vinci Code the two main characters are of opposing sex, sounds all too familiar.<br/><br/>The plot is based on another murder scene with more clues on it (too familiar), this time Langdon has to team up with Vittoria Vetra an Italian scientist, and daughter of the victim (again, relative of victim, beautiful woman, conjures up memories). This time the culprits appear to be the Illuminati, a secret group believed to be dead. Langdon and Vetra have to track them down, but not all is what it seems.<br/><br/>Although the plot is weak, it keeps you reading. And with plenty of twists it never bores. There are, as usual with Brown, some religious inaccuracies and assumptions. So brace yourself if a potential moaner.<br/><br/>I think on mere unoriginality Angels &amp; Demons falls short of The Da Vinci Code. But it would have been the other way round if Angles &amp; Demons was released first.
 Angels and Demons, by Dan Brown, is a thriller, mystery, and conspiracy novel published in May of 2000. The story takes place in Vatican city, Rome, at the CERN laboratories where a crisis has come up. A dead physicist and a stolen canister of antimatter lead Robert Langdon and Vittoria Vetra on a trail of illuminati symbols, riddles, and kidnap. Robert Langdon, a 40 year old professor of religious iconology at Harvard, was called upon for his bravery and knowledge to help retrieve the stolen goods and expose the secret society behind the murder. His partner, Vittoria Vetra, is the daughter of the murdered CERN physicist and is quite knowledgeable when it comes to the new technology. Together they embark on the journey and must race to beat the clock and find the truth. People over 18 years old who like mystery and fast-paced action or other books by Dan Brown will most likely enjoy this read. Much like Dan Brown’s bestselling novel, The Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons is a thought provoking and well written book.
 Angels &amp; Demons reads like a season of "24." Everything happens in one day. This I find very interesting. I decided to read this book first before I read "The DaVinci Code." This book is a good warm-up, for your brain, for "The DaVinci Code." It's a fast paced mystery all the way. Even though the novel is fiction, I have to question where Mr. Brown got his sources. The information in that book seemed a little too realistic. Now being Catholic it's very hard to read a book about a plot against the Vatican. There were some parts that I read, where I really wanted to cry, but I just had to keep telling myself that this was a work of fiction. I guess that is a sign of being a good fiction writer when your readers start believing the story is anybody fiction.<br/><br/>Now, out of a five star rating I would have honestly given this book a four, but I'm going to give it a three. Why? Because of the last 20-30 pages in the book. It was one of those ending when you think everything is solved, but the person you least suspected turned out to be the actual "bad-guy." I honestly thought those last 20-30 pages were a bit "soap operay." Being a soap opera watcher since I was four-years old, I've seen the ending of this book done a million times. When I realized where the ending of this book was going, I'm not going to lie - I was pissed.  He could have writing that book better or just dropped that ending all together.<br/><br/>That's why this book gets 3 stars from me...okay, 3.5 stars.
 I gotta tell you, this ex-English teacher explains his passion for Disney and other suspense writers on his web site. And man, is he ever a commercial success. But I did feel this novel is OVER the top to the max. I just couldn't buy it all, although I did read it, stayed up all night, because I could, and got it finished to hand on to my waiting step-daughter.<br/>My niece and her spouse liked it a lot. I am their senior by about 15 plus years. I think that is what taints my review. I just felt like I was having my leg pulled and that I knew it. I kept thinking that I would buy into the plot as more than mere escape a la Indiana Jones, but I did not.<br/>Having studied the medieval Roman Catholic Church, I felt I was reading pure fiction, even though Brown hit on enough curious truths to make his effort a new century read for the generations younger than me.<br/>Give me Umberto Eco anytime.<br/>However, since many friends had been urging me to read "The DaVinci Code", I was glad I had read this first and MET Robert Langdon, this century's Indy.<br/>Wonder who will be cast in this role for film?<br/>Well, it won't take long to have that information, I suppose. Illuminata? Kind of an appropriate time to read of them, particularly with the concerns over Mel Gibson's brand of Catholicism. What a world of spinning fervor!
 Angels and Demons is the best of the four Dan Brown novels.  Like each of the other novels, Angels and Demons adheres to the same basic formula.  A brilliant scientist and a brilliant academic (one male, one female - both attractive) are chased around Europe (or in the case of Deception Point - from the arctic back to the US) unraveling a series of clues in a race against time to save the world (or the pope, or themselves or...well, you get the idea).<br/><br/>Dan Brown writes smart but shallow page-turners. While there are those who quibble about the accuracy of his research, Brown has at least made an effort to be as accurate as possible (for many authors, research amounts to little more than one or two quick `Google' searches).<br/><br/>Brown's shortcoming is character development. The principle characters in Angels and Demons are forgettable and could be interchanged with the characters from any of his other novels without anyone noticing the difference.<br/><br/>Sure, the ending of Angels and Demons is far fetched, but the ride is well worth it.  Provided you don't have ridiculously high expectations, Angels and Demons is a great read and will keep you up late into the night, furiously flipping pages.
 I have pros and cons about this novel. I felt like I was reading The Davinci Code but with new characters and a varied storyline. The basic construction of the story was very similar. Langdon gets an after hours phone call from someone he doesn't know, asking for help to solve a murder/ mystery based around symbology. The beautiful woman entices him as they continue to escape danger.<br/>This time the Catholic Church is fighting against one of the greatest scientific institutions in the world. Who will win? The mystery and answer are compelling.<br/>I love how Dan Brown can manipulate a reader. I thought I had the story figured out at one point and then a new twist would ruin my theory. It's also very full of action until the last sentence.
 I must say, Dan Brown does his research and he comes up with some very historically interesting senerios, but geez, his character as so silly and the name he gives these people is so second rate Ian Fleming..i mean Maximillian Kohler? give me a break, and i dont know what experience he's had with romance, but he sure cant write it..i just laughed as I read the fluff between Langdon and Vehtra, they've barely know each other 24 hours and they are like a page out of Wuthering Heights, and really the whole thing at the end with helicopter and the rest of it..was just the limit..all i could do was say..you've got to be kidding me..this guy would make Ian Fleming blush.  And please would somebody tell Langdon to shut up with the history lectures and actually save one of these poor Cardinals..lord..seriously, im not catholic, but even I was like..does this Brown have it in for the church or what..I was shocked at some of the things he has the people in the church do, I know this is 2007, and this is a fictional thriller, but have some decentsy and respect, ya know...All and all, not a bad book, ingenius really in parts, but the writing is not very good, and lots of its is silly, frankly
 If you've ever been to an overhyped summer blockbuster action/thriller, (where most of the budget was spent on fantastical special effects), then you have a sense of the mind numbing pacing of this novel.  Dan Brown creates a plot line that pits the age old Illuminati against the Catholic church, but the entire saga begins and ends in the span of one day -- crossing oceans, continents and countless time zones on the way.  Much like high budget action thrillers, I found myself amazed at the work that went into the book, but numbed out with all the constant twists, turns, jetsetting and code solving.  The relentless flow of famed artists, obsure churches, signifcant historical dates, numerology, etc., left me wanting to put the book down and take a break.  Instead of being a page turner, (which it seems to have all the makings for), the implausible break neck speed of the story is exhausting.  The protagonists are so busy solving hugely complex, centuries old riddles in the space of minutes, they don't have time to ever eat or use the bathroom.  There is not much depth to the characters.  Yet, as one of the other reviewers shared, the sheer volume of activity had me unable to dismiss the book entirely and I eventually finsihed it.  Like some works of art, you can admire this book just because of the sheer difficulty and amount of work that went into creating it, not because you like it.  If you enjoy a fast paced story and you don't overthink things, you will probably find this a thrill ride.  But for most, it will probably challenge their ability to suspend disbelief.
 After reading The Da Vinci Code (TDVC - feel free to check my review for that if you like), and needing a book to read on the flight back home from my vacation, I decided to pick up Angels &amp; Demons.  I noticed a slight difference between the two books immediately - this one was thicker, wordier, and didn't flow like TDVC.  While on the surface, it is spread out over the same period of time, it seemed to take much longer to get from the beginning to the end.  I think that in between books, Dan Brown learned to whittle his writing down and move the story along more effectively (which was a benefit for TDVC).  Because of writing lessons learned and theological uproar over the subject matter, TDVC shot up the bestseller charts.  Angels &amp; Demons (A&amp;D) is reaping the rewards and is now climbing up the charts as well.  Is it a good book?  Well, I felt the story was interesting (considering the death of Pope John Paull II and the recent conclave to elect a new Pope).  Believable?  Not really.  But books are supposed to open a window into a fantasy world and I think Dan Brown accomplishes that much.  Did I enjoy the book?  For the most part I would say that I did.  As with TDVC, I will say that Brown's facts may be questionable, but it doesn't stop the story from moving along.  Read it for entertainment, because that is what fiction is for.  Enjoy!
 After reading many of the reviews here, I wonder how many people who gave the book a bad review actually FINISHED THE BOOK before writing their review!  They complain the bad guys run around with BAD GUY written on their chests and that you never find out much about the motives of the Illuminati ... well, not true and not true.  And though I cannot claim intimate familiarity with Rome and Vatican City, Mr. Brown certainly thanks enough people at the end to convince me he did the necessary research.  While my reading in the mystery-thriller genre is limited--and I don't think I am particularly dense--I keep changing my mind about who Janus actually was.<br/>I agree that the plot at times is pretty thinnly stretched and I felt the writing was not "great-Amercian-novel" quality, but, then, is that what anyone was really expecting?  I know I wasn't.  And, yes, the books tends to get a little preachy at the end, but why thrash a 500+ page page-turner for about 2 pages worth of sanctimonious drivel.<br/>For what it is worth, I didn't agree that the characters were "bumbling" or "stupid" or portrayed in an "anti-Catholic" manner.  They seemed to me, above all else, human rather than super-human--I liked that the hero, who does ultimately save the day, made some mistakes along the way.
 Dan Brown manages to write books that are compelling, entertaining, simplistic with intense undertones, and none of his work has been better than it is in "Angels and Demons". The plot revolves around the development of a dangerous new weapon, and an ancient cult with a vindictive bloodlust for the Vatican as they try to elect a new Pope. The entire story of the Illuminati as well as the secrets of the Vatican are what really drive this novel, providing more intrigue than the twisting plot can. As in "The DaVinci Code", the main character is Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon, as he is called in to help with the mysterious branding of a Swiss scientist.<br/>I found this book as interesting as "DaVinci...", and it manages to stay interesting to the very last page, whereas "DaVinci" seemed to lag a bit at the end and struggled to keep up its torrid pace. This is a great read, and it also provides some interesting insight into the mysterious world of the world's smallest country, the Vatican City. Brown puts some effort into his theories, and there is much smart science vs. religion battles throughout this novel.<br/>Also, the ambigrams that are so central in this novel are absolutely amazing pieces of art, and the artist John Langdon should be commended for them.
 Like many people, I read the Da Vinci Code before I knew that Angels and Demons existed.  I enjoyed the Da Vinci Code enough to pick up Angels and Demons.  If you like mystery and treasure hunts, legends about the Vatican's power with secret and deadly societies pursuing, in this case, Robert Langdon (the MacGyver of religious symbology) through exotic European cities, I recommend you read this book.  I preferred Angels' tighter plot, focusing on the clues laid out over Rome, Italy that are presented to Langdon in his pursuit of finding the answers before horrific death and destruction occurs.  I do not remember a slow point in the book.  Angels possesses the similar motion of the Code, but in retrospect, the Code is almost sloppy in comparison to Angels despite Brown's very interesting premise that the Code is the "truth" of the matter.<br/><br/>And, this is my WARNING:  I am not sure that I get into Brown's larger than life resolutions to some of the plot twists to Angels or the Code for that matter.  I don't dissect books like this because if I did the larger than life, outlandish segues, would kill my reading pleasure.  Just like I try not to hate the Roadrunner for always foiling the poor Coyote.  So, in saying that, the book does keep the reader hanging on to the very end and it is fun.
 I had been a lover of non-fiction books since my college days, from Nietzsche to Plato to Krishnamurti to Bart Ehrman, but serendipity lead me astray about a year ago and I discovered a treasure I didn't even know I was looking for, nor did I know it existed. That treasure is Dan Brown.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is a truly brilliant, skilled, witty, and talented writer. Out of thin air he invents, sculpts, crafts, and develops characters and intricate twisting plots that will keep you turning page after page until you realize many hours have passed. His books are that good. There are truly suspenseful and well thought-out weavings and interrelations throughout each of his books, but they avoid the melodrama or overkill that some authors before and after him have fallen victim to.<br/><br/>Specifically in regards to Angels and Demons, this book is as wonderful and enthralling as they come, one of the absolute modern-day treasures of the literary world. In this prequel to the mega-hit DaVinci Code, Robert Langdon begins his adventures into the dark and seamy world of the Illuminati, the Catholic Church, and deadly assassin. Nothing is what it seems and despite the many twists and turns the plot takes, it is by no means outrageous or unbelievable. Dan Brown is THE new master of fiction.
 A friend gave me Dan Brown's Angels and Demons and advised me to read it before his more famous The DaVinci Code.  I was surprised to read some really negative reviews.  Yes, the book is not without some flaws.  The characters could be fleshed out a little more, there are numerous errors, and the ending was a bit hokey.  But Brown takes his readers on a thrilling, fast-paced ride with lots of twists, turns and bumps.  I was so anxious as I neared the end that I read the last 200 pages of this 569 page book in one night.<br/>Angels and Demons starts out with an elite scientist/priest being murdered at a top secret nuclear research facility, C.E.R.N.  The body has been branded with the word "Illuminati.  The Illuminati was a powerful, clandestine group founded during the days of Galileo when the Roman Catholic Church was persecuting scientists and suppressing scientific discoveries.  The victim, Leonardo Vetra, has been trying to prove through science the existence of God.  Vetra, and his daughter Vittoria, have developed a revolutionary new discovery-antimatter.  It has the potential to be the greatest source of energy, but it also has the power of mass annihilation.  Vetra's killer has stolen a considerable amount of this antimatter from Vetra's lab.<br/>The C.E.R.N. director calls in Harvard professor and expert on religious symbology, Robert Langdon.  Langdon has extensive knowledge about The Illuminati.  Langdon teams up with Vittoria to try and solve this mystery.  Not only must they find the stolen antimatter (which has been stashed somewhere inside The Vatican and will explode within hours), but they also must help to find four kidnapped cardinals (on the eve of the election of a new pope).<br/>For those who find fault with this book, there is so much that makes it worth the read.  We get some history on Roman Catholicism, the papacy and The Vatican.  We learn many tidbits of Vatican trivia.  The Vatican Archives and Library must be an unbelievable treasure trove.  We also learn some tidbits about Rome-her history, her famous landmarks, churches, fountains and works of art.  Brown takes us through the steps to electing a new pope.  And of course, there is the age-old discussion of organized religion vs. religious belief vs. science.  But what makes Angels and Demons especially fascinating is that there is so much truth interspersed throughout the book.  C.E.R.N. is a real research facility, and antimatter has already been discovered.  The Illuminati were an actual group, and we're left wondering if they really died out (as Langdon surmises).  And of course, there is all that history previously mentioned.<br/>This book has a blockbuster ending that includes a miracle or two.  It was a little far fetched in spots, but still enjoyable.  And I had not a clue who the real villain was until the very end.<br/>So despite some flaws, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Angels and Demons.  I look with great expectation to reading The DaVinci Code.
 Dan Brown can keep you clutching your book, well into the night, despite your better intentions to put it down. If you have to move, you will take the book with you. To the bathroom, to the breakfast table, even to your important meeting the next day.<br/>Quite possibly one of the best of his generation's storytellers, Dan Brown weaves a fascinating tale of betrayal, papal intrigue, and scientific terror. All of his books are extremely well researched, combining the facts most of us desire with the what-if that most of us fear. A compelling storyteller with his head in the clouds and his feet on the ground, he is one of his generation's best.<br/>This was the first book by Dan Brown that I read, and it reinforced my belief that you can teach and entertain at the same time with fiction. Set against the backdrop of the Vatican and a Papal election, this book is the fascinating introduction of Robert Langdon, Brown's bookworm hero.<br/>A Harvard symbologist, Langdon gets called in to help solve a mystery. Unfortunately, he gets caught up in it and it has some very good and very bad lasting results for him. He returns in Brown's latest book, The Da Vinci Code, which is incredible as well. I recommend all of Brown's books, because they are simply great.<br/>Get this book.<br/>Harkius
 I noticed my dad was reading this book...one of those highly advanced books that he reads so often. I ignored it because I thought I wouldn't find it interesting, but I thought, 'what the hey?' and read the first chapter. I was wrong. Even though I'm not a regular reader, I couldn't put the book down.<br/><br/>I was immediately drawn into the story of the first true satanic cult, the Illuminati. Though the book deals with the fictional plot of their revival and plan to destroy Catholicism, the book was so convincing and well thought out that I believed it was real. It is a true achievement in science fiction, a genre that I previously thought too dry and technological for my tastes.<br/><br/>The story's research is the true genius of this book. For example, the story deals with an antimatter sample that is potent enough to cause great damage in amounts of only a few milligrams, an uncommon topic. The other side to it is that it discusses religion as a partner of science, offering really interesting information on how the two supplement each other but war for power.<br/><br/>I can't really explain what makes this book so good. A lot of people are murdered, as well as a chain of Illuminati murders of prestigious members of the catholic church, each in a different way, each with a unique brand that looks the same upside down or right-side up. In the end, it's a matter of life or death, and many sacrifices are made.<br/><br/>The book is never cliched and so brilliant that, as soon as it gets predictable, there's a well thought out twist in the plot that adds to the suspense. The characters do things in your deciphering of the book that leave you wondering, "Why didn't I think of that?"<br/><br/>P.S.: Read this book instead of the hyped-up "Da Vinci Code," also by Dan Brown. Angels &amp; Demons is the best book in the trilogy, and my sister tells me the Da Vinci Code was exactly like Angels &amp; Demons anyway. Go for his first effort, by far the best. :)
 I really, really enjoyed this book very much. I am not a very easy person to impress and frankly I hardly read any fiction these days...especially mass market fiction. More often than not I just end up throwing it down a quarter of the way into it because it's either boring or predictable (this includes Deception Point also written by Dan Brown).<br/>If this book had not been on sale I probably would not have touched it. But I am glad that I did.  I found Angels and Demons  to be a compelling read and very hard to put down. In fact I loved it so much that I bought several copies and have added it to my list of all time favorite books.<br/>It was straightforward and  intelligently written without being pretentious or verbose. It's obvious that Dan Brown likes the written word. But unlike other  authors I did not feel that I was reading a pretentious tome where the author was trying to show off to the reader, his knowledge or how many degree s/he had.  It could have easily been made into a 1000 page plus door stopper with useless material that did not add anything to the story. But to Dan Brown's credit he just stuck with what was necessary.  There was nothing superfluous in this book.  But at the same time it was very intelligent.<br/>It was well paced, and things went smoothly from point to point. Idea to idea. You sort of get the idea of that the book was written with a TV or big screen movie in mind.  Right down to where the heroine (beautiful of course) spends virtually the entire book outfitted in shorts and a tank top.<br/>I found the protagonist Robert Langdon to be quite well written and interesting. It was nice to see an "intellectual" hero who wasn't quite the hopeless nebbish nerd.  More to the point he was quite likable.  And unlike Corso in the Club Dumas, I wasn't made to believe that this a man like that would really have a beautiful woman throw herself at him.<br/>I also liked the heroine Vittoria. For once it was nice to read a story about a man and a woman working together without having it turn into a Harlequin like romance or a sexual escapade. I liked the way Langdon's and Vittoria's worked together without the overt sexual shenanigans.<br/>One of the things that surprised me was Browns treatment of the Church...or to be more precise Christianity.  Unlike many of his contemporaries Brown did not use his book as an opportunity to take pot shots at Christians or the Church or ridicule it.  In fact several portions of the book show what a boon the Christian faith has had on the characters lives.  It was as if Brown was showing that one could both be a person of faith and a person of science.  The scientists and their mean narrow minded condemnation of faith came off worse of all in this book.  Especially in one instance where a group of scientists rejoice when a cardinal is murdered.<br/>I also liked the construction of the Illuminati...considering the modern times we live in, the attack on people of faith I had to wonder if they really do exist.<br/>Unlike some other reviewers I saw nothing against the "Church". If it was against anything it was against the strict adherence to tradition and legalism.  As a Protestant I already know that Christianity is about having a personal relationship with God. Not a stone building and rituals.<br/>Finally to address the negative reviews.  I found most of the negative reviews towards this book to be rather specious and petty if not a  trifle arrogant.  I find it hard to take seriously reviews by people who question the intelligence of others or accuse others of not "having read much"  because they enjoyed  a book less than a bit credible to say the least.  I love reading the classics as much as the next person. And I still think that Angels and Demons is a wonderful  book.  I  will concede that the end was remarkably over the top. It was as if Dan Brown had this great idea for a book but he was not certain how he should end it.  And yes the end did stretch ones level of credulity.  The action scenes appeared to go on for a bit too long.  But since most of the book was such a page turner I am willing to forgive him for that.  In fact I<br/>This book is for people who like a well paced, intelligent story and recognize if for what it is. A good yarn.  Dan Brown has managed to make me do something I haven't done in years. Read a mass market fiction book from cover to cover in no time flat!!
 This story pulls you in, especially if you love exotic settings and occult intrigue, as I do. The story's hero thinks that he, as a Harvard professor, knows all about the mysterious Illuminati, and he believes they are extinct. But he learns he may be mistaken when a distinguished scientist and priest at CERN turns up dead with the word "Illuminati" branded on his chest. But this is no ordinary brand; it is an "ambigram" -- a word scripted to look the same upside down as right side up. This is the first of six amazing ambigrams we see illustrated in this book. The Illuminati, it seems, are out to get revenge against the Vatican for its past sins, which are many. The illusive Illuminati have hired a "hassassin" (a more ancient form of "assassin") to kill the four cardinals who are candidates to replace the pope, who has recently died.<br/>The story takes Robert Langdon, the Harvard professor, and Vittoria Vetra, the sexy (adopted) daughter of the dead scientist-priest on an incredible day-long adventure in a mostly futile attempt to stop the murders, along with a deadly jar of anti-matter hidden somewhere in the labyrinth of Vatican City. The anti-matter is counting down to midnight when it will work the final revenge on the church: the complete destruction of the Vatican complex with its priceless treasures.<br/>What makes the book special is the historic clues that Langdon pursues, as he tries to find the markers left by the Illuminati at the time of Michelangelo and Bernini, whose work is resplendent in the numerous churches and monuments of Rome and Vatican City. I loved the details woven into the story, especially the descriptions of secret places within the Vatican. The characters in this story are Vatican Swiss Guards, Cardinals of the Church, the camerlengo who is left in charge at the pope's death, and the bitter, wheelchair-bound  Director of CERN in Geneva. I can't help but wonder how much of the descriptions and characterizations (certainly not the actual characters) are real.<br/>Emotions build as the characters realize the unfolding events transcend their own situation and I actually found myself crying at one point in the book. But I experienced a kind of let-down near the end. The final twist of the plot was one I did not anticipate and it left me without the kind of wrap-up that I had expected. I thought everything would end tidy and sure, with the good guys and bad guys clearly identified. Maybe the final ambiguity was by design; maybe the author wanted us to think about who was more correct: the Illuminati point of view that the Church had committed too many atrocities and outlived its usefulness, or the Church's point of view that science can never give us all the answers.<br/>A really great book delivers not only adventure and thrills, but also provocative ideas. This book seesaws between the opposites that are implied by its title. We move from scene to scene, character to character in a dance of intrigue. Dan Brown is one helluva story-teller and this book left me always wanting to know what was on the next page.
 Angels and Demons was one of the best books I've ever read. Dan Brown's books are adventurous to the max, and keep you on the edge of your seat. All of his books that I have ever read are nothing compared to this one. I cannot wait to see the movie. The setting is amazing. Only Brown could turn Rome into a labyrinth of mystery, ancient puzzles, and murder. This book's thrills were almost as good as the chills. An assassin from a foreign land. A mystery man behind the plot. And an unexpected twist that will leave you begging for more. Brown is one of the best authors I've ever read. When I read The Da Vinci Code, I was amazed but this book was even better. The lies and twist and of course that feeling you get when you know time is running out. This book is the first Robert Landon adventure. Set in Rome he must follow an ancient path set by geniuses of the past, like Galileo, who has left a trial across Rome for other intellectuals to follow. Langdon must follow this path in less then 24 hours to save the Vatican and almost all hopes of Christianity. This was one of the best books I've ever read. All I can say is keep them coming, Dan.
 It seems American book critics are so desperate to find the "next great American writer" that they are so easily over praising mediocre to good authors in their vain attempts. Dan Brown is definately a good writer, and Angels and Demons is a good novel...nothing more, nothing less. Mr. Brown is obviously an educated man, and he endlessly injects his "learnings" into his stories, giving his tales a somewhat "teacher to pupil" air about them, or a "look what I learned" feel, which can indeed become distracting in the overall effectiveness of his thrillers. I can not agree with the astronomical praise his work is receiving, with most of it gushing about his intelligence and cleverness. After reading two of his novels, I haven't read or felt anything that is so deserving of this praise. Granted, his work may be a level or two above the average "Summer beach read, but, I believe this is due mainly to what he dares write about...science and religion. OK, he treads a water most authors don't want to tread, but, even though he writes about science and religion, this does not hide the fact that his books are ultimately a  good] thriller concerning those subjects, not "staggeringly intelligent" nor "wildly innovative" as the critics will have you believing. His prose, his structure, and his pacing are nothing out of the ordinary. One big gripe I do have is how he often puts in completely unbelieveable scenerios throughout the story. I can immediately name four of these weak points of storytelling from Angels and Demons. Any avid, intelligent reader can identify with what I'm talking about, and probably detected these four (or more) in this novel. Simply put, it's a passage or chapter that makes the reader want to put the book down because of it's silliness, and/or ignorance, and/or it's so impossible to believe that even an average reader can't suspend their disbelief that drastically. Angels and Demons is indeed a good book, and it deserves an audience, but, the truth is, Mr. Brown is to science and religion what John Grisham is to legal thrillers. That's not a bad thing. Now, if only these critcs would learn the difference between good and great.
 Angels &amp; Demons, the prequel to The Da Vinci Code, Dan Brown's recent best selling novel, is another exciting thriller by this author, combining adventure, travel, history and science fiction.  Brown creates an atmosphere of mystery, in which the reader has no idea what will happen next.  His use of unthinkable objects like the super high-speed jet and the canister of deadly antimatter force coupled with the fast pace of the story holds the reader's interest.<br/><br/>The novel is about Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist, being asked to help out on a case involving the death of a physicist, Leonardo Vetra.  His body has been branded with Illuminati ambigram.  The Illuminati are an anti-Catholic group who believes in the creation of the world scientifically.  Also, Vetra's recent creation, antimatter, is missing.  This substance can annihilate anything it touches within a certain radius depending on how much of the substance there is.  It is known to be somewhere inside the Vatican, all this on the night of Papal elections.  The antimatter will detonate within 24 hours of being removed and based on a Vatican camera, they can watch it tick down.  At the same time they search for this, Langdon has to find 4 kidnapped Cardinals while following the ancient trail of the Illuminati.  He is led to their secret lair and uncovers the truth about the Illuminati, its current leader and the groups famous, Illuminati diamond.<br/><br/>When I started this book I couldn't put it down.  The overall plot catches your attention and makes you want more and more.  The chapters are relatively short so it seems like you fly through it by chapter.  I was also compelled to research more about the components of the book, such as the Illuminati or anitmatter.  The topics will intrigue you and will make you wonder whether they are real or not.  Brown uses these things as well as real European sites to make you become apart of the action.  You can imagine the scenery the scene is occurring in and you picture yourself standing next to Langdon.<br/><br/>Brown also writes about a topic not widely discussed, the creation of the earth.  The battle between science and religion as the creator is widely known yet not a popular topic.  Brown courageously writes about this and it shows the reader, in the end, that there will always be arguments between the two sides for as long as we exist.<br/><br/>I recommend this book for anyone who likes excellent thrillers.  You will love this book before or after reading The Da Vinci Code.  This novel is one for all readers.
 Don't know that I can add much more to the reviews already written, but I offer my two cents that Dan Brown's first novel, the predecessor to DaVinci Code, is a story full of quality suspense and thrills.  I found it's not a great book to read at lunchtime when I had to watch the clock and get back to work on time because it compelled me to keep turning the pages..."Just one more page...."  I think the only minor criticism I have is that Brown follows the tried and true formula for suspense, that being the concept that the seemingly evil character may not be the most evil character, and the seemingly most righteous and good character may not necessarily be the most righteous and good character.  With that in mind, I was able to detect by about the midpoint of the story where this story would, in general terms, end up (i.e., who's good and who's bad), even with Brown throwing in the obligatory deceptive paths along the way.  Nevertheless, it was a good, suspenseful read, perfect to take the mind off whatever else might be on it at the moment, but not conducive to keeping life on schedule.  And sometimes that's a good thing....
 This is my 2nd foray into the world of Robert Langdon, Dan Brown's reoccurring Harvard symbologist.  Ironically, this is Langdon's first appearance, his 2nd being "The Da Vinci Code", which I read first.<br/>Perhaps because I read "The Da Vinci Code" first, I thought it was a bit better than "Angels &amp; Demons".  Or perhaps it's because "The Da Vinci Code" allowed me to do a bit of sleuthing on my own and presented a challenging array of puzzles--a couple of which I was proud to solve.  No matter, "Angels &amp; Demons" itself is an excellent piece of work.<br/>Again, as in "The Da Vinci Code", the reader is very aware that Dan Brown has put in an enormous amount of research and effort into writing this amazing book.  The lines between fiction and non-fiction are blurred as many of the details of the book revolve around true things.<br/>I do not want to spoil the book for future readers, so I will give a very basic overview of the book.  Leonardo Vetra, a leading scientist at CERN (the real-life world's largest particle physics center) has been killed and branded with a horrible ancient symbol....an ambigram (a word that reads the same upside down as rightside up) of the word ILLUMINATI, an ancient foe of the Catholic Church.  Perhaps more disturbing is that Vetra had discovered a way to actually create antimatter, the perfect energy source.  Depending upon its use, however, it could either be the most efficient energy source (a droplet could fuel New York City for an entire day) or for a means of mass destruction (a single gram has enough destruction as a 20 kiloton nuclear bomb--like that used on Hiroshima).  Moreover, antimatter is extremely unstable and if it comes into contact with anything, even air, it will annihilate.  Again, antimatter is a real thing, not fiction.<br/>What do the Illuminati, Catholic Church, CERN, and antimatter have to do with each other?  You will have to read the book to find out.<br/>Dan Brown provides a fast-paced read and an enlightening view of art, history, and faith (though I would not consider this a religious book by any means...don't read it if you're looking for a religious experience).  Brown has thoroughly researched his material in order to write a thrilling book of action, mystery, and suspense.  The most amazing thing is though the plot is unlikely, it is thoroughly believable because much of the information contained in the book is true.<br/>I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this book.
 I have so far read 4 of Dan Brown's books (Angel &amp; Demons, DaVinci Code, Deception Point &amp; Digital Fortress) and three features of his writings stand out. First, audacious plotlines; Brown does not believe in small measures but goes out on a limb-  heck, this guy re-defines audacity! The plotlines are way over the top but have just that crucial amount of credibility to draw in a reader, even when he knows it is fiction. Second, the pace is mercilessly quick; the entire plot of the book plays out over a few days at most. Last but for me the best of all, his books have a wealth of esoteric information that one would not normally read about. I found myself enthralled by a never ending series of factoids that had me rushing to the Internet for explanation or elaboration. Since the book has no real illustrations and a pathetic "map", I also used the internet to see images of the various landmarks that feature in the plot and their historical background and found the exercise enthralling.<br/>Angels &amp; Demons follows the above lines. Take a look at the audacity first - a plot that combines the Vatican (in the middle of a Papal election), CERN, and ancient brotherhood helped by a modern-day terrorist, a Harvard professor, anti-matter! I don't recall ever seeing a plotline with such a combination of ancient history, religious cults, religion, particle physics and killing! Picture a juggler managing about 10 different balls at the same time and you get an idea of it all. Yet Brown manages to keep the links between the various plotlines almost seamless. I am not going to even try to summarize the storyline - read the editorial summaries for that. Suffice it to say that putting it down before finishing is not an option!<br/>I found the book absolutely fascinating. Sure it has weak points : Brown's ability to write about science could do with improvement and some of his concepts (Mach 15 etc) sound implausible. The ending too was just that bit over-cute, almost apocalyptic. Maybe Brown tired, and wanted to solve the whole puzzle in one cataclysmic event or to be fair, perhaps the sheer pace and complexity was just too hard to close out properly. But the good points far outweigh the bad. The history of the Illuminati, the various works of art that play key parts in the story, the dialog between religion and science - all these make this book a great read. Highly recommended.
 Wow!!!  This book got me interested in reading again.  From the beginning of the novel when Brown describes Langdon's dream till the end I was intrigued to know what would happen next.  Robert Langdon is very intersting as a main character, because he is a nerd and he gets involved in adventure yet he thrives in adventorous situations.  I also love the religious symbolism that is involved in this novel for I would like to consiver myself a religious young man.  This novel also got me interested in the department of symbology.  How intersting of a career it would be to study symbols and their backgrounds as a career.  Dan Brown also did a wonderful job with doing his research on the Illuminati.  I would love to find out more information on them.  Also in this novel that is well done is Dan Brown's development of the character's and their backgrounds.  Robert Langdon is a claustrophic and Brown explains that and there are other intersting characteristics that he explains about his characters.  I would have never thought that a novel about a Harvard symbologist and a marine biologist going on a wild goose chase could be so much fun to read about, but it is.  One other thing about this novel is the twists and turns.  Brown will keep you thinking about who has done what and how the novel will end.  Enjoy!!  God bless!!
 Dan Brown's Angels and Demons must often be compared to his bestseller The Da Vinci Code.  As I read Angels and Demons after mostly enjoying the Code, I could not help but make comparisons.  Many have said that these two books have identical plots and that is true.  Brown's depictions of Rome do not irritate the reader as much as his tour guide descriptions of Paris in the Code.  In this book, he describes the sights and sounds of Rome without sounding like the Lonely Planet.  On the other hand, the plot did seem tired.  Older Harvard Professor gets mysterious phone call about a murder, meets young female relative of murdered luminary, and they solve the mystery together while making that special connection.  Depending on which topic you are more interested in, I would suggest that you pick one of these two books and read only that one.  Then you will remain under the illusion that Dan Brown is an illustrious writer.<br/><br/>Actually, I won't give him that. Dan Brown is a talented writer that aims his books squarely at the mass market.  His mysteries are designed to make average people feel clever, but sometimes clever people find themselves groaning at Brown.  His tidbits of information, some very common knowledge, can annoy the reader.  It's like hanging out with a know-it-all who can't stop telling you all the great things he has learned.<br/><br/>A huge complaint I have with this book is in the characterization of the villain.  This villain is not fleshed out in the least.  He represents a stereotype of evil without any explanation for his behaviour.  Worst of all, the author associates his evil characteristics with his culture and religion - Islam.  This book will no doubt be offensive to most Muslims and/or people from the Middle East.<br/><br/>So, is this book exciting?  In parts, yes, Angels and Demons does manage to grab the reader and hook them.  The slow leak of anticipated information is a great technique that Dan Brown uses to the fullest.  The descriptions of Rome are top-notch and as a Bostonian, I do appreciate that the main character hails from my fair city.  If I hadn't already read the Da Vinci Code, I definitely would have appreciated this book more.
 Anti-matter, jet planes that fly from the USA to Europe in an hour, and a dead Pope - quick Mister Scott, beam me up! Honestly, I really wanted to like this book. Other books I have listened to by Dan Brown have been a hoot - with well written, tight plots.  But this book (for me) was a confused state of affairs. I guess some folks could buy into anti-matter, a plot to blow up the Vatican, a centuries old secret society run by "Arab" bad guys (Arabs being easy targets these days) and all manner of cabals in the Papal hierarchy. But when the hero is a 30-40 something college professor who turns out to be a cross between a comic book superhero and James Bond, I checked out. The guy gets shot at, drowned, and thrown out of a helicopter a mile in the air without a parachute and he still saves the day and gets the girl. And, to make matters worse, I figured out the ending by disk 3 and suffered through the soggy wrapup on disk 6.  If I hadn't been driving across a landscape that was less exciting, I might have flipped off the CD. Maybe the unabridged version is better? For me, this one was just too silly to be believed. If you want to read good Sci-fi - try Jack Finney's Time and Again.
 I must admit that picking up ANGELS AND DEMONS after reading THE DA VINCI CODE presented Dan Brown with the unenviable task of great expectations for this reviewer.  While DA VINCI still garners disparate reviews, it is a very well told story. In any event, with the bar set so high, A&amp;D had a veritable mountain to climb. While plausibility comes into serious play at the book's climax, the storyline and style crescendos were fabulous...this seems to be a quality Dan Brown enjoys to his benefit.<br/>For those who have read these books in reverse order (like me), the reader is reintroduced to Robert Langdon, the Harvard symbologist and hero of DA VINCI. The shrill ring of his telephone awakens Langdon in the wee hours of the morning only to be slapped with what Langdon feels is a prank call. As he has his morning tea, he receives a fax with a symbol; a symbol that chills his blood and makes him realize the earlier phone call was anything but a prank.<br/>A little known albeit preeminent physicist, Leonardo Vetra, is on a laser-focused mission to bridge the omnipresent chasm between science and religion. As a senior resident physicist at Switzerland's renowned Consiel European pour la Recherché Nucleaire (CERN), Vetra, also a closeted Catholic priest, has discovered how to produce antimatter, considered the most powerful element known to man (think of Star Trek). However, before he has completed his investigation and research into its appropriate use, Vetra is found murdered in his own apartment on the CERN campus. CERN's emotionless director, Max Kohler, has called on Langdon as Vetra's body has been mutilated and branded, branded with the ancient and esoteric symbol of the Illuminati.<br/>As Langdon attempts to piece together this bizarre and macabre scene, he meets Vetra's daughter, Vittoria, also a CERN scientist. Vittoria, grief-stricken yet determined to find her father's killer, informs Langdon and Kohler of the antimatter experiments only to find that a larger container of antimatter is missing. The killer has somehow gained entrance into the bowels of CERN in the super secure facility where the Vetras were performing their antimatter experiments. The killer, ostensibly a member of the Illuminati, has left a message claiming that he deposited the antimatter somewhere within Vatican City, where the cardinals have gathered to select a new pope to replace the recently deceased pope. Vittoria explains that the stolen sample will not only eradicate all of Vatican City but a great portion of Rome itself! Langdon and Vittoria make their way to Rome in an effort to divine their way to the killer, recover the antimatter, and save a great part of the Catholic priesthood.<br/>While A&amp;D has a heady plot, Brown provides well-described explanations of the symbology, science, and religious overtones. Short of being a religious scholar, it is difficult for the layperson to discern fact from fiction however, Brown provides credible detail leading the reader to believe the veracity of the presented "facts." As with DA VINCI, Brown weaves "fact" and fiction in a wonderful blend designed to thrill and shock. Brown then develops further credibility by describing and, at the beginning of the book, mapping, much of the historical detail. For instance, the protocol, practice, and history involved in the selecting a new pope is explained in painful yet readable detail. And, to ensure the dark side receives its due, Brown details the somewhat nefarious brotherhood of the Illuminati.<br/>While certain visuals in the climax left me somewhat dubious, Brown has crafted yet another powerful yet controversial novel sure to whet the appetites of many. A very good read and certainly recommended.
 I can't believe no one else has taken the time to review this book!  I guess Brown's _The DaVinci Code_ is getting all the attention.<br/>_Angels and Demons_ marks the first appearance of Robert Langdon, Brown's handsome yet unassuming Harvard professor of religious symbology.  Very much as in _The DaVinci Code_, in the first chapter he is awakened at an early hour by a person requiring his attendance at a murder scene where an arcane symbol is prominently involved.  The victim is a physicist at a major Swiss science laboratory.  Langdon realises that the symbol signifies the re-emergence of a secret society, and when the murdered physicist's adopted daughter discovers that the material result of their latest research--a potentially powerful weapon--has been stolen, the chase is on to trace the conspiracy and stop the society's schemes.<br/>A&amp;D is obviously a rehearsal for _The DaVinci Code_.  From characters to plot structure to action, most of the two books are utterly interchangeable.  As in TDVC, we have Langdon wandering around without having had any sleep (maybe that's what causes his leaps of inspiration), lecturing on secret societies and hidden symbolism while decrying conspiracy theorists, acompanied by a beautiful and brilliant woman who just happens to have been related to the murder victim.  The secret society are the bad guys in this case and the crisis has material consequences rather than purely spiritual ones.  But we're still tackling the question of the Christian (specifically, Roman Catholic) Church's influence on modern thought.  It's just that the framework in A&amp;D is less volatile.<br/>I have a problem with Brown's hysterical tone.  Again, he starts the book with a page of "facts," which ends with the assurance that this secret society truly exists.  This sets the book up to be read as some kind of expose--fictionalized, perhaps, to protect the writer, who has gone out on a limb--rather than straight fiction.  I find this extremely exasperating, a demagogic technique meant to rope in readers, and influence them to take the book more seriously than it merits.  And I found that Brown's emphasis on facts really got in the way of a key point of this book.  Early on, he asserts that the mysterious symbol that is the key to all this has been lost for four-hundred years and no artist, not even a sophisticated computer, has ever been able to re-create it.  Yet the symbol, as well as five others similar to it, is RIGHT THERE on the page.  That completely shattered MY suspension of disbelief, I'll tell you.  I might have been able to let it go had Brown dropped the matter, but every time a new symbol appeared he insisted on reiterating how these had been lost and NO ONE was able to produce them except the secret cult involved.  Sigh.  I thought that was really bad form.<br/>Compared to TDVC, there is a greater balance in A&amp;D between exposition and action.  There still isn't much character development, however.  So if you're looking to learn more about Mr. Langdon, you won't find it.  There was a clever twist at the end that, although not completely unexpected, brought the book above the level of the utterly predictable.  All in all, I found myself enjoying _Angels and Demons_ more than I did _The DaVinci Code_, partly because it was less sensational and partly because the story was simply more interesting.  But I still think there's a lot more hype about Dan Brown than his writing really deserves.
 If I had read this book before reading The DaVinci Code I may have liked it better.  Don't get me wrong, the plot is definately original and interesting, but it lacks a certain amount of excitement and the characters aren't nearly as well-developed as in DaVinci.  The idea of the Illuminati was intriguing, and much like The DaVinci Code the author has certainly done his homework on the hisotry of the secret society and their supposed current incarnations, but unlike DaVinci the novel reads more like an art history lesson and a poor man's travelogue of Rome.  Moreover, the characters are also a little too stereotypical and over the top. I mean, if the Vatican was in the middle of a possible nuclear nightmare, would the Swiss Guard be that obsessed with the fact that Vittoria Vetra was wearing shorts in the Vatican?  Not being a Catholic, having little understanding of Vatican poltics, and never having actually been to the Vatican maybe so.  There were interesting aspects to the novel:  the aforementioned Illuminati history, the inner workings of the Vaitcan, and the background on CERN.  But when it gets right down to it, Angels and Demons just isn't as good as its more famous follow-up.
 Like many readers of Angels and Demons, I'm curious as to why this novel had to sit in the backwaters of the book sales lists until after it's sequel The Da Vinci Code was discovered.  In many ways this is a superior read; a breakneck pace, more fully developed characters, though perhaps a lesser degree of plausibility.<br/><br/>If you forget that A &amp; D came first, you might suspect (as I did) in the early going that Dan Brown was following his Da Vinci formula - Harvard educator and symbologist Robert Landon is rousted by a late night phone call that brings him into the middle of a millennially long conspiracy (propagated by another secret society) that is laid open by a shocking murder.  But this mystery is far more complex than it's successor.<br/><br/>The secret society in this case is the Illuminati, allegedly founded by Galileo and his supporters as a science-based foe of the Catholic Church.  With the gruesome murder and mutilation of scientist Leonardo Vetra, the threat to the Vatican (and others) becomes all too evident.  As a scholar and authority on the Illuminati, Langdon's help is requested by the victim's research consortium.  Solving the murder might be sufficient, however there is the issue of some missing antimatter.  And if that's not enough, the antimatter, with it's mega-nuclear destructive power is hidden somewhere in or below the Vatican.  And by the way, it's likely to detonate during a Papal Conclave, destroying Vatican City and a considerable portion of Rome in the process.<br/><br/>Langdon is assisted in his chase by the beautiful and brilliant Vittoria Vetra (daughter and research partner of the murder victim).  No, she really didn't have to be beautiful, but then aren't the protagonists of every major thriller supposed to be some form of eye candy?  Note to Central Casting, how about Harrison Ford and Angelina Jolie for the movie?<br/><br/>The Illuminati's hired killer is also a sincerely kinky sort, who adds even greater tension to his obvious menace.  And then there is also an authoritarian wheelchair-bound scientist, a collection of Vatican officials and Swiss Guards who take turns helping and/or hindering the investigation, constantly leaving the reader to wonder who the real conspirators are.<br/><br/>It all makes for a memorable read. the plot hurdles along from chapter to chapter, rarely slowing down enough to allow the reader a decent break.  You won't be disappointed that you picked this book up, nor you willingly put it down until you reach the final page.
 Before I get into this book, keep in mind that it is afterall, a work of fiction, so complaints on the historical accuracy of certain aspects of the story seem quite out of place in some reviews. If Dan Brown were writing a textbook however, I could see some people having issues with that, but this is pure fantasy. I will also try to avoid giving away story information for those who have not read the book yet.<br/>Dan Brown is a master of his genre, and one of his greatest strengths is the realism conveyed throughout his adventures. Extensive historical research and the use of real locations, organizations, corporations, and technology make the exploits of lead character John Langdon all the more convincing, unlike the larger-than-life super vilans and heros found in an Ian Fleming novel for example (which I also happen to enjoy fully).<br/>Some reviewers attack the style in which the chapters jump around from time to time leading to many cliffhangers. I have to disagree. Many authors take too long to build up the excitement in the story or follow a predictable path. The twists and turns from chapter to chapter in Dan Brown's stories keep the reader rivited to the pages, inviting them to read on and on, much like a classic pulp serial. This also allows the reader to experience multiple simultaneous events within the overall story, much like a well executed screenplay, providing a real time feel.<br/>I also disagree that there is little character build up. Brown reveals more and more about each character as the story builds. You learn why John Langdon hates small confined spaces and understand more of his quirks and imperfections as you read along, without losing the pace of the adventure. Just because Brown doesn't spend a few chapters at the start of the story to introduce you to the character outright is hardly a flaw, it is just a style choice, and one that works very well here. Suspense is the key to Dan Brown's writing. While you can readily identify that there are two major groups waging a battle (again, I'm being vague as to not give anything away) you have a hard time determining who is on what side. Plenty of red herrings throughout make the end even more exciting.<br/>Angels &amp; Demons is an addicting read that you will be hard pressed to put down. In fact, it is best read when you have some time on your hands since you may find yourself refusing to stop at the next chapter in order to go out or turn in for the night. Compared to The Da Vinci Code, this adventure is on the scale of a James Bond story (i.e. the size of the threat and the technology involved is much grander than the second book). John Langon is anything but 007, in fact, he's not even Indiana Jones. While he is a well known professor in his field, his biggest adventures usually involve teaching sleepy college students and swimming countless laps in the pool. He just happens to unknowingly fall into an "action hero need to save the world" type of scenario. That is what makes the character more fun to read. Clearly, Langdon is in way over his head, scared, and ill prepared for what he finds himself up against. Yet, it is through his brilliant thinking, and not his physical bumbling, that makes Langdon more human, and thus more entertaining.<br/>If you like classic adventure stories in which you can't stop reading, Angels &amp; Demons and The Da Vinci Code are perfect. Most of the books I read fall into the mystery / pulp genre (The Saint, The Shadow, Ellery Queen, Agatha Christie) and while Brown's stories are set in the present day, I find they have a similar feel to the classics mentioned above. In fact, I found it a perfect fit that Doubleday published the book, as they have led the way in classic mystery and adventure novels since the early 1930s. I am looking forward to the next John Langdon adventure, which will be set in Washington D.C. involving The Masons.
 Yah, sad, isn't it.  Why do all the women have to be so beautiful?  Vittoria's beauty was irrelevant to the plot.  All these beautiful people in books just makes me want to crawl under a rock sometimes...  :-)<br/>Now, I'm a little annoyed with a couple things in this book.  First of all, if they were travelling at mach 15, and Geneva is only 3600 miles from Boston, it wouldn't have taken an hour.  Secondly, if Vittoria is such a smart physicist, why should Langdon be surprised that she knows that 503 in Roman numerals is DIII?  Or don't they teach that stuff at school any more???  Ugh!  Granted that I'm a mathematician, but still !!!  I found those little errors to be extremely distracting to me.  (I hate to admit it, but I spent half an hour complaining to my neighbour!)  But I guess it didn't bother others too much.<br/>Now, I did appreciate the reference to Star Trek, since I'm a trekkie, but surely more people have heard of anti-matter than the book seems to imply?  Or is Langdon a person with such narrow interests that he only sticks to his own little field?  In this day and age?  I don't think that's too realistic.  Or maybe it is, but you wouldn't want a major charactor like that, would you?  Look, I'm a mathematician, but I'm also interested in languages, cooking, music, literature, etc.  I don't claim expertise, but the point is that there's a wide variety of things I'm interested in and read about.  So I'd expect a Harvard professor to be more catholic in his interests.  (Yes, pun intended...  :-)  catholic in the sense of broadnesss....)<br/>And might I also point out that not all scientists find it hard to have a place in their hearts for religion.<br/>But I will say that on the whole at least the action is entertaining, and certainly very fast paced.  Should be a good movie....  (Maybe that's the problem.  Seems like these days so many authors write with movie scenes in mind....  Some of the details that bother me may well not show up in a movie.)
 I work at one of the big chain bookstores, and literally every other customer who comes to the register nowadays has a Dan Brown book in his or her hands.  It's almost rediculous.  I think we've sold more copies of THE DA VINCI CODE this last month than Taco Bell has sold tacos.<br/>So I found myself wanting to see what all the fuss was about.<br/>From all of the enthusiastic customers talking about the books at the register, I knew that ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is the Robert Langdon novel that comes before DA VINCI (and since it's already in paperback, I decided to start with it).<br/>So, now that I've finally read a Dan Brown book, do I know what all the fuss is about?<br/>Yes and no.  ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is a fun read.  It's fast-paced, and highly cinematic in terms of plot and structure.  It touches superficially on some compelling science vs. religion themes, but it ultimately doesn't demand much emotional or intellectual involvement from the reader.  It's kind like a roller-coaster where all you have to do is sit down and strap yourself in and the ride takes care of the rest.<br/>The weakness of Brown's characters was probably the most disappointing part for me.  I'm willing to suspend my disbelief quite a ways as long as I feel real human eyes when I'm doing it.  ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is light on nuance and subtlety of character and heavy on stereotypes and broad exaggerations.<br/>Brown made it just about impossible for me to like his protagonist somewhere near the beginning of the book when he described Robert Langdon point blank as a smart, handsome, athletic, well-liked guy.  Whenever a writer tells you should like his character, rather than drawing you into making that conclusion on your own, you know you're in trouble.<br/>But, still, despite the fact that I found most of the characters highly annoying, there was so little character work in the book, that I was able to just think of them as game pieces and enjoy the ride.<br/>It doesn't make Clue any less fun, for instance, because you're not emotionally attached to Col. Mustard.<br/>But I guess with a book, you tend to expect more.  That's why I feel conflicted about ANGELS &amp; DEMONS.  It's fun, but it's not much more.
 Before he penned the "Da Vinci Code," Dan Brown gave us "Angels &amp; Demons" introducing us to renowned Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon and taking us on a reading adventure that will send chills down your spine at the realism of his narrative. Langdon is summoned to a Swiss research facility to analyze the symbol branded into the chest of a murdered physicist. Missing is a weapon with unimaginable and virtually untested power and clue after clue uncovers an ages-old vendetta against the Catholic Church by a centuries old organization the `Illuminatti.' In a plot rife with murder, Langdon and mysterious scientist Vittoria Vetra travel to Rome intent on finding the bomb instead they must first discover who is killing religious leaders in line to become the next Pope. Brown's talented writing will have you wondering if his narrative is fact or fiction. The twists and curves in Brown's tale will have you guessing who is good and who is evil from page one through to the final conclusion. Brown is a master at religious thrillers and once you read one of his novels you will become a true fan of his memorable writing.<br/>Beverly J Scott, author of Righteous Revenge and Ruth Fever<br/> ...]
 This is the third Dan Brown novel I read. I read Deception Point and Digital Fortress first, which were technological thrillers rather than religous. I thought the change of focus might provide a nice change from what people describe as Dan Brown's recipe for a novel. I was partly right, but mostly wrong.<br/><br/>Having read two of his books already, I found that it was pretty easy to work out who were the good and bad guys fairly quickly, although the author did manage to prevent me from identifying the antagonist specifically. Rather, he gave me a choice of a few, and then sprinkled in some clues here and there to help lead me toward one or the other. The delicate walk down the path to revealing the final plot twists was indeed executed with much more skill in this book.<br/><br/>Having said that, the Dan Brown recipe remains intact in this book, though I suppose one might say he's simply mastering his technique. Typically, I think Dan Brown crosses the line by intentionally misleading the reader with respect to character motivations and intent. He meaningfully writes in detail about the internal thoughts of his characters, yet they are presented out of context in such a way that you will be most likely to misinterpret their motivations. In this novel, he does a slightly better job of not lying about character motivations, though there are still some frustrating elements of misdirection present. I suppose that this is a matter of personal preference. I would rather read about what a character does and says, then make my own inferences about intent. Some prefer the author to reveal slowly the character's thought process, uncovering at each turn more detail that speaks to motivation.<br/><br/>Whichever you prefer, this is a fun adventure to read about. I recommend that you review the little map of Vatican City and Rome as you finish every few chapters. It provided me with some valuable insight as I read on, especially in the second half of the book.
 Happening in just about 24 hours, `Angels and Demons' packs more action into 569 pages than is humanly possible.  Yet, after completing the book, none of it seems ludicrous; all the neoclassical unities of time, place, and action are fulfilled in a realistic manner.  As in Brown's `The DaVinci Code' (the action in `Angels and Demons' precedes that book), the protagonist is Robert Langdon, an academic symbologist who is called upon to solve a murder: a Catholic priest-scientist who is branded on the chest with a cryptic symbol reminiscent of the Illuminati, a group of anti-religious fanatics.  Langdon is joined by the priest-scientist's adopted daughter, Vittoria, who worked closely with her father in the development of anti-matter, a substance with limitless possibilities.  When Langdon and Vittoria discover that some of the anti-matter has been stolen, and possibly taken to the Vatican to destroy it, off they go, and within a few hours are embroiled in Vatican politics: it's time to elect a new pope, and the four leading candidates have been kidnapped.  The only way to stop the destruction of the Vatican, find the missing cardinals before they are murdered, and literally save the day, is for Langdon to figure out, with the help of Galileo's `Diagramma' (annotated by Milton) where the papal candidates are before they are murdered by the Illuminati.  To say more would spoil all the twists and turns of the plot.  However, it is appropriate to add that Langdon is no superhero with all the answers: he is a very human, flawed protagonist and doesn't always get it right the first time.  There's a huge twist at the end that a reader will know is coming, but the details and the climax are still riveting.  This is just as good as the better known `DaVinci Code', and I think even more exciting.
 AFTER A BRUTAL MURDER and robbery of a canister of highly explosive material called antimatter in an elite Swiss science complex, American symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to save the day. Langdon soon finds himself in a war zone with a medieval cult called the Illuminati, a nefarious bunch hell bent on wiping out the Roman Catholic Church. With the stolen antimatter (as powerful as a small atom bomb) tied to a countdown clock somewhere inside the Vatican, and cardinals being horribly sacrificed left, right, and center, Langdon and a beautiful lady scientist try to figure out who, why and where. Penned before Da Vinci Code, this Dan Brown novel shares many traits with the latter: stories about religious art, history, catacombs, sarcophagi. While it might lack some of the literary sharpness of Da Vinci Code, this is a much livelier story with better twists and a smarter conclusion. For the positives: fast page-turner, makes you wonder what is true and what is fiction. The negatives: sometimes hokey; several out of character ploys obviously penned to drive the story forward despite being completely illogical.  Notwithstanding my last comment, "Angels and Demons" deserves a very stout thumbs up, five stars, salutes, banners et al.  Reviewd by David Marsh of Seachest books.
 The beginning of the book started to fly at first, but then it slowed down so that the reader can set a base of understanding for future reference.  The book flows quite well and is surprisingly intense at times.  All in all, it was a satisfying book that seemed to be credible for the imaginative minds.<br/>Robert Langdon, Harvard University professor and symbologist, is called on the phone by a mysterious man known as Maximillian Kohler.  Kohler is the director of a huge scientifc facility called CERN, where only the brightest and most intelligent scientists, young and old, attend.  After one of Kohler's top scientists gets murdered, he provides Langdon with a startling picture through a fax.  It's an ambrigram symbol of the famed anti-Catholoc cult known as the Illumanati!  The ambrigram was burned into the chest of the murdered scientist, saying Illumanati.  (An ambrigram is a word where if you look at it regularly, then turn it upsidedown, it looked exactly the same)  This particular group was well known to have existed over a century ago, but has now resurfaced.  Why?  Perhaps to avenge the Catholic church and what it has done to discredit science in past times.  THe Illumanati are also infamous to infiltration.  Could Galilio been Illumatatus?  Gianlorenzo Bernini?  Renowned Poet John Milton?  The Illumanati has recovered a dangerous new breakthrough in science known as antimatter. Antimatter is more explosive than a nuclear bomb!  Somewhere in Rome, they have placed a canister of this antimatter which will explode at midnight!<br/>  Robert Langdon, accompanied by Vittoria Vetra, the daughter of the scientist who was murdered and co-inventor of antimatter, must work with Rome's highest officials and the Swiss Guard to find this antimatter.  The Illumanati make it even more difficult as they kidnap 4 cardinals who were suppose to be attending conclave due to the recent death of the Pope!  What will they do to these men of God?  Will they find these cardinals and save them AND retrieve the dangerous canister of antimatter all before 12 am?<br/>Neg.--There was not much that I really disliked about this book.  The main reason I took a star off was because of the character Vittoria Vetra and how she developed.  In the beginning, she seems to be presented as a strong-willed woman with high moral values.  She started off more known as a woman with wits.  Her wit seemed to fade slowly as the book progressed and that is what I was slightly confused by.<br/>Pos.--I loved this book overall.  It was a fantastic book full of suspense.  And of course, it related to a controversial topic based around Science vs Religion.  Dan Brown put together a brilliant novel I would strongly recommend to readers who love suspense and thrill rides.  It was obvious that there was heavy thought and research put into this book in order to further the reality concept it brought to it, although obviously a fictional book.  I would not mind reading this book over again, either.  I could see it as a great film, too!
 I have to say that I enjoyed reading the reviews of this book (I read the previous 70) as much as the book itself.  As is usually the case, the most fun were the negative lengthier reviews.  Throughout "Angels and Demons," I just tried to expel my disbelief ("suspend" was just not enough) and hold on for the ride.  Dan Brown gives us more twists and turns then the rollercoasters of Six Flags.<br/><br/>Let's meet the cast of characters.  First there's Robert Langdon, part Indiana Jones, part James Bond (think of the beginning sequence of "Moonraker"), part humble nerdy Harvard professor, who, of course, gets the pretty brilliant female marine biologist at the end (George Costanza she is not).  Robert is not only proficient in symbology and ancient cults, but also has at his fingertips intimate knowlege of Renaissance Italian artworks, the architecture of the Vatican, and the ability to use a small piece of tarp to guide him safely, without a parachute, from a high-flying helicopter into a river.  Oh yeah, and he's something of an escape artist.<br/><br/>Then there's beautiful brilliant "lithe" Vittoria Vestra, with her tight fitting shorts.  Any knowledge that Robert might not possess, Vittoria thankfully fills in (what a Trivial Pursuit team these two would make!).  Vittoria, adopted and raised by a billiant compassionate physicist/priest, is helping Robert to hunt down his father's vicious killer, presumably a member of the previously thought defunct Illuminati, as well as help Robert retrieve a ticking anti-matter device, that she and her father made, and which is now hidden somewhere in the Vatican.<br/><br/>Next we have the Hassassin, the ruthless Arabic killer with his own agenda.  Here is Max Kohler, the head of CERN - think of a brilliant version of Raymond Burr in Ironside - who may or may not be evil.  Next is the Carmelengo, the now deceased Pope's young assistant - God fearing, brave, and righteous to a fault - or is he?  Finally we have the Vatican itself, the Vatican special forces, the Cardinals (including the four Preferetti - those most likely to be elected the new Pope), secret lairs, ultra-secret lairs, and double secret probation lairs.<br/><br/>Basically, Robert tries to save the kidnapped four Preferetti from being murdered at different secret Illumanati locations, and avert the disaster of the anti-matter device destroying The Vatican.  Who's really behind it all?  Hmm.<br/><br/>Sounds sort of ridiculous right?  It may be, but Brown's real intention is to get the reader to turn pages and to read past his/her bedtime, and that is definitely accomplished.  Brown's writing talents are above average for the thriller genre.  Sometimes though, you roll your eyes like when he ends many short chapters with a cliff-hanger and writes something like "Robert hoped Vittoria was still alive, but if he had known where she was, he would have felt otherwise."  There are many such examples.<br/><br/>Some other comments:  First, I would think that with these kind of circumstances, half the Italian police force, with assistance from numerous other countries around the globe, would become involved (remember the attempted assassination on John Paul II?).  Thousands (if not tens of thousands) of law enforcement officials might actually have a better chance of capturing the enemy then poor Robert running around in his tweed jacket.<br/><br/>Second, I kind of liked the "second" ending.  I thought that if the "first" ending were the true one, one would have to conclude that the pursuit of science is amoral at best and immoral at worst, and must be "contained" by religion.  (In my humble opinion, the real struggle is not between "science" and "religion" per se, but rather between rationality and the desire to advance, as opposed to extremism and the desire to be bound by the writings of a one ancient text or another).<br/><br/>In any event, I have started reading the "Da Vinci Code," which, so far, seems to be pretty much the same book.  Oh well, I'll be finished with it in a few days.
 This book is unbelievable, and not in the good ways.  Like all Dan Brown's books, it's smart, there are clues to solve, and it's fun to read.  But also like many of his books, he crosses the line of reality too often.  Specifically:<br/>- Time. The hero has 1 hour to solve each riddle to find the next murder scene.  It's a nice setup, but the amount of work involved in solving each puzzle doesn't line up with reality, unless the guy is able to freeze time.  He's running across Rome, through secret Vatican tunnels, scanning hundreds of books, thinking, consulting with security, etc.  It's just not possible to do all this within the time allowed.<br/>- Death defying. The hero has way too many brushes with death.  More than once, the bad guy "kills" the hero and actually watches him die.  Then you find out he really didn't die because of XYZ.  This happens in a lot of books, and it's ok to let it slide.  But in this book, it happens multiple times.  After a while, it's embarrassing.<br/>- Plot holes.  The evil mastermind is no surprise.  In fact, as a reader, he's really the only character you'd suspect.  But the reasoning for why he did the bad things he did, and the slim margin for error he allowed himself, doesn't make sense when you consider the entire plot.  The ticking bomb actually explodes when the batteries run out.  I find it hard to believe that anyone (even an evil mastermind) can pinpoint exactly when a battery will run out.  But the bad guy times his climatic scene down to the second of the bomb detonation.<br/>- Fatherhood.  There are two different priests that have children in this book, with one of the scenarios being extremely silly and way too convenient to the plot.<br/>- The ending.  The last 150 pages or so takes all of the above weaknesses of the book and magnifies them exponentially.  By then, it's comical to read instead of being suspenseful.
 Robert Langdon a Harvard symbologist is woken in the middle of the night by a phone call that is going to change his life.  This phone call may also change our lives.<br/><br/>Dan Brown weaves many story threads in to a tapestry of intrigue. The story takes place over a 24-hour period.  A positive thing about this tale is that it is told in a linear fashion with very few flashbacks except when it is necessary for a back-story.  In this story he treats Robert Langdon's character as if Langdon is not aware of many, well known technical items and theories; this may be true of Robert Langdon, but Dan Brown also irritatingly treats us as if we do not know these things!<br/><br/>On the surface, we are treated to a "who did it" and "will we get there in time" story.  We must separate the goats from the sheep. However, we are also confronted with science versus religion.  Is science and religion like oil and water or is science and religion just two of the facets of God?<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code-A-Novel-by-Dan-Brown/dp/B000FA675C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code: A Novel by Dan Brown</a>
 When a murder-mystery fiction involving the Illuminati and the Catholic Church become fantastical in the sense of impossible physics and soap-opera drama involving a mad priest and his lost parent, one has to wonder at the mind of Dan Brown, who had written, up to that point, a rather engaging and eloquent, not to mention passionate, prose on peace and conflict. I had to stop reading at verify that I was reading the same book.<br/><br/>I recognize that as something like a changeover, where it leaves everyone confused and scratching their heads, not knowing what's going on anymore.<br/><br/>The story is good. Its plea for the kidnapped cardinals was very moving. The idea of using your heart, rather than using cold, rational logic, was--while not a novel idea--a nice contrast in a sea of technical descriptions of antimatter and futuristic airplanes. We learn quite a bit about Robert Langdon, we learn to empathize, and identify with his character. But the narrative, the omnipotent 3rd person, seemed too knowing, almost condescending in its tone, slightly exasperated that the readers are in the dark as the rest of the characters.<br/><br/>Still, it's a good read, very engaging.
 Don't plan to do anything else but read, when you start Dan Brown's Angels &amp; Demons.  If I could give it more than five stars I would.  I usually read for a half hour or hour at bedtime, but this book was so intriguing that I devoured it in a day and a long night - literally could not come up for air.  (sorry about the cliches, but they really fit this book!) The loss of sleep was worth it.  Brown's research into the Vatican, physics, the science-religion debate, churches and architecture and statues in Rome, and the Illuminati was really intricate, and made the book seem very realistic.  I do not like books with a religious theme or sub-theme, as they tend to be preachy.  However, here Brown raised various sides of issues that really got my mind engaged.  The science-religion issues were essential to the book and seamlessly interwoven with the thrilling chase through the Vatican and Rome to find the killer and stop the anti-matter explosion.  Brown put lots of twists in the book - some were easy to anticipate, but the obvious isn't always correct. Each time I thought the book had reached its climax something new happened and it kept going.  If you don't like too much violence (I don't), you may be turned off by the first chapter - but stick it out - there are only a few graphic parts, and Brown doesn't stretch them out too much.  The book was full of tension, and I was delighted at the end to crack up laughing out loud at a line that was totally unexpected and helped bring me back to reality. Be sure to allow yourself plenty of uninterrupted time for this one, because you may find it hard to put down!
 Rather than shell out goodbucks for DaVinci Code, I decided to sample Mr. Brown in softcover first. Now I can understand, more or less, why "Code" has taken the bestseller list by storm. If it's like "Angels &amp; Demons", it isn't worth the adulation it's received, but it's pure fun to read. A beautifully paced thriller, with so many things going on (all but the kitchen sink: multiple secrete societies, geometric and alphabetic and architectural conundrums, particle physics and Renaissance history, secret tunnels and public corpses, all with a papal election and - hmm, is that a cherry on top?) that your head will be turning faster than the pages. That Brown keeps all these dancers twirling on the same stage without losing the beat bespeaks an impressive skill.<br/>Plus, enough of the subthemes (that architecture, those quickie physics lessons in the CERN basement) have a tincture of the intellectual about them to add considerable snob appeal to the mix. Brown doesn't quite get the physics right, which makes me wonder how far to trust some of his other intellectually dazzling bits. But I sure *felt* smarter reading about them! And why complain, so long as us customers leave feeling satisfied? I also got irritated every now and then by whiffs, sometimes more and sometimes less gentle, of anti-Catholicism. But then, I'm a Protestant; I'd guess most Catholics would be used to this sort of thing and take it in stride; and it certainly didn't add up to outright hostility.<br/>Conclusion: I will read DaVinci Code, but I'm more than content to wait for the paperback.<br/>So take it to the beach, by all means. And be prepared to stay up so late you miss your morning swim the next day. Just don't expect anything like a religious experience out of it.
 This is the first book featuring Robert Langdon, the hero of the super-bestseller "The DaVinci Code", and, in my opinion a kind of Indiana Jones for the 21st century.<br/>In this book Robert is faced with the gristly murders, supposedly commited by Illuminati. And Robert dashes around Rome in a race against time to save Vatican which is literally sitting on a bomb.<br/>This novel has as much information input as the DaVinci Code, but far more action. The pace is good, but sometimes I found that a change from a shoot-out to a lecture on Michelangelo is a little disorienting and somehow stretches suspension of diesbelief ... also the final part of the novel seem to feature a plot turn for every page.<br/>This is a good novel, but the plot is a bit too complex for its own good.<br/>Seems like mr.Brown didn't trust the intellectual discoveries to be interesting enough to keep the reader, so he put in enough action to satisfy a James Bond fan.<br/>A minor point - there is a SPLENDID UK cover for this book with a great logo for the title (which nicely ties in with the Illuminati theme within) Go to the amazon-uk and at least look at it ...
 I may not have read The Da Vinci Code yet, but I have seen a few TV specials with titles like "Is The Da Vinci Code Real?"  (The answer: no.)  I wanted to read Angels &amp; Demons first to keep in order.  Now that I've read it, I think I know what to expect from its more-famous sequel.<br/><br/>On the good side, Angels &amp; Demons starts-off at a gallop and doesn't ease up as it races breathlessly towards its conclusion.  The events in the book only take about twenty-four hours, plus a couple of millennia of backstory.  In a nutshell: an ancient secret society resurfaces with a plan to destroy the Roman Catholic Church and it is up to one man - Harvard Professor, Robert Langdon - and his beautiful bio-entanglement physicist (aren't they all?) sidekick can stop them.  If you think that this sounds like a James Bond movie, it reads like one.  This is not necessarily a bad thing - the novel is paced so furiously, you'll find yourself reading on the edge of your seat, unwilling to stop even for meal breaks.  Along the way, Brown peppers his novel with plenty of science, history, and conspiracy theory to keep you riveted.<br/><br/>On the other hand, this is never going to be considered a literary novel.  Brown doesn't let clichés slow him down as he tells his story.  The characters are two-dimensional and we know many of the stops along the way from watching countless action movies.  There are reversals, and counter-reversals, and counter-counter-reversals.  Robert Langdon starts out as a professor, and ends up as MacGyver.  All along the way, you know you are being manipulated, but that is only part of the territory.<br/><br/>I know enough from The Da Vinci Code controversy to take the supposed "facts" in the book with a grain of salt.  I did a little research - aided by the invaluable U.S. News &amp; World Report issue - Secrets of Angels &amp; Demons - to find out exactly what is true in the novel.  The answer is: surprisingly little.  Even the background information - presented as fact - which the casual reader might feel justified in believing, is false.  The Illuminati were founded in 1776 and disbanded shortly afterwards - long after the time of Galileo.  Yet Langdon presents Galileo's involvement as common knowledge.  His description of them as a "Satanic cult" is also off base.  The history of the Hassassin's society is also fictionalized.  CERN is a real place, but Brown takes a lot of creative license with the anti-matter plot.  And as for the possibility of the helicopter escape...right.<br/><br/>Still, it is fun read and interests me enough to pursue The Da Vinci Code.
 Robert Langdon, the Harvard professor who is also the main character in The Da Vinci Code, is asked by the director of CERN, to help solve the murder of one of its scientists, an Italian priest annex physics wizard who is found dead with an eye missing and a mysterious symbol branded on his chest. At the same time a new technology that may lead to widespread destruction is stolen from CERN. Together with the adopted daughter of the priest Robert travels to Rome to try and solve the riddle that involves the infamous Illuminati brotherhood, a secret society seeking to destroy the Roman Catholic Church. Right at that moment the cardinals of the church are trying to elect a new pope and Robert and Vittoria chase the murderer around Rome in a race against the clock to prevent the annihilation of Vatican City. But all is not what it seems to be and the main danger comes from within Vatican City...<br/><br/>This book again contains the themes that made Dan Brown world famous: secret codes, ancient brotherhoods and a serious threat to mankind and its institutions. Not as good as the Da Vinci Code, but still a nice book to read that never gets dull.
 This book was a lot of fun to read. . . mostly.  I looked forward to picking it up each sitting.  It was quasi-educational in that it contained a lot of interesting qualitative, if not exact, information on various things mystical, religious, historical-geographical, etc.  There was non-stop exciting action which the protaginast usually got into and/or out of through extreme stretches of credulity.  This liberty was often taken a little too far and the skin of the teeth escapes a few too many.<br/><br/>It closed with a fizzle.  Unbelievable feats of acrobatics and chance.  All too contrived.  And for the easily offended . . . Brown assassinates the sanctity and dignity of the Catholic Church (I'm not Catholic), and, debunks any serious belief in the existence of an "Illuminati" or similar secret conspiratorial network.<br/><br/>So --- mostly a fun read but not what you'd consider source material for the serious consideration of history, theology, or physics.  Dan Brown should NOT be your go to guy for fundamental spiritual/religious guidance (and this includes his The Da Vinci Code).
 "Angels &amp; Demons," by Dan Brown, NY, Pocket Star Books, 2001  ISBN  0-671-02736-0 (PB), 569 pg., author of prior best-selling novels.  Brown renders a suspense novel using the main characters of Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon and the brilliant, single but enigmatic scientist Vittoria Vetra, our same Langdon starring in "The Da Vinci Code".  So yes, there are rampant maniacal  killings cleverly planned by a resurgent undergound Brotherhood, long considered vanished, and known as the Illuminata whose mission is to destroy Catholicism by targeting the Pope and  Religiose, 165 Cardinals who must gather to elect new Papal authority.<br/><br/>Langdon is first called to Switzerland's CERN but then departs to Rome, convinced he is morally obligated to provide his academic symbological expertise to help solve the worst of impious assassinations by unraveling clues that furnish whereabouts of the Illuminati who'll kill by ancient means of Earth, Air, Fire and Water but have now turned to modern nuclear destructive devices.  The intrigues are well played out and finalized with a Hitchcock ending.<br/><br/>Brown's command of technical, romantic, religious, historical and cryptographic matters is expertly handled.  Two inveiglements,  small maps, one of Modern Rome and the other of Vatican City, were teasers and I yearned for more illustrations of places and things detailed in this book.  Comparatively, having just read "Trinity" by Wm. DeNesi and "Alone" by Lisa Gardner, Dan Brown's "Angels &amp; Demons" impels us a step further and despite being drawn-out, I found it not only agreeable to read but left me with a delightful little "buzz" in the brain.  Brown knows his material and in a nutshell, I say "damn but he's good!"  Some Catholics will express their concerns on the matters Vatican, but this is a novel, not a decree.  Hollywood should look at this one.  Read it!
 I listened to the Unabridged Audio Version of Angels and Demons and I was rather disappointed. Don't get me wrong. I really enjoyed DaVinci Code, but this novel read like the exact same book. Lets see: we've got the overly brainy annoying lead character: check. Nubile younger woman: check. Crazed zealot assassin: check. Catholic Conspiracy: check.<br/><br/>Add to this long (and pointless) flashbacks by minor characters, and Robert Langdon's endless preaching and I found myself wishing for the novel to end. I really might be able to enjoy this book, if I actually liked a few of the lead characters. No such luck. The only likeable character was the Pope's assistant. But even he was a stereotype, way too saintly. Lets try for a few human characters rather than such extreme sterotypes, next time shall we?<br/><br/>Also, I could do without the rather heavy-handed preaching in the middle. Okay, okay we get it. Because of Science we are all drowning in a morass of hopelessness without Mother Church. We get it. Can we get back to the action story now?<br/><br/>Eh. 3 stars. This was an okay listen, but I've heard better.
 Like many others, I found this book after racing through "The Da Vinci Code."  I wondered if Dan Brown was a consistent thriller writer, or if he had come up with just one great idea.  The answer is two-fold.<br/>Yes, in "Angels and Demons" Brown shows that he has the chops to write consistently fast-paced thrillers, with intriguing historical tie-ins.  Instead of dealing with the Knights Templar and the Holy Grail, this time he tackles the Illuminati and their anti-religious zeal.  When a scientist is murdered and branded with an ancient anagram, our old friend Robert Langdon is dragged into a serpentine scheme to undermine the foundations of Catholicism.<br/>As always, Brown divvies out his facts and plot twists with perfect timing.  He gives little time to breathe, but offers tidbits of character development that keep us caring about Langdon--even if only on a peripheral level.<br/>Ultimately, though, this book stumbles under its own weight.  It could've ended a hundred pages earlier and been a tighter, more believable novel.  Instead, Brown goes for broke...and leaves us feeling a little over/under-whelmed.  He makes some fascinating arguments for the value of spiritual and moral existence, while also diluting these ideas with pantheistic mumbo-jumbo.<br/>According to the author himself, the next Langdon book will delve into the secrets of the Masons.  I'll be quick to pick up a copy.  I won't be reading it to find out universal truths, but I will love every minute of Brown's superb storytelling fervor.
 This book took of after the success of DA VINCI'S CODE, although it has a similar plot as the previous mentions, it does hold his own precise explendor.  The story is as fast driven as Da Vinci's Code, set this time in Rome, with a different woman as an acompanion, it may sound lame, but it seems that Dan Brown tried to make Langdon look like a erudite James Bond, with differen Langdond girls, funny though is that he saves this girl soul several times.  Although and as always I won't describe the plot, since if you're buying the book you don't want to know the spice of it, this is a similir book to anyone who has read CODE'S, but is more dark, and more cruel, because it does include more deaths, and more history.  One thing is true, as the story of ANGELS AND DEMONS develop, it confuses you more, so you can't tell who is really the bad guy, They're some parts the book sound to pretentious and with a lot of fantasy.  But after all is what keeps the story interesting.  A shure book to read on those long hours at the bath or in sunday lay downs.  It's not boring...but somehow could get kind of intimidating and strong.  ****FOUR STARS
 I read THE DAVINCI CODE before reading this; and while DAVINCI is a book I could not put down, this does not meet that same level of interest.<br/>The main flaw in ANGELS is that, while THE DAVINCI CODE seems wholly plausible and has all the appearance of being well-researched (Brown certainly knows his Opus Dei material), ANGELS can't even get the facts of how a papal conclave is correctly run.  Winston Churchill is said to be a devout Catholic (he was neither), and an easily researched Latin phrase is botched.<br/>All of this reduces the book's credibility.  And it all could have been so easily avoided, if the author had done a little research, such as reading Peter Hebblethwaite or Andrew Greeley on the papal elections of 1978, checking a basic Churchill biography, or doing some research on just who is and who is not eligible to be elected pope (yes, Dan botches this too; the answer is, any male Catholic is eligible for the papacy; he need not be a priest, let alone a cardinal).  Mr. Brown would learn that, upon the death of a pope, the papal apartments are sealed with red tape and a wax seal.  He also gets the layout of the area beneath the floor of St. Peter's Basilica (where recent popes are buried) wrong.  John XXIII, for example, is buried in a tomb that is virtually flush with the floor.  Brown gives us information on papal burial practices that are incorrect also.  Not only are popes not buried in a stone casket with a sliding lid, they are in fact buried in three caskets, one of pine, one of lead, and one of a rich wood.<br/>The plot is thrilling, as I said in my title; but when factual errors permeate virtually every page, it is hard to take such a book seriously.<br/>One thing, though, that ANGELS should prove: Mr. Brown is NOT writing out of a sense of malice against the Church (I suspect some of the criticism against THE DAVINCI CODE is predicated upon this false argument).  Anyone reading ANGELS would reach the exact opposite conclusion.
 In the beginning there was a complete void--utter nothingness.  Then, God created the heaven and the earth and rested on the seventh day.  Or--trillions of molecules slowly came together, and in one "big bang" there was a super explosion;  after billions of years of cooling down, the universe as we know it was formed.<br/><br/>_Angels &amp; Demons_ concerns the eternal battle between those who are certain that anything as glorious as the earth and the solar system could only have been created by a Supreme Being versus those supposedly enlightened folk, scientists, for example, who eschew any religious theories surrounding the creation of the universe.<br/><br/>The book primarily asks what if a bridge could be built between the scientists and the religionists.  What if both agreed there was this utter nothingness in the beginning and that some higher power, God, intervened and allowed matter and anti-matter to combine to create the universe.  The gap between science and religion would disappear.  Spiritual leaders and men and women of technology would work together for the greater good of mankind.<br/><br/>These were the theories of physicist Leonardo Vetra, the inventor of "anti-matter," which had the potential for good or for massive destruction.  Tragically, as he was about to share his secret with the Pope and the world, the man of science was mysteriously and gruesomely murdered, and the man of God supposedly died in his sleep of a stroke.  To compound the tragedy, a number of kidnappings also ensue in the Vatican.  Robert Langdon, an American professor of symbology, is called in to help save the Vatican from certain destruction, supposedly by an ancient, long-vanished, anti-church cult of intellectuals.<br/><br/>This spectacularly riveting novel is set in the Vatican during a conclave of cardinals who will choose the next Pope.  We are taken through a number of splendid works of Vatican architecture--cathedrals, churches, fountains, statues, etc.--by the great Bernini during Langdon's quest.  There are plenty of breathless action sequences in this book, and one particular rescue from the jaws of death that made me shake my head in disbelief.  In fact, we are too often called upon to suspend disbelief in the too facile methods of Langdon's clue-solving.  Nevertheless, _Angels &amp; Demons_ is a definite page turner, and its incendiary, sacrificial conclusion, is, in itself, something definitely not to be missed.
 The adventure described in this book would not have impressed anyone 20 or even 10 years ago.  Today, in a world post millennium countdown, where people have been witness to events like 9/11, the big tsunami in Indonesia, the massive earthquake in Pakistan, sky-rocketing gas prices, etc, etc., a novel that proposes the literal and absolute annihilation of the Vatican and Christianity as we know it is not such a fantastic scenario. I daresay this will probably be the next big event the world will bear witness to. Let's picture it: the Pope is dead (we later learn, not of natural causes, but we all know this is not new for the Vatican, Pope John Paul I died mysteriously just a few days after being elected, to cite but one example).  The College of Cardinals is gathered for Conclave (which is the election of a new Pope), of which 4 "preferiti" are surreptitiously missing, kidnapped by an alleged Islamic terrorist, being killed one by one, on the hour, in the most brutal, public and carnivorous of ways, in key churches of Rome, which placement leads to the layout of the all time famous but never found Illuminati Diamond, figuratively representative of the Earth, Air, Fire and Water, prime elements of this planet.  All of this, for the sake of Truth.  It bears repeating some famous words by Pontius Pilate: "And what is "Truth"?".  Will the Angels and the Demons of our souls cancel each other out as the two opposing properties studied by a scientist in the novel?  Will the confrontation of extreme goodness and extreme evil leave us with an abundance of... nothingness? This is the premise of the novel.<br/><br/>The story is fast-paced - all the action takes place in one day, starting in the wee hours of the morning with a phone call placed by a concerned scientist in Switzerland to Harvard Professor of Symbology Robert Langdon.  It finishes that same day at midnight in St. Peter's Square- when all Hell brakes loose.  I recommend reading it alongside the "Eyewitness Travel Guide: Rome", published by DK Publishing, and then booking a ticket on the next Alitalia flight to the Golden City (because you will want to go as soon as you finish it.)<br/><br/>As dense and intellectual as this novel intends to be, it lacked the capacity to amaze me.  Although I found the references involved in the protagonist's visit to the Vatican archives, the walk along the streets of Rome, and the detailed cultural references fascinating, the book reads like a movie script, and literature that attempts to accommodate high intellectualism to an every day soap opera will fail to be qualified as a work of quality every time.  That being said, I am sure Mr. Brown will pocket quite a few more million when this novel, just like the second installment in the Robert Langdon series, "The Da Vinci Code", makes it to the big screen.  The book is written in a way that any famous Hollywood Director with an ample budget will be able to follow without any challenges.  So even if one does not read the book, one will enjoy the movie, which is all right for the purposes of entertainment, but where does that leave us with the promise of quality literature?<br/><br/>Still, when reading it, may I recommend the "Illustrated Edition", since this book (just like "The Da Vinci Code") has many references to historical, geographical and scientific theories and places, that may, at best, fall through the cracks and, at worse, leave the reader lost in literary limbo.  You should also visit the author's website for further anecdotes on how the novel came to be, his semi-private audience with the Pope, and the creation of the key elements in the story: the ambigrams.
 The Illuminati was a scientific organization founded by Galileo to discuss matters the Church forbade research on. Feared by many and studied by few, they were more secret than any other underground organization in history. Over the centuries, the group faded away.<br/>Or did they?<br/>When famed physicist/priest Leonardo Vetta is found branded with the seal of the Illuminati, it seems like the cult has once again arisen. Vetta's experiment - the largest isolated quantity of antimatter - has been stolen. If not found within 24 hours, it will explode with more energy than any weapon previously built. It is up to Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon and Vetta's adopted daughter Vittoria to find the canister and safely return it to protection.<br/>There's only one catch.<br/>The antimatter is somewhere at the Vatican. Though the canister is appearing on a security camera, the camera has been moved - and the Swiss Guard have no idea where. There is not enough time to check out the entire complex. And with the papal conclave about to start, the world is watching.<br/>Led on a chase through ancient churches in Rome, Robert and Vittoria's only hope of stoping the scheme is to catch the assassin, an Illuminati killer who has vowed to murder a cardinal ever hour until the canister explodes.<br/>In this riveting novel of suspense, Dan Brown weaves a tale so deadly realistic it is terrifying. It is a world where no one is what they seem - and the end of the Church is threateningly close. Featuring deep, intriguing characters and fast-paced action, "Angels &amp; Demons" is a book you won't be able to put down until you've read the final surprise.
 Okay, first I'd like to point out that I am NOT a scholar of art, Italian, religion, or anything else.  I read this book as a total "every man" (or in this case, woman).  I'm sure there were many "facts" and descriptions that were very off-base.  That being said, I enjoyed the book.  I took it for what it was, a work of fiction, and dove into the unlikely adventure like a kid into ice cream.  It feels very much like his DaVinci Code (which I liked) in that he has a lot of description and historical background that makes you feel like you may be a scholar when you're done with the book!  His characters, admittedly, aren't flushed out, but I didn't mind.  I was just along for the ride.  The ride took off about 3/4 through with lots of twists and turns and clues.  If you liked DaVinci Code, I'm sure you'll really like this book.  If you hated DaVinci and just can't "dumb" yourself down enough to overlook factual mistakes, then skip this read.  However, if you are looking for a little James Bond-esque adventure, you won't be disappointed.  Happy Reading!
 My review is not a love it or hate it one. Although I flew through this book and enjoyed parts of it immensely, it's hard for me to really like this book. My problem lies with the positive things that I want to say about this book also have negative comments to go with them.<br/><br/>For example:<br/><br/>Enriching detail - Brown's strength is in his details. He is great at balancing the amount of detail with the amount of action. But, his facts are often wrong. The are various websites listing the inconsistencies of his "facts." If he is going to say that everything is factual, then it should be just that.<br/><br/>Characterization - Langdon is a great character: noble, intelligent, and courageous. A thoroughly likeable character. A total cookie-cutter character too. Brown's attempts at trying to get into the head of Langdon just don't ring true. All his characters aren't very fully realized, they just makes them fit what role he needs: hero, love interest, enemy, red herring... I hate it when authors tell you that a character does a sport like water polo or diving and then they have to "miraculously" use their special sport skills to save the day. It gets old.<br/><br/>Plotting - This book can be as taut a piano wire and the action really flies in certain parts. But then it ends 100+ pages before the book ends. The climax is unfulfilling when you have to drag through 100+ pages of tying up loose ends, trying to trick the reader but really just boring him, and then ending the book with a lot of open questions.<br/><br/>There are other things that I could go into but this is too long as it is. I liked Angels and Demons but then I didn't like it. And I really don't know how to feel about that.<br/><br/>I'd say give it a try. There are parts that are totally worth it. But I would say borrow it from someone, buy it used (and cheap), and don't berate yourself too much if you put it down.
 This website's editorial view describes Angels and Demons as a 'no holds barred, pull out all the stops, breathless tangle of a thriller'. What's that supposed to mean? I thought all thrillers were meant to have those characteristics. What sets Dan Brown's thrillers apart from the mass of pulp fiction that vast reams of second rate thriller witers produce?<br/><br/>There are a great many thrillers around. Browsing book exchanges all over South America recently, it is clear this is the genre that dominates the shelves. And out of all the big name thriller writers, Dan Brown is the hottest right now. He is so huge that I encountered three hikers cramped in a small tent in a remote part Bolivian jungle all lying in their sleeping bags, each devouring their own dog eared copies of Dan Brown's thrillers, all unable to put their books down despite the onset of a thunderstorm that threatened to cascade through the fabric of tent.<br/><br/>There is no doubt that Dan Brown is the biggest novelist in the world right now, so I had to try him out.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons is not a bad story. There is surely nothing to add comment wise regarding the plot that is not contained within the previous hundreds of reviews. It is big, bold, ambitious novel tackling monumental themes - the science v religion debate, morality, the threat of genocide. Razor sharp cutting edge scientific developments such as Mach 15 aircraft and anti matter are woven skillfully into the story. At times the plot is pulsating and page turning, at other times it is rediculous.<br/><br/>Overall it is a clever, articulate, aerodite thriller, but there are lots of these around. Why is Dan Brown such a blockbuster novelist? Maybe it is luck, maybe I am missing something.
 I will try to avoid spoilers in my review. I have finished reading this book just yesterday. After that I went on to read about 60 reviews on this website, as I was curious what other readers think about it. I have to agree with the many criticisms of this book, and yet I feel that my overall impression of it is quite favorable.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has stated in the book that sometimes the questions we ask are more important than the answers. He has asked a good many very important questions - can science and religion peacefully coexist, how does one achieve faith, how does one keep faith, how far is one willing to go in order to defend ones faith. None of these questions are new, or unique to his book, but he has put them in a form that has apparently reached a very wide circle of readers, some of whom have shied away from more scientific or realistic books asking the same questions.<br/><br/>Now to answer some of the criticisms. Language - it is hard for me to critique it for several reasons. I have read this book in Russian, and though both my Russian and English are not bad, neither of them is my native language. Sometimes I had to wonder if certain expressions were clumsily written, or clumsily translated, and in other cases the translator worded his sentences better than Brown (I gathered that much from reading reviews).<br/><br/>Now the plot - IMHO it is done fairly masterfully considering that there are about two plot twists per page, and again IMHO it is a strong part of book. I have naturally very high curiosity, and could literally not put the book down. In some cases I was curious and sympathized with the characters, and in some cases was wondering how the author will extricate himself out of some traps that he has created for himself ;). I have found the resolutions to plot conflicts to be fairly satisfying.<br/><br/>Science - antimatter and issues regarding it creation were handled without either too much simplification or going into way too many details. But there were other technical details that chafed.I had hard time putting up with the imperfect bit about the camera hidden together with antimatter. Since it is such a crucial part of the story, and there is apparently an easy way of finding the transmitter, it was annoying.<br/><br/>Yes, some characters were very flat and one sided. Vittoria Vetra was sadly one of them, and "Assasin" was extremely irritating as the collection of every possible cliche. At the same time, other characters were great. The director of CERN (erm translating here back from Russian, please forgive me if I get some names wrong), Vittoria's father Leonardo Vetra, Cardinal Mortati were portrayed briefly but masterfully. The main character Langdon did undergo a fair bit of development from an intelligent but very reserved (even cowardly) to fairly determined and brave man. This development is formulaic, but one expects such changes from main "action hero".<br/><br/>My art history is nonexistent, so I found the way book dealt with art enlightening.<br/><br/>Overall, I have enjoyed the fast pace, the many twists of the plot, and the resolution of most twists. Even though the resolution of the main conflict in the book (i.e. the last 50 pages or so of the book) felt like a let-down initially, after putting the book down I realized that the author sacrificed some of the entertainment value of the book for bringing up some of the faith-related questions which I mentioned earlier.<br/><br/>I do not expect the book to be considered a "masterpiece" ten years from now, but it is timely, entertaining, and in its imperfection succeeds in being interesting to a wider circle of readers.
 Robert Langston is a Harvard Professor of Art History.  It sounds pretty mundane, but this background will lead him into some extraordinary situations, beginning with his debut novel, Angels and Demons.<br/><br/>He is called in to aid the investigation of a high ranking CERN scientist - purportedly murdered by the Illuminati - a centuries old brotherhood with a grudge against the church.  Indeed, it is their time to strike, against the four cardinals most likely to be the next Pope, and against the Vatican, in the form of an antimatter bomb stolen from CERN.<br/><br/>Langston's knowledge leads him into a centuries old puzzle which is the key to stopping the plot.  He chases clue after clue and comes up with the right results... but still the identity of Janus, the hidden enemy who set the whole plot in motion is concealed until the end.<br/><br/>Dan Brown knows how to write thrillers.  Ordinary people in extraordinary situations is a good way to put it, but Langston has combined his knowledge of Art History with facts and fiction to produce his best book to date (better than the Da Vinci Code).
 I don't think that any one could have packed any more action into a book.  Dan Brown is a genius.  Not only did he get every troublesome thing a person could think of in one book.  He did it so believable.  Plus, he didn't make the Catholic Church the bad or stupid guys, as some authors do.  Mr. Brown also did a tremendous amount of research to get the facts right.  His descriptions of places and ceremonies make you feel as if you are there in person.  The words just flow off the page and into your imagination.  I have to say that this is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  I just couldn't put it down, staying up till 3 in the morning to finish it.  Mr. Brown put so many twists and turns in this book that there is no way a reader will be able to figure out how it is going to end, till the end.  I know that the final out come shocked me.  I'm not going to go into all the details about the plot, let the experts do that for you.  I might spoil it for you and that is the last thing I would ever want to do.  All I can say is if you like mystery, action and thrills; this is the book for you.  "Angels &amp; Demons" is a non-stop roller coaster ride for the reader.  Allow yourself plenty of time to sit and read.  You will not want to put this book down.  So fasten your seatbelt and enjoy the ride!
 If you're a fan of the Indiana Jones or James Bond type stories where the hero is continuously finding his way in and out of impossible situations, then you will probably enjoy this book. It's fast paced, while taking the time to provide a lot of detail. However, for me, the author stretches the limits of credibility a bit too far for this to be a great book. For example, as the story begins, the protagonist, Robert Langdon, receives a fax with a picture of a murdered man with a complex diagram burned into his chest by the murderer. The diagram is barely legible when viewing it in the ink-and-paper medium of the book, but we're expected to believe that Langdon is able to decipher this lettering while looking at a FAXED photo of the same diagram BURNED INTO A MAN'S CHEST! Has the author ever seen a photo that's been run through a fax? I can't imagine that this branding in the man's chest would even be legible if one were looking at him in person. Because of this, the book lost a lot of credibility with me from the very beginning. It continues with a string of implausible episodes that make for entertaining story telling, but take the plot way over the top. Much of it seems to be done just to sensationalize the plot, such as the fact that Langdon is mysteriously whisked away from his home in a supersonic aircraft (that goes "mach fifteen"!) of his own free will, even though he has no idea where he's going. I guess he had no other plans for the day, but he goes along a little too willingly.<br/>There are several other things in this book that spoiled it a bit for me. It could have been made much more believable, without sacrificing the quality of the story. For instance, there's one chapter where (MAJOR SPOILER COMING UP...) a bishop is found murdered. So what do the local authorities do when they find the body? Do they close off the crime scene and do an investigation? NO- THEY THROW HIS DEAD BODY IN THE TRUNK OF A CAR AND HAUL IT AWAY because they're trying to keep the media from finding out! In another chapter (spoiler #2...) Langdon is left in a helicopter that's about to explode. Somehow you know he's going to survive, even though he has no parachute... so he jumps out of the helicopter, then realizes he grabbed a piece of tarp on the way out (how convenient!). Of course, he's able to use the tarp as a parachute, even though the explosion of the helicopter caused the tarp to smolder as it opened into a chute above him. In another section of the book, Langdon finds a clue from the Bernini sculpture "The Ecstasy of St. Teresa" in which an angel holds a spear. Langdon supposedly looks to the direction that the spear is pointed to see where to go next, if I understand the author's description of this clue. However, anyone familiar with the sculpture can see that the actual spear points down towards the ground- not in any direction that would tell our hero where to go next. The majority of the plot has him following these obscure clues that remind one of the computer game "Myst". These are clues that seem a bit too far-fetched for anyone to be able to string them together under the kind of deadline that Landon is under (the entire story takes place in about 24 hours). However, he manages to do so, albeit too late much of the time.<br/>All through the story, the author is constantly reminding us that Langdon wears "Harris tweed" in order to stereotype him as a typical east-coast college professor. Okay, we get it- you don't need to tell us 5 or 6 times throughout the book that the guy wears tweed.<br/>The story doesn't leave time for allowing Langdon and his female co-star to get to know each other (they're too busy following clues to track down the villains). Their relationship advances in spite of the fact that they never really share anything personal with one another. In fact, we never really learn a lot about Langdon at all on a personal level, except for the fact that he had a bad experience as a child which gave him claustrophobia. Nevertheless, you just know all the way through the book that he's going to get the girl in the end. It would have been nice had the author taken the time to develop these two characters a bit more beyond a superficial level- it certainly would have made the reader care about them rather than simply following the action of two people trying to save the day from imminent doom.<br/>This book redeems itself quite a bit in the end, however (aside from the predictable romantic closure) with an ending that is a bit unexpected and will make you want to re-read some of the chapters, if not the entire book.
 Okay, so you may be thinking... how is this educational??? It is a thriller, murder mystery, not far off a Grisham or Clancy feel, but then it is packed with so much more!<br/>When Robert Langdon gets a shocking call in the middle of the night he is tangled in the middle of a countdown to detsruction.  His knowledge of symbology and ancient brotherhoods and their connections pulls you into this mystery.  Through his conversation you too, will be informed, not only on religous symbols and rituals, but simply things like a 'thumbs up' sign, and it's origin of meaning.<br/>I was actually told to read this before Da Vinci code, becasue it gives you a good background on our main character and it is a premise to the later book.  I am reading DaVinci Code next, and very excited to.  While Langdon's antics do get a little "james Bondish" in the end, this book is still riveting and full of surprises.  It reads much like a movie script, is easy to follow, and loaded with extra goodies in references to 'Satanic Cult's' , the Vatican city and its strange quirks,plus more.  Lace all this into a fast paced day of a man (with a beautiful side kick) trying to save lives and you have yourself an EXCELENT weekend read.  DON'T MISS IT!  You will be glad you took the time to read this one.<br/>References to Bernini and his sculptures are so much a part of this story, by looking up statues and finding these works of art to study as you read will only enhance this great book.
 Dan Brown's Angels and Demons is just packed with too much!  Too much drama, too much symbolism, too much vatican, too much of Robert Langdon's ridiculously bad diaglogue.  Now, don't get me wrong...I did not hate the book...what I hate is that a book has tremendous potential and is ruined by the "over the top" drama better suited to the Harlequin Romance novels.  Angels and Demons isn't a bad read, if you're into this type of novel.  It has tremendous loopholes, but provides the reader with nail biting suspense, intricate plots, and some lustful moments between the main characters.  Cudo's to Mr. Brown for his research and imagination.  The Illuminati is an intriguing subject and the secrecy surrounding the papacy and the Vatican library and it's contents certianly makes this book interesting.  The premise that antimatter could be stolen and used for terroristic purposes is original and frightening in these times.  In the end, Angels and Demons is a novel that entertains the way a good B movie does.  There is nothing wrong with that, but frustrating to see the potential for so much more.
 The book is great as a work of fiction, and as an intellectual thriller, I liked it even more than the Code.<br/><br/>However, poor Dan made at least two mistakes.<br/><br/>- The first, while correctly referring to the crises in the Catholic Church and faith... Dan, you described virtually no one interested in what is going on the the Vatican before conclave - can you see THIS on Saint Peter's square???<br/><br/>- Second, is a factual mistake. In the end of the book, you describe the camerlengo being elected pope by acclamation - sometime at the turn of the century, then vanishing in 17 minutes of his pontificate... Dan, do you know that election by acclamation was outlawed by John Paul 2 in 1996 in his constitution Universum Dominici Gregis?<br/><br/>- In your book, the cardinals took several votes on the first night of the conclave. In reality, they take only one. This is a constitution too...<br/><br/>-While re-reading, I also mentioned you had no idea about how pope was buried. There is no description of three coffins, as we all know now, when the late pope was exhumed to prove he was poisoned...<br/><br/>- On 1 dollar bill, it is Novo Order Seclorum, not Seculorum, which is the New Order of Ages. Masonic and pretentious, I agree, but not the New SECULAR order...<br/><br/>Do some more research, Dan!!!
 It is like a train wreck in that you cannot put it down. But, Brown's writing is really sophomoric. I guess that says little about my taste since I could not put it down. It reads very fast. I read it in a few days and I did not have a lot time to read at any given one time. The plot twists are good. I thought I had it figured out and then he threw in a screwball. The so-called facts in this book are anything but, so please don't take Brown's word for the art. Look it up yourself most of the descriptions are even wrong, but he has poetic license because this is not a non-fiction book. Therefore, the Catholic and religious right have nothing to get worked up about. It is a book people and it is fiction. Remember the Blair Witch Project and how the movie's creators tried to turn that movie into a factual account of killings in Maryland? Well, it was all a big marketing scheme to sell more tickets. Brown is doing to same thing with Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons. This is a good vacation book, but please don't lose your faith over it.
 This is the prequel to Dan Brown's THE DA VINCi CODE soon to be a movie -- can't wait to see it.  I know someone who read the DaVinci book and recommended it.  However, I was not really interested to get so involved in something the naysayers were putting down as so much deception.  After I see the movie, I may be compelled to try out the riddles, codes and symbols in that complicated provocative book.  People thought it was nonfiction, which made things worse.<br/><br/>This one starts in the Vatican City before the visit to the Louvre.  The same main character, Robert Langdon is hunting through sealed crypts, catacombs of deserted cathedrals, and the Illuninati (a Catholic underground organization) vault.  It sounds just like the movie, NATIONAL TREASURE, only that took place mostly here and involved the Masons.<br/><br/>The Harvard researcher joins mysterious scientist Vittoria Vetra in this adventure and endures much hardship with angels and demons along the way.  This is fiction, folks!  Nothing to worry about.  Yes, we all read that Brutus became a demon after Christ was crucified on the cross.  He hanged himself.  The archangel Gabriel was a demon of major proportions.  Even the anti-Christ was a demon to tempt humans into evil ways.<br/><br/>And there have always been angels.  I have had my own and she was as beautiful as Ligeia, who appeared when I was in the depths of a high fever as a child.  I searched far and wide for my angel, but she had vanished as they tend to do.  Some humans appear to be angels, but they are angels in disguise.  The devil works through these 'angels' of darkness.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has written DECEPTION POINT and DIGITAL FORTRESS in addition to the two mentioned above.  THE DA VINCI CODE DECODED has also been released to the general public and can be found in the public library.
 I read this book last week. What a fantastic adventure! This book takes place over a space of hours. It is a fast paced race to basically save the Catholic Church and countless lives. It all hinges on the brilliance of a symbolist to help save countless lives from the brilliance of a scientist that has created a weapon of mass destruction. A brilliant scientist creates anti-matter only to be stolen and end up in the one of the most un-likely, most secure places on earth, The Vatican. Through a series of twists and turns the reader is caught up in this fast faced thriller that climaxes in the ultimate exposure of the Vatican and a very ugly face of the Vatican, with murder of the candidates most likely to be the next Pope, the proposed emergency of a secret society uncovered in the first book of this type by Dan Brown (The Illuminati), a terrorist, and a riveting end in which people that you assume are the "good guys" suddenly become the "bad guys". Assumptions that you made from the beginning of the book are proven wrong in an instant! The day is saved and people assumed dead are actually alive all in a great ending that has you gasping for breath. Fantastic read, but put your seatbelt on, don't schedule anything and get a tray of munchies to get you through this one. I liked this much better than the DaVinci Code!!!!!!!!
 I am one of the few people in the known universe that did not read The Da Vinci Code, nor did I see the movie.  I actually have no intention of either reading it or seeing it.  That being said....<br/><br/>Angels and Demons by Dan Brown, is an easy, rather fast moving story, which, like his other novels, is fiction.  Now if you will note the number of reviews on this book (2,151 at this writing) and the trend they set, you can easily come to the conclusion that this is one of those books you either love or you hate.  I fall into the special category of "sort of enjoyed it."  First, I want to make it perfectly clear that I am not an expert of church lore, good grief; I am not even a Catholic, much less well versed on its traditions, history or legends. etc.  I am not a Physicist, having come very close to flunking physics in H.S., nor am I a professional historian.  I am not a linguist, having problems enough with English (as you can see by reading this review) and am certainly not an art expert in any sense of the word.  So, unlike some here, I cannot comment one way or another on the integrity of Brown's research.  I certainly wish I could dazzle you with my vast knowledge of these subjects, and others, as I tear into this book, but sigh, I can't.  I will say though, that after almost 60 years of reading, I have picked up one skill...I can pretty well spot a work of FICTION when I see it.  Like, when I was very, very young, I figured out pretty fast that there were not actually four armed, large green men, running around Mars fighting the greatest swordsman on two planets, John Carter!  Hey, it was fun, but it was fiction!  If I want to learn about art, history, language, church affairs, it is a pretty good bet I will not pick up a work of fiction to do so!  It's a lot like picking up a copy of Penthouse and trying to learn how to make love by reading the silly letters...hey, IT'S FICTION!<br/><br/>What I am is an average person who enjoys reading.  I can usually spot good literature from bad literature, but am certainly not overwhelmed by my own knowledge and taste in this area.  Some times I like to just pick up a book, never mind the subject or genre, and read it just for the heck of reading it.  If the story moves or entertains me in any way, then I like the book.  I liked this one.  Now you don't have to be a "Doctor," or an English Literature Professor at an Ivy League School, to pretty well guess, after reading the first five pages of this one, that it is probably not going to win a Nobel or Pulitzer within the author's life time.  That does not matter.  People enjoy this work, and I say Bully for Us!<br/><br/>I did enjoy the fast pace of the book and the cliff hangers the author threw in at about ever other page or so.  The book was easy to read, easy to understand, and kept you turning its pages, simply to see what happened.  The book was smooth, enjoyable and a nice fast read.  I, like several others, thought the end was a bit lame, and in fact, pushed even fiction to it's limits...but then I did not write the book, and unfortunately, am not cashing the royalty checks like Brown.  Sigh. Brown did creat some interesting characters in this work, but as others have pointed out, did not develope them as well as he should have.  That is a pity.  So many have stated that the characters were "one dementional," a term I find a bit vague and a bit over used.  I simply wanted to know more about them, get to know them a bit better.<br/><br/>I gave this one four stars simply because there are a lot of people out there that are really enjoying the book.  For those of you who don't, well, write your own review and give it a one or two.  I am sure it will devastate Brown, and oh, be sure to call him a hack writer...I think that is always an original, classy touch to any review.<br/>Angels and Demons<br/>D. Blankenship
 Of course like the majority of everyone else, I read this book also after "The Da Vinci Code" and it is an excellent prequel to the Robert Langdon chronicles. I think it did a great job introducing Robert Langdon into the world of uncovering secrets and murders. The book literally takes you from the comfortable environment of Langdon at Harvard to the Vatican. Dan Brown uses Langdon as a character of cool facts that grabs the readers' attention which inevitably makes you want to continue to turn every page. Ending with his Dan Brown's edgy twist, it's definitely a good read and it deserved to be on the big screen. Great job!<br/><br/>Stone Michaels, Author of Defining Atlas
 If you've read The Da Vinci Code then you're already accustomed to Dan Brown's method of taking actual places and historical events and using them to create his own fiction.  The same is true here and honestly, if you did't like his previous work, then you won't like this.<br/><br/>The main difference between the two is that Angels &amp; Demons is much more action based and moves at a quicker pace.  Couple that with Brown's way of ending every section with some kind of cliffhanger and I found myself eagerly moving through the pages in search of what happens next.  However, nearing the end, I found it harder to suspend my disbelief as some of the situations Langdon got through seemed more in line with Batman rather than a college professor.<br/><br/>With that said, there's no way I can deny that I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.  If you're in the mood for something with the entertainment value of a summer blockbuster movie - with the same amount of depth - then I heavily recommend it.
 I agree with some of the other reviewers who say, that the characters are somewhat one-dimensional in this book. That it true. But I do not agree that the book is not well-enough researched, or that it is filled with factual errors. Simply because this is a work of fiction, it is not a fact-book, and therefore should be treated like fiction, not the truth. I guess that is what some find annoying about Dan Brown's books: they think Dan Brown is trying to tell a true story, that every line i something that has happened. Well, it is not, it is 'just' a wonderful and exciting and fast-paced action read, with a lot of great stuff about ancient brotherhoods, religion, symbols and art. Robert Langdon and the beautiful scientist Vittoria are on a search for an evil scientfic device able to vipe out small cities. The device did not start out evil, but in the wrong hadns it has turned very evil indeed. This search takes them from one end of Rome to another, many riddles have to answered, many dangers have to avoided, and first of all, a lot of people and ancient institutions have to saved.
 I first read Da Vinci Code like most did and then I backtracked to this book because I noticed the star character of Code was in Angels and Demons as well. This story from the beginning to the end was very well- written, well- researched obviously, and just overall thrilling! Robert Langdon can never complain of having a dull life that is for sure especially after this book I find out. The characters among Langdon are just as strong as in Code and the puzzles are back and just as difficult as ever and will make you continue on turning the pages.<br/><br/>The plot right at very beginning keeps you intrigued and makes you constantly want to know the end and most readers I can assure will never guess the end. The end indeed is very different from what you would expect but very logical when you are finally given the explanation. It is not what you would expect and for some that may be somewhat of a let down and I guess somewhat for me as well. I still thought the ending was well done and the twist did shock me as a good writer does yet I find the ending just a little less than I expected so maybe that's why I do not give Angels and Demons a five star rating. Yet I still enjoyed the chase in this novel and that is what made the book worthwhile to read- the constant chase Brown keeps you on. That is what makes Brown such a great writer is the adventure and the discovery then is nothing what you thought.<br/><br/>Overall it is an exciting novel worth reading at least once. I plan on reading it more than once indeed for again the thrill of the chase Brown puts you on makes you buy his books so you can read over and over. The ending again may have been a little disappointing to me because I was expecting basically a whole other ending but I found the ending to be a good one nonetheless and probably the most logical if it was ever a true situation and certainly didn't take any of the thrill from the book whatsoever.<br/><br/>So this book is to me a definitely loveable read and one you'll probaby never forget- just like Code was.
 I'm not sure about the references to this book being a particularly smart thriller, or a particularly brilliantly written one, but it IS an engaging, quick read. The thin character development is actually a bit of a relief, since there's some pretty ugly torture involved. And the breakneck pacing is also not a bad thing since it glosses over the unbelievable bits and keeps you zipping along the plot line. I think he gets a bit sloppy at the very beginning (I know they're working on a fast SST plane, but come ON, people - it aint a gulf stream) and at the very end (I won't give anything away here, but suffice it to say that the veneer of beleivability gets very very thin the last 40-50 pages). I like the use of the old religious iconography, its a nice twist to similair thrillers using high technology versions of the same trails of clues. Bottom line for me, if you gear yourself up for a really fast read, and don't dwell on the rough edges, it will make a cross-country plane trip zip by, in no place so horribly offensive to aesthetic or intellectual sensibility as to make it undreadable.
 Angels and Demons is a very interesting work -- say what you will about Dan Brown's rather cardboard characters, but he certainly knows good subject matter when he comes across it.<br/>This book touches on a lot of interesting ground -- CERN and nuclear physics, a papal conclave, the Illuminati, space planes, the works of Galileo and Bernini, and a race against time.  A book about any of these things would be interesting; Brown serves up a mystery involving all of these things.  His protagonist, a Harvard professor named Robert Langdon, is called to CERN to help solve a rather bizarre murder.  He soon finds that his life is turned upside down and he has less than a day to save the Vatican from destruction by the Illuminati.  To do so, he has to solve clues that lead him and his friend Vittoria -- a beautiful CERN physicist -- through a scavenger hunt of Rome's churches, looking for clues left for them by the Illuminati's founders.<br/>The book is always entertaining, and is well worth reading.  Brown has hit on a very novel formula for a his works -- an age old mystery, a smart and beuatiful woman, word games and puzzles, and a tour through Europe.  The formula works very well both here and in the Da Vinci code.<br/>One sometimes wishes that Brown had the skill and humor of Umberto Eco in developing places and characters, but perhaps this will come in time.  I recommend the book.  It is very entertaining.
 I read this book after reading The Da Vinci Code, and although I did not enjoy this one quite as much, it was still plenty entertaining.  One of the first things that struck me was that the formula was quite similar, and this time I was able to spot many (though not all) of the plot twists before they happened.<br/><br/>One of the things I enjoyed most about this novel was the exploration of the rift between the scientific and religious communities.  Around the middle of the story, one of the characters (the camerlengo) gives a particularly moving speech about the need for religion in today's society, even though science has solved many of the mysteries of this world.<br/><br/>I'll be the first to admit that I'm not as knowledgeable in history, linguistics or religion as some of these other reviewers, so if there were any inaccuracies in these departments they went right over my head.  And, to be sure, there were plenty of outlandish scenes in this book (particularly toward the end), but if you're willing to suspend your disbelief, it's a pretty fun (and interesting) ride.
 Yes, Dan Brown has his legions of fans, but truthfully, he's a terrible writer. Forget about the objections from those who find fault with his religious history; this is just plain bad writing. To begin with, his language is unbearably clumsy. Consider the typical way he introduces a character:<br/><br/>"...Are you sure you've got the right Langdon?"<br/><br/>"You're a professor of religious iconology at Harvard University. You've written three books on symbology..."<br/><br/>Hack writing at its worst. There's no character development in a Brown book. They appear, fully formed, in introductions like these, and then act with no apparant motivation. The fight, run, and fall in love with other faceless, unmotivated characters.<br/><br/>Brown also telegraphs plot moves long in advance of their actual occurance, and the "facts" he uses to underpin his plots are often so far from reality as to make the well-read reader throw up his or her hands in disgust. In this book he has his evil character steal some antimatter- never mind that no one has ever created micrograms, let alone the quantity he supposes, or a way to contain it- at which point this reader threw up his hands and wondered if it could possibly get any worse. It did.<br/><br/>What makes this particular volume even worse than "DaVinci" is that it was clearly written not as a novel, but as a treatment for the next movie. There's even less plot sense than in "DaVinci", but a lot more opportunities for special effects, car chases, and romantic scenes. If that appeals to you, I'd say save your money and wait for the $1 DVD rental.
 This is an intriguing romp through Catholic history that held my interest all the way to where Langdon leaps out of a plane with a tarp and lives, landing in the Tiber River and even that didn't hold him down for long. Give me a break. The book is long and during the time I actually read the Da Vinci Code for a respite. They're similar and I suspect there will be more from the rich Masonic legends with more of the Illuminati lore. The rich detail is a Brown trademark now. I don't know where he gets it from via sources but it's well-presented.<br/><br/>Well I know where he gets some of it and am amazed that the Camerlengo is revealed to be the pope's child after he kills his father unknowingly, and then he dies in flames by his own choice. I've read that before in another novel: Daughter of God. It's identical and the book came out in 1999 a year before Brown's. It's clear to me what happened. Lewis Perdue's three books on this subject were mined heavily to produce this one and DaVinci Code. One can only hope that justice will be rendered here as this clearly crosses the line.
 Why does Dan Brown keep doing this? For such a talented storyteller to so thoroughly drop the ball when it comes to character, dialogue, and simple realism is only slightly forgivable. Why is it forgivable? Because aside from all the irritation you feel (if you speak Italian or understand Latin) at the language absurdity and the historical and timing inaccuracies, it is still a fun read.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons deals with an ancient group known as the Illuminati and some rather farfetched plots involving religious symbols and anti-matter. While the notion is very intriguing, the details are irritating.<br/><br/>The characters have terrible dialogue. Nobody speaks like this.<br/><br/>The amount of distance these people cover in the short span of time went far beyond suspension of disbelief. Usually I can quell my disbelieving tendencies in the interest of finishing a good, well-paced story, but I found myself thinking, "How could they possibly make it over two miles in such a short amount of time?"<br/><br/>The science is iffy.<br/><br/>The way Langdon makes these intuitive leaps to solve ages-old mysteries is far beyond possible.<br/><br/>However, the story is fun and the action is nicely paced. There are some nicely done twists.<br/><br/>I just wish Dan Brown would learn to stop trying to fabricate textbooks while writing his stories. He needs to just stick to storytelling.
 I read the "DaVinci Code" first and decided to read "Angels and Demons".This is another excellent book.A Phyisist Leonardo<br/>Betra is killed and his eye is cut out. He is also branded.Our<br/>heor Robert Langdon is flown to CERN headquarters on a jet the travels 15,000 miles per hour.Langdon discover that the brand is used by an ancient cult called the Illuminati.Langdon,the director of CERN Kohler and Vittorio Vetra discover that a container of antimatter has been stolen from the facility.The antimatter is hidden within Vatican City and set to explode.All<br/>of this takes place while a conclave is taking place to elect a new Pope.The four leading candidates for Pope are kidnapped by a<br/>hired killer called the Hassassin.The four candidates for Pope are killed and branded with four seperate brands used by the Illuminati.In the meantime Langdon and Vittoiro are searching the Vatican hunting for the antimatter.This book is exciting from start to finish.The ending of the book will shock you as well.This is another excellent book from Dan Brown. Buy it.
 I enjoyed 'Angels and Demons' for the action but found it like a blockbuster movie, enjoyable for the moment, but not memorable afterwards. There were more than enough murders, fights, narrow escapes, interesting personalities, brilliant revelations, and chase scenes, that it reminded me of the old Alfred Hitchcock TV series shows that always had a twist at the end; this book, in fact, has twists and turns every few pages, a whole season's worth of Alfred Hitchcock surprises.<br/><br/>The central theme is the conflict between science and religion, science being all about reason and religious faith being all about superstition or something close to that. (I think that science actually reinforces religion, and that Almighty God is the god of everything including science, but that is a subject for another day.) The story is driven by the revival of a shadowy group called the Illuminati whose goal (at least in this book) is to sacrifice the Catholic Church on the altar of Science, in recompense for the persecution of scientists by the medieval Church. The Illuminati actually existed in those times and maybe still exists in some corners of our society, and the book takes this and runs with it.<br/><br/>I visited St. Peters and the Vatican a few years ago and was astounded at the majesty and grandeur of the accessible parts, especially the Sistine Chapel which has to be seen to be believed. This book gave me a chance to revisit these great memories and to see as well some of the hidden parts, like the tombs of ancient popes, and the inner chamber of the active popes that are never opened to the public. The book did a good job of taking us there.<br/><br/>The characters were interesting and engaging, though I could not get the feeling they were real. Also, there was a trail of dead bodies in this exciting story, but no apparent clean-up - - just like a blockbuster movie.<br/><br/>In fact, I think 'Angels and Demons' would make a better blockbuster movie than the movie of Dan Brown's most popular novel, 'The Da Vinci Code', which I liked but found too slow. There is no 'slow' in this book.
 Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon receives a fax photo of a murdered man with the symbol of one of the oldest and most secretive societies of the ancient world  branded on his chest.  He is summoned to CERN headquarters in Switzerland to view the carnage firsthand.<br/>In Rome Italy, the pope has died and a conclave of the cardinals is being convened to select a new pontiff.  The four most likely candidates suddenly disappear into the ancient underground catacombs beneath the Vatican, victims of a deranged but cunning captor.<br/>The Illuminati, a secret ancient arch foe of the "mother" church is not extinct as historians have presumed, but is alive and well (or so it seems) and wants revenge for atrocities committed against them hundreds of years ago in the dark ages.<br/>Interestingly enough some of the history cited in this novel is NOT fiction.  You will get a bit of an education about secret ancient societies and some to the antics that went on between them and the Catholic church in the dark ages.  But, don't quote all of the history as fact.  There is a bit of embellishment added to make for interesting reading (it is fiction after all).  The only part of the novel that my imagination had trouble with was the jet plane that flew 6,000 mph.  Come on Dan, that is a bit much!<br/>The entire novel takes place in a 24 hour period as one continuous string of suspenseful events.  This one will make you wake up in the morning with black circles under your eyes.<br/>Thanks,<br/>TRW
 This is the predecessor to "The DaVinci Code" and introduces symbologist and art historian Robert Langdon. Frankly, in terms of action, plotting and character development, I think it's the better of the two, if only by a small margin.<br/>  Langdon is awakened by a phone call from someone claiming to be director of CERN, the European research facility. Within minutes, Langdon is dragooned into a mysterious murder at the CERN complex in Switzerland. He gets there via a futuristic jet, the introduction of which is a bit disturbing. Brown normally stays with real things or believably real - and this particular device feels out of place. You can see the reason for its introduction: Langdon simply wouldn't have time to take a normal flight, not even a charter and keep the story moving. Aside from that truffle, though, the story moves at a blistering pace, with one plot twist after another. To Brown's credit, many of the twists turn out to be unexpected, though some are definitely predictable.<br/>  On the whole, a delightful, fun read.<br/>Jerry
 Robert Langdon, an expert in religious iconology, leaves his quiet scholar's life in Boston to delve into the murder of a physicist/priest in Switzerland.  Along the way he crosses the paths of a meglomaniac scientist, a beautiful (and brilliant) grieving daughter, a medieval secret society, supersonic planes, antimatter, and the Vatican Guard.  The action is nonstop, the writing is exciting, and the characters are believeable enough to be engaging.<br/><br/>So is this great modern literature, a modern day classic that will live for ages?  Of course not, it is pure escapist fun.  This is, in many ways, a updated James Bond.  A delightful mixture of fantasy and reality.  The reality?  CERN, antimatter, priests who are physicists and/or adopt children and the Vatican all exist.  Planes traveling at mach 15 do not.  As for the Illuminati - your guess is as good as mine.  As for some of the other details (which I will not describe so not to spoil the story), okay they are improbable but most action novels revolve on some improbable points.  This one just has more of these than average.<br/><br/>This is a fun read that just may keep you up at night to finish.  It may also lead to a little internet surfing on a few obscure subjects (the author had to have made that up, it couldn't be real....could it?).  If you like action/adventure stories you'll like this one.  If you don't like the genre try this one and you might change your mind.
 Although books by John Sandford and Nelson DeMille sell by the zillions, Dan Brown has found a way to transcend the efforts of those superior writers to reach an even broader audience. He takes a rather mundane potboiler plot and weaves into it a rich tapestry of "Wow, I never thought of that!" historical "facts" and implications that easily captured the minds of millions of readers who had never thought of purchasing a mystery-thriller. While I was never really mystified by the clues, I still found myself eagerly following the unfolding of this yarn. Reading it was a lot of fun.<br/><br/>I think of it as a "My First Mystery" book, because few of the puzzles and tradecraft that the characters are involved in were new or verged on the un-obvious to anyone who already is immersed in this genre. Indeed, it was almost mildly annoying to have Brown talking down to his readers to explain things that most people already know.<br/><br/>The plot's a grabber, the puzzles are either interesting (but not too hard) or amusing, depending on your experience with mysteries. The real weakness is in the characters, who are neither well-developed nor seemingly competent for the jobs they are expected to carry out. Although most readers aren't linguists, I find it hard to believe that a college professor would know so little about anything other than his symbol specialty.<br/><br/>In any case, I hope that those who were exposed to mystery novels for the first time will continue to explore this arena after they've finished Angels and Demons. As much fun as Brown's books are, the genre gets even better when written by the masters.
 ANGELS AND DEMONS was not what I expected. After a slow start, it took me a few chapters to become interested in the storyline. I think the only weakness in the book is that the two main characters are a little bland. Now, having said that, I will readily admit that the scientific parts of the story managed to hold everything else together, and keep the reader entertained. Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor whose specialty is religious symbolism is called to Switzerland to help investigate the death of a brilliant scientist.  Dr. Vetra, the discoverer of antimatter, is found dead and his mutilated body has the words ILLUMINATI branded on his chest. The Illuminati were an ancient cult of scientists who had supposedly joined together and had a hatred of the Catholic Church.<br/>When a canister of the lethal antimatter is found to be missing, the story takes Langdon to Rome where he and Vittoria Vetra, the daughter of the murdered man, work together to save the Vatican from being destroyed.  The book becomes fast paced and exciting as the two race around the Vatican and the city of Rome trying to beat the clock and a deadly killer. The author, Dan Brown manages many twists and turns in this story, and the research that was done for the book is fantastic.  The reader learns so much about the Vatican and if I manage a trip to Rome someday, I think I might want to read this book again.
 This book doesn't quite live up to the greatness of Brown's other best sellers. It seems somewhat predictable at times and Langdon escapes from impossible situations with ease. It did teach me quite a bit about the Pope and how they are chosen for their position, which is very timely at the moment. I also enjoyed all of the behind the scenes things that I got to learn about Vatican City, like the catacombs and the library's vaulted, air-tight rooms. Langdon's character may start in Vatican City, but he becomes much more developed in the Louve. I found it interesting that Churches around the world are up in arms about Brown's DaVinci Code because of its implications against Christianity and the Catholic Church in general when this book seems to give support to the Catholic Church. You will never hear mention of Angels and Demons when the DaVinci Code is being ripped apart. He is supposed to be working on his next book that takes place in Washington D.C and the DaVinci Code is currently in the works as a movie.
 This is Dan Brown's first Robert Landon novel. Langdon is whisked out of bed and transported around the world to Switzerland to CERN, which is the top scientific research facility in the world. A scientist has been murdered and a sample of one of his creations has been stolen. This sample is as powerful as a nuclear powered device and apparently it is in the hands of an ancient cult of which Langdon is an expert. This is why he was selected to help CERN.<br/><br/>With the help of the murdered scientist's daughter, Vittoria Vetra, Langdon chases the sample to the Vatican. Apparently, the cult wants to destroy the Vatican and the Catholic Church during the time when the Cardinals are selecting a new Pope. Clues to where the cult will strike are contained in the ancient archives of the Vatican. With these clues, Langdon and Vittoria use their problem solving skills to track an assassin around Rome trying to catch him before time runs out for the Church.<br/><br/>The book draws you in from the start and the tension is intense as Langdon and Vittoria reach several seemingly dead ends and make several miraculous escapes. It is a very fast read and Brown seems to have an incredible depth of knowledge regarding many secret places within Vatican City. My only problem with the book is that when the ultimate villain (codenamed Janus) is finally revealed, he doesn't seem plausible as the one that could have orchestrated all that occurred.
 Five stars… Why, you ask? Because it entertained me, was a quick read, and will probably hit my “to read” pile again in the future.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is intelligent, knowledgeable about lots of various convenient tidbits of information, and apparently attractive enough that younger women swoon over him and his voice. However, in spite of the convenience of his knowledge, the book is fascinating because of the knowledge. I don’t know if any of this stuff is true or historically accurate or not, but this is a fiction book and it makes a great story!
 Pick up Angels and Demons and prepare yourself for a dose of religion, action/adventure, romance and a fair amount of silliness. But, be prepared to ditch all sense of reality at page one - this one pushes the envelope.<br/><br/>The story begins fast and ends faster. In between the reader is treated to; an intriguing who-done-it with plenty of twists and turns; a Reader's Digest rendering of the history of the Catholic Church and; the obligatory two-people-thrown-together-by-circumstance cat and mouse love affair. And if you're a fan of colossal/sensational endings then this book won't disappoint.<br/><br/>But as the story approaches its climax, the action, implausibility and ridiculousness turns up - way up.  But, unlike most stories that have one succinct ending that ties any loose ends, A&amp;D is not satisfied with the status quo.  Each story and sub-story gets its own whiz-bang ending and each seems to be more grandiose than the one before it.  But like a delectable hamburger; one is great...two is enough...three is over kill...and four makes you vomit all over your shoes. As the book winds down, be sure to wear old shoes as you're going to have to swallow a number of hamburgers.<br/><br/>I like good escapism as much as anybody. Angels and Demons was great fun to read and definitely an entertaining ride.  But when an interesting and intriguing mystery/drama wanders too close to science-fiction, I gotta call FOUL!<br/><br/>And for those of you who wonder if A&amp;D is anything like Brown's other novel, The Da Vinci Code...don't fret.  Though the story is not as tight, if you enjoyed the Da Vinci Code you're going to enjoy Angels &amp; Demons.
 Robert Langdons first adventure begins with a mysterious phone call in the middle of the night. The caller insists that Langdon must lend his expertise to a murder that has just occurred. Thinking the caller is insane, Langdon hangs up, only to receive a fax several minutes later from the caller. The fax is a picture of the murder victim that had the word "Illuminati" branded into his chest before he was killed.<br/><br/>That photo puts Robert Langdon and the daughter of the deceased, Vittoria Vetra, on a collision course with an ancient, secret order called the Illuminati. The Illuminati has a major vendetta against Vatican City and the Catholic Church, leaving a trail or murder and mayhem that Langdon and Vetra must unravel before the Illuminati destroys Vatican City.<br/><br/>I read The DaVinci Code first. I know Angels and Demons was reviewed with much higher regard that The DaVinci Code. Or I should say, when reviewing The DaVinci Code, critics said Angels and Demons was the better book, hands down. I strongly disagree. I thought The DaVinci Code was a much stronger novel.<br/><br/>I definitely picked up on a formula in Brown's novels. I am not sure if all of his work reflects such a formulaic nature, but you can definitely tell he has a construct he works with, as both novels unfold in essentially the same manners. I probably will not read much, if any more, of Brown's works because I don't care for formula writers (e.g. Danielle Steele, Patricia Cornwell, etc.).
 The good news for Dan Brown is that he showed distinct improvement from this novel to "The DaVinci Code."  "Angels and Demons" shares a lot of characteristics with Brown's mega-selling follow-up, but it's missing some things too.  This novel tells an engrossing story about the Catholic church in a desperate hour, locked in a battle with an ancient (and assumed defunct) foe.  The story follows Brown's hero, Robert Langdon, around Rome as he races the clock to unravel a mystery before time runs out.<br/><br/>So far, so good, and the story is imaginitive and laced with enough quasi-factual tidbits to make it really fun.  The problems show up as the book reaches its climax and throws in two or three plot elements that really stretch the reader's ability to suspend disbelief for the sake of the story.<br/><br/>There's a reason Brown caught fire with the DaVinci code and not this book, but this one is still worth reading if you want more of what you found in "The DaVinci Code."  If you haven't read that book, start there first.
 In CERN, the renowned Swiss research facility, a scientist is found murdered. His body is branded with a symbol that refers to the Illuminati, a secret brotherhood that was assumed to be disbanded at the end of the 18th century. Robert Langdon is summoned to Switzerland to help in interpreting this ritual killing. Soon it turns out that this crime serves a bigger purpose, one that is closely intertwined with the ongoing papal election in Rome. It is up to Robert to find out what the hidden agenda of the Illuminati is all about, before one of the cornerstones of our society is getting scattered.<br/><br/>With Angels and Demons Dan Brown pulls off the tour-de-force of supporting a decent thriller plot with an historical relevant background. The setting of this thriller is simply amazing. It brings the reader to places most laymen will never be allowed to visit. Through excellent research the author succeeds in introducing us to the hidden parts of Vatican City. If you do not get charmed by the plot of the novel, you at least get an enjoyable guided tour of one of the most secretive places on earth.<br/><br/>The framework of the story is a classic thriller with a build-up to a well crafted finale that unveils some smart twists. The plot is fair because an alert reader will be a able to find some clues early in the novel that will hint at the outcome of the story. Nevertheless the main action is far from unpredictable. After one action sequence, the reader is well aware that three similar actions will follow. This gives a few serious blows to the momentum of the story. To call the middle part tedious is a bit harsh, but it certainly is not the most exhilarating read you can imagine. Luckily the denouement compensates a bit for this hick-up.<br/><br/>This book is certainly an interesting read, certainly if you compare it to The Da Vinci Code in which Dan Brown clearly succeeded in refining the narrative formula he first applied in Angels and Demons.
 Reading The Da Vinci Code impressed me so much that I decided to write Dan Brown's previous book Angels and Demons. True enough, the novel is as riveting and captivating as The Da Vinci Code. Starting with a murder that occurred in CERN Laboratory, Robert Langdon became an unwitting pawn in the game of chess known as the Catholic Church. What followed is a series of twists and turns that will leave readers glued to their seats, waiting for the next events to unfold.<br/>Reading Angels and Demons won't come easy for Catholic devouts. Just like The Da Vinci Code, Dan Brown uses the Catholic Church as its focal point and considers it the root of all conspiracies. However, to appreciate the art of Dan Brown, one needs to separate one's spiritual beliefs to what is fiction. The death that unfolds in the latter part of the book will no doubt leave a bad taste in a reader's mouth (just like what it did to me). Readers wouldn't help but ask what is it with Dan Brown and the Catholic Church?<br/>Overall, however, Dan Brown is a master in weaving intricate conspiracies and mysteries, making Angels and Demon a suspenseful read. Just like The Da Vinci Code, it has all the right elements that make a good book (or eventually a movie)--mysteries uncovered, lies revealed and colorful characters. The only downside to the book is the fact that Dan Brown keeps on inserting love angles between Robert Langdon and the girl character (just like in The Da Vinci Code). Otherwise, everything is perfect.<br/>Angels and Demons is a good read for those who love suspense-thriller books. I, for one, enjoyed it. I know many of you will, too.
 This is not the sort of thing you read and keep proudly on your bookshelf, perhaps with the intention of going back to it again and again.  Working in the vein of Umberto Eco's masterful (but flawed) "Foucault's Pendulum," Dan Brown spins a Ludlumesque thriller centered on a centuries-old secret society, the Illuminati, and their use of a brand-new science-fictional technology stolen from a European institute to attempt to destroy their nemesis, the Vatican.  To say that the premise is a bit daft would be obvious; to note that the prose is barely literate would be superfluous (I doubt anyone is buying this expecting a brilliant command of the language).  This is complete crap, and after a quick and frustrating scan of this book you can be sure that I now will _not_ be picking up Brown's latest in this series, "The Da Vinci Code," despite all the good press it's gotten.<br/>But even if you approach this book on its own abysmal level, you will find a lot wrong with it.  The treatment of science, of scientists and of scientific institutes is perhaps a step above your average James Bond flick, but not a large one.  And the philosophical argument underlying the science fiction here--the creation of matter as a way of rationally supporting the existence of God--is laughably poor (no halfway intelligent Christian or atheist would be challenged by the fictional breakthrough described here).<br/>To get some idea of where this novel is coming from, take the first few chapters, in which Harvard "symbologist" Robert Langdon is faxed a photo of a corpse with an oddly symmetrical brand burned into its chest (said brand, naturally, consists of the word "Illuminati," but in a form that reads the same when turned upside-down).  We read that the symbol makes Langdon's heart pound, makes him feel as if he's been hit by a truck, makes him tremble, etc.  For god's sake, why?  It's just a symbol, and supposedly one he's never seen before, only heard of.  Why does it not occur to him that _anyone_ could have fabricated a seal reading "Illuminati" in two directions?  I mean, they made it up for this book, right?<br/>Brown is enough of a professional to move his narrative along brisquely, and to sprinkle each chapter with enough forewarnings of what is to come, and enough cliffhangers, to keep the average reader going.  But it's all artifice over a hollow core--the characters are cardboard cutouts from a Ludlum novel; no one behaves in any fashion that might resemble a normal human being; and it is quite clear that while Brown researched enough to bluster his way through a superficial discussion, he really doesn't know anything about either science or religion.  Only worth your time if this sort of dreck is what you really like to read.
 Chronologically, this is the first book where Robert Langdon is introduced. However, I read Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code first; so it was rather nice to get an indepth introduction to the Langdon character. The book itself was enjoyable reading for the most part. The most unbelievable material comes towards the last 1/4th of the book where deus ex machina is employed without reverence because, well, no other explanations make sense. This book finds our intrepid hero busy in Rome, cracking centuries old secrets that very few were able to penetrate back when the clues to these puzzles must have been much more visible than they are in present-day Rome. But no matter; the intellect of Dr. Langdon eclipses everything. It seems that he has an epiphany every hour, just in time to save the next bishop or clergyman that is about to die. The plot itself centers around the Illuminati exacting their revenge from the Catholic church by killing four priests, one of which was to become the next Pope. The Illuminati, as we are informed (and this appears to be true) are men of science, technology and the arts (like Galileo and da Vinci) that strove to minimize the growing influence of the church in matters that were not religious. The church struck back, declaring Galileo to be a heretic and quartering him to house arrest until his death. Other great minds were similarly equalized by the growing and powerful church. So, to even matters, a present-day Illuminati had decided to wipe the slate clean using technology discovered at CERN (as an aside, it was interesting to see the fictional director of CERN brush aside the invention of the world-wide web at the facility as a minor irritant. I am sure Sir Berners Lee was not amused.) By the book's end, after God intervenes to save Rome, we discover that the perpetrator is motivated by revenge all right, but not the revenge of the Illuminati, though. The motivation is much more base and crude, and love of the arts and sciences does not play a part in it. The ending was a big let down, but the rest of the book made for very interesting reading. Those who want another story on the church's crusade against science, technologies and the arts may enjoy reading The Rule of Four (reviewed in 2005).
 Leonardo Vetra, physicist at CERN, the world's largest scientific research facility based in Switzerland has been found bizarrely and ritualistically  murdered.  Vetra had been branded across the chest with the word Illuminati.<br/>Max Kohler, head of CERN, immediately contacted Harvard religious iconology professor and art historian Robert Langdon.  Kohler hoped to summon Langdon, one of the world's foremost authorities on the secret brotherhood known as the Illuminati.  The Illuminati was a secret society conceived by Italy's most enlightened men in the 1500's in response the church's censure of scientific truth.  The society was comprised of scientists, artists and mathematicians who were at odds with the church and lead by Galileo. Some radical members advocated violence against the church.  Meetings were clandestine as the church had subjected some members to torture and death.<br/>As Langdon examined the murdered scientist who was also a cleric, Vetra's daughter Vittoria burst into the complex.  Also a renowned physicist she had been involved in a project outside the facility and was alerted to her father's death.  It was soon learned that Vetra had been working on a means to simulate Genesis in the laboratory.  He had suceeded in creating matter from nothing using huge particle accelerators.  Also created as a by product was anti matter which was determined to be a force far more powerful than nuclear energy. To contain the created anti matter Vittoria had invented a receptacle which by using powerful magnets suspended the anti matter in a vacuum.  It seems that if anti matter comes in contact with any matter including air it annihilates or devastatingly explodes.<br/>Upon investigating Vetra's lab it is detemined that a large droplet of anti matter has been stolen and will detonate within 24 hours.  The anti matter which can vaporize an area with a half mile radius eventually turns up in the Vatican.<br/>Langdon and Vittoria Vetra rush to the Vatican and soon learn that a plot hatched by the long thought dead Illuminati is threatening this very holy ground.  The Vatican is in the midst of the Conclave, an assemblage of 165 cardinals, to elect a new pope as the pope has just passed away.  The Vatican is being temporarily lead by trusted camerlengo (chamberlain) of the pope Carlo Ventresca.<br/>Langdon, Vittoria and the Vatican Swiss Guard using an obscure Galileo manuscript must decipher the secrets of the Illuminati to thwart the plot to destroy the Vatican.<br/>Dan Brown in a prequel to the Da Vinci Code uses a very similar formula to construct a plot which highlights his impressive knowledge of religion and art.  The story proceeds intriguingly but gets bogged down in a utterly fantastic and implausible conclusion.  Brown learns his lessons well as the Da Vinci Code is a more polished work.
 To fight the Catholic Church's inaccurate teachings, the most enlightened thinkers of sixteenth century Rome formed a fraternal organization The Illuminati. Their aim was to spread scientific information to the masses,  but the Church condemned them as heretics and wanted them destroyed. The  group was forced into hiding but promised to reveal themselves when they  held the power to demolish their foe the Church.<br/><br/>The Pope just died  and the Cardinals are meeting in the Vatican to elect his replacement. The  Church's security force, the Swiss Guard, notices a strange canister being  broadcast by a video camera located somewhere in Vatican City. Maximillan  Kohl of the CERN think tank in Geneva realizes that somebody has stolen the  institute's supply of anti-matter, a weapon of mass  destruction.<br/><br/>Director Kohl sends symbiologist Robert Langdon and  scientist Vittoria Vertra to Rome to assist the Church in the hunt for the  deadly container that is set to blow up at midnight. The force of the  explosion will destroy Vatican City and much of Rome. Robert and Vittoria  race against time to find and defuse a doomsday machine before it savages a  powerful organization and kills many innocents.<br/><br/>Dan Brown, author of  the critically acclaimed DIGITAL FORTRESS, has created another frantic  paced, pulse pounding thriller that rivals the best works of Clancy and  Cussler. The action-packed tale takes readers on an exciting adventure that  feels perilously real. ANGELS AND DEMONS is one reading experience that the  audience will never forget.<br/><br/>Harriet Klausner
 From Dan Brown comes the story that started it all - introducing us to his main character Robert Langdon who will appear again in each of his next two books "The Da Vinci Code" and a new one to be released early next year. A fast-paced fun read in which Langdon must figure out a mystery surrounding a new scientific discovery and how it has the potential to prove the existence of God. The truth could change religion (most notably the Catholic Church) forever.<br/>The story begins with the assassination of a scientist at one of the greatest think-tanks in Europe where an incredible discovery rocks the very foundations of religion and science.  Langdon is called in due to his immense knowledge of symbology - the calling card of the assassins.<br/>From there the reader is taken on a non-stop thrill ride as the men behind the assassination go after key leaders in the Catholic Church who are next in line to possibly become Pope. Langdon becomes a target himself while attempting to solve the symbology behind the killings. It is not difficult to see why this book has remained on Amazon's Top 100 best-seller list for months now. It is a fun read that makes you really think while you are being entertained. I can't wait for the next installment in the Langdon series. Enjoy this great read for yourself!
 Actually, I'd give this 3.5 stars. Mr. Brown knows how to write a page turner. He really does keep it interesting and you really do want to find out what happens next. Thus, a high ranking for the story.<br/><br/>  However - and perhaps I am being a snob here - in some places I almost gagged. Here are some examples:<br/><br/>  1) When walking through the hall of a scientific laboratory, Mr. Langdon encounters some black and white photographs of particle collisions. Langdon acts surprised: Modern Art? he mused. Jackson Pollock on amphetamines?<br/><br/>  These are relatively common images. A man of Mr. Langdon's intelligence has never seen one of these? Just go to the science section of any bookstore and you'll see many of them. That and the cheesy comments meant to show wonderment caused points to be lost.<br/><br/>  2) Vetra's lab was wildly futuristic.<br/><br/>  This is just bad writing. Read that sentence over. And over. And think about how really, really bad it is. This isn't the only sentence like this one.<br/><br/>  3) Here's another: God, Buddha, The Force, Yahweh, the singularity, the unicity point - call it whatever you like - the result is the same. Science and religion support the same truth - pure energy is the father of creation.<br/><br/>  Meditate on that one a bit.<br/><br/>  Mr. Brown chose this as fiction for a reason, as he freely admits. This book contains some truths but far too many conjectures (presented as fact; see #3 above) and a lot of wishful thinking. It is for this reason that I laughed out loud instead of being enthralled in many places.<br/><br/>  I suppose my biggest reaction to this book is his sermonizing.  It is quite obvious that he uses his books as a platform to espouse his views which, of course, he is entitld to do (as we are entitled to critique it).  He espouses a worldview that would suck the life out of both science and religion and would lead to a rather bland stew that is mostly broth.<br/><br/>  The reference to Leon Lederman's The God Particle  on the bookshelf of one of the scientists shelves at CERN is somewhat ironic. Mr. Lederman, former director of Fermilab (whose work is similar to that of CERN referenced in this book), dissects the logic and fallacy of using science as proof that religion is saying the same thing.<br/><br/>  Same facts, different conclusions. Mr. Lederman may acquiesce to a degree but he basically deflates the lofty claims; Mr. Brown supports the claims whole heartedly. Same story, different ending.<br/><br/>The idea that science proves what mystics have always known and that the power structures of organized religions are seeking to suppress this truth is a clever way of getting out of participating in religion at all (see I'm sermonizing too!).  And the whole secrecy of the Vatican thing is just plain outdated. Catholic bashing went out with the Dark Ages (though it is an easy target).<br/><br/>And the ending.  Oh, man.  Over the top doesn't even touch it.  Mr. Brown's wet dream is probably as close as we get.  Catch the obsession with 'the man with the tweed jacket' (what, no one wears tweed anymore?) and you'll see what I mean.  Boring professor becomes man of action.<br/><br/>On a positive note: the symbology and whirlwind tour through Rome and Vatican City make the journey worth taking.<br/><br/>  All that being said, at least people are talking openly about this stuff. But keep in mind, this is FICTION.
 I enjoy well-crafted conspiracy stories with lots of plot twists and action. Angels and Demons holds up quite nicely as a gripping novel, rich on plot and strong on characterizations. Author Dan Brown hits the ground running with the action and takes the reader on an exciting adventure.<br/><br/>The setting for the book starts in Rome and the main protagonists, Harvard professor and art historian Robert Langdon and scientist Vittoria Vetra make for a great team in their attempt to save the Vatican from being blown up by an anti-matter bomb. The ancient brotherhood of the Illuminati, were an intriguing study in religious fervor, dogmatic ideology, and betrayal, making for a magnificent nemesis.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons is indeed a page turner from beginning to end. I finished the book in one setting and consider the reading experience to be a fascinating and highly entertaining thrill ride.
 Oh, c'mon.  The whole book doesn't even take the space of a day.  The plot is so packed, that one becomes incredulous after awhile.  Things are happening so fast that I feel I haven't even had a chance to really meet the characters.  They, however, are not the real focus.  The author has done a lot of research and is eager to share it with the reader by applying it to the construction of a "fast-paced-bet-you-can't-put-it-down thriller."  I did enjoy a lot of the stuff I learned about the Vatican and CERN.  I double checked some of the facts he gave in the book and they turned out to be true.  And once I worked a bit on suspending disbelief, the story was rather entertaining.<br/><br/>There were just a few parts where Brown gets completely out of control, though.  I actually burst out laughing in the part when a Harvard symbologist and his Italian scientist love interest successfully beat up a super tough, ridiculously evil professional assassin.  I guess those fifty laps a day make him ungodly tough for a forty year old academic.  Then we get to parts with half naked priests with ambigrammatic brands seared into their chests jumping out of exploding helicopters in crazed attempts to start a new age of Christianity.  You think I'm kidding?  That's the least of it.  Pick this book up and give it a try.
 You know it's a good book when you are hunched over the book in the hospital waiting room and you find yourself holding your breath as you turn the pages while following Robert's chase in the Vatican City. In spite of all the monitors, people calling on the intercoms, and all the normal noises that comes with the hospitals, you are so engrossed in this book ~~ you just have to finish it before your curiousity ate you up. This is literally one book that you cannot put down.<br/>Dan Brown has shown his talents for suspense long before he wrote The Da Vinci Code ~~ this book is one. If you are a conspiracy bluff, this book is one that you should read. If you like to be engrossed with a novel, letting nothing interrupt you, this book is it. This is my second best mystery this summer (the first, obviously being The Da Vinci Code!) and I am definitely passing this one around!<br/>Robert Langdon is awakened in middle of the night by a strange phone call. Just a historian and professor at Harvard, he didn't think he could help with this murder of a prominent scientist. But once he got to Geneva, he was entangled in a mystery that got more interesting and intriguing by the moment. Joined by Vittoria, the scientist's daughter, they were in a race of time to save the Vatican City from an explosion. Along the way, Robert had to figure out the clues left in the city by artists centuries earlier in search of the Illuminatis that claims to be behind this latest fiasco.<br/>This book is enriched by details ~~ you find yourself looking up the art on the websites so you can visualize the clues that the Illuminatis left years ago. You find yourself holding your breath as every twist and turns have been taken in this journey. The last page is turned before you want it to ~~ you love the suspense and intrigue. It is just a fascinating and fun read. I cannot wait to read more of Dan Brown's work. He is the latest talent today and a really good find! I can't wait to read more of his books!<br/>8-23-03
 First, this book is a foreshadowing of what Brown gets right in the da Vinci code: conspiracy (or not?) theory, our inherent fascination with religious iconography, our inherent attraction to the Church versus Reason ("Agony and the Ecstasy", et. al).  For embracing and weaving these themes Brown gets a plus.<br/>Brown also gets a tally in the "good" column for increasing his audience's vocabulary.  I like learning about concepts and words like 'ambigram' and similar.<br/>So those are the two pluses, so let's move to the no man's land of "Hmmm...not sure I liked ...".<br/>I'm not so sure I like his writing style.  I read this book in one sitting at a coffee shop, so it was a page turner with some (as I said above) intellect.  But...when the story is a page turner it inherently becomes episodic, it loses that grand sweep of narrative that really distinguishes "literature" from "mass market fiction."<br/>But the counter to this is, Brown states on his website as elsewhere that he is a big fan of early Ludlum.  Ludlum and Tom Clancey are both very episoding page turner writers and this is a sligtly more academically tinged version of their genre, if this is so, then the book is about par for the course.<br/>Why am I so rankled about this?  Becasue with all his erudition and research I want Brown to write a literary work something that will show his passion and focus to the world - something lasting like the basilicas and cults that he often writes of.  This episodic telling is great for airplanes and beaches -- but dammit Dan, stretch a bit and give us what I know you have in you!<br/>OK, now the not-so-hot thoughts:<br/> - THE ENDING:  Convoluted and unnecessarily messy.  Oh it's over, no it's not, oh this oh that.  Too many plot twists for minimal effect.  Brown fixes this in da Vinci.<br/> - THE CHARACTERS:  First things first, when describing a beautiful woman, have you ever noticed that mail authors always have to put her breasts last, when anyone who credibly writes a man should put them first (or within the top 4 of : Eyes, legs, butt, breast?)  Brown is no exception, his Langdon is curidously proper in this regard<br/> - Inconsistent mental ability.  Sometimes his characters are absolutely brilliant, but other times they are dumber than a box of rocks.  It's like how on Gilligan's Island the professor could make a radio out of coconuts, salt water, and dolphin bile, but could not figure out how to make a flare.  Langdon unravels eons old mysteries but can't figure out mirror reflection writing (on the up side, he's a bit sharper on the matter in da Vinci)<br/> - The characters are rather flat.  This improves in da Vincic considerably but the Italian woman (see, you're already getting that same mental cliche that Brown trades on ) is firey, brave, bold....  Brown's addition to the cliche trade is making her smart, ok, good.  But she really doesn't feel like anything mor than "mourning mediterranean girl with a vengance".  This is probably due to the episodic character of the book.<br/>All in all, I enjoyed the book, but da Vinci code is a much stronger effort.
 Dan Brown has written a suspenseful page-turner.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, professor of symbology and Vittoria Vetra, daughter of world-renowned molecular scientist Leonardo Verta, join forces to take on the darkest, most secretive brotherhood of hate: the Illuminati. This secret brotherhood has declared open warfare against the Catholic Church and the people of faith. Clues lead directly to Rome where the Illuminati have plotted their vindictive plot. One by one, the icons of the Roman Catholic faith find themselves the targets of an unseen foe. Can Langdon and Vetra solve the riddle in time?<br/><br/>Even a casual reader is tempted to draw conclusions about the church, the masons, and other secret societies. But it is worthwhile to remember that the author has, above all things, written a piece of fiction. Defenders of the faith may quickly take offense but the reader takes wise counsel who draws a deep breath, turns the page, and enjoys the spell-binding mystery.
 Before "The Da Vinci Code" became a runaway bestseller and a cultural phenomenon, Dan Brown wrote "Angels &amp; Demons." Both books feature the brilliant Harvard symbologist, Robert Langdon, a man who is good at solving arcane puzzles.  Both novels feature deadly conspiracies.  In both books, Robert has a female sidekick who is as beautiful as she is brainy.<br/>Robert is called away from academia when he receives a mysterious telephone call at five in the morning.  The head of CERN, the world's largest scientific research facility, has summoned Robert to see a corpse.  An ancient brotherhood, known as the Illuminati, may have resurfaced.  They appear to have murdered and branded a renowned physicist, and they are threatening to destroy many other lives in their quest to bring down the Catholic Church.<br/>Robert, along with Vittoria Vetra, daughter of the slain scientist, must retrace the path of the Illuminati in an effort to save lives before the villains can complete their deadly mission.  Robert's knowledge of symbology and iconology lead him to the Vatican archives, where he unearths ancient documents with important clues.  The novel is basically a race against time.  Will Robert decipher the hidden clues in time to foil the Illuminati?<br/>I have several problems with "Angels &amp; Demons," as I did with "The Da Vinci Code."  The sole aspect of this book that is compelling is the obscure information about science and art.  The characters and dialogue are wooden, and the plot is formulaic melodrama.  The twists and turns at the end come very far out of left field.  At almost six hundred pages, the book is far too long and repetitious.  One particularly irksome habit is Brown's constant use of italics and exclamation points for emphasis.  This device wears thin very quickly. Although this series has undoubtedly captured the public's imagination, Brown lacks the narrative skills to bring his ideas to three-dimensional life in a work of fiction.
 I have heard all the hype about Brown's The Da Vinci Code, so I wanted to read that, but came across this one first, so I thought I would give it a shot.  It was well worth reading.<br/>It starts out with some very interesting subject matter, combining science, religion, art and history into a very exciting story.  I don't know how accurate all of the information in the story actually is, but for the purposes of the plot, it was presented very well.  I did have some problems with some of the science and the explanations of it, but not enough to decrease my overall enjoyment of the story.  The interesting subject matter is complemented by good characters, and an exciting plot which accelerates in intensisty right up until the action-packed, plot-twisting conclusion.<br/>I would recommend this book very highly, however if you have strong feelings about religion and/or science or the conflicts between them, make sure to keep in mind that this is just fiction.  I look forward to reading The Da Vinci Code.
 The war between science and religion has been raging for centuries. The argument is essentially a battle over what constitutes 'real' knowledge. This is an epistemological conflict between the rational, irrational and the spiritual. Religion has provided guidance, morality and hope in a predominately meaningless existence. However, in modern times, our faith in a power greater than ourselves has waned considerably, particularly in traditional religions. Our new God is science. Or so the argument proposes. Science has given us means to heal the sick on a grand scale and like never before. Technology has given us the means to feed an entire planet, though ironically, the powers that be choose other ways to use this knowledge. The vast majority of the planet continues to starve. The further irony, though, is that since the renaissance, religion and science have been pitted against each other in a play for power over the undiscerning masses. The arguments in each camp are certainly compelling. ~Angels and Demons~ addresses this argument in a modern context.<br/>Those of you who have been fortunate enough to read, 'The Da Vinci Code', another Dan Brown thriller, will be acquainted with the lead character, Robert Langdon. As a Harvard art historian and expert of ancient symbols, the CEO of the largest and most important science facility in the world contacts him. A gruesome murder has been committed. One of the lead scientists has been found dead with a grisly brand burned into his chest. Langdon is reluctant to get involved until a fax is sent to him of the murder scene. Branded on the victims chest is an ancient symbol that read: 'Illuminati'. What draws Langdon in is that the symbol is an ambigram, a perfectly symmetrical word that can be read both ways. Academics had been arguing for centuries over this very symbol's existince. And as an expert on the Illuminati, Langdon knows that they were and are the sworn enemies of the Chatholic Church.<br/>What is surprising about this novel is that Brown has managed to bring together a huge subject into a highly entertaining read. Another reviewer called him a juggler of disparate themes though he doesn't drop a ball. This novel is a riveting read with many switches and turns from start to finish. This is five star material.
 If I had not read the DaVinci Code first, I would have thought this book was fantastic. It moved well, was action packed, and was really intriguing with the insite on the mysterious Illuminati cult, not to mention all the details about the secret tunnels and rooms in the Vatican. I must admit, I am very disappointed to see that some of Brown's facts are off, because he sites them so convincingly you just want to believe them.<br/>But, fact is I did read the DaVinci Code first, and because I loved that book so much I went seeking other Dan Brown books. The books are so paralleled it is not even funny. Both start with Robert Langdon getting a call in the middle of the night requesting his expertise because there has been a high profile murder, of course the victim's nearest relative is a beautiful and attractive young female that has wits and intelligence to match Langdon's. There are so many similarities (I won't go into details so I don't spoil the plot for anyone) that it is impossible not to compare the two books.<br/>While Angels &amp; Demons was a good and easy read and kept my interest, I thought of it as another DaVinci Code with a different secret club being exploited. I would have liked to have seen something different to set the two books apart.
 A dead Pope. Four missing cardinals, the favorites to succeed him. A murdered particle physicist branded with the mark of a secret society believed dead for hundreds of years. An American professor of religious iconography and a beautiful physicist out to avenge her father. These are the key ingredients in Dan Brown's first novel featuring Richard Langdon, and they mesh together to create an original, powerfully interesting and fast-paced story.<br/> Set in the form of a macabre and thrilling scavenger hunt (with the four cardinals, and ultimately the survival of the Vatican and the Church, as the prizes) around Rome, the book's action is compressed into a single, heavily-packed twenty-four hours. While this would be complex and fascinating enough on its own, the addition of the lore of the Illuminati, and the recasting of familiar tourist sites of Rome as signposts on a secret, subversive journey add a flair to the novel that is unique. If Robert Ludlum had written "The Name of the Rose" the result might have been very much like this novel- but Dan Brown is his own author, and he puts O. Henryish twists in almost every turn of the plot.<br/> If there is one quibble I have with "Angels and Demons", it is a very minor one. Throughout, all major characters are referred to either by their names or by an English translation of their titles, with the exception of the Pope's chamberlain- "camerlengo" in Italian- who, although introduced by name, is referred to by his Italian title throughout. Whether this is intended to reinforce this character's dedication to his role over his selfdom, or to separate him from other, more mundane minor characters, it becomes both repetitive and wearing over the course of the book. But this is a minor detail in the overall tapestry of the story.<br/> I began this book rolling my eyes over the co-opting of the Illuminati as a plot device and the ho-hum idea of a satanic cult murdering both physicists and cardinals. By page 50, I was hooked, and by the end, the book had drawn me in so completely that none of the plot twists seemed outlandish. On the whole an excellent read, and certainly a good lead-in to "The Da Vinci Code", which I've just started.
 I personally prefer this to Da Vinci code in terms of the plot, and how the story moves along with the pages.  This is written in a faster pace than Da Vinci Code, and has more suspense to it, built on conspiracy theories with regards to the Illuminati.  It introduces the the life of Robert Langdon, who later appeared in Da Vinci Code, as a person who studies symbols.<br/><br/>In this book, I was very impressed at the speech the camerlengo made about science and religion in chapter 94 of the book.  This perspective of science and religion is somewhat similar to reading Dr. Hugh Ross's books (The Creator &amp; The Cosmos, The Genesis Question) which gave me a different perspective to the whole tension behind science and religion.  Like Brown's book mentioned in chapter 19, "Science and religion are not at odds... science is simply too young to understand."<br/><br/>It would be interesting to know how much of what is written in the book is based on fact and research, and how much is fiction.
 The story precedes The DaVinci Code, but its scope has more grandeur, covering the ultra futuristic and secretive CERN laboratory in Switzerland, to a fast paced tour of the Vatican. As has been observed elsewhere, reference to a heroine, Vittoria Vetra is made also in passing in The DaVinci Code. The unexpected maze of who's the good guy/bad guy are as unnavigable as the Catacombs. Brown paints vivid scenes of the Vatican, and his knowledge of Vatican archives and architecture is exemplary. He dawdles in predictability and unbelievableness at times, especially toward the wrap-up. Vittoria, Langdon's partner "in crime" suddenly becomes eloquent when making a speech. Without causing spoiler issues, what happens at the end of the helicopter scene is highly unbelievable, given the supposed destructive potential of the particular weapon the book postulates. The Pope's Carmelango (Chamberlain) was brilliantly characterized.<br/><br/>Symbologist Robert Langdon starts out a little slowly, and it is almost halfway through when we wonder what his contribution to saving the day will be. But when he does get rolling, he goes in with a bang! Langdon has so many life-threatening close calls and narrow escapes, Angels and Demons is truly a thriller that is hard to put down. I actually enjoyed Angels and Demons more than The DVC, although The DVC is more of a cerebral drama, with less of a techie theme. It is interesting how we get stuck on certain prejudices about Brown's writing. It's not at all about the "Big Bad Church" in this case, the good guy/bad guy is much more complex, and probably more about personalities than institutions as a whole.
 The only real flaw in this book is that Dan Brown does not bother to be very accurate when it comes to presenting real-life facts. As a person with formal education in nuclear physics, I was slightly annoyed while I was reading the first 50 or so pages. I don't believe that he has the authority to talk about religious repercussions of discoveries in this area - something he probably does not even understand very well.<br/>Many of the historical "facts" presented in the book are also fictituous. For example, he mentions that the pyramid &amp; the eye emblem from the 1-dollar bill is a Mason symbol that was designed by Roosevelt's friend in 1930's. This is not true: the pyramid &amp; the eye come from the Great Seal, which was created shortly after the American Revolution, and has nothing to do with Masons. I'm sure that if I ran a thorough check on every historical statement he makes, I'd have discovered that many of them were fake as well.<br/>Factual problems aside, this is a very good book, and once it got your attention, you just can't put it down. You can fully enjoy it as an exciting thriller, even if you understand that it's just a work of fiction and has little to do with our history.<br/>And one last thing. As you read it, don't make the assumption that the plot is trivial and straightforward. Some things are not what they seem.
 This was the second of the three Dan Brown books I've read. The first was 'Deception Point' and after this was 'Digital Fortress'. I know, I know, I read them in reverse order, but who cares, right? ;o)<br/><br/>Dan Brown is very good at explaining the setting of which each scene takes place. This, in my opinion, is important in a book like this.<br/><br/>Being a Catholic, I was told, by my peers, I shouldn't read this book. I was told it would probably anger me. My response was that although I may be Catholic, it doesn't mean I'm not open-minded. This book did little to challenge my intellect, and in no way challenged my religious stance.<br/><br/>'Angels &amp; Demons' was a very fast read, like Dan't Brown's other novels. This one is the book which introduces Robert Langon, and his signature "Harris tweed". In his race throughout Rome and Vatican City, Langdon is forced to see things he both wants to see, and does not wish to see. His feeling range from the frightened, to the affectionate.<br/><br/>His race to save Vatican City from "annihilation" is a lot of fun. The plot, though mostly predictable, is quite engaging and fast-paced. The characters are reasonably drawn out. This is a very fast read, and quite fun. Don't let the subject matter turn you away. It's far less offensive than one might think.
 Much like the subject matter of this book, this novel has a dualistic nature: rad and bad<br/>Rad<br/>Dan Brown successfully creates suspense, which keeps the reader enthralled. The tension between religion and science is a great platform for a mystery between two worldviews often perceived as polar opposites. There are a few interesting twists, one of which caught this reader totally by surprise.<br/>Bad<br/>On the other hand, Brown fails on two important points. He fails to create believable characters and much of story is predictable. The characters are an unlikely collection of some of the best minds in world: an eminent scholar from Harvard, ground-breaking physicists, heads of the Catholic church, elite military strategists. In numerous situations the characters miss things that a cognitively challenged person would have caught. In addition, I was surprised by very little in this story. The first problem is particularly pronounced and almost led me to not finish the book.<br/><br/>Of course, some of the situations in this story are completely unrealistic (outrageous even), some scholars of science or religion may feel misrepresented, and fire-breathing fundamentalist Christians will feel the need to form discussion groups (there were numerous such Da Vinci Code groups in my city). This is fiction. Artistic license is to be expected.<br/><br/>If you liked Angels and Demons then check out Foucault's Pendulum by Umberto Eco. Eco is a bit heady, but damn he writes pretty! Dan Brown is to Umberto Eco as Jessica Simpson is to Aretha Franklin.
 Dan Brown may very well have invented a new category of fiction ... 'the occult society murder mystery'. If it already existed, then he blasted himself to the #1 spot on the New York Times best seller list in this genre, not once but twice, first with "The Da Vinci Code" and now, with "Angels and Demons". This is one non-stop, page turning book I could not put down. In fact, it took me exactly 3 1/2 - 4 hours to finish. What a whirlwind of a novel! It has one of the most unusual, unexpected endings I have ever read. It is replete with so many curves, twists, turns, and events in the last chapter that it is mind-blowing ... yet believable. The author manages to interweave two seemingly disparate topics, religion and science, into a meaningful whole -- hitting some raw nerves for readers unfamiliar with current research in subatomic physics. Physicists have arrived at a point where many of the descriptions of subatomic particles sound exactly like religious or zen-like statements. Dan Brown proves to be a genius at combining ideas and concepts from modern scientific research, current political events, and religion to create a novel jam-packed with intrigue, puzzles, and mystery. He unravels the unique tapestry  of his novel, one colorful thread after another, teasing the brain and emotions of the reader. The unsuspecting reader reaches speeds approaching mach 1 ... with sudden drops ... narrow, steep climbs and hair-pin curves ... on this thunderous roller coaster ride of a book.<br/>The main characters are, Robert Langdon, a world-reknown religous symbologist and Harvard professor, Maximillian Kohler, a research scientist and Director of CERN, one of the world's largest scientific research facilities located in Switzerland, Vittoria Vetra, a research biologist and daughter of the recently murdered, Dr. Leonardo Vetra, research physicist and Catholic priest. There is an unknown Assassin, whom we eventually learn is of Arabic extraction, the Camerlengo Carlo Ventresca, who was the chamberlain to the recently deceased Pope, several Swiss security guards for the Vatican, and two BBC reporters.<br/>It begins at 5:18AM, when Robert Langdon receives a phone call from an unknown party who needs to speak to him uregntly on a matter of great importance. He dismisses it as a prank call, attributing it to the notoriety he received in the press due to his research on occult symbology. It attracts a lot of kooks. While he is drinking his morning Nestle Quik cocoa ... his fax machine rings and he receives a photo of a body with the word "Illuminati" is emblazoned on the chest. As he rotates the fax in his hand, he discovers an ambigram, it is readable, frontwards or upside-down and backwards ... simultaneously, the phone rings and he is drawn into the web of intrigue at the CERN.<br/>The Director summons him to a research facility in Swizterland, where the victim, had done the unthinkable ... he created one of the most powerful sources of energy in the world: antimatter. Someone in the Illuminati has learned of this discovery and had stolen the specimen. The specimen was moved to an undisclosed, mysterious location in Rome, during the time when the election of the next Pope was taking place. Four cardinals, the top candidates for the election, are missing. A phone call reveals that each cardinal will be murdered, the clues are a riddle filled with Illuminati symbolology. Robert Langdon and Vittoria Vetra chase down the clues in an attempt to prevent the murders, but are too late each time. They eventually decipher the clues within the secret vaults of the the Vatican library. They chase the Assassin through a section of Rome where the Pantheon and several churches are located that contain Illuminati symbols. They go across the Bridge of Angels to the Castel Sant Angelo. Just when a hand-to-hand combat, fight to the finish between Robert Langdon and the Assassin is occurring ... more intrigue and mysteries are being concealed and revealed within the religous realm. The whole world is glued to the TV set as a miracle is witnessed ... the faith of many Catholics is restored ... to discover why ... you must read the book. Erika Borsos (erikab93)
 After reading "The Da Vinci Code", which I thought was a good fast paced thriller, I decided to also read "Angels and Demons", which was written before "The Da Vinci Code". With that book's success, however, I guess I'm not the only reader who read the books out of order.<br/><br/>There are many similarities in the premise between the two books. Professor Langdon is asked to investigate a mysterious murder and teams up with a young European female scientist. Starting out, more is at stake in "Angels and Demons" than in "The Da Vinci Code", as the stolen lethal antimatter is placed where it could kill thousands of people if Langdon doesn't figure out where it is.<br/><br/>However, about half into the book, the pace seems to slow down. While lots of things certainly do happen, too much of the text centers around charachter's thoughts and long speeches, with lots of repetition. The book would have benefited from having much of that edited out and shortened. It takes focus off the action and for that reason, this book is not as exciting a page turner as "The Da Vinci Code". When the ends were tied together at the end, some of the author's ideas were quite brilliant, but it took too long getting there.<br/><br/>It's not at all a bad book, but it's not great either. It ranges from being very interesting to dull at times. If you want to read it, perhaps try to find it in a library before deciding whether you want to buy it or not.
 I have now read both the Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons by Dan Brown and admit to liking the page-turn-ability of both.  Mr. Brown has a knack for keeping one riveted to the pages and attempting to guess what comes next. However, Mr. Brown does something that a friend of mine pointed out as he read the book and now annoys the heck out of me as well.  He hands the emotions of each character over to the reader.  Rather than simply describing a character's action, beyond those of the main character, he sells out the emotions of other characters by frequently adding in one extra adjective or adverb about how they act.  Glances are heart-felt or wanton, fists are angry and gasps are in terror or pain.  Part of me wants to scream out, "Well duh!" at half of these extra words, and the other part of me wants to say "gee Dan, can't I figure this out for myself?"  Ok, so I'm being picky here.  All in all, the plot's of Mr. Brown's books are fascinating.  Most if not all that fascination comes from the fact that he exploits the history of the Catholic Church to no end.  In this particular instance, the Clerical history of Rome and the Vatican provide very interesting targets.  This is, admittedly, not that hard to do.  There are plenty of evil men and women in the history of Christianity and Mr. Brown trades upon that fact quite well.  This being said, no one in their right mind should ever take what Mr. Brown writes about in these "Historical Novels" at its face value.  There is enough truth in what he pulls from history to blur that history from what is perfectly fictitious in the book.  If that tactic is worthy of being called ingenuity, then Mr. Brown is a genius.  While Dan Brown's books are riveting, Michael Crichton, as the originator of the "historical novel," or if you prefer, the "factual fiction," is much more exacting and much less clandestined about what is story and what is study.  If you want a great thriller, read "Andromeda Strain."  Brown is good at what he does, but he's not as original as he seems.
 For all the criticism that gets thrown Dan Brown's way, he sure knows how to write a page-turner!<br/>Brown has struck on a basic formula that he executes to near-perfection -- it has worked in the three Brown books I've read - Deception Point, Angels and Demons, and The Da Vinci Code.  Start with a prologue that shows or implies a horrifying death.  Introduce the hero/heroine as a smart, single, attractive committed professional, and drop him or her into a fish-out-of-water scenario for which he or she is perfectly trained.  Introduce sinister characters, including one anonymous character who appears to be pulling all strings from behind the scenes as well as his henchman, a lethal killing machine.  Toss in some technological marvels with compelling explanations and a plot to perform nefarious deeds on a grand scale, and you've got a hugely successful novel as you keep tossing your hero/heroine (and an attracive, conveniently single member of the opposite sex) from frying pan to fire.<br/>Brown's two Robert Langdon novels benefit from the unusual expertise of the hero - religious symbolism.  Brown has an amazing ability to write clearly and convincingly about what must be daunting subject matter, and in Angels and Demons he gives a wonderfully compelling travelogue of Vatican City and its famed collection of art and architecture.  Brown also introduces a powerful element of the spiritual in this book, as we are thrown into the medeival feud between church and science.<br/>For those who critique Brown's works as factually inaccurate, I advise a step or two back for some perspective.  The man is writing novels to entertain and, to a much lesser extent, inform.  I have friends who are really, really into sharks, and they claim to hate the movie, "Jaws" because a shark would never a million years do what Spielberg has that shark do.  But they miss the point of the flick!  Brown is essentially doing the same thing -- setting a thrilling tale amid an exotic setting.  A few inaccuracies (or even more than a few) should not interfere with the exercise.<br/>Readers of thrillers will probably guess at the ending a few pages in advance . . . but that's because Brown compels you to guess.  That's the heart of any good mystery or thriller -- the author essentially dares you to try and figure out what's going on, and then tries to jerk the rug out from under your expectations.  In this, Brown does yeoman's work.<br/>Perhaps Brown is a victim of his own success; he has been savaged by many, many readers.  Unfair, I say.  This is one of the most entertaining books I've read in some time.
 Angels &amp; Demons is the absurd plot-driven prequel to Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code. The Vatican and the Illuminati are the two main characters of the tale.  Everyone else is peripheral. This is one of several sins that make the novel so bad-- there is no character development at all.  Michael Langdon is a one-dimensional Indiana Jones type (it's obvious author Dan Brown has celluloid ambitions) who's awakened at the crack of dawn and whisked off to Europe to become a major player in a centuries-old grudge match between the Illuminati and the Vatican.  But what the story is really about is what happens when one man tries to make himself God and rectify what he sees as unforgivable sin, with a disastrous outcome of course.<br/>But you won't discover that until the last 50 pages of the book.  In the meantime, you'll get a primer on the Illuminati and be dragged all over and under Vatican City with Langdon and the ever-slender Vittoria as they try to prevent the murders of 4 cardinals and find the antimatter canister before it blows the Vatican and half of Rome to bits.<br/>Brown has packed this pulp with tidbits about long-dead religions and cultures, medieval scientists, and Renaissance artists.  If you're interested in these topics, you could have a blast chasing down Brown's facts.  Or you could accept it all at face value and go along for the ride.<br/>And what a ridiculous ride it is.  If you think the first 500 pages of the novel are completely absurd, wait until the last 50 pages.  It would appear that Brown has a gift for intricate plotting, and Behold! It all neatly wraps up in the end!  Or did he write an outline first and fill in the blanks to flesh out the (ahem) story?  That's my guess, and it's unfortunate because the story may have taken an intriguing turn if there were any character development beyond Langdon's 9 lives and ever-present Harris Tweed jacket, and Vittoria Vetra, the intelligent, mysterious, slender damsel in distress.  Of course Langdon gets the girl (after they've saved the world) with all the cute corniness of a James Bond movie.  The book is replete with Brown's pontifications on religion, Christianity, and the church's long history of suppressing scientists and scientific truth to protect the church's power.  Brown's bias is clear throughout the book, and this didactic pummeling reveals a weakness in his storytelling abilities.<br/>The success of Da Vinci Code proves that one needn't be a decent writer to capture market share. You may enjoy Angels &amp; Demons, but I thought the book was silly and long-winded.  He could have cut the book by 200 pages for my taste.  It wouldn't have improved the writing, but at least it would have ended sooner.
 After reading "The DaVinci Code", I coudn't resist reading another Dan Brown.  While this book is not as smart as DaVinci code, it is more action-packed...a real thriller instead of a brainy tour-de-force.<br/>The main thing that disappointed me about this book was that I was consistenly one step ahead of Robert Langdon, while in "The DaVinci Code" he was always figuring out the codes and puzzles long before I did.  But in this book, it is not Langdon's job to be brainy, he is instead more of an action star, an unlikely Jack Ryan.<br/>If you thought "The DaVinci Code" stretched the limits of reality (which it did, but at zero detriment to the finished project), then you're going to be in complete disbelief of "Angels and Demons".  The story is totally implausible.  But really, who cares?  The action is fast-paced, the history lessons intriguing...a totally enjoyable read that will have me reading another Dan Brown book before too long.
 I read "The Da Vinci Code"...and soon after I got "Angels and Demons" because I knew it would be good...and it was very good. The only downfall to this book are the moments that are too far fetched. There are a couple moments in this book that I found myself thinking "that could never happen" and it took away from the story because "The Da Vinci Code" was very realistic. But besides that, this book is very hard to put down. Dan Brown writes in a way that he introduces different characters and different story lines and keeps approaching the point where they all merge into the climax of the story...and it's very easy to read for hours on end just anticipating what's about to happen next. A lot of twists and turns, and if you liked "The Da Vinci Code" you'll like this as well. If you haven't read either, I'd suggest "The Da Vinci Code" first. I just bought "Digital Fortress" by Dan Brown and can't wait to read that one!
 Like many people I missed this when it was first published and read it after enjoying "The Da Vinci Code". Obviously when writing that later book, Dan Brown didn't want to waste a good formula because there are a number of similarities between the two books. Both of them involve puzzles, clues, riddles; both have a mysterious figure lurking in the background; both of them have love interests for our hero, Robert Langdon, who have just suffered the loss of a father-figure.<br/>However, while some of the framework is the same for the books, that didn't take away any of the interest. "Angels and Demons" is really a more spiritually challenging book than "The Da Vinci Code" which was a more intellectual puzzle. It focuses on the battle between religion and science - specifically the Vatican versus CERN - for the hearts and minds of the people.<br/>It's always difficult to review these kinds of books without giving away the plot since that is the major attraction here! However, I think it's fairly safe to give an outline (stop here if you don't want to know anything!): A scientist who has been working on anti-matter at CERN has been killed and branded with a mysterious mark implicating a group who were thought to have died out years ago. Robert Langdon, famed for his work on religious symbology, is brought in to help and quickly finds himself in Rome on the track of this ancient group.<br/>Meanwhile the Pope has died and the cardinals have gathered to elect a new one. Strangely the favorite four candidates have gone missing and a warning about a bomb planted in the vatican is creating problems for the Swiss Guards. Obviously it's up to our hero to get to the bottom of all of this and try to prevent the destruction.<br/>Dan Brown manages to throw red herrings, gotchas and clues up in the air like nobody else. Just when you think you have it solved there's another twist which, though sudden, is totally expected once you've seen it. Magical! This is a great thriller for anyone interested in mysteries of any kind.
 There isn't much new I can say regarding the galloping madness of Angels&amp; Demons, Dan Brown's prequel to the runaway bestseller da Vinci Code. Certainly it sets the stage for the entrance of Professor Robert Langdon into thriller fiction, into a frenzied twenty-four hours involving the election of a pope, the death of a virtuous scientist, the apparent re-emergence of an ancient conspiracy, and the intrigue of a beautiful, accomplished woman, Vittoria Vetra, who is seeking her father's killer. (POSSIBLE SPOILERS below).<br/><br/>I will say that IN CONTEXT Dan Brown's story works quite well. Prof Langdon is summoned to solve the butchery of a famed phyicist who is also a priest, and in doing so, is swept into a runaway train of confusing clues regarding a conspiracy dedicated to avenging Galileo. Brown piles on the details with a shovel, regarding Bernini's statues, the Illuminati, the use of "space-planes", the Vatican archives, the list just goes on and on. Certainly Brown is creative, filling in myriad details such as the final tea of the "prefireti", details that don't exist in real life but come across as believable even so.<br/><br/>And this is where the book falls apart:  Brown plays havoc with the  artifacts of Rome, drowning one cardinal in a very public fountain for example. This is the Eternal, not the Emerald, City, with definite churches, streets, history. The cardinals have come to Rome to choose a pope, not crown Queen Ozma of Oz; there are specific details of the Catholic Church that end up getting glossed over or distorted, and as such just don't work. Had the good Professor been teaching at famed fictional Miskatonic University of Lovecraft fame, such tangled history could be accepted, trying to place Brown's story in this world is like a description of the Statue of Liberty outside the Golden Gate Bridge: You try, but it never quite works.<br/><br/>As an exciting read, it's great fun; as anything else it disappoints. For a very different take on the same elements, read "God's Spy" by Gomez-Jurado.
 Dan Brown novels seem to be really very good yarns with praises of two other novels by Dan Brown: "Deception Point" and "Da Vinci code." Robert Langdon is a professor of religious iconology at Harvard University. He was awoken by CERN director Maximilian Kohler's phone call to invite him to see a dead body branded "Illuminati" on the chest. Langdon was requested to come by a special plane prepared for him which cruises in mach 15! Incredible stories start and dash in this speed!<br/><br/>Leonardo Vetra was brutally murdered by the long lost fanatic group named Illuminati. Dr. Vetra was secretly researching on the antimatter with her stepdaughter Vittoria. This secretly made antimatter was stolen to make it a time bomb to destroy Vatican City as the vengeance of the prosecution of Illuminati scientists four hundred years ago.<br/><br/>Robert and Vittoria search the four murder scenes set up by the Illuminati assassin hour after hour. The hints were buried in the ancient Illuminati markers that were revealed by Robert's great historical expertise. This kind of chase is quite a thrilling one, but the chase is too long to keep reader's unabating interests. When I felt the end of the story, it had still over 100 pages to go! The story itself is quite interesting but it slowed down to be savored by readers. What an amazing story-telling talent Dan Brown has!
 This is the predecessor of DaVinci Code, Langdon's first adventure which takes place in Rome.  It has the same elements than DaVinci Code like: a killer doing the dirty work of the master plan, main characters moving from an artwork site to artwork site in order to get clues for the next site, a bumbling law enforcement body (in this case the Swiss Guard) and another round of Vatican bashing.  The parallel plot forming at first seemed like a replay of DaVinci Code but just the same the book still was interesting to read because of the mystery of who was responsible putting the antimatter bomb within the Vatican.  Also Dan Brown did a good job of teasing the reader by throwing in plot twists and using suspense.  The plot twist at the end of the book was kind of a disappointment because it just seemed like one too many twists but you'll be the judge of that.  The book reads pretty easily as the chapters are short and the prose is simple.  This genre of book isn't the type of book that needs esoteric words that slow down the comprehension to the reader.  Buy the book if you enjoy suspense or like Dan Brown's style of writing otherwise I would think that if you're a casual reader there may be a chance you won't like this book.
 Several reviewers have already mentioned the factual, historical, scientific and translation errors, so there's no point in going over those in detail.  The most offensive part of the book to me was the poor writing and plotting.  Brown's foreshadowing served absolutely no purpose; neither did his editorializing. The implausibility of the characters' breadth of knowledge is laughable.  On the positive side, though, one has to admire Brown's ability to get the reader to turn pages; despite the poor writing, the book is a Patterson-like read.<br/><br/>Although I can't fault the author for the blurbs printed on the cover, I have to wonder if those reviewers who referred to the book as "smart" and "high IQ" are the types who wear round, plain-glass specs because they think it makes them "look" intelligent?<br/><br/>I hope that the tremendously popular _DaVinci Code_ (which I have not read) demonstrates a maturation of the author and his talents.
 "Angels and Demons" features a pre-Da-Vinci-Code Robert Langdon attempting to solve a murder mystery with implications reaching all the way to the papacy in Rome. As such it is very well done; it is very readable and entertaining, with a somewhat clever climax that was tough to predict. At the same time, the book is very cheesy with shallow characterisation. The Hassassin is nothing more than the same type of hulking idiot as the murderer in TdVC, Langdon is an inept neurotic who always happens to figure everything out at the last minute, and the popes wander around Vatican City like in a scared huddle like a group of teenage girls. The best thing about this book is the interesting theme throughout of the eternal fight between science and religion, and how far the Vatican will go to make sure technological breakthroughs never make people question their faith. If you're looking for an easy read (without the religious controversy of TdVC) then this is for you.
 I am going to try my hardest to give this book a fair review. I really am.  And I welcome discussion in the comment section from people who disagree with me.  Maybe I just missed something in this celebrated book.<br/><br/>First, I must say that although the author tends to be long-winded, I did enjoy the writing style of it.  I liked the details and descriptions of things the characters were seeing: the churches, the cathedrals, the sculptures, etc.  After reading the book I searched for pictures of some of the sculptures and I must say that the real thing matched pretty closely with the image I had in my mind's eye.  So bravo to Mr. Brown for his word-smithing.  Additionally, although the writing *appears* to be complex and intelligent, it is actually very accessible and the 600-ish pages really seemed to fly by.  I finished this book in just a few hours.  It is very easy to read.  Furthermore, hats off to John Langdon for the clever ambigrams!<br/><br/>However, parts of the story just seemed... outright silly.  Impossibly silly.  Sometimes silly is good, like when you write a children's story about entering a fantastic world called Narnia through a closet.  But it's not appropriate for a story in which the author is trying to convince his readers that these are real places and this can happen with real people.  For example, would YOU follow a dangerous assassin into a dark place, by yourself, armed only with a little pistol?  Would YOU jump out of a helicopter that is 4,000 feet in the air with just a little sheet to break your fall?  Would YOU confront a dangerous man alone and tell him to "confess your sins?"  Every time one of these things happened (and these are just a few examples), I rolled my eyes.  It didn't feel suspenseful, it just felt stupid.  And -- I don't want to give anything away -- the plot twist at the end of the story... Let's just say it left much to be desired.<br/><br/>And finally -- here comes the controversial part -- the portrayal of the church left me with a sour taste in my mouth.  Here we have a book with many, many complaints about how the Church has stifled science for centuries.  Many portrayals of corrupt individuals inside the church.  Yes, I understand that history can't be denied, and these things happened, but out of all the characters in the book, there were perhaps two that actually came across as real Christians.  And there are people who say, "In this book, the Church comes out looking pretty good, what are you upset about?"  The only reason the Church comes out looking pretty good is because of an elaborate deception.  The string of events in this book is shameful, really, from a Christian point of view.  The person behind the killings is a jaded Catholic priest -- forgiveness comes with the territory!  And then the deception, that was the most insulting of all: Please, don't tell anyone who murdered these people because it will make people lose faith in God?  Really?  Are Christians so empty-headed that they need an elaborate lie to maintain their faith?  What's next, Mr. Brown?  Are you going to write a novel about how Robert Langdon walks on water to give Christians faith in God?  Hmm?<br/><br/>In short, I found this novel just a little too shallow for my taste.
 I almost called this review: "Harvard Professor Wins Heart of Girl Scientist." For ninety percent of the book this summed it up for me.  But, near the end, the story line became somewhat unpredictable, my interest rose and my vision of the book broadened some.<br/><br/>Set in Switzerland and Italy, the story begins when a scientist at Geneva's CERN laboratory is found murdered and a Harvard professor is called in to help interpret evidence.  The scientist's winsome step daughter and scientific partner is called back from a field trip and joins with the Harvard professor in a fast-paced search for an anti-matter bomb hidden somewhere in the Vatican.  The bomb is not a weaponized application of some new scientific discovery.  It is simply an anti-matter trap that holds a visible amount of anti-matter, a huge amount compared to typical anti-matter traps encountered in high energy physics laboratories.  When the anti-matter containment of the trap fails, as is inevitable under certain conditions, the anti-matter will annihilate and blow up the Vatican.<br/><br/>The terrorist group is quickly identified as the Illuminati whose members oppose the Church's anti-scientific positions and its historical persecution of scientists.  The Illuminati go back as far as the sixteenth century and an understanding of Renaissance symbology proves essential for unraveling the plot and saving the Vatican.  That is the field of expertise of the Harvard professor.  Anti-matter is the field of expertise of the winsome girl and she is the one ultimately responsible for having created the anti-matter trap at the center of the story.  But her role mostly is to be an action-woman and occasional sex object.<br/><br/>The objective of the protagonists is first to find the anti-matter and remove it to a safe place before it blows up and second to unmask the perpetrators of the conspiracy if possible.  Accomplishing this in the few hours available is a Herculean feat that draws on the Harvard professor's broad and deep knowledge of his field of expertise.  It involves the Vatican Swiss Guard, access to the Vatican Archives, rapid trips between churches and monuments in Rome, a search of the publicly accessible areas of the Vatican, etc.  Along the way murder occurs.<br/><br/>The timing of the terrorist threat is concurrent with a meeting of the College of Cardinals in the Sistine Chapel to elect a new Pope.  The former Pope died fifteen days earlier and is later found to have been a victim of the terrorists.  To heighten the intrigue and underscore the audacity of the terrorist group, the four Cardinals most likely to be elected Pope have been kidnapped from Vatican City and are under threat of death.  Regrettably, each one is sacrificed.<br/><br/>In the end the anti-matter is found, the Vatican is saved, the Harvard professor gets the winsome girl, and Catholicism gets two new Popes, one of whom commits suicide almost immediately after election by acclamation, the other of whom is a character of some but not great importance to the plot.<br/><br/>Two historical figures, the scientist Galileo and the architect Bernini play major roles in the story.  Despite the author's claim that his facts are all accurate, many of what masquerade as facts about Galileo and Bernini whither under historical scrutiny.  Also, what masquerades as scientific fact in this book is largely science fiction.  The undeniable technological truths are that anti-matter traps really do exist and that the explosive potential of an annihilation between macroscopic amounts of matter and anti-matter greatly outweighs the explosive potential of nuclear weaponry.<br/><br/>For most of the book, once the situation is fully presented to the reader, the story line is painfully predictable.  The writing style is what one might expect of a moderately talented college sophomore or junior, i.e., there is a large number of people who do not represent themselves as professional authors who could easily write as well as Dan Brown does.  What raises the book above the purely amateurish level is the surprising and clever ending.  Along with this cleverness, the author's prose style improves and becomes almost engaging.  Regrettably, the reader has to plow through about 90% of the book before the better part of the book is reached.  Leave the best 'til last as they say.<br/><br/>If you are looking for literature, you won't find it here.  If you are looking for action you will find it here but there are other books that have done it much better.  Dan Brown's own "The Da Vinci Code" is one of these.  I can't recommend that anyone else read this book.  So, why did I?  I have the wasteful habit of giving an author every chance and so commit myself to finishing any book I start.  The last 10% of the book was my reward.  But the reward wasn't great enough to outweigh the burden of all the poor writing I had to read to reach it.
 I wish I had read this before the Da Vinci Code (DVC) as it was like taking a step back.  I wanted to read it because constant references are made to it in the DVC and as it is the first in the series about Robert Langdon I thought it would be nice to know how it all started.  Unfortunately I didn't discover how it all started what I got was a re-working of the DVC or as this was written first I guess DVC is a re-working of this though with more maturity.<br/><br/>The plot is the same in both, they both have secret societies, the catholic church, a completely misguided priest who appears to have risen to the heights of power without anyone realising they are warped, a murder, a beautiful woman etc etc.  The DVC does however make you think it could possibly be, this for me was just completely unbelievable.  I just hope we are not seeing the development of an entirely formulaic writing style where one book is indistinguishable from another.<br/><br/>At the end of the day it is a matter of personal taste.  I read the DVC first and liked it better than this.  Friends who read this first thought the DVC was a waste of time.  So how you will find this book appears to be dependent on what you may or may not have read previously by the same author.
 Just in time for the 21st century, Dan Brown jumps to the top of the mass-market suspense/thriller genre with a handful of intricately plotted and furiously paced novels. The best of these -- despite the incredible sales and longevity of THE DA VINCI CODE -- is by far ANGELS &amp; DEMONS.<br/>Propelling it's lead character (symbologist Robert Langdon) and readers into an enigmatic plot that unwinds page by page, ANGELS &amp; DEMONS touches on science, religion, history, art, architecture... With every turn of the page, you descend deeper and faster into a story in which the very existence of God hangs in the balance.<br/>The characters are thin, their motivations and actions are sometimes odd, but the relentless plot pushes you onward. The historical elements are recognizable enough to make you wonder about the truth of these details, but not overbearing. The pace is so quick anyway that you won't have enough time to be slowed down.<br/>ANGELS &amp; DEMONS isn't aspiring to be a history lesson, a scientific thesis, or a critical essay, but it DOES aspire, quite successfully, to be a no-rest-for-the weary, no-holds-barred, white-knuckled, page-turner of a thriller.<br/>Sometimes that's all you need.
 Bored with your life? Looking for a loyal companion who won't leave your side? Well pick up a copy of Dan Brown's Angels and Demons. This fast paced thrill ride of a book will leave your heart racing from the first paragraph to the very last sentence. Topping the bestsellers lists for months, this book is an absolute must have for your collection.<br/><br/>The brand of a secret brotherhood Illuminati has just resurfaced after a century's disappearance on the chest of freshly murdered physicist Leonardo Vetra. A weapon capable of total obliteration has been stolen and placed in the hands of a once believed defunct secret society whose one objective is to destroy the Catholic Church. Now it is up to Robert Langdon, a world-renowned symbologist and the dark mysterious scientist Vittoria Vetra to save the Vatican in time. Follow them through a maze of mystery, puzzles, codes, deep and abandoned cathedrals, crypts and the lair of the brotherhood itself.<br/><br/>Once you begin this addicting cliffhanger of a novel, you will not want to put it down. This gripping story will you leave you craving for more. If this doesn't satisfy your quest for a great work of fiction, check out Dan Brown's other novels, The Da Vinci Code, Deception Point and Digital Fortress.
 Angels and Demons is a page-turning thriller that achieves a fine balance of action and intrigue in a breakneck pace. The first half of the book, which devotes to principles of physics, though somewhat slow, sets up for the later frantic hunt through sealed crypts, deserted churches, and forbidden Vatican archives. The remaining of the book is packed with pulse-accelerating action and yarns suspense. It coaxes readers through loops.<br/>Leonardo Vetra is a prominent particle physicist at the CERN institute. His life dream is to rectify science and religion; to mitigate the century-old rift between the two, for he believes the two different approaches converge to the same truth about creationism. He devises an unprecedented experiment, which led to discovery of a destructive weapon (the antimatter), to show that religion and science do complement each other in the most unanticipated way. More importantly, his work has finally tugged God's involvement in the scientific theory.<br/>At the dawn of his fulfillment of life dream Leonardo Vetra is murdered. Professor Robert Langdon is summoned to CERN to analyze a cryptic symbol seared to the chest of the physicist. Langdon stared at the deadly vendetta ambrigram in disbelief for the homicide implies that the brotherhood of Illuminati, a centuries-old, deceased underground organization, has resurfaced and infiltrated the Vatican.<br/>What follows is Langdon's embarkation on intriguing loops to chase after the killer and unsolve the mystery of the Path of Illumination.<br/>Historical Background and Myth. The Illuminati dated back to the 1500s when the Catholic Church had always persecuted scientists and ineluctably led to a jaundiced rift between science and religion. A group of scientists banded together to combat the church's tyranny and proclaimed science did not undermine the existence of God. For two millennia, the Catholic Church had exclusively claimed the quest for truth, manipulated the truth to suit its needs, and murdered those whose discoveries did not serve its politics. The Illuminati had waited for more than 400 years for the day when Vatican will be annihilated. The brotherhood had infiltrated the most elite organization and incurred fear that among people whose faith it removed. The brotherhood had vowed to stay silent as long as it took, amassing enough influence and power that the organization can resurface without fear but indomitable retaliation, confirming the conspiratorial myths as fact.<br/>While the hints to the Path of Illumination (series of carefully marked symbolic markers placed in public locations around the city of Rome) have dawned on Langdon, the Vatican hosts at the St. Peter Basilica the IL Conclave, the election of the new Pope. The entire power structure of the Roman Catholic Church was jeopardized as all 165 cardinals from all over the world are sitting on a time bomb.<br/>Angels and Demons is a quick brainy thriller, a blockbuster perfection if not a literary masterpiece. The fast-moving action and the twist-and-turn plot make the book "unputdownable". Whether it is believable I will leave to readers but all the locales, references to arts and churches and the Illuminati brotherhood are factual.  A historical thriller.<br/>2004 (31) © MY
 I read this when it first came out, in a hardcover illustrated version.  I would like to purchase the Kindle versions of all the books in this series,  but only if I can get them in illustrated versions.
 Angels and Demons, is a much more accomplished work with respect to Da Vinci code. Where the Da Vinci is more cerebral and arm-chair adventurous in nature, Angels and Demons is more on-the-site kind of adventure. Where Da vinci is more soft and tries to avoid blood and gore, A&amp;D is bold and provocative in terms of it's violent content. A&amp;D felt more real, more like a mainstream pulp-fiction novel. Where Da-Vinci had long passages of "Discovery channel" like documentary type renditions spoken by the lead characters, for the purpose of educating the user on the various nuances of the plots and sub-plots of the story, here in A&amp;D, the renditions are kept to a minimum serving only to initiate the reader into the story which chugs along on its on plot momentum. This is more in the stream of the main-stream thrillers but with the characteristic Dan Brown flavour. A&amp;D is more suitable and in fact can go into a movie production without many changes because it is perfectly fit for the medium. What A&amp;D has is intrigue, mystery and a lot of cat and mouse suspense and action which was not very much a part of Da Vinci; at least the action part wasn't there. This time the story doesn't revolve around a totally earthshaking conspiracy theory, but a plot structure which is a little less epic in scope but nevertheless, a fun journey. Once again we are out on a quest with Mr. Langdon and we get to sample, age old precious documents, genuine artifacts, recognizable monuments and famous landmarks. Also the new thing in this novel with respect to Da Vinci is the tech factor. I can safely say that Dan Brown is a  religio-techno-thriller writer. His approach is like Michael Crichton, but extends Michael Crichton and tries to add religious overtones to a techno-thriller. And just like Michael Crichton, he puts in a hell of a lot of research into the subject matter, which makes everything all too credible. He is versatile and very accomplished at every sub-style of writing. If you read "deception point" which is a techno-political thriller, you'll understand what I mean. Langdon and Vetra pair together well, but as in any Dan Brown story, the story and back-drop is so immense in scope and complexity that the characters take a back seat to all the intriguing and enlightening situations. Also Dan has a made a habit out of writing stories which involve famous institutions and secret cults. In A&amp;D, CERN + Vatican city are the famous institutions as the backdrop and the secret cult this time is the Illuminati. Once again, you'll learn quite a few facts which you will be surprised to hear. But all the same, the ride will be fun, entertaining, and illuminating. Also Dan has the ability to write these really neat pages where the characters will get a flashback and recall something in the past. The way these pages are written and also the way Dan provides passages where the characters exhibit introspection are a hallmark of a great writer. Dan Brown is able to successfully synthesize a thrilling cloak-and-dagger atmosphere, a credible plot idea involving genuine and very real institutions/cults, hardcore facts (borne out of hard research) intermeshed with a good sound hi-tech backgrounds. In almost every one of his novels, you'll learn a thing or two about which you were never aware. This book is better than the Da Vinci code. In my view it's just a matter of chance that Da vinci became the novel through which we know Dan Brown. Although DVC is a first rate novel and deserves to be in the bestseller's list, A&amp;D should have got there first. May be DVC enjoyed better marketing. Most of the time the bestseller are also a product of rave reviews from select publications , and good promotional events + content which actually deserves to be a bestseller (obviously, this is a mandatory requirement). After that it is a run-away effect. In my view, Dan reached bestseller status the day he completed A&amp;D.
 Why was our hero, and "Harvard symbologist" Robert Langdon's Harris Tweed coat mentioned many times?  So much so that I was expecting it to be used to pull him out of another cliffhanger.  But given Brown's use of symbolism  to make the most tenuous connections, perhaps this is a clue that Langdon is part of the Templar-Masonic-Illuminati-Satanist conspiracy.  For inside each Harris Tweed coat is the  symbol of an orb topped with a Maltese cross.  Or perhaps it reveals him as a amember of a secret Christian organization?  It could go either way, just as the all-seeing eye and the pyramid have been Christian as well as  Masonic symbols.<br/>  I did find it a thriller and page turner, but at first felt Brown was trying too hard to impress us with his knowledge, mixed with his imagination.  He slipped at least once - a glaring anachronism with a paragraph telling us that early Christianity adopted elements from the Aztecs.  I enjoyed the movie "National Treasure", and enjoyed "The Amber Room".  I have not yet read the Da Vinci code, but felt a touch of superiority in the author's tone in this book.
 This book is amazing and one of the best books I have ever read. I highly recommend the series by the way, which I read in about a week on holiday. This is my favourite of the books though, I am also a huge fan of the films and I am waiting for Inferno!<br/>The characters are interesting and developed. My favourite character is Vittoria Vetra, Brown instills her with a sense of conviction and passion that every author strives to do but rarely accomplishes. The book made me want to learn more about her, and I was sad not to see her again, despite knowing that it had to be done. The characters are purposeful and no character is a time-waster. Each chapter is written in 3rd person but from a different character's perspective, giving depth to the storyline.<br/>The plot is well-constructed and engaging. I kept guessing throughout the book, despite having seen the film beforehand.<br/>The book's 24 hour timeframe added a palpable sense of tension, but the book wasn't rushed. Dan Brown is a brilliant author and I really enjoyed the series.
 Angels and Demons is a fast moving, action packed suspense thriller again dealing with the Catholic Church. In fact in this book we deal with the heart of the Catholic Church in the Vatican itself. As with The Da Vinci Code the premise of the book has to do with a long time alleged enemy of the Catholic Church. This time it is the "Illuminati".<br/>Illuminati<br/>An esoteric society of scientists and artisans of which Gallileo was a founding member. Formed in the sixteen hundreds, its members were ostensibly persecuted, hunted and even murdered by the Catholic Church, as at the time the church believed science was incompatible with church dogma. Illuminati were rumored to have eventually mainstreamed and infiltrated, banking establishments, industry, governments and the Masons. They were thought to be defunct for a generation.<br/>A scientist at the world's foremost scientific research facility CERN, has been murdered. In addition he has been branded with an ambigram (meaning reading the same upside down) spelling out the word ILLUMINATI. Later discovered is that the product of the project the murdered scientist, Leonardo Vetra, was working on (anti-matter)is missing, stolen from a secure location. Gram for gram it is the most powerful substance on Earth and it is in the hands of an underground with a deadly vendetta against the Catholic Church.<br/>Robert Langdon is awakened at five in the morning by a strange man who says he needs to come to his lab ASAP.<br/>Thinking the guy is a crackpot Langdon hangs up and tries to go back to bed but then his fax machine starts to receive a message. Curious he retrieves the facsimile and is shocked by what it contains. Still stunned, he finally realized the sender was still on the line wanting to talk so he picked up the line.<br/>A short time later Langdon is on a mach fifteen plane to Geneva, Switzerland and a date with destiny.<br/>Wheelbound Director of CERN, Maximillian Kohler, called Langdon because he was listed on the internet as an expert on Illuminati, having written a book, "The Art of the Illuminati". It seems the Illuminati a longtime blood enemy of Chritianity in general and especially Catholicism has stolen something which, if removed from the protective environs of CERN for twenty-four hours, will explode with a force greater than a nuclear bomb.<br/>After meeting the lovely but distraught daughter of the murder victim, Vittoria, also a scientist then discovering the missing anti-matter, Kohlers secretary finally locates him and says the Vatican has been desperately trying to get ahold of him. They want to know what a canister with CERN's logo and apparently counting down is doing in some unknown location in the Vatican, what it is and how it got there.<br/>I'll bet you want to know too. I know I did.<br/>Angels and Demons has so much action and suspense that it had me mesmerized after sixty or seventy pages. It is certainly not a simple story. The story is involved, complex and convoluted and it is told with finesse in a writing style that is quite easy to follow. Unlike The Da Vinci Code, this story comes together wonderfully, doesn't drag and is fully believable. The character development was great as was some tricky misdirection. It seems like it ends several times and to Brown's credit each probable ending is better than the last.<br/>In a nutshell, if you liked The Da Vinci Code, I don't see how you could not like Angels and Demons.<br/>Final rating: 4.75 stars
 Unlike a lot of readers, I read Angels and Demons before reading The Da Vinci Code, so I can't really compare the two books directly (although I've been told they are pretty similar).<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons introduces the reader to Brown's protagonist, Robert Langdon, professor of religious iconology and art history at Harvard University. A&amp;D begins with Langdon being awakened in the middle of the night by a phone call from the director of CERN, the world's largest scientific research facility in Geneva, Switzerland. One of their top physicists had been murdered, with his chest branded with the word "Illuminati." Langdon, being an expert on the ancient secret society known as the Illuminati, is called upon to help solve the murder.<br/><br/>The murder victim is Leonardo Vetra. One of the world's leading physicists and a Catholic priest who has adopted a daughter, Vittoria (who ends up being Langdon's foil for this story).  She is also a scientist at CERN. Vetra and his daughter created the antimatter to simulate the Big Bang. In his mind, this would show proof that God exists, being able to create new matter and antimatter in the same way God created the universe. Vetra's murder, though, allows one of the canisters to be stolen. The question of who stole the canister and what they planned to do with it is soon answered. The canister is quickly found on a security camera in Vatican City, with its LEDs counting down the time until the batteries run out. The security camera, however, is nowhere to be found, leaving the canister's whereabouts a mystery too (this is one of those plot holes that Brown gets a lot of heat for -- it would be easy for someone to triangulate the signal from a wireless video camera and locate it quickly, but I digress). Langdon and Vittoria quickly set off on a chase through Rome and Vatican City, to help find the canister and return it to CERN before it explodes at midnight.<br/><br/>The story takes a while to get going, with a lot of introduction and history and exposition about science and religion at the start.  But once Brown gets down to business (around page 75) I found the plot engaging and pretty good. So much stuff is happening at once, and so much of it is amazingly involved and cool.  I literally didn't want to stop reading to take a short bathroom break on a couple of occasions.  This is the sign of a good story (that I was to read more of it) in my estimation. So I have to say that A&amp;D is one of the most effective page-turners I've read in quite some time.  You can argue with me all you want about the religious iconography and historical interpretation of the story, but in the end, it is just that, a story.  An easy to read, fun story -- not great and meaningful literature (I try not too look for meaning in things where there doesn't have to be meaning).<br/><br/>As Langdon and Vittoria set off on their investigation, they follow a trail of multiple ritualistic murders, the threatened obliteration of an entire country, the potential death of a major world religion, secret societies that go back 500 years, new scientific discoveries that will change the world, and much more. Besides the cult murders taking place and two mysteries to try and unravel, Brown's plot takes us on a frantic chase through the churches of an ancient city following secret symbols left behind during the Italian Renaissance, a countdown to the destruction of an entire nation, and much, much more. It was easy to stay up and finish reading this book over the long 4th of July weekend.<br/><br/>The plot is the strength of the book, it's is easy to get lost in the involved (some say convoluted) intricacies of Brown's story... from about page 50-500. Unfortunately the last 50 pages are over the top melodrama and enclose multiple endings, conveniently wrapping up lots of loose ends in a rather perfunctory manner.  These last 50 pages should have been sent for re-writes by Brown's editors, but as a fan of the SF genre I am used to reading books that require a reader to suspend their disbelief for periods of time so these last 50 pages were not bad enough to ruin the very enjoyable bulk of the story (but I am hoping that he's fixed that short coming in The Da Vinci Code).
 Angels &amp; Demons by Dan Brown<br/>Robert Langdon is a professor of religious symbology. Vittoria Vetra is the beautiful scientist.<br/>They are brought together to track down an assassin who is a member of the deadly Brotherhood of the Illuminati.  He has captured four Vatican cardinals and has pledged to execute each one, using the four elements:-  Earth, Air, Fire and Water.  As well as this, the Illuminati have informed the Vatican there is a new and powerful device, an anti matter bomb, planted beneath the Vatican and set to explode in only a few hours time.  The Illuminati are pledged to destroy the Vatican.  A culmination of the centuries old argument of Science and religion.<br/>Apart from being such a terrific thriller, it is the way in which Dan Brown creates and allows the reader to enter the  thought process of Robert Langdon, and lets the reader think along with him, as he uses all his skill and historical knowledge to try to outwit this assassin.  To save the lives of the cardinals from such a deadly fate.<br/>The ongoing going issue of Science versus Religion is brought strongly to the forefront in Angels and Demons. Thousands of people are gathered in Vatican square still unaware of the bomb ticking away the minutes to their oblivion.  Robert Langdon, battered, bruised but still unremitting, and with the camerlengo - the Priest,  is crawling through the catacombs and underground passages beneath the Vatican.  Can they find and disable the bomb in time?  Can the Church of Rome be saved?  It is here, that each twist and turn in the plot comes into it's own,  cumulating in the final climax (climaxes) as well as a religious "manifestation" and takes the reader through to the end,  in a spellbinding,  page turning frenzy.<br/>One final thought.  Apart from the thrilling potential offered by this novel, I was left with the thought that however beneficial science can be in our lives, whatever new discoveries are made, God is in these discoveries.  He is one and the same and  exists in our lives.  In the words used in the story, by the camerlengo, 'Do you not see God in your science?  How can you miss Him!
 Before the incredible success of "The Da Vinci Code", Dan Brown wrote "Angels and Demons", the first book to feature Robert Langdon as the protagonist. Langdon is a Harvard professor and a symbologist. He studies and lectures on religious symbols and is an expert. His assistance is requested when there is a murder in a highly advanced scientific community. While Langdon questions why he is being asked to investigate a murder with no police involvement the reason is clear when the nature of the murder is revealed: burned into the chest of the victim is the symbol for the "Illuminati". The Illuminati is a secret organization which has its origins in the time of Galileo. The Illuminati were scientists persecuted by the Catholic Church and the organization became rabidly anti-Catholic.<br/><br/> While bringing the Illuminati into the story certainly adds complexity to "Angels and Demons", the stakes are raised once more when the murder leads to a theft of a small amount of man made anti-matter. This is significant because up until the murder victim, nobody had ever created anti-matter on earth and this is a highly volatile substance that even trace amounts can cause a great explosion. The amount of anti-matter stolen is enough to completely destroy city blocks and with the anti-Catholic nature of the Illuminati, the threat of the stolen anti-matter is directed at the Vatican. This is where Robert Langdon comes in. He has to follow a trail of symbols to stop a series of murders and the eventual destruction of the Vatican itself.<br/><br/> In the hands of a lesser writer, this could be an absurd story that fails to work on any level. Amazingly enough, Dan Brown has written a tight, fast paced story where the tension increases and increases as Langdon tries to unravel the symbols that provide a trail of clues to each potential murder victim and the danger touches the highest levels of the Vatican. "Angels and Demons" should not be as interesting as it turned out to be. This is a book that should be so heavy in detail that it weighs the narrative down, but it doesn't. "Angels and Demons" is a gripping story that pulled me in and did not let me go until near the end when Brown may have used one twist too many and the book finally did venture into the absurd. That one absurdity aside, the 9/10 of this book that worked was so good that I feel compelled to use that grand cliche about literature: "it was a real page turner". In this case the cliche is absolutely true. "Angels and Demons" is a "real page turner".<br/><br/> There are many similarities to "The Da Vinci Code". The theme and many of the events are remarkably similar, as are the villains and the ties to the Catholic Church, but where "The Da Vinci Code" was obsessed with the ideas of the conspiracy "Angels and Demons" tells a better story. "Angels and Demons" is the better book of the two (so far) Robert Langdon novels, but the ideas of "The Da Vinci Code" were far more interesting and controversial, which explains the difference in sales. If you haven't read "The Da Vinci Code" yet, start with this one.<br/><br/> -Joe Sherry
 Dan Brown is a fascinating writer, to say the least. As thriller novels go, I would rank his story plots as average, being neither too simplistic and patronizing, nor over the top ridiculous in their premises. But for pure fiction mystery and adventure, his books are among the most entertaining I've read in many years.<br/><br/> Some masters of the genre' create such complex and inscrutable mysteries that only the keenest mind can unravel the clues. John La Carre jumps to mind as the writer whose books require absolute concentration. Some writers create atmosphere and environments that are almost palpable. Martin Cruz is perhaps the most evocative creator of environment. When he wrote about the ship in POLAR STAR, you could almost smell the fish. P.D. James' major strength lies in characters that are wholly believable.<br/><br/> Dan Brown's talent, or hook if you prefer, is the creative way in which he weaves religions, artwork and secret societies into fantastic, yet nearly credible plots. The combination of ancient and secret plans that take decades, or even centuries to come to fruition appeals to that little conspiracy theory seed that's been planted in our collective brains. Brown takes supposed historical facts and bends them to his will, creating compelling and entertaining drama. True, his books do tend to be contrived, formulaic, and somewhat over the top; nevertheless they are fun to read and difficult to set aside.<br/><br/> If you're looking for religious truths - more scholarly works are available at your local library, church or synagogue. If you want a rudimentary education in art history, take a class at your nearest community college. But, if you want to read a ripping good yarn, full of twists and turns, and satisfyingly predictable enough to allow you to marvel at just how smart you really are (ah-ha, I knew it!), then try Angels and Demons.
 I said it once and I'll say it again...I enjoy Dan Brown's novels because they interlace history, religion, and story together. I was quite entertained and couldn't put the book down. Angels and Demons is laced with fun facts about electing a pope and the Vatican, like that St. Peter's bones are not in the golden casket in St. Peter's Basilica, but two stories under it. Brown knows the layout. And that the artist Raphael's last name was Santi. He also knows how marble statues were carved. This book is a heart-stopping thriller that keeps you turning pages until you arrive exhausted at the end...You'll find this book totally fascinating and incredibly compelling. You will easily get caught up in the story. I believe this is Dan Brown BEST non-stop thriller that will take your breath away.
 After the Da Vinci Code had been on the bestseller list for almost a year, I decided to embark down the road with Dan Brown to discover his character Dan Langdon and the world he is a part of.  To begin with though, I started with Angels &amp; Demons under the possibility that chronology played a part in the novels.<br/><br/>One of the first things noticed was the use of historical events, organizations and people and how he used them to flesh out his setting.  However, not everything was drawn from the past either, the think-tank in Switzerland, Vatican City and Rome were all interesting settings.  He does well with blending his fiction with the real world, though I would recommend a reader use nonfiction resources about what he talks about to clear fiction from fact.<br/><br/>With reading both Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons, I found that they both stand on their own well.  They can be read in any order.<br/><br/>However, they both use the same basic plot formula.  Also I found the writing in Angels &amp; Demons to not run as smoothly at times.  There was one point in at an air tunnel where he foreshadows too obviously.<br/><br/>Overall though, I would recommend this book to anyone who likes a nice thriller and would like art and history worked into the writing.
 It would be quite reasonable to believe that reviewers who rave about this book and this author have never read anything of merit. Otherwise why on Earth would they laud this juvenile twaddle to the skies? Okay, a casual glance at the advertising blurb suggests an interesting story line - so one buys the book: only to be thoroughly disappointed! The hero, if you believe he justifies the accolade, is a bumbling, uncharismatic, uninteresting, sexless incompetent, who, inconveniently, manages to remain alive through a series of increasingly unbelievable escapades: this, despite the best efforts of a dastardly villain, and his minnions and then only through the efforts of the heroin who, for some perverse reason does her best to entice the twerp into bed. The book ends at that point so we never find out whether or not she awakens the following morning to realize the dire mistake she has made.<br/><br/>A few pages in and it soon dawns that what the author actually had in mind when he perpetrated this offence to rational thinking was a film contract. He even has the temerity to suggest that his 'hero' resembles Harrison Ford! "Harrison, don't do it! You don't need the money and, in any case, Rowan Atkinson in Mr Bean mode would suit the part perfectly!"
 Well, do you need another review of "Angles and Demons"? Probably not, but my thoughts on it anyway for your consideration.<br/><br/>Like so many others, I came to this book (hard cover, paperback was not published yet) immediately after "DaVinci Code", and the thing that struck me the most, I think, was the fact that it was such a thrill-ride, equal to, and in some ways, surpassing "The Code". When I say this, I do not mean that it was a "better book", but I was just dazzeled that Brown could write another book with so much going on, and so swiftly...one finds themselves "breathless" reading both of these books.<br/><br/>Plausibility??? SO many people get so frantically caught up in minor details, etc., arguing against questioning/attacking Catholic Dogma....Who Cares??? This is FICTION folks! Relax, and go for the ride! Written for entertainment...Hello.<br/><br/>More fun and exciting than a barrel of '12 monkeys' with a book of matches and a stick of dynamite each! Election of Popes, illuminati, anti-matter, comings, goings, Vatican hocus-pocus, etc. Plausible? Does it matter if the story picks you up and swirls you along, breathlessly, from page 3 until the last page???<br/><br/>A great read. I was completely caught up in it, as with "DaVinci Code", and read both of them in an afternoon and evening each, not putting either down until I had finished. How could it be otherwise with one of Dan Brown's books?  ~operabruin
 The only annoying thing about this book was that I kept getting interrupted as I tried to read it. Having never read a Dan Brown book I finally succumbed to friends' pressure and protestations of superlative thriller writing and started this effort, steering away from the Da Vinci code. Now I rue the time wasted between publication and reading.<br/>  Quite simply this is the finest thriller writer to emerge in recent years. In Angels and Demons, Dan Brown combined a taste of cutting edge science with the deepest Illuminati symbology and secret societes and the two thousand year history of the Catholic Church into a blockbuster of immense proportions.<br/>  From the opening sequences at CERN, Geneva where art history professor, Robert Langton is called in by Director Kohler to investigate the branded murder of one of its leading scientists to the final fateful denoument in the Vatican, Brown races us alongside Robert and Vittoria on a cyptic map through the Holy City as they unravel the Gallileo-inspired poem by Milton to discover where the four leading Cardinal candidates for the Papacy are scheduled to die under the concepts of Earth, Air, Fire and Water.<br/>The action takes place over a single long day as the pair seek to locate the missing anti-matter bomb, decode the poem and locate the four angel churches of Bernini where the gruesome murders are scheduled by the Hassasin and finally reach the bomb. A splendid cast of supporting characters, the BBC camera crew, Glick and Macri, the new papal leader in the form of the Camerlengo, the Swiss Guard Commander, Olivetti and a host of others keep our senses finely tuned as we race against time.<br/>Dan Brown is a thriller writer that creates as much tension and excitement as could possibly be wished for and any reader will gets instantly hooked into a one-sitting read. I've not come across something this good, since Stel Pavlou's `Decipher'. Sure, it can be criticised for simple plot, extravagant scientific and conspiracy theory verbiage and it does sermonise but that's not the point. It's a fictional thriller and one thing it achieves admirably.... is it gripping.<br/>  A must read for a fan of the thriller genre.
 Angels and Demons by Dan Brown was an earlier version of The DaVinci Code. The basic plot is that Robert Langdon, the hero of the DaVinci Code, is awakened at an ungodly hour of the morning for an emergency meeting with a high powered person, in this case, the leader of CERN, the world's leading science research facility. As a result of that meeting, Robert must travel to Rome with a female sidekick that is much smarter than him, in order to prevent what would surely be a massive castastrophe if they do not prevent it, including deaths of cardinals and destruction of the Vatican.<br/><br/>The main character seemed to be clueless; for an art historian and symbology expert that worked at Harvard, he didn't appear to catch on to obvious Illuminati symbology in many of the tourist spots in Rome.  The twists and turns that the plot took were also painfully predictable, possibly because the book mirrors the DaVinci Code so closely with regards to plot and character development.  The characters were painfully shallow and not developed at all. Also, I was offended by the fact that Mr. Brown kept reminding the readers that his nemesis, the Hassassin (sp?), was dark skinned and possibly an Arab.  It was racist in its implications, but maybe I'm reading way too much into it, considering the nature of the world that we live in today.
 Once again, Dan Brown has sent me scurrying to my computer to look up information on the internet...illuminati, ambigrams,<br/>papal elections, Vatican library, Bernini sculptures, etc.  I am having so much fun reading his novels!  The fact that he bases so much of his works on actual historical data is giving me a jolt of knowledge I never knew before.  This time, Robert Langdon is called into service to study the death of a scientist who has etched in his chest an ambigram...a sign that can be read the same both right way and up-side down.  Whisked to the Vatican, Langdon finds himself in the middle of a papal conclave...choosing a new pope.  With a destructive bit of anti-matter being secreted in the Vatican, and time ticking down, Robert must unravel the mystery.  Bernini sculptures are important!<br/>  Several years ago a custodian on the staff at my school kept talking about the Illuminati and how dangerous they were.<br/>He convinced me to read a book about them.  It seemed so preposterous that I felt I would never hear of them again.  Boy,<br/>was I wrong!  Now I want to find out more about anti-matter!
 Those three words summarise what this books stands for. The book isn't driven by deep (or any) character development, but by the plot and character stereotypes. I can appreciate why people fall for this book (or any other of his books) because it hits the ground running and accelerates hard from page one on. There is no time for resting, reflecting or indulging in this book. The characters feel like being constructed out of a trashy version of Indiana Jones with all their usual clichés such as that the hero falls in love with the heroine who happens to be a Yoga guru (and yes he makes a stupid comment at the end of the book about her flexibility in certain intimate situations...). Other reviewers made some comments about serious flaws in the history, language and other technicalities of the story. I agree with some of these comments, especially when it comes down to the wireless camera subplot (but I let you guys figure that out)! I would prefer Dan Brown spent more time on his character development rather than somersaulting the story with implausible twists and inconsistent characters. Based on the outlined reason I award the book with 3 stars.
 This has to be Dan Brown's best novel to date.  I've read THE DAVINCI CODE and DECEPTION POINT.  A&amp;D takes the prize.  What a book!  Have you ever read anything that blends murder mystery, symbology, Catholicism, science, a secret society, and that Vatican?  Of course not.  This book is a first.<br/>Even if Brown made this up and made errors in his descriptions of the inner workings of the papal process, this is still a masterful book blending a secret society of science called the Illuminati with the intrigue of Catholicism at the highest level.  A very interesting description of the process by which the Pope is elected.  I found the background workings of the popes office to be enlightening and entertaining.<br/>This is Robert Langdon's first adventure, even before the DC.  All the characters are vividly described.  Though some have criticized this book as anti-Catholic, I was left with a great respect and appreciation of the religion.<br/>I would highly recommend this novel to anyone looking for an above-average read.<br/>My only criticism is that some of the murders are graphically described.  Not for the weak of stomach.
 As an action/suspense novel, Dan Brown keeps the story high-paced with surprises around every corner. However, when reading this book, you really have to suspend any sense of logic, knowledge of history, or common sense that you have because the book's characters sometimes claim, say, or do some unbelievable things.<br/><br/>For one example, the main character, Robert Langdon, a college professor, tells his students that the concepts of the sacrament, which Jesus Christ introduced at the last supper, and Jesus' atoning for the sins of the world were borrowed by Christianity from the Aztec and ancient Latin American culture.<br/><br/>Of course this claim is amazing since Christopher Columbus did not arrive in the Americas until many centuries later in 1492! Either this mistake got past Dan Brown and the editors or maybe Dan Brown is really trying to say Jesus Christ is God since only a supreme being could know what another civilization is doing on an unknown continent.<br/><br/>Another major flaw is Brown's claim that Galileo was persecuted by religion. Galileo was persecuted by the Catholic Church, but he was supported financially, emotionally, and intellectually by three members who were Protestant.<br/><br/>If you ignore instances like these in the book, it's not a bad read.
 I had never read any Dan Brown before I picked this one up at a yard sale. Reading it in bursts over the next few days was a mix of "can't-put-it-down" and "throw-it-across-the-room".<br/>THE FUN: With a fast-paced plot that successfully mixes elements of religion, particle physics, assassins, art history, etymology, ancient manuscripts, Illuminati, puzzle-solving and more, �Angels &amp; Demons� is kind of a modern day Indiana Jones script written by Umberto Eco. This is definitely a plot-driven novel, so don't expect to be bogged down in deep character studies, though the characters are at least interesting enough to keep you caring what happens to them. Once we get into the meat of the plot, things move along at a fast pace as the characters dash around the city, racing the clock, following one clue after another. Just the right amount of humor mixed keeps it all from getting too serious (and contrary to another reviewer's comment, they *do* stop to eat and, in one memorable scene, get some "relief"). With so many elements involved, it would be understandable if things got confusing, but Brown keeps everything on track and manages to wrap the whole thing up in a very satisfying way, with no loose-ends.<br/>THE FRUSTRATING: Brown seems to have trouble keeping his characterizations consistent, even with the main characters. He'll spend most of a chapter showing how brilliant and educated they are, only to have them say or do something absolutely stupid. For example, in a scene involving a threat to a secure facility, the security guard  says something about "beginning the sweep". Would a world-traveling, highly educated, nuclear physicist really think the guard meant sweeping the floor? Brown seems to think so. While many people may not know what CERN is, is there anyone who hasn't at least heard of anti-matter? In Brown's world, there are lots. And while ambigrams may not be common, they're not unusual (Scott Kim was publishing ambigrams, or "inversions" over twenty years ago in "Games" magazine). But as Brown explains it, the most powerful computers of our time have been unable to create the ones his characters come across. (Yeah, I know, it's only a novel, but there should be some grounding in reality!)<br/>THE FASCINATING: Brown does a good job of throwing in a mind-boggling number of details on myriad subjects without making it read like a lecture. You�re sure to learn a thing or two reading this one. He provides some very intriguing views on the conflict between science and religion, and more interestingly, the similarities between them. There�s some nuclear science thrown in, which is a nice counter to the quasi-historical background on the Illuminati (*always* a fascinating subject, even though they don�t really exists�or do they?  fnord]). For me, the best part was the background on the city and sculptures. Never having really wanted to go there before, I found myself cruising the �net looking up the various building and art works featured in the story. It�s now on my list of places I�m looking forward to visiting.<br/>THE ANNOYING: Brown tends to telegraph almost everything. Rather that subtly dropping hints, foreshadowing his plot developments, he seems determined to say to the reader, "This is important! Remember this part!" The worst example is very early on, in Chapter 7, where he writes: "He never suspected that later that night...the information would save his life." The character may not have suspected, but now we do. When the pay-off scene finally arrived almost 500 pages later, I should have been thinking, "Wow! That's why there was that scene back in Chapter 7!" Instead, it was just one more item to check off on the "wrapping-up-loose-ends" list. That being said, there are still a few real surprises. Just when I thought I had his plotting all figured out, he managed to throw in a twist I didn't expect. I'd like to think this was intentional, but it doesn't read that way. He also seems to have a limited range of character reactions. They're frequently either totally ignorant of what's right in front of them, or they're "stunned", "mind reeling", "jaw agape", "horrified by the implication" etc. Reviews of his later books have said that his writing style has matured, and I hope these are two areas where it shows.<br/>WHAT A READ: Overall, �Angels &amp; Demons� was a highly entertaining read. Brown shows a real talent for mixing diverse elements into a compelling story. His pacing for this kind of novel is just right, though his characterization and dialogue skills could use some work (at least that was the case when this book was written). Even with my complaints, I�d recommend this book, and I�m looking forward to reading more from Dan Brown. If the next one I read is as entertaining as this, he�ll definately be on my short list of must-read authors. (And how ironic is it that �The Da Vinci Code� just popped up on my Amazon.com recommendations list? Coincidence? Or maybe the Illuminati�?)
 Brown has written a fun and interesting thriller-one which combines science fiction, history and religion.  This is the kind of book you should bring to the beach or on a plane-it's a quick read and will keep your interest until the end.<br/> When a scientist/priest is murdered under strange circumstances, Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor of iconography, is called in to explain the mysterious symbols carved on the dead man's body.  Langdon notes that the symbols referred to the Illuminati-a heretical group which has battled the Catholic Church...but the Illuminati have long since disappeared...or have they?!  Langdon sets out to discover if the Illuminati are still active and if they are behind the murder.<br/> You won't be sorry you read this-my only complaint was a minor one (as an historian of science, I have to point out that science and religion are not and have not always been in diametric opposition to one another
 I'm surprised by the comparisons to the Da Vinci Code.  Sure, it deals with the Roman Catholic Church, but it's quite different.  In fact, while the Da Vinci Code comes across somewhat anti-Catholicism, this takes very opposite stance.<br/>This is also a novel, where the Da Vinci Code was a lecture.  The back history is explained much faster, and you're treated to a great deal more plot, with smarter twists.<br/>There are huge flaws, as mentioned in other reviews.  The time-table is sketchy, the history is altered for reasons unknown, facts are confused, and the ending seems to have a few too many twists and a fall a bit too great.<br/>That aside, it's entertaining.  Not amazing, but entertaining.  Just keep in mind that you're checking your brain in the coatroom when you read this book, not bringing it along to learn.  If you desire to learn you'll end up getting a great deal of Trivial Pursuit questions wrong after this book.
 As with every Dan Brown book I've read thus far, you are made to feel as if you are a student in a class room taking a very exciting course.  This semester's topics include among others, the Catholic Church, Religion, Cults, Physics, Evolution, and the Arts.  You just need to do some follow up on your own to verify which are actually based on any real truth, or are just pure fiction made up for entertainment purposes only.<br/><br/>The story is about a physicist named Leonardo Vetra and his daughter Vittoria, who while working at CERN (a real company in Switzerland where the "world wide web" was invented), have found a viable way to use anti-matter as an energy source.  The physicist is then brutally murdered and branded with an ambigram (which in this case is a graphical figure that spells out the same word whether viewed straight on or turned upside down) by an assassin claiming to be a member of an ancient cult called the "Illuminati" (who supposedly are old enemies of the Catholic Church).  The assassin then attempts to use the antimatter as a bomb to get back at the Catholic Church by planting it somewhere in the Vatican during "Conclave" (which is the period of time after a Catholic Pope has died and all of the Cardinals are gathered together in Rome to elect a new Pope).  The four Cardinals who are the leading candidates to become the next pope (also known as the "preferitti") are also kidnapped by the assassin and he threatens to murder one of them every hour leading up to the explosion that is set to go off at midnight.  The real mastermind behind the plot is said to be a man named Janus (which is also the name of the Roman god of gates and doors, beginnings and endings, and hence represented with a double-faced head) who is actually controlling the assassin.<br/><br/>There are two sets of mysteries Robert Langdon (who is a Harvard symbologist and the main character in both this book and "The Da Vinci Code") can try to solve.  He can either follow the path of the "Illuminati" by trying to discover the four churches in Rome (out of something like nine hundred) that secretly represent the "Altars of Science (Earth, Air, Fire, and Water)", where each of the four cardinals are supposed to be executed one by one, or he could try to help solve the mystery of where in the Vatican the assassin has planted the bomb (...we planted a deadly explosive at the heart of your most sacred shrine...).  Since to solve the first mystery he would also need to decipher the code left in a fictitious pamphlet supposedly written by Galileo, I personally felt the second mystery would have been easier to solve; but since the Swiss Guard (who are the sworn protectors of the Vatican) were already using all of their man power to look for the bomb, I guess Langdon and Vittoria felt their efforts would be better served by looking for the Cardinals.<br/><br/>Since Langdon and Vetra have less than 24 hours to solve the mystery before the bomb is going to go off, the story moves at a very fast pace and is quite a thrill ride throughout Rome searching for each of the next clues on the path.  By deciphering the pamphlet they discover that each of the four churches that represent the "Altars of Science" are also marked by a statue that was placed there by Gianlorenzo Bernini who was the greatest architect for the Vatican, and in this book is also suspected of being a member of the Illuminati.<br/><br/>We later find out that the physicist who was murdered was also a priest.  Unlike others in the church who looked upon science as an enemy, Vetra was trying to use science as a way to prove God existed.  By using antimatter as "pure energy" he was trying to recreate the "Big Bang Theory" on a smaller model to show that you could create matter out of nothing.  If "Pure Energy" can be scientifically shown to be created when photons are annihilated and anti matter is created (something from nothing) then this could prove that God does exist and that "The Big Bang Theory" was correct.  God (Pure Energy) created the world out of nothing.  He can also show that we can return to this state again after death.  If it is proven that there is no eternal being watching and interfering however, the Church might consider this a problem since there would also be no one telling us how we should be behaving yourselves.  (primordial atom = Atom and Eve?)<br/><br/>At the Vatican, Carlo Ventresca is the Carmelingo who is in charge of the church during Conclave.  He is represented as a devote Catholic who's mother had tragically died when he was very young, and it was considered a miracle at the time that he himself had survived.  He was then taken in by a kindly bishop who raised him as his own.  He believes he was saved for a higher calling and now finds himself praying for another miracle to save them all from this current plight.<br/><br/>Maximilian Kohler is the director of CERN.  Since it is implied that the sign of the devil (666) is hidden in CERN's logo, Kohler is suspected of being an enemy of the Church.  He is restricted to a wheel chair, and at times he is made out to seem more mechanical than man.  (I believe there were also some references made to the Church banning stem cell research which could have lead to a cure for his disease, so he is mad at them for standing in the way of progress.)<br/><br/>Then there is Commander Olivetti who is the head of the Swiss guard, and his second-in-command Captain Elias Rocher.  While Rocher (who is compared to a grizzly bear) might be looked upon as a milder version, both he and Olivetti (who is compared to a Viper) are considered to be chauvinistic and closed minded.  When it becomes clear that there is a traitor in the Vatican, their motives and allegiance are brought into question.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, by having read "The Da Vinci Code" first, it took away some of this book's originality.  I know this was written first, but since the two books follow a very similar formula (they both start out with a gruesome murder by a member of some sort of cult where the main character Robert Langdon is then forced to team up with the deceased's daughter to help solve the mystery by uncovering a series of clues hidden in ancient Art), I felt as if I had already read this book.<br/><br/>After having completed the book I then went out on-line and did some of my own independent study into some of the topics covered in this book and have the following thoughts:<br/><br/>  *From reading the book I thought antimatter sounded like a great source of energy, so I went to CERN's web site to find out how far along they were in developing it.  I was very disappointed to find out that there is no possibility to use antimatter as an energy "source".  Unlike solar energy, coal or oil, antimatter does not occur in nature.  They have to make every particle at the expense of much more energy than it can give back during annihilation.  They said that if you tried to imagine antimatter as a possible temporary storage medium for energy, much like you store electricity in rechargeable batteries, the process of charging the battery is reversible with relatively small loss, but still, it takes more energy to charge the battery than what you get back out of it.  For antimatter the loss factors are so enormous that it will never be practical.  They said that if they could assemble all the antimatter they've ever made at CERN and annihilate it with matter, they would only have enough energy to light a single electric light bulb for a few minutes.  To create the amount of antimatter described in the book they said it would take them about two billion years!  They then said it would then be utterly impossible to contain that amount of pure negative electric charge.  Very disappointing.<br/><br/>  *I did see however that CERN's logo does seem to have 666 in it, but then I saw that so does the photo studio that does the school pictures for my girls grammar school.  (There logo is a photo lens with three arms outstretched around an inner circle.)  After I saw that I wasn't quite as convinced of CERN's hidden agenda.<br/><br/>  *I was also disappointed to have successfully guessed who Janus was halfway through the book, but was somewhat appeased by the fact that at least the motive was different than what I had originally suspected.<br/><br/>  *Last week I felt like an expert after the death of John Paul II, explaining to everybody what "Conclave" was and the whole process involved in electing a new pope.  Most of that seemed to be accurate.<br/><br/>  *I did not find any reference anywhere that Gianlorenzo Bernini was ever suspected of being a member of the Illuminati.  In fact I found that he was a very devout Catholic who attended mass twice a day.<br/><br/>  *I also found that the Egyptian Pillars that mark the front of many of the most notable sights in Rome were brought there by the Romans as trophies when they conquered other lands, and then Pope Sixtus V (1585-1590) decided to place a cross on top of them as a means to show how the Catholic Church had conquered other religions as well.  When people began to make great pilgrimages to Rome to see all of the major sites, the same Pope realized that since you could see these Egyptian Pillars from a long way off, he ordered them to be moved in front of each of the major attractions to help pilgrims more easily find what they were looking for.<br/><br/>  *Over the years there were many groups that called themselves the "Illuminati", and they all had different beliefs that were closer related to the times they lived in rather to any drawn out plan.  I couldn't find any evidence that any of these societies were ever related.  The earlier group's professed goals were to teach people to be happy by making them good - to do this by enlightening the mind and freeing it from the dominion of superstition and prejudice.  It wasn't until the group founded by Adam Weishaupt in 1776 in Bavaria that these goals were not accepted at face value.  Weishaupt with the help of Freiherr von Knigge took it one step further to promote a freedom from church domination over philosophy and science, and called for the destruction of the church.  At the beginning of 1777 Weishaupt entered a Masonic Lodge and endeavored, with other members of the order, to render Freemasonry as subservient as possible to his aims.  Assisted by Amelius Bode and Knigge he labored diligently to convert the whole Masonic body into "Illuminated Freemasons".  A number of the most prominent representatives of Freemasonry  and "enlightenment" became Illuminati.  But in 1783 dissensions arose between Knigge and Weishaupt, which resulted in Weishaupt withdrawing from the society on 1 July, 1784.  In 1783 the anarchistic tendencies of the order provoked public denunciations which led, in 1784, to interference on the part of the Bavarian Government.  As the activity of the Illuminati still continued, four successive enactments were issued against them (22 June, 1784; 2 March, and 16 August, 1785; and 16 August, 1787), in the last of which recruiting for the order was forbidden under penalty of death.  In 1785 Pope Pius VI also condemned the order.  These measures put an end to the corporate existence of the order in Bavaria, and, as a result of the publication, in 1786, of its degrees and of other documents concerning it--for the most part of a rather compromising nature--its further extension outside Bavaria became impossible. After 1787 Weishaupt renounced all active connection with secret societies, and again drew near to the Church.  He died on 18 November, 1830.<br/><br/>  *The Illuminati in this story are supposed to be an off shoot of the Free Masons, but Free Masons still believe in God.  That is what the "G" stands for in the middle of their symbol. I also found that Free Mason's didn't start using the "great eye" as a symbol until after 1789.<br/><br/>  *Because Masonic secrecy threatened the practice of confession, and since Masons tolerated membership by people of different religions, all Masons were ex-communicated by the Pope in 1738. When the anarchist Czolgosz shot US President McKinley in 1901 the Pope informed the world that anarchism, communism and Freemasonry are all the same thing.<br/><br/>  *It is true that some of the former Popes had fathered children.  Some of them even grew up to become Popes themselves.<br/><br/>  *If you are a priest I still do not believe you are keeping your vow of celibacy if you father a child through artificial insemination since the church still considers masturbation a sin.<br/><br/>  *I guess I never realized that Saint Peter's actual body was buried in the Vatican.<br/><br/>There is no known way to replicate a retina, and a retina from a dead person would deteriorate too fast to be useful, so no extra precautions have been taken with retinal scans to be sure the user is a living human being.  Soon after death, the pupil dilates considerably, and the cornea becomes cloudy. ... There are several tests for proving that an iris is living tissue and not a photograph or printed contact lens. ... Some have to do with the way living tissue looks in infrared light; others have to do with motion of the pupil (always oscillating slightly, even under steady light levels), or eyelid movement and blinks.<br/><br/>  *The ambigrams used in this story supposedly were almost impossible to duplicate.  While I'm sure it took a lot of time and effort to create them, I found it a little far fetched that no one had been able to figure out how to do it for four hundred years.  I even found a site on-line for ambigram lovers where they created a program that can turn almost anything into an ambigram:   ...]<br/><br/>  *The book was very entertaining but I liked "The Da Vinci Code" better since I found it had less inconsistencies with the plot.<br/><br/>  *If the art work in Rome is valued at over 48 Billion dollars than I agree that the Church could do a lot of good if they ever used some of that money to help people.<br/><br/>The church is the people, not the buildings.<br/><br/>  *Any book that can make me think this much must have value.
 Da Vinci Code got me going, so I bought some more of Dan's books.  For me, this wasn't a page turner - it became a forced read, which I took quite a while to accomplish.  It was laughable, as each Perils of Pauline chapter unfolded in what became a totally predictable way.<br/><br/>This book was a cross between James Bond and Indiana Jones, but with barely anything in the least credible.  Crushed, burned, gassed, drowned, on and on, always to (of course) escape - I mean gimme a break, jumping out of a helicopter and landing safely by using your raincoat - 700 pages of drivel.  And, hard to believe, all 700 pages take place in about 18 hours of one day.  2 years worth of action in just 3-4 hours.  Ha!<br/><br/>As I laughed at each suffocation, plunging, gasping, dizzying terror - knowing full well our wonderman would emerge triumphant - why even with his sport jacket mostly unmussed, - I came to realize the writing was definitely at the 8th grade level - another black mark alongside the author's name.  I have one more purchase to plod through - maybe Dan was having a bad day when he cranked out this one.<br/><br/>But, for this one, I fell out of love with Dan Brown - no wonder he's smiling on the dust cover.  I helped fill his coffers.  If this poor effort can sell this well, I may just have to take pen in hand and try my luck.  Then I can be smiling too.
 After reading The Da Vinci Code, I decided to check out some previous material by this author.  This had a double benefit.  The first was that this book, much like the Da Vinci Code, addresses such issues as a secret brotherhood, dabbles in religion, depicts crazed authoritative historical figures, amongst other things.  This provided, yet another entertaining tale in the style of the Da Vinci Code.  Had I not read the Da Vinci Code, I would never had thought to read this one.<br/>The second benefit was that I actually enjoyed this book more.  Maybe it was because Da Vicini Code had so much hype while this was more unassuming.  Either way, I was more pleased with the story because it was presented as the fictional entertainment that the author wanted it to be.  (Or was it?)<br/>To make it short, Angels and Demons is another story that demonstrates the author's ability to write a well-researched tale in the religious sector.
 I don't really like what's at the heart of this book--and the problems go deeper than just surface-level stuff--but it was so compelling that I couldn't put it down.  It's not that hard to basically figure out what's going on, but the last 50 pages or so are practically non-stop plot twists, not all of which are properly foreshadowed, leaving credulity stretched beyond the breaking point.  Think Clive Cussler meets Morris West.<br/>And for me, that's where the trouble begins.  It's almost as if Dan Brown can't decide whether to write a pure action/adventure yarn or a story with more substance, one that seriously discusses both contemporary and age-old issues.  It works at the Dirk Pitt level, but not the Shoes of the Fisherman level.  And I get the feeling that the author REALLY wants to be regarded as a Serious Writer.<br/>One does have to hand it to Brown as he brilliantly evokes the ins and outs of Roman art,  architecture, and archeology, as well as Vatican politics, wrapping it all around a downright swashbuckling tale.  But when he tries to address the larger questions, such as the relationship between science and religion, questions about philosophical theology, intellectual history, or Catholic doctrine, he badly stumbles.  Since these questions largely fuel the plot engine, to miss here vitiates the impact of the story, at least for me.  Hence, only three stars--despite the acknowledged brillance of the plotting--and a generous three stars, at that.
 The first part of the book is an excellent thriller, I'm talking about the first 200 pages, then when Langdon starts to follow the "angels" to the Illuminati's lair you will be a little bit bored because everything will repeat at least four times, nevertheless the book will keep you in the story until you get to the last 200 pages, then you will read and read and the book will never ends, and the last 50 pages or so are really very predictable, I think this book could be written with at least 100 pages less.<br/><br/>THREE MISTAKES:<br/><br/>1) Since the first page you will know that Vatican City will not be destroyed.<br/><br/>2) The book never says the age of Langdon, but I assumed is about 50 years, if his father gave him a Mickey Mouse wrist-watch and this book was written in year 2000, I think that in 1960 there wasn't any Mickey Mouse wrist-watch with alarm. (IF I'M WRONG PLEASE LET ME KNOW)<br/><br/>AND THE LITTLE BIG FATAL BLUNDER IS:<br/><br/>3) THE NEW ORLEANS'S SUPERDOME WAS BUILT IN 1975 NOT IN 1960.<br/><br/>BOOK RATINGS:<br/><br/>1) DECEPTION POINT<br/>2) DA VINCI CODE<br/>3) DIGITAL FORTRESS<br/>4) ANGELS &amp; DEMONDS
 I'm usually not one to read through books with a critical eye for factual accuracy.  I don't mind a little suspension of disbelief.  But for me, this book is so clearly sophomoric and mistaken that it begs to be called out.  Here is my top example: The protagonist, Langdon, says that there has been a rift between science and religion "since the beginning of history."  First of all, this severely damages the believability of the character.  I'm fairly confident that a credible academic is unlikely to qualify a claim with something like "since the beginning of history."  This is too broad; it implicitly makes the speaker responsible for retelling history from its very beginnings.  Furthermore, the claim is just wrong.  I can think of one particular scientist that challenges it: John Ray.  Ray was a natural theologist who believed that God could be understood by studying nature.  He is only one early proponent of naturalism in science.  It may also be worthy to consider deism, the belief that God created the world and then left it to its natural processes.  This way of thinking was strong during the enlightenment, and as many of this review's readers probably know, some of our founding fathers - Ben Franklin, Thomas Jefferson - identified with this view.  In short, Brown has some very distracting tendencies for hyperbole and sweeping generalization that make his character unbelievable.<br/><br/>There are other problems that probably aren't too surprising.  First, Brown has a propensity to show and not tell, which makes his characters dull and his suspense less powerful.  Second, he digresses to describe characters and places instead of working descriptions into the narrative flow. This makes reading very boring at times, especially because his description is heavy on adjectives and low on concrete, sensory details or metaphors.<br/><br/>What the book does have going for it is plot and invention: mystery that unravels in separate narrative strands, which keeps you wanting to read on; the invocation of an eerie transgenerational satanism, which strengthens intrigue; and, of course, suspensful situations.  Overall, its a fair read, and if you can ignore some of the more obvious faults in prose and fact, you might like it.
 I generally try to stay away from blockbuster novels. Not because I don't enjoy them. Rather, it's because I find myself completely engrossed and unable to pull myself away to join the productive world. Dan Brown's "Angels and Demon" perfectly fits the profile of a blockbuster page-turner and had me glued to my chair for hours.<br/><br/>I won't really get into the plot since most people by now have read this book or have watched the movie version directed by Ron Howard. Let's just say that the story line was that of your typical clichéd action-thriller:<br/>- Science versus religion<br/>- Good versus evil<br/>- An intelligent/academic/athletic hero<br/>- A scantily dressed/sexy/super-genius female scientist (Think Denise Richards cast as a nuclear physicist in the Bond movie "The World is Not Enough")<br/><br/>It was enough to make me laugh out-loud.<br/><br/>That said, what I liked about the novel is that it's very entertaining and its subject matters are interesting. On the surface, its references to organizations like the CERN and famous sites seem well researched. However, there have been much criticism that his research and writing are incomplete/inaccurate (Although, really...who cares. That's why this book is categorized as "fiction").<br/><br/>So in sum, if you're looking for a book that's going to make you more well-rounded, pick up a book in the classics or current events section. But, if you're looking for a good vacation book that gives you the cheap-thrills, this one's for you
 This is the saddest and most maddening experience, to take a good author and see him betray his integrity to produce a book that panders to the nation's need for another fast paced mystery/thriller.<br/><br/>Dan Brown, produced an academic quality book, which could have been spectacular if he had taken the time to work out all the issues.<br/><br/>Instead we have a well developed mystery with gaping holes. Did he set realism aside to pander to the need for a speedy book? Is that why, he put this out before it was edited to assure a full reality check. Or is Dan Brown making a statement about the Italian government, and its inept police force? In this book murders are taking place in the streets of Rome, aired on news channels around the world, and the Italian Police never enter the picture. Pathetic.<br/><br/>Then there are the love lines - straight from a romance novel.<br/><br/>Two professionals who have known each other for less than six hours are looking at each other hungering for love. Are all Dan Brown's readers juveniles? Can we not see a woman as a competent professional, without adding lines from a romance novel. This is distracting to the rest of the story, does no justice to the characters, and interferes with the suspense.<br/><br/>Then there is the point of view. Any teacher of the craft will tell you how disturbing it is to flick in and out of point of view like you are God looking into everybody's heads. Was it so hard to edit this down to the point of view of just the main characters? If you are in a rush to get something to press, it is an easy way out.<br/><br/>I am saddened that the time was not spent in polishing what could have been an exceptional piece of work. The research, the depth of information about technology, history, geography and culture are wonderful. The plot is good but unfortunately riddled with holes.<br/><br/>I could accept the possibility of two public killings shown on the tv before the police got involved, but certainly not seven. It is moronic to consider this real. The police never show up in this book - yes, they never show up despite pictures of murdered cardinals appearing on every station around the world. Ridiculous!<br/><br/>So I have given this two starts, One for the research, and two for the excellent voice of the actor, Poe, who clearly reads the tale with excellent Italian, great accents, and perfect personality changes.<br/><br/>I am wondering what Ron Howard has done with the film, and if he found some way to circumvent the holes, and the terrible images of torture to create a film worthy of one of America's finest directors.
 The hero, Robert, goes through twenty-four hours of the most incredibly silly and preposterous adventures, starting in the USA, through Switzerland, and ending in Italy.<br/><br/>As an example of the endless stream of silliness, Robert finds himself in a helicopter above Rome, Italy. There is a device in the helicopter with the explosive power of a nuclear bomb. The pilot bails out. The bomb is about to explode. The helicopter is soaring. There is no parachute. Robert's solution? There happens to be a tarpaulin sun-shade in the helicopter. So what does Robert do? Grabs the tarpaulin and jumps from the helicopter. NO, he does not pass out for lack of oxygen at this height. No, he does not freeze. No, he manages to hold on with his bare hands to the tarpaulin. He even manages to steer his "parachute" to be above the Tiber when the nuclear device explodes. No, he does not get vaporized in the explosion, just stunned. Fortunately the water of the Tiber is choppy, we are told, or he would have been killed in plunging into the water (how choppy can an inland river be?). The next day, Robert is just fine and ready to make love to the yoga-practicing woman he just met.<br/><br/>The silliness goes on and on and on, with an endless defiance of the laws of nature as non-sybologists know them.
 The overall book was so-so Langdon had a day that was more jammed packed than Jack on the TV show "24" - The ideals and the history etc was interesting - though having read other reviews I deduce that much of the research was done poorly - but still it was a nice way to spend several hours. The hard part was listening to Mr Poe as reader. Every word escapes his lips like a cry of anguish; he has two types of expression in his voice disaster and utter disaster. In other words there is a lack of inflection for the calmer parts of the book. I think this took away from some of the enjoyment that I would have derived from the book. Also every male character is voiced like some stereotypical TV hit man but with a voice hardened by liquor and cigarettes. His voicing of women is only one step above that. The voicing of the British reporter was almost too painful to listen to.
 The book is so much better than the movie. Above all because it may easily serve as a tourist guide for your next travel to Rome, Vatican City, and who knows, may be even to CERN in Geneva. Having visited all three of them, I nevertheless was dazzled by the author's in-depth knowledge about functioning of CERN and an insider's view of the Vatican. As we know, there have been two papal elections in the last decade alone, after the book came out. Dan Brown, beyond a doubt, isn't just a talented writer, but also a brilliant forecaster of consequential events that would help draw a reader's attention to his book.
 Like a lot of people, I read "Angels and Demons" after "The Da Vinci Code" and I was surprised that the beginings of both of them as well as of other Dan Brown's books are quite similar. However, after some couples of pages later I could not put the book down. It was such an amazing story that everyone should read.<br/>This book was the start of Michael Langdon, a Harvard professor in symbolism. He was woken up early in the morning by the director of CERN to investigate in the death of Dr. Leonardo Ventra, a brilliant scientist at CERN. On the chest of Dr. Ventra was the symbol of the most ancient hidden society, the Illuminati. He then met Dr. Ventra's daughter, Vittoria who was a marine scientist. They went to Rome on the day before the election of the new Pope to uncover the secret of the Illuminati and witnessed some more deaths of "il prefiero", the four cardinals who had the biggest chances to be the next Pope. They also uncovered a secret of the already deceased Pope and his assistant. Throughout the story was the argument between religion and science.<br/>The story was interesting but was not as intriguing as "The Da Vinci Code". In "The Da Vinci Code", Langdon was pictured as a more witty person than in "Angels and Demons". Moreover, Dan Brown managed to put a large dose of clues and information in the book which makes it heavier to read.<br/>I suggest you start with "Angels and Demons" before "The Da Vinci Code" so that you can have a more well-rounded image of Michael Langdon.
 Like many people, I discovered Dan Brown through The Da Vinci Code. As much as I enjoyed the just-one-more-page-before-I-turn-out-the-light qualities of this book I still prefer The Da Vinci Code. Angels &amp; Demons is the prequel for The Da Vinci Code and I could truly see Brown's growth as a writer in his later work. I would consider his plotting skills in Angels &amp; Demons good, but by the time he went on to write The Da Vinci Code I believe they were perfected.<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons still possesses the page turning, fast paced plotting present in The Da Vinci Code. However, in my opinion, some of the plot twists, while being thoroughly entertaining, were also entirely unbelievable. I don't believe that fiction needs to be exactly like real life, but I can only suspend disbelief so far without falling out of the story.<br/><br/>If this was your first Dan Brown, and you enjoyed this one, I would highly recommend picking up a copy of The Da Vinci Code. If you've already read The Da Vinci Code, you'll probably like this one too, just know before you begin that you've already read the best, now you're going back for the rest.<br/><br/>Do Read "The Da Vinci Code"
 If you've already read "The DaVinci Code" and liked it, then I suggest that when you read this "prequel", you can expect to:<br/>1) find the subject matter as inescapably compelling as last time,<br/>2) be amazed again at Dan Brown's extensive research,<br/>3) notice a number of similarities of style,<br/>4) find this book to be more gruesome and bloody than its successor, and<br/>5) have trouble believing the ending.<br/>I personally thought this was a great book, until I got about 80% through it. In the last 20%, I felt there were too many incredible revelations, unbelieveable escapes, close calls and rapid twists. It reminded me of some of the spoofs of Agatha Christie murder mysteries, where the ending consists of the uncovering of so many critical secrets, heretofore unsuspected motives, and changes of direction, that the entire conclusion dissolves in chaos, and smacks of an ill-conceived attempt to cram too much detail into a small amount of space.<br/>Overall, I'd say the book provided me with a few hours of solid entertainment, marred by an ending that I found to be over the top and unworthy of the rest of the story.
 Like many readers, I came across this book after having read "The Da Vinci Code" and wanting to explore more of Dan Brown's work.  In my opinion, "Angels and Demons" is even better than its more famous sequel.  The nature of the information revealed in this book isn't quite as cool as in the DVC, but "Angels and Demons" is the more gripping of the two.  The stakes here are higher, with a ticking time bomb, a mad killer, a secret society, and the destruction of the Vatican all happening at once.  Brown does a good job of juggling all of the elements, and he mixes them into a really brilliant plot.<br/><br/>Some have quibbled with Brown's writing style, and they're often right.  Don't come to this book expecting to be wowed by Brown's descriptive power or novel turns of phrase.  Brown's writing is pretty straightforward and economical, but wow does it work -- he is excellent at pacing his books so that you just *have* to turn that page.<br/><br/>So although I can get over Brown's writing style, the one thing I might have docked a star for was his characterizations.  Basically, the only insight we have into these characters is that they all seem to have had some tramautic childhood experience.  Well, one incident does not a character make.  In a good book we should feel like we really know the characters by the time we turn the last page, but I couldn't say that about this book.  I know what Robert Langdon does for a living and that he had a Tramautic Childhood Experience that makes him claustrophobic and that all in all he's a pretty decent guy...but that's about all.  The rest of the characters are similarly flat.<br/><br/>But in the end the book is so exciting and interesting that I'll even overlook that.  Five stars.
 And the list of names above is just a sample of historical figures that play a part in this tale that moves almost as quickly as the corporate plane from CERN.<br/>When I first saw the book and the clever cover I thought  it was a gimmick, and generally books with a hologram or in this case an  ambigram or other device to get your attention I tend to find  disappointing. In this case that feeling could not be further from the  truth.<br/>If you really enjoy reading a book that is a meticulously  assembled puzzle, or perhaps an enigma that is at once high-tech and 500  years old, this book is for you. If you enjoy the misdirection that a  Charles Palliser novel offers you will enjoy this. As I read this Author  for the first time I was reminded of the first Robert Ludlum book I read  "The Matarese Circle". And like that reading experience I now  will go back and read the Author's previous work "Digital  Fortress."<br/>Religion versus Science, Galileo versus The Vatican, or  perhaps The Illuminati versus Catholicism, or is it religion? Interested in  how you can learn the truth of the tale? How about your wallet, have a  dollar bill?, good place to start. A book on Bernini's work will help; one  of the main characters in the book needed one. Perhaps a map of Rome, or of  the smallest Country in the world, actually you need none of these as the  Author provides all you could want. A dollar bill as a bookmark will add to  the fun.<br/>This is an extremely well researched work that relies on facts,  turns its back on cheap literary sleight of hand, and will deliver to the  reader a great experience. Do you know from where the word Assassin is  derived from? I do, and I have seen other Authors botch this, Mr. Brown  gets it correct. There are other details like that that I was familiar with  and he nailed them all accurately. This inspires confidence as a reader  when he introduces a topic you are unfamiliar with. I chose to check on  several of those, and again the information in the story was dead on  accurate.<br/>I normally don't check the details of a book this closely, as  this book was suggested to me I felt I needed to do so in light of how  highly I was to rate the work. I had no obligation to read or comment upon  the work.<br/>If you enjoy a great literary ride for pure pleasure think of  the better books by Ludlum, Clancy, Dale Brown, Forsythe, LeCarre, and  their peers in the genre and you will enjoy this book.<br/>And when the book  is finished the experience can and should be extended. The book also has an  associated website. I won't say what is there, as it will spoil the book.  However when reviewed after the reading is complete it makes the whole  "Angels And Demons" experience even better. Doubt a detail in the  book; the site will probably lay it to rest. But again, book first, site  second. I am sure others will copy this bundling of the web with a book, I  only hope it as well done as in this case.<br/>I recommend the book without  reservation. As I said "Digital Fortress" has been added to my  reading list.<br/>Very well done, enjoy!
 Taken in the spirit of what this book is, an action/thriller, this is an extremely good one.  Look for action and plenty of it and think of Harrison Ford and you are on the right track. This really is a story possibly even better than Indiana Jones and SHOULD BE TRANSLATED INTO FILM. My only complaint, in the beginnning, was that the underdeveloped characters were over awed with themselves.  My opinion did not change much by the end and was actually reinforced by the villain's self perception of his role and purpose.  However, I now feel that this is not a fault in this book.  Human foibles will be lent to the characters by the actors who portray them on film.  Had the foibles been built in, you might have something akin to a modern day Dumas on your hands but don't look for that - this is STRICTLY action.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor specializing in symbology is called in by the world's most advanced scientific research center when the leading physicist, Leonardo Vetra, is found brutally murdered - his chest branded with an ancient symbol that, if legitimate, could indicate the resurgence of a group, the Illuminati, that has vowed to destroy the Catholic Church.  Having stolen Dr. Vetra's latest work, they may actually be able to do just that. (I found the motivation for the Illuminati to turn from heretical scientists to terrorists rather a far stretch but, hey, it's fiction).<br/><br/>Joining forces with Vetra's daughter, Vittoria (on the order of Laura Croft) they have to work against the clock to uncover the ancient path of the Illuminati across Rome, tracking the man who is killing Cardinals and who is the only one who can tell them how to save Vatican City from total annhiliation.<br/><br/>The misdirection in this one is good.  I thought I had it figured out ... a couple of times.
 Mid way through "Angels and Demons", the author observes that lawyers, like sharks, haven't evolved much over the ages.  "Angels", which tosses in the formula of both Dan Brown novels that I've read ("Digital Fortress" &amp; "Da Vinci Code") and presumably the others I have yet to crack, shows that Brown's books haven't evolved that much either.  Nevertheless, like sharks and predatory litigators, "Angels" follows a form that is coolly efficient and undeniably thrilling.<br/><br/>THE PLOT should come as no surprise to any vet of Brown's other stuff - a brilliant physicist on the verge of announcing a scientific breakthrough with theological implications (he was also a Catholic priest) is found in his lab brutally murdered.  The only clue to his death is a diabolical symbol branded into the victim's chest - an "ambigram" (capable of being read upside down) pointing towards the dread Illuminati.  A fabled secret order with an ancient hatred of all religion (they were originally scientists, born of the purported split between science and religion created by the Galilieo affair), the Illuminati now threaten to use their victim's breakthrough as a horrific weapon against the seat of the Papacy.  Employing an (...) who works like a one-man killing machine schooled in the ancient arts of death, the Illuminati plot seems planned to coincide with the oncoming conclave - the elaborate and ancient ritual designed to find a successor for the recently passed Pontiff.  The only clues to the cracking the plot are the arcane and seemingly impenetrable messages and symbols left behind by the killer and in the pages of the Illuminati documents in the archives of the Vatican.  All is lost...unless you've got a Harvard-Trained symbologist handy.<br/><br/>That's right, Rob Langdon, hero of DVC is back.  This time, he faces a tighter deadline, and more tangible threat - the Illuminati threaten elaborate and visible murders of Cardinals tagged as front-runners for the papal throne; the  their plot culminates with the obliteration of the Vatican.  Like DVC, "Angels" succeeds because it keeps from devolving into a crypto-history lesson (in which Langdon schools the rest of the characters and Brown's readers about otherwise pointless arcane, if only to warn us never to challenge him to a home-game version of "The Weakest Link".)  "Angels" also succeeds in its pacing of surprises - which are many.  Brown doesn't delay dropping the next big twist on us until right before we've gotten over the shock of the last one.  It's preposterous fun, and intolerable only for those who take it seriously.
 Dan Brown<br/><br/>Angels and Demons<br/><br/>Corgi, Paperback, 2001.<br/>12mo. 620 pp.<br/><br/>First published in 2000.<br/><br/>=============================================<br/><br/>Angels and Demons, expectedly, is very similar to Da Vinci's Code, or vice versa if you like to follow the order in which the books were originally published. Robert Langdon is irresistible to the gentle sex but made of iron, again. He is chasing works of art and solving symbolic riddles again - only not in Paris, but in Rome instead. The writing style is informal, chatty and gripping, again. The characterisation is sketchy but quite good enough for a thriller, again. The pace is breath-taking and nerve-racking, again. The historical and actual background are overwhelmingly sumptuous and adroitly managed, again.<br/><br/>Yes, it's pretty formulaic. But who cares? It delivers the thrill and the suspense splendidly. It takes you in from the first page and it doesn't leave you get out until the last one. Well, at least that's what happens with me. Seriously, I find it difficult to imagine a better reading for pure relaxation than a novel by Dan Brown: just intellectual enough not to offend your vanity (unless it's too huge), but fabulously entertaining.<br/><br/>There are, however, two aspects where to my mind Angels and Demons falls short of Da Vinci's Code. First, the plot here is a trifle too scientific as to be really engaging. Despite its terrific explosive power, antimatter is obscure enough to be somewhat dull; certainly, it does not in the least have the wide human appeal that a well-known story from the Bible, let alone the one of Christ himself, by definition has. And second, the ending is too improbable to be believed. Indeed, towards the end Dan Brown seems to get carried away with the action and he finishes with an amazing stunt which, however, is a bit too much even for seasoned thriller lovers; mild improbabilities may, and do, abound and these I readily accept of course. But one has to admit that Dan Brown has improved significantly on both fronts in Da Vinci's Code.<br/><br/>Interestingly, this time I read the book first and then saw the movie, whereas in the case of Da Vinci's Code I did exactly the opposite. It is perhaps a worthy matter of desultory speculation whether this was the reason to like the movie less than the book, which in turn I liked less than the previous one. (In the case of Da Vinci's Code I may say that I liked both mediums equally, surprisingly and unexpectedly.) The eternal conundrum ''first the book or first the movie'' enjoys something like a world-wide fame and there is usually something to be said in both directions. So is the case here. On the whole, after reading Angels and Demons, the movie seems rushed, too heavily cut and with dialogue much too clipped, though the cast (save the totally miscast  assassin) is good and the sets are of course magnificent; and there are few nice surprises in the plot that those familiar with the novel might not expect. As for Da Vinci's Code, I had already seen the movie when I came to the book; I loved both and the fact that I knew the plot in detail did not at all diminish my pleasure. So, on the whole, I am certain that the second novel is the better one but whether the same holds for the movie adaptation, or I was simply prejudiced to the screen version of Angels and Demons because I'd read the novel before, I would not venture to say. Or would I have had different opinions of both novels had I read them in their original order? Or of both movies? Funny stuff that, the relationship between a novel and a movie, and especially between both and the book/movie lover, together with the order of experience in which he experience them.<br/><br/>Anyway, junk literature or not, religious mass hysteria or not, hideous hype or vulgar vogue, I couldn't care less: in my second encounter with Dan Brown, he remains stupendously entertaining read. I wonder if he would hold that well next time I read something of him as well.
 First and foremost, it should be known that Dan Brown is a prolific writer.  He is capable of quickly grabbing the reader's attention while maintaining a rapid pace in each of his books.  Angels and Demons began the same way, but.....<br/><br/>Brown introduces the reader to the Illuminati, a murder performed ritualistically by the ancient organization and quickly brings our old friend Robert Langdon into the fray.  As expected, Langdon is to decipher symbols relating to the murder and he does so in an organized analytical method.<br/><br/>Langdon's initial search begins in Switzerland but extends into Vatican City where he spends the remainder of his time attempting to discover the murderer's identity and uncover the Illuminati sect.  All of this is fun and well written.<br/><br/>However, Langdon insists on a bizarre twist at the end of the book which, this reader believes, disolves the story and plot into something less than interesting.  There is a point in the story that Langdon could have finished the novel and left the reader satisfied and feeling good, but he takes this strange twist that leaves the one wondering, "why?"<br/><br/>I'm not opposed to poetic license, but this one is a bit over the top, as is the strange and unrealistic "jump" made from a helicopter at extraordinary heights by one of the main characters.<br/><br/>The book is fun but lacks any semblance of realism in the last sixty or seventy pages.
 When a noted physicist working for CERN (the inventors of the internet, headquartered in Switzerland) is brutally murdered, and branded with the Illuminati ambigram, it raises more than eyebrows.  The Illuminati were, historically, a secret society of scientists, long considered defunct, who saw the Catholic Church as their arch-enemy.  They were sought out by the Church and, like many others, the attempt was made to exterminate them and their apostasy.  In defense, they affiliated and incorporated themselves into the Masons, and vowed revenge on the Church, also infiltrating the banking industry, government, education and other public institutions.<br/><br/>This novel is about the Illuminati, resurfaced and taking their revenge on the Church for its past crimes against science.  In typical Dan Brown fashion, the story is carefully researched for historical accuracy, and is riveting and suspenseful.  Brown shows us, again, that he is a great and accomplished story-teller; a master weaver of tall tales who knows how to get our attention, as he also did in The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>This story is no less of a thriller, although it probably will not raise as many hackles as did The Da Vinci Code, due to the, perhaps, somewhat less controversial subject matter.<br/><br/>The tale again uses, as the protagonist, Dr. Robert Langdon, an academian and professor of religious symbology, in the role of a detective.  Also included are such arcame scientific matters as anti-matter and the rapprochement of religion and science--especially high-energy physics, in this age of quantum mechanics.<br/><br/>A fascinating yarn, with enough plausibility to the science to make it a true page-turner.<br/><br/>Joseph (Joe) Pierre, USN (Ret)<br/><br/>author of The Road to Damascus: Our Journey Through Etermity<br/><br/>and other books
 Angels and Demons is a good, tight prequel to the Da Vinci Code, even though some of the scenes are a little over the top. Nevertheless, Dan Brown has resurrected historical mysteries and has allowed them to play themselves out within the ancient city of Rome. I happened to have visited Rome shortly after reading the book and I found myself drawn to the sites Brown described, searching for the real-world clues that he described through fiction. Angels and Demons became a guidebook for me then as I retraced his characters' footsteps from piazza to piazza while vicariously reliving the plot of the book.<br/><br/>Wow...Angels and Demons must be a pretty good thriller.<br/><br/>It is. As with the Da Vinci Code, Brown's characters are a little flat, but his plot moves quickly and his descriptions of Rome recreate that city vividly within the pages of the book. Angels and Demons is good suspense for a quick read, but if you are planning a trip to Rome, Angels and Demons will create connections within your mind to the sites you visit, allowing those sites to become tangible realities rather than historical curiosities. Just remember though-Angels and Demons is fiction, not real.
 I am very into symbols and I will tell you that Dan Brown is able to properly use them to tell fascinating stories.  This is the first Robert Langdon book of Brown's and we find him confronting a supposed extinct group of elite scientists exacting revenge on their sworn enemy, the Catholics.  A wirlwind of information, the reader is let in on many rituals of the Catholic faith, ancient art actually pointing to this brotherhood, as well as numerous miscellaneous facts ranging from general science to the Masons.  Not only are the tidbits great, but the story is very, very good.  Nearly every detail is explained so that the reader never has to try and fill in the blanks, which is a nice luxury in such an engrossing book.  You may find yourself asking -how does that work?  Then you find out and it's perfectly plausible.  One last selling point with the book is the strength of each character's character, if that makes sense.  We love who we are supposed to love, we absolutely despise who we are supposed to despise, and we respect those who take a stand.  If you're down with mentally engaging books with twists and turns of all sorts then this book is for you.  Honestly, I'll never look at Bernini the same.
 I first ignored da Vinci Code because of all the marketing hype surrounding it. When I finally did buy it, I found it highly absorbing and good fun. As a result, I bought Angels and Demons, thinking it would be almost as good.<br/><br/>It is certainly written well, with a surprise ending, which appears to be a little contrived. It also includes a lot of background information about the Catholic Church and its turbulent history (though some of it may not be true).<br/><br/>However, this book does not read as well as da Vinci Code for two reasons: one is that the time frame appears simply fantastic. The Hero wakes up early one morning to a telephone call, is whisked by a jet to a far-away place, goes through several meetings, searches, narrow escapes, lectures you on medieval art, solves the problem, saves the Vatican and ends up in bed with a beautiful scientist (female) exactly 24 hours later! Talk about being fast!! If this pace was introduced to make it a racy thriller, then I think it was not a good idea, you merely end up disoriented, jet-lagged.<br/><br/>The second problem is the repeat formula. The elements of both da Vinci Code and this one are:<br/><br/>- 1 smart male professor<br/><br/>- 1 sexy female investigator, connected to the person who died<br/><br/>- 1 Conspiring Catholic Church<br/><br/>- A lot of background information about art<br/><br/>- A lot of running around solving clues hidden in the art<br/><br/>A third flaw is some of the unbelievable scenarios, like the fight between a trained assassin and an academician from a University. Any guesses who would win? Another is the fantastic series of public murders. The book at times reads like a cross among science-fiction, a historical novel, an art catalogue, and a fantasy from Arabian nights.<br/><br/>So while the book is enjoyable, it suffers from some flaws. If you liked da Vinci very much, and would like to read it again, you must buy this book. However, if you are looking for something different, try one of his other books (which I haven't read yet).
 I'm not a brainy-iac, so I don't know whether the wrong latin word was used or whether historical facts were misrepresented.  All I know was this was one hard pill to swallow.  First of all, for the first third of the book I didn't understand why the hero in this story was contacted in the first place.  And I simply didn't believe the whole premise of anti-matter.  It made no sense of how it was created or stored.  I couldn't get past that.  How do you do that...and how do you store it?  Okay,<br/>let's get to the Mach 15 plane.  Why does this man have this?  Plus, the hero failed to save any of the cardinals.  Indiana Jones--this man is not.  For a smart man he doesn't a lot of dumb things.  Plus, these people can run across towns in matter of seconds..maybe a minute.  But the subject matter is different...which is the whole trick to Mr. Brown's popularity.  And for that my hat goes off to him for that.
 I have to agree with most of the other reviewers' criticisms, the ending is ridiculous and overall the plot outline is extremely close to TDVC, so if you've already read that novel like I have, Angels &amp; Demons won't be a surprising novel. The dialogue is frequently bad as well. Brown frequently adds clunky foreshadowing in some chapters, in case the reader is incapable of remembering and or connecting the plot as it crashes along. Many of the cheap surprises in the plot come from the fact that the novel is told from the point of view of the main character Robert Langdon and so when he or his sidekick start to make connections, you as the reader are lead to believe that it must be true.  So when some of those assumptions are corrected in the ending, it causes problems at least for me.  The fact that Langdon and Vetra will hook up isn't surprising either, what is this a James Bond movie? Yes, this is a page turner/ thriller, but it's better done by other writers, such as Thomas Harris. At this point it will be awhile before I read another Dan Brown book, I'm glad I borrowed my copy of Angels &amp; Demons.
 I just finished reading this novel in preparation for the upcoming movie.  Given all the praise lavished on it, I expected something a little better written.<br/><br/>The story is this - Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor, writer, specialist in art history and symbols - is roused early one morning, flown to a European scientific research campus called CERN, where the director, Max Kohler, shows him a killed scientist, his eye cut out and a symbol branded into his chest.  The symbol reads illiminati, both upside down and right-side up.  Langdon is knowledgeable on the Illuminati, they were a centuries-old group of scientists who swore vengeance on the Catholic Church for wrongs done against them and the progress of science.<br/><br/>The scientist who is dead is Leonardo Vetra, a former priest who was working on a scientific theory that supports both Genesis and Big Bang - the creation of the universe.  In the process, he and his adopted daughter Vittoria have created anti-matter, a highly combustible and unstable substance, which can be stored in a special canister to keep it from exploding.  Kohler, Langdon and Vittoria discover that a huge sample of the anti-matter has been stolen by Signore Vetra's killer.<br/><br/>Langdon and Vittoria go to Rome/Vatican City where they discover that on the eve of choosing the next pope, four of the likely cardinals have gone missing and a terrorist is threatening to kill them one-by-one in public places around town.  Langdon must use his knowledge of art history to discover the places chosen for the deaths.  These places also make up a pathway that would have led new members of the ancient illuminati to their secret lair.<br/><br/>Hanging over all of this is the anti-matter which the terrorist has planted in a secret location in town, and placed a live-feed video of it, showing a countdown.  They have until midnight to find and remove the canister or it will blow everything up.<br/><br/>Langdon and Vittoria rush around to locate the cardinals before they are killed by the terrorist.  They are hampered in their quest by disbelieving Swiss Guards who guard Vatican City, power outages at inopportune times, a British press group that wants a good story, a papal church that does not wish to disrupt their rules and procedures even for an emergency, and several obsessive, crazy people running amuck.<br/><br/>The plot line was interesting and I enjoyed the description of the artwork and architecture.  However, I had some problems with the writing style, it was very bland to me.  It annoyed me that the characters like to give history and art lectures even while running around in dark  passages. There should be a frantic energy coming off the page, but mostly I didn't feel it.  For example, in a scene in the Vatican library archives, Robert and Vittoria are looking for a manuscript by Gallileo with only a few minutes to find it.  She finds it, but doesn't yell as you'd expect - here it is! or Robert! or I got it! She merely reads out the title of the item.  And apparently everyone in Rome and Vatican City speaks English too.  Several times Langdon comes out of an unconscious state surrounded by locals and they are all speaking English.<br/><br/>Langdon often states supposedly known views on history, art, artists, mason groups, etc. concerning the illuminati and frankly it makes a good story but I doubt if any portion of its true.  Its called FICTION.<br/><br/>As with the last book-to-movie The Da Vinci Code, I am expecting the usual media circus about the Catholic Church not showing up well in the story.  I don't actually think that's true here.  I was raised Catholic and I didn't feel like the main characters were anti-religion or anti-catholic.  I actually felt like the writer was respecting christian views.  He also brings up an interesting issue - how does the church stay relevant when science is everywhere and has its own answers to the world's eternal questions?<br/><br/>Read it and decide for yourself.
 When Robert Langdon, one of the main characters in the story gets an odd fax one morning and follows the instructions associated with it, he has no idea how harrowing and exciting his day will be.  The day takes twists and turns that some might anticipate, others might not anticipate it.  Either way, the story is a good one to follow.<br/>In Angels and Demons, Dan Brown has woven modern science, ancient history, and religion to create a suspense filled thriller.  His characters are well developed and are people that you come like and care about, or depending the character, not care about.  There are some components of the story that are like an action film, but even these moments of letting belief go by the wayside are not enough to truly detract from the story that he has put together.  I started this book and hated to put it down, even to go to bed and I couldn't wait to start reading it the next day.
 I read this book after reading the Da Vinci Code, and it was almost as good as the previous one. It deals with secrets in the Vatican and reading it is a must not only for the plot itself (which is incredible since you can't stop reading it even if it is midnight and you know you have to wake up early the following day) but also because it gives you a lot of information about the Vatican and religious procedures. After finishing the book, you feel the need to do some research to see if the things they describe are like that in real life (most of which we could confirm during the election of Benedict pope). As it happened in the Da Vinci Code, this book mentions secret societies and crimes that follow a strict order, and it is not until the end of the book that you find out who it was (once again, the person you least imagined). However, I don't give it 5 stars because in my opinion the end was really ...amazing! I mean, I felt like if I was watching a Hollywood movie full of special effects but completely out of reality! Yet, don't miss this book so you can judge yourself. You won't regret.(And if you have ever visited Rome, this book will take you back again to those lovely places!)
 This is the book the got me hooked to the Dan Brown series. I absolutely love the duality theme, something that the movie adaption butchered royally. In any case, this book is amazing and I suggest it to all of my friends.
 After reading the DaVinci Code, it was a quick decision to look for Angels and Demons. Dan Brown's research and imagination make for truly suspenseful can't-put-them down books.<br/>The Illuminati, a secret society dating back to the time of Galileo is believed to have died out until Leonardo Vetra is found murdered and branded with the sign of the Illuminati on his chest.  The Director of the Cern Institute that employed Vetra and his daughter Vittoria, summons Robert Langdon to try to explain how Vetra could have been murdered and how his discovery of anti-matter could have been stollen.  The story moves to Rome where the pope has died and a conclave to elect a new pope is about to begin.  It appears that terrorists have planted the anti-matter beneath the Vatican and will destroy the city when the timer on the apparatus runs out.  There seems to be no solution as Robert Langdon and Vittoria Vetra together race through Rome looking for clues to the whereabouts of the canister.  The ending is a surprise and the suspense is tight to the last page.
 Angels and Demons is another excellent thriller from Dan Brown, the author of the Da Vinci Code.  Once again, Harvard symoboligist Robert Langdon is the hero.  Called in the middle of the night, Langdon discovers that a weapon more powerful than anything ever before invented has been stolen from CERN, a small city of scientists always working to further science.  Upon arriving there, he discovers that this weapon, antimatter, has been placed somewhere in Vatican City and is set to go off in less than 24 hours.  To make matters worse, the Pope died only 10 days ago and now all the cardinals are in Vatican City to elect a new Pope.  I won't go into much more detail, but this is a great story.  At points in the plot, it borders on ridiculous, but it still a great read.  Brown combines an ancient enemy of the Catholic church, the Illuminati, kidnapped cardinals,  a weapon more powerful than anything ever seen before, a deadly assasin, and so much more.  Rather than give anything away, I will just say that this book is well worth a read.  Do not miss Angels and Demons!<br/>  If you do like this book check out The Da Vinci Code.  It has a similar feel, but not as much a thriller as just learning something new about an accepted belief in the Catholic church.  Each and every time Dan Brown is able to combine numerous storylines and countless characters to make another fantastic story.
 I read The Da Vinci Code first as I suspect is the case with many readers of Angels and Demons. Almost to the letter, Dan Brown uses the same formula in both books. There is Langdon, of course, and, just as in Da Vinci Code, at the beginning there is the murder of an intelligent old man by a mysterious assassin presumably hired by a secret society, the victim's alluring and equally intelligent younger female relative, and the eccentric, handicapped old man who seemingly pulls the puppet strings. However, to Mr. Brown's credit, Da Vinci code does not exactly copy this book. I thought I had it figured out but I pleasantly and shockingly discovered that I was wrong. I must confess that I listened to this on CD during my 35 minute drive to work, but I'm sure if I was reading it I could call it a page turner! What is notable, like in The D. Code, Brown deals with more than just secret societies here. He brings in the broader issue of how one reconciles faith and fact. I don't feel that my faith was stretched as much in this book, but it does remind the reader that no matter how holy one is, everyone has needs and desires that sometimes cannot be ignored.
 From the Best: Angels &amp; Demons<br/><br/>Brown, Dan, Angels &amp; Demons, New York, New York: Pocket Books, 2000. 569 Pages.<br/><br/> Are you ready for murders, guns, fights, puzzles, ultimate weapons, &amp; dogs playing poker?  While, except for the last one, you're in luck.<br/><br/> Robert Langdon gets rudely awakened by an emergency call to Switzerland for a murder.  The victim's daughter arrives to hear that their top secret project is compromised.  That is just the first few small chapters of Angels &amp; Demons, a Dan Brown prequel to the Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/> In my opinion, I think when towards the end, Robert &amp; Vittoria (the victim's daughter) start teasing each other at the hotel.  This builds humor to the end after a grueling battle for survival &amp; truth.<br/><br/> The message of the book is a powerful mystery agenda.  When looking for an enemy or answer, look within ones own walls, the person third least expected is key.  First and second are usually main characters.  When researching, Langdon literally went through everyone, and the guilty wasn't who you would think.<br/><br/> This book keeps the mysteries coming, all plot turns and twists, answering it all at the end.  I would recommend this book extremely highly to people who like mysteries, thrillers, romance novels, &amp; religious battles.
 I am a cradle Catholic and proud to be. I decided to read this book when someone made some comment about how any Catholic who would read it would be horrified. First off in my opinion, Dan Brown is a terrific story teller. I enjoyed reading the book. Was everything true to what is right about the Catholic faith? No not at all yet it was a work of fiction and quite enjoyable nonetheless. I doubt Dan Brown knows everything about Catholicism ;-) Sometimes in life we tend to take things a little too far as some have from Mr. Brown's books. He is a good writer. This is a good read. After reading this I realized that what the person who originally got me interested in reading this book had said was a bunch of nonsense. Yes there are some harsh moments in this books that even brought tears to my eyes being a devout Catholic but it is just a book. If you are Catholic and the thought of bad things happening in the Church distraught you to the point of anger I don't think this is a book for you. But if you enjoy suspense and can dicifer between fiction and non fiction then this is a great book to read. Kind of like a Catholic suspense novel.
 Great read, front to back! Constantly had me guessing who the main antagonist was. Some incredible speeches towards the end, brought a tear to my eye. Would definitely recommend Dan Brown to a friend.
 I suspect everyone else is rediscovering Dan Brown about now for the same reason I am; The DaVinci Code.  That thriller was so interesting and compelling that I was moved to go back and read his earlier works.  Like this one, Angels &amp; Demons, a thriller about the Brotherhood of the Illuminati resurfacing in the modern day to destroy the Catholic Church by blowing up Vatican City during the papal elections.<br/>The detailed historical context, the scientific research and information and breakneck pace made this a truly satisfying book for me.  The writing itself was somewhat pedestrian and forced, especially through the endless scenes of expositional dialog ("Antimatter?  I don't understand.  What's that?") that allow certain characters to ramble for pages, delivering vital, and interesting, but less than natural speeches.<br/>For the villain, blowing up the Batican is not enough.  Dan Brown has made serial killers from secret societies seem a little fresher through the use of ambigrams - pictures of word that say the same thing upside-down and rightside-up - which have been turned into brands representing the four elements, and which are used to burn the symbols into the flesh of the four papal candidates who have been kidnaped.  So, much of the suspense comes not from wondering whether they'll catch the bad guy, but whether they'll be able to save the poor cardinals before they are dispatched.<br/>One standout piece of good writing was the characterization of the young papal secretary whose faith, courage and strength serve as a call to the Catholic faithful and an example to the world of  what a pope could be.  I found myself moved by this character's speeches and actions, even though I am far from Catholic, or even religious.<br/>The main character, John Langon, is impossibly smart and improbably employed as a symbologist at Yale University.  He is a sort of geeky version of the macho Dirk Pitt archetype, tireless, strong and resourceful.  But his background serves to make this a thriller more cerebral than simply raising the Titanic or some fanciful lost city.<br/>Improbable is a good word for this novel.  Almost none of it is believable or possible, but Dan Brown weaves a fascinating world in which he is, at least, consistent and faithful to his own ideas.  It's interesting, it's exciting and it's a good precursor  or followup to The DaVinci Code, which is, laughably, almost the exact same book, with precisley the same flaws and draws.
 Angels And Demons is the first novel of Dan Brown about Robert Langdon,a Harvard symbologist who deciphers codes and clues in ancient art works in castles and cathedrals. When he was called upon a Swiss research facility to analyze a mysterious symbol that was placed on the chest of a murdered physicist.It was revealed that the secret brotherhood known as the Illuminati is going to carry out a secret vendetta against the Catholic Church.The story was definitely a full of drama and suspense from beginning to end that makes it a page turner despite the fact that it was implausible and unrealistic.
 I liked this book, don't get me wrong. Dan Brown must know everything about everything. There cannot be a smarter author out there. With that being said, his smarts bleed into his writing sometimes and he becomes preachy at times, giving history lessons when a bomb is about to explode, or when someone is chasing one of his characters. At other times, characters sound like they are reading off the back of a toothpaste tube. His dialogue at times induced eye rolling, espcially when dealing with the religious themes in the book. If they made this book into a movie, I have a feeling there would be laughing where it wasn't intended. But done right, this book would make one heck of a movie. I'd pay to see it.<br/>The ending also left me stale, it seemed that Brown tacked on a twist at the end for the sake of having a twist at the end. I was digging the plot up until that point, then the rest was a bit of a let down.<br/>I have yet to read the Da Vinci Code, and I hope that it is better. Angels &amp; Deamons is a definite page turner, it just could have been a lot better, IMO.
 Two thousand four hundred and sixty-four reviews later: but for me it's a first.<br/>This read was a page-turning blast and full of historically accurate information: 400 churches in Rome, 60,000 works of art in 1,400+ rooms in the Vatican, 12 Bernini angels on the Ponte Sant' Angelo, the obelisks, symbols, crusades, inquisitions, popes and their indiscretions, the horrific possibility that a pope could actually be murdered from someone on the inside.<br/><br/>Truth is stranger than fiction and Brown's fertile imagination has woven an intricate web of reality in this diabolical drama. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/In-God-s-Name-An-Investigation-Into-the-Murder-of-Pope-John-Paul-I/dp/0786719842/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">In God's Name: An Investigation Into the Murder of Pope John Paul I</a> gives indisputable evidence of a 1978 plot within the Vatican to murder Pope John Paul I--a plot that involves the underground powers that Brown cites in this book: PII (a powerful Masoni Lodge in Italy) that has used the Vatican Bank to launder money for decades. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Dark-Heart-of-Italy/dp/B00699QVPY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Dark Heart of Italy</a> confirms evidence the five Mafia families that lurk in the Italian underworld: Demons in the dark without a doubt.<br/><br/>Love the way Langdon dodges bullets, slips away from knives, exits from raging fires, survives an underwater drowning that requires that he hold his breath for five minutes, manages to find a way into the tightest security of the Vatican and the Castel Sant'Angelo and, in the ultimate feat of death-defying survival, plummets to earth from a helicopter 20,000 feet in the air, displacing currents and the trajectory of his fall by the manipulation of the helicopter's windshield cover, thereby assuring that he lands in the Tiber River near (get this) a hospital. And, of course, it's his Harvard swim team training that assures his survival.<br/><br/>The ending is completely different from Ron Howard's movie and well worth reading the book to find out what happens.<br/>And...of course...(should I give the last page away?)...he beds the beautiful protagonista!
 If you like thrillers and mysteries, Angels and Demons is for you. Like The Da Vinci Code, this one is hard to put down. I have no idea how accurate the history background is for Brown's books, but the stories are riveting. Angels and Demons is like being in the middle of fantasy computer game in which one has to solve a puzzle to reach a new level. The combination of futuristic physics, the modern Catholic church, a tour of Rome, and late renaissance history makes for a quite volatile brew. As with The Da Vinci Code, I enjoyed the details so much that I re-read many of the chapters. The plot is fascinating and the characters come alive beyond being mere charicatures. I was totally hooked and willing to suspend my disbelief as the novel climaxed toward a spectacular victory of good over evil. Of course I will not reveal the ending, but can say that the book does not end with a thud.
 I never read a Dan Brown book until I read his best selling thriller "The Da Vinci Code". The can't-put-it-down page turner captivated my literary senses, and played with intriguing, fun themes. Naturally, I went to the first book in which the character of  Robert Langdon appeared, and found it to be equally compelling, if somewhat over-the-top in some parts.<br/>Robert Langdon is introduced as a symbologist, who's awakened early in the morning by a phone call and subsequently, a very disturbing fax. His adventures thus begin, and literally do not stop until the next day.<br/>What lies between those two points provides an enjoyable, challenging story that is compelling, imaginative, and thrilling.<br/>Brown's style is rich with philosophical bantering, provided by his characters at prime moments in the action when they are given "breathers" to discuss certain developments. This allows the reader to feel as if he's learning something as the story spins around him. However, Brown's style is also somewhat shallow and lacking a true depth into his characters. He basically sets up the characters very quickly, and away they go.<br/>But this lack of depth didn't bother me. I didn't read this book to get inspired by insightful characters. I read this book to get involved with a mind blowing thriller that I couldn't put down, and Brown delivers on every page. However, unlike "The Da Vinci Code", there were times that the events in this book seemed somewhat incredibly fantastical and unbelievable. Fortunately, it wasn't too often, so I let them go.<br/>Angels and Demons provides many pages of good reading fun, with a few incredible devious twists thrown in. You won't want it to end.
 I bought this book for two reasons, I enjoyed Deception Point and I like Illuminati stories.  If you have read Deception Point, you will be familiar with the basic flow of the book, main character gets whisked off to investigate strange happening and a 24-hour whirlwind of activity begins.<br/>In this book, Robert Langdon is said character.  He has been summoned to a Swiss research facility to help investigate a murder that implicates the mysterious organization known as the Illuminati.  Langdon happens to be an expert.<br/>Science and history are bent to the breaking point as we learn that a large quantity of anti-matter has been created and it has been stolen.  It turns up in the Vatican.  Supposedly the Illuminati are behind the plot and they are planning to wipe out their old foes the Catholic Church.<br/>But there is a Conclave going on to appoint a new Pope and the favorites have been kidnaped from the Vatican itself.  Langdon must unravel the secrets of the Illuminati if they are to save the Cardinals and the Vatican.<br/>Langdon has a mere four hours to accomplish what he has been unable to do in twenty years.  But he does anyway.  Typical Brown subplots and major twists guarantee to final answers until the final page or two.<br/>I had a lot of trouble with the inaccurate science, the Captain of the Swiss Guard who will not take a threat seriously, and Langdon's ability to figure out what is going on.<br/>A romance plot line is added so that Langdon can have someone else point out the not-so-obvious once in a while.<br/>Still, it is a gripping book that keeps the reader hooked if only to see how things turn out (even if you can't believe it).  As for the bit about what was done "without sin", Brown seems to be unfamiliar with both the procedure and the Church's stand on one of the steps.<br/>Deception Point is much better.
 I love the "suspension of disbelief" books ONLY if they are well researched and based in some sort of reality.  Angels &amp; Demons is just that kind of book - WOW!!!  Hats off to Dan Brown for what seems like an incredible amount of research and time and planning, cause he's created an amazing non-stop thrill ride!<br/>I loved reading about all the secrets of the Vatican and how people like Galileo and Bernini played a part in the famous Illuminati!!  I now wish I had access to the Vatican libraries and secret vaults!!<br/>Lots of twists and turns, great action scenes and credible main characters made this book a joy to read.  Once I started I couldn't put it down.  Granted, some of the things that happen to our main character (drownings, non-parachute jumpings, buried alive, etc..) stretched the credibility line a bit, but it was all part of the fun and I loved it. I look forward to spending many more long nights with Mr. Brown and his well researched novels - THANKS!!!
 Dan Brown's book about Robert Langdon, scholar "and international action hero", is entertaining, fast paced and abounds with intrigue and secret societies and junk science.  While I enjoyed the book and found it hard to put down, my biggest problem with Mr. Brown is his gift to take those things we see every day and somehow transform them into something sinister and mysterious filled with meaning.  Mr. Brown takes liberties with some many things, from science to real organizations such as CERN and the Catholic Church that I find it troubling that the public may misinterpret the fictional books to be nonfiction and start looking for the next secret organization ready to take over the world.  In fact you can visit Professor Robert Langdon's homepage at  ...] robertlangdon.com.  That being said and suspending disbelief, for a while, this book weaves a good yarn, which will make you shut off the television, get your favorite slippers and settle in.<br/><br/>The story is set in Switzerland and Italy and, like Da Vinci Code, takes you on a tour of Rome that makes you want to hire Dan Brown as your next tour guide.  The book has the usual twists and turns but unlike the DaVinci Code, the pacing is faster, the puzzles less obtuse, and the action is more akin to a Clive Cussler novel with some pretty unbelievable action sequences.  After reading this book I am glad I did not enter the fast paced lifestyle of Religious Symbology like Professor Langdon or else I would be dead by now.<br/><br/>My advice is if you like Ludlum, Cussler and yarns about secret societies and ancient mysteries, get yourself a chair by a fire and read this book.  And do it before reading the DaVinci Code.  After all, how many authors can lay claim to the fact that the inventor of the World Wide Web, CERN, has devoted a page to discussing their novel.
 I read the enormously popular if not widely read "The Da Vinci Code" after I had heard so much about it.  Despite its flaws, I thorougly enjoyed it.  I didn't buy into the premises, but I found the novel entertaining and thought provoking.  Having enjoyed that novel, I thought I'd give the first Robert Langdon novel a try.<br/><br/>"Angels &amp; Demons" has many similar elements to "The Da Vinci Code."  First, Langdon is awoken unexpectedly and summoned to the scene of a crime.  From there, it is a race against a powerful and unseen enemy to decipher a mystery with an answer that has enormous consequences.  Unlike "The Da Vinci Code" the potential consequences of "Angels &amp; Demons," although monumental in the scope of the novel, don't mean much, if anything, outside of the cover.<br/><br/>In some ways, I found that this made "Angels &amp; Demons" more enjoyable.  I've come to understand that the novel has several factual inaccuracies, but in the end, they don't mean much other than to disrupt your suspension of belief if you caught the inaccuracy.<br/><br/>After about 100 pages or so, the plot of "Angels &amp; Demons" varies from that of "The Da Vinci Code" by quite a bit.  Langdon has been awoken from sleep in his home in the United States.  A Harvard professor that specializes in symbiology, Langdon is summoned to CERN, a scientific research company in Europe, to help CERN's director understand the significance of a brand that was found on a murdered scientist.  The consequences of the murder and the scientist's work quickly lead to a plot against the Catholic church, and Langdon finds himself racing through the Vatican and Rome in an attempt to catch a man that has proven himself to be a kidnapper, murderer, and terrorist.<br/><br/>This book is best enjoyed if you suspend your disbelief, understand that not all the "facts" presented are true, and enjoy the mystery and plot twists.  Despite claims made by the author and others, this novel is the truth and will be found in the fiction section of your local book store.<br/><br/>I thoroughly enjoyed Brown's discussion of the works of Bernini, the religious monuments in the Vatican and in Rome, and the creation of the conspiracy and mystery that is at the heart of the novel.  I found it fascinating.  I've subtracted a star in this novel simply because the plot took a turn that I thought was really out of place compared to the rest of the book.  The reader will know it when he sees it.<br/><br/>If you enjoyed "The Da Vinci" code, I suspect you'll enjoy this novel.  Take the claims made in the novel with a grain of salt.  Read the novel as a mystery and a puzzle and not a history lesson, and you are bound to enjoy it more.  Some readers have agonized over the characters and their development, but for me, that is a small part of the book.  The mystery is the most enjoyable aspect of the book, and the characters are just vessels to steer the reader through it.<br/><br/>Overall Grade:  4 stars.
 If you enjoyed THE DAVINCI CODE, this is its predecessor.  Robert Langdon, Harvard symbologist, is called in because a mysterious symbol has been branded on the chest of a dead scientist at CERN.  How you mix scientists, antimatter, cardinals and the Vatican in a mystery is an intriguing recipe. Brown manages to pull it off with Robert Langdon in the lead.  While I preferred THE DAVINCI CODE as I liked the art link and woman's spirituality theme, this book is great fun, too.  4.5 stars for me but might be 5 stars for you if you prefer the subject matter.  The movie based upon this book is entertaining to see after you've read the book.
 A novel that has great content of historical and esoteric theoretical fact, perhaps the best quality of this book is its teaching purposes for those who have a short attention span for art and/or conpsiracy theories. The story itself is captivating enough to keep the reader involved but it has its weak spots. The story continues to gain pace towards its climax but the pace becomes so rushed that confusion can ensue. The timeline is absolutely unbelievable. Towards the end I found myself skimming to keep up with the story! If the "sexy" aspect were removed, which cheapens the story, a woman running around Vatican City in her shorts, mentioned several times, and unnecessary, combined with the ending and her ridiculous actions, taking into consideration that her father had just been murdered, the ending was a disappointment. A good crowd pleaser. It DID keep me reading but not 100% satisfied.
 I probably shouldn't have read this *after* Dan Brown's most famous novel "The Da Vinci Code", as in many ways "Angels and Demons" is the prototype version of Brown's bestseller, containing many of the plot-points that were used to better effect in "Code". Like his later novel, "Angels and Demons" stars Robert Langdon, deals with a dastardly secret plot, takes place in famous locations and includes dubious history `facts' about conspiracy theories. It all adds up to a fast paced thriller, which stretches the boundaries of even the most gullible reader's ability to suspend disbelief.<br/><br/>Just like in "The Da Vinci Code", the book opens with Robert Langdon being called in to provide specialised information on a murder; in this case a famous scientist who has been found with an astonishing ambigram branded onto his chest. Leonardo Vetra was killed in his office at CERN (a real-life research facility), apparently due to his work on producing a substance called antimatter. After discovering Vetra was a man who was working on a lifelong dream of reconciling science and faith, Langdon believes that his killers were part of the Illuminati, an ancient secret society that despises the Church.<br/><br/>Joining forces with Vetra's daughter Vittoria (beautiful, slim, tanned, intelligent, witty, etc) Langdon gradually becomes aware of a deeper plot to cripple Vatican City. Combining ancient clues and modern technology, the couple race around Rome's historical landmarks in order to track down the threat to the Catholic Church and save the day! It gets steadily more ridiculous (and as such, hilariously funny) as it goes on and ultimately throws in a surprise twist that is quite disconcerting and negates the shadowy threat that had been looming in the background throughout the book and was (for me) the most interesting part. To not only get rid of it, but make it so that it never existed in the first place, was a let-down.<br/><br/>Though the mastermind of the whole scheme remains shrouded in mystery till the end, Brown also includes a more direct villain who is known only as "the Hassassin" who is so disgustingly misogynist and sadistic (not to mention one-dimensional) that his chapters are difficult to read. Villains can be many things; intelligent, respectable, tormented, sympathetic, all of which can be used to garner the reader's interest, but the Hassassin is none of these, and instead is so repulsive I just wanted him to go away.<br/><br/>Brown includes the general theme of science-versus-religion throughout the story, and gives a reasonably balanced account of both sides of the argument (which may interest those who believed "The Da Vinci Code" was anti-Christian, as here the protagonists are racing against the clock to *save* Vatican City). Brown's ultimate message, that religion and science are not mutually exclusive and that the wisest among us are those that seek harmony between the two factions, is surprisingly relevant in today's day and age when tolerance and understanding seems to be a steadily-shrinking phenomena.<br/><br/>As always, Brown's use of "factual details" that he litters throughout the story have to be taken with a hefty pinch of salt. I was fascinated by the discussion Brown supplies on antimatter and the CERN institution, but knowing the unreliability of the author when it comes to such details (and spotting endless mistakes in his treatment of artwork, landmarks and history) I couldn't help but feel certain that he "coloured the facts" in this area too. That's a pity; but I do have to admit that one of my favourite Brown techniques is to slip these little titbits into his work, making it seem a richer and more satisfying read - the real work comes in sorting out the fact from the fiction.<br/><br/>Brown's writing techniques are on full display here: somewhat stilted dialogue, massive coincidences, vital information that is spoon-fed to the reader, short chapters that end on cliff-hangers; all of which race along at such a breathless pace that you hardly notice any of it! Good for a holiday read due to its chunky length, it's especially handy when you need to kill time on a long trip.
 This is excellent escapist literature containing much action, is fast paced and has many twists and turns.  Robert Langdon is a superhero of literature, never tiring, always being in the right place at the right time.  The plot is somewhat like the DiVinci Code.  This book is a combination of sci fiction plus religion.<br/><br/>Some antimatter has been stolen and could mean the end of the old city of Rome.  An attractive young woman and her father, a priest, who adopted her from an orphanage are brilliant and gifted scientists who have worked on antimatter.  A canister of this has been stolen and must be found quickly.  There is much danger in store for the whole world if it is not.  Vittoria's father has been gruesomely murdered and she is looking for vengeance.<br/><br/>Harvard religious professor, Robert Langdon, is called in because he teaches courses on symbollism in different religions and their teachings plus has written three books on these teachings.  The director of CERN, a scientific think tank or mind bank where only brilliant and gifted scientists work on different projects, has called Robert Langdon and has asked for his help. He is flown to Switzerland on a very fast plane, very high tech, very tomorrowland.  He is flown to a very sophisticated Swiss labratory,again very high tech,ultra modern, far beyond the labs of today.<br/><br/>A question is can religion and science be combined or must they always stay apart?<br/><br/>Members of the Illuminati claim to have stolen the vial of antimatter and are planning to blow up the City of Rome and Vatican City.  The antimatter must be found before it can destroy.  There is a conclave, the Pope has died, a new Pope must be elected.  Four cardinals have been kidnapped.  The cardinals have gotten together for a conclave.  But where are the four missing cardinals?<br/>They must be at the conclave.<br/><br/>The story takes place in a very short time.  Vittoria and Robert rush around Rome and Vatican City to find the antimatter.  Where can it be?  Will it be found in time?  Will they be able to find the four kidnapped cardinals before they are murcered?  The words, EARTH,WIND,FIRE AND WATER are important to this story.<br/><br/>Should religion or science win?  One of the questions.<br/><br/>Dan Brown takes the reader through the City of Rome, Vatican City and describes many of the churches.  I enjoyed the trip and descriptions of churches,fountains,streets and much more.  Wonderful vicarious trip, plus Mr Brown writes about the teachings and worship of many religions.<br/><br/>A very wise and compassionate man was voted pope.<br/><br/>So read and enjoy, there is good action and the book is an great escape from reality.
 The story is actually very interesting, and kept me coming back for more. But if details are important to you, or if you have an inquiring mind, you will be continually frustrated.<br/><br/>Many people in these reviews have pointed out implausiblities with the timeline, the layout of Rome, translation of some latin phrases, etc. I won't waste time repeating them.<br/><br/>The improbability of the Mach 15 plane has been discussed, but I didn't see anyone mention what kind of G-Force (acceleration pressure on the body) that thing would have. To take off, get to Rome, and land in just one hour would require such acceleration that it could kill everyone abord. Pilots can (and do) pass out from G-Force in modern fighter jets, and they don't go anywhere near Mach 15! I love science fiction but this thing that belongs to the realm of "Star Trek" and just doesn't fit in at all with this book. And what's really tragic about this plot device is that it was totally unnecessary. Yes, the hero has a 24 hour timeline to work on. But the author could have easily have changed it to a 48, or 72 hour timeline, or whatever. Or, he simply could have had the hero already start out visiting in Rome at the start of the book.<br/><br/>But one thing is so utterly stupid it defies imagination. During a flashback, the hero recalls a student lecture where he claims that everything in Christianity is borrowed from some other religion. For example, he claims to "know" that Christ was really born in March, but we celebrate Xmas on Dec 25 because it was a pagan holiday. These "facts" are debatable, but possible. But then he makes the LUDACRIOUS claim that the Christian idea of Communion (eating the body of Christ) was borrowed from...... the AZTECS!!!!<br/><br/>Uh, hey, Dan Brown, did you ever hear of Columbus??? Or Cortes? When do you think they lived? No one from the Western World could have met any Aztecs until at least the end of the 15th century!!! (If you are still confused, that's fully 1500 years after Christians started the idea of Communion!) C'mon...<br/><br/>If this character was so ignorant as a University professor, how in the hell could he solve all the myriad of puzzles in the book?<br/><br/>On the author's web site he claims that he has no anti-Christian or anti-Catholic bias. I find that hard to believe. In any case, the story itself was facinating, and makes you feel like you actually visited secret places in the Vatican, and it does look like the author did a lot of research. But it looks like he wrote it quickly and haphazardly without having someone else proofread it, which is too bad, because if it were cleaned up, it would be a truly great novel.
 Much ballyhoo has been said about Dan Brown's writing.  Invariably readers compare "Angels and Demons," with his better known and I think better structured and written, "The Da Vinci Code."  You very well may enjoy "Angels and Demons," as I did parts of it.  If not for anything else to take yourself on a mindless excursion through Rome, religion, and faux science.  I kind of enjoyed looking for the next snippet of bad writing as well.<br/><br/>It's up to Harvard symbology professor, Robert Langdon, and beautiful semi-scantily clad throughout Marine Biologist/naturalist scientist (may I suggest if there is to be a movie aptly played by Denise Richards) Vittoria Vetra to save the Vatican's bacon from the all dreaded antimatter.  The plot will take some major suspension of expectations of reality, not that that's a bad thing...this is fiction after all.  Much has been critiqued that Brown only puts forth quasi-science, inaccurate historical references, and messes up geography to boot.  For me, that's not so much an issue.  Again, it's a work of fiction.  It's like expecting music entertainers to be responsible spokespeople for the bellwether of international politics (ala Dixie Chicks).  Should people be held to high standards when they are outside of their area of expertise?  Let Dan Brown fictionalize and let's not expect accuracy.  Let Natalie Maines rant off...she's an entertainer, not Tim Russert.<br/><br/>So back to the bad writing.  The ones to me that were most laughable involved scenes where the author was trying to build the magnetic attraction between Langdon and Vittoria.  I'm mentally picturing Tom Hanks awful hair-do in Ron Howard's "Da Vinci Code," and wondering how anyone of the female persuasion could be attracted?  Most of Brown's lines run towards the trite, rote, and cliched.  Let me share a few.  Langdon wakes up in a hospital after falling three miles from the sky with nary a parachute in sight (he does however hold a cloth square over his head to guide him into a river...I'm seeing a truly laughable moment if this ever makes it to film).  We get this on page 432, "The fog began to lift. Langdon felt a wave of relief.  He hated hospitals, but they certainly beat aliens harvesting his testicles."  Hah!  Surely Brown had an inspired moment when penning that.  I'm sure he was having some fun.  I had to stop reading it and have a good laugh out loud moment and share an alien testicle harvesting moment with meine frau.<br/><br/>Usually authors try to save their best sentences for the opening paragraph and something remarkable to finish the book of in a coda exclamation.  Here's what Brown came up with, "Langdon shook his head.  "No, and I seriously doubt I'm the kind of man who could ever have a religious experience."  Vittoria slipped off her robe.  "You've never been to bed with a yoga master, have you?"  A yoga master mind you as the book delves into "American Pie," territory of juvenile hormonal dreams.  Funny stuff.<br/><br/>So wrapping this up, I'd say if you are looking for something light...a summer read, perhaps start elsewhere but Angels and Demons is out there and widely read.  At least you can join the debate whether "The Da Vinci Code" or "Angels and Demons" is the more engaging read.  You might enjoy the laughable writing in places too and can share what you find here on Amazon.<br/><br/>--MMW
 The initial plot is interesting - anti-matter and a clash between science and religion.  But at the end, one has the feeling the author was trying to pile on the most numerous and unbelievable twists.  The book would have been much better if it had ended 100 pages sooner.  The survival of the protagonist, while maybe necessary to the author so he can make more money from a sequel, is the least probable twist of all.
 It is a fascinating Sci-Fi novel inside Rome and the Vatican.<br/>A novel well written and easy to read, light in its content but well investigated.  The scheme is quite predictable, but the book is full of action and keeps the reader interested to the end.  In the drama, the personage's characters are rather ill defined, but that makes the plot simple enough to be understood without the need for notes.  The unsuspected reader may be surprised by finding certain political facts and some individual details related to the organization, and political powers that manage the Vatican.  It is a novel about a novel...  It is a romance about the great fabrication of all times....!<br/>Perhaps a little long novel.... Could have been a bit shorter....<br/>Buy the illustrated edition, is worth it even if you have been in Rome.
 This book would make a great "popcorn" movie. It grabs you immediately, makes you want to keep reading and builds at a very exciting pace. I liked most of the characters in the story, although the romantic interest was a bit hard to believe.<br/><br/>The relationship between Robert Langdon, the protagonist, and Vittoria, the beautiful daughter of a slain scientist, is not realistic, in my view. As the story takes place in 1 day, things progress too quickly in regards to his feelings for her, and her moments of lightheartedness on the day she discovers her father has been brutally murdered ring untrue.<br/><br/>I did like the many accurate and interesting historical facts that are central to the plot. The devotion of the author to his subject is very impressive. Many of the concepts presented in the story are based on well known urban myths and lesser known conspiracy theories. It does make for compelling reading and is very entertaining, but it is fairly average stuff as far as literary worth goes. Enjoyable for what it is.
 Angels and Demons is an incredible novel written by author Dan Brown. This novel is intense, sophisticated, and complex; intertwining multiple, well-developed storylines in real-time. In Angels and Demons, Harvard professor and symbologist Robert Langdon gets a call from CERN, a nuclear research facility in Switzerland, about an ancient symbol that was branded into one of the head scientists, Leonardo Vetra. Initially, Langdon is skeptical of this symbol because Maximillian Kohler, the director of CERN, claims that it is from the Illuminati. Though, when Kohler sends Langdon a fax of the mutilated body with an Illuminati symbol branded into his chest, Langdon agrees to meet Kohler at the research facility in Europe. While there, Langdon sees the dead body and meets Leonardo’s adopted daughter and lab partner, Vittoria Vetra. Reluctantly, Vittoria agrees to take Langdon and Kohler to the secret facility that she and her deceased father had been working in. While there, Vittoria presents that she and her father and been working on creating antimatter to prove that something can be made from nothing and the existence of God. Vittoria later reveals that this substance is highly dangerous when exposed to real matter. Soon after, they receive a call from the Swiss Guard in the Vatican, saying that the stolen antimatter is hidden somewhere and will explode after the timer on the container counts down to zero. For the remainder of the novel, Langdon and Vittoria have to decode an ancient poem and travel through the Illuminati’s secret “Path of Illumination” to find the killer, save kidnapped cardinals, and stop the antimatter before it explodes at midnight.<br/> There are a couple of features about this novel that makes it a distinguished one. The first feature is the character development seen in each major character in the novel. As the novel progresses, a reader can actually sense the personal development of each character. For example, Carlo Ventresca, the Camerlengo for the Vatican, is first depicted as a very level headed man. Though, as the story develops, there are obvious changes in his personality that reveal a different side to him. Vittoria Vetra is another character that develops quite a bit throughout the story. She starts out very upset and confused about her father’s death, but as the story continues, her mixed emotions turn into determination and passion. There is also apparent development in the relationship between Vittoria and Langdon. In the beginning of the novel, they are both total strangers to each other; both having come from totally different pasts. As the story progresses and situations become more intense, they start to get closer to each other and have a dependence on each other. These complex character developments came from a series of back stories and details that Brown was skilled enough to include and the make the story much more interesting. This is because I as an audience member could understand the events that happened to a character that made a character act the way he or she did.<br/> Another feature that Brown added to Angels and Demons was the real-time element. He made the whole story continue during a certain time frame; taking a reader to different locations and putting the reader in different lives in each chapter. There are moments in the beginning where during one chapter, a reader is listening in on a conversation between Langdon and Kohler, then, Brown takes you to a moment in the Assassin’s life that is happening at the same time. This feature makes a reader feel like he or she is peering in on different moments in a character’s life. It also gives a reader a chance to draw conclusions quicker and predict what may or may not happen to a character. What is really impressive is the fact that Brown makes the real-time viewpoint shift more frequent towards the end of the novel. These more frequent viewpoint shifts make the novel much more exciting towards the end and keeps a reader on the edge of their seat towards the end. It also makes the dramatic twists towards the end much more exciting.<br/> Before I continue ranting about how great this book is, I will say that it is not entirely perfect. Brown tackles a huge social issue in this novel, and that is the division between religion and science. If you are biased towards one side (either religion or science), there could be moments in the book that come off as offensive. This is because Brown is not afraid to point out the pros and cons of both sides. He shows how religious people can come off just as ignorant and arrogant as those who believe in pure reason and science; though he also makes points that could justify both beliefs. He also makes another connection that could be blasphemous, and that is the union of science and religion. He makes a claim that science and religion go hand-in-hand. They were meant to work for each other, rather than against each other.  Another issue with the novel is how often it drones on. Brown’s attention to detail can come off as borderline obnoxious because as an audience member, I can predict what may happen pages before it actually happens. This is not a bad problem to have though because towards the end, the details and clues that he leaves throughout the novel pay off.<br/> `All in all, this novel is still nothing less than incredible. There are so many aspects of Angels and Demons that make it one of the best novels you can read. It is controversial, educational, and an all around adventure. It intertwines different story-lines and different lives into one huge plot, making it a real journey for anyone that picks up the novel. In conjunction, the obvious character development in the novel attaches a reader to the character. Brown does this through compelling back stories and clever references to a character’s past. Dan Brown did not just write a novel, he created a masterpiece and anyone would be crazy to not read this story.
 This book is phenominal.  I read Da Vinci Code by Mr. Brown a few months before I read this.  I picked up this book because I was expecting the same type of story.  I was partially correct, with this being at a more break-neck pace.  This story mainly takes place in the Vatican, with the same Robert Langdon that was in Da Vinci.  Mr. Langdon is called in when a man who discovered the powerful "antimatter" has been killed with the Illuminati logo seared on his back.  The antimatter can blow stuff up, and that is the problem: It is somewhere under the Vatican in the midst of the election of a new Pope.  By just reading this enticing bit, you can tell this book is terrific.  I could not put this book down, and I read it in 2 days, foregoing all my schoolwork; It's that good.  Maybe the fact that I'm a conspiracy and ancient civilization/secret organizations buff held me to this book as the Da Vinci Code did.  But regardless, this is an amazing book with a great plot and an ever greater story complementing the plot.
 I read The DaVinci Code first and, after being disappointed, decided against reading anything else of Brown's.  But, a friend enjoyed it and I was given it as a Christmas present by my cousin, so why not, right?<br/><br/>I was so pleased that I did.  Seeing the historical inaccuracies of the DaVinci Code made me want to verify the historical facts in this book, and, to my surprise, he is very accurate!  His use of history and combination of great writing and character interaction make this book a must read.  If you are curious about Brown because of all the publicity he has been recieving lately, read this book first.  Not only is it better but it is more accurate, not too mention the fact that he uses the same general story line in these two books, so why not read the better of the two?<br/><br/>Two thumbs up for Angels &amp; Demons.  Pleasantly surprised.
 Dan Brown's second Robert Langdon novel, the Da Vinci Code, has been stealing all of the attention, but this book is at least as good, if not better. Both books are equally suspenseful, exciting, and interesting and can be read in a few short days. While Angel's &amp; Demons doesn't quite have the same shocking revelations as the Da Vinci Code, the battle between Science and Religion was put in a very interesting light. The plot also seems to flow smoother and requires less suspension of disbelief.<br/><br/>I read this book immediately preceding a trip to Rome and followed the path of the Illuminati outlined in the book. While poetic license was taken with some minor details, Bernini's art was, for the most part, faithfully described. If you are interested in Rome, Baroque Art, the Vatican, Galileo or the Illuminati, you will find this book quite interesting.
 Basic Plot:<br/>This is the first book in the Robert Langdon Series, where you are introduced to the Art Historian and Harvard Symbologist who everyone is now becoming all cozy with reading Brown's recent best selling/trendy to read novel The Da Vinci Code. Langdon receives a call in the night which begins the most interesting 24 hours of his life, and ends up not only learning up close about the secret organization that he has studied for so long, but also wandering around Rome in an almost treasure hunt fashion. If you read the Parody of The Da Vinci Code by Dave Barry, in my opinion this book is actually closer to that cookie cutter vision Barry wrote about. The Novel brings to head the conflict of Science vs. Religion in a dramatic and bizarre (but interesting) way.<br/>Review<br/>Science and Religion have always been opposing forces in the views of man, but when a new and powerfully scary power is unleashed, a power that could either combine Science and Religion, or destroy them both, Robert Langdon has one hell of a long day.<br/>It's not the most original idea...intelligential man brought into a mystery and has to use his abilities to save the day, and of course the girl (though girl's in Brown's Novels are pretty darn feisty) But it's the way Brown presents the ideas of Religion and Science, Mortality and Mind that make for an interesting read.<br/>Some people claim that Demons and Angels and The Da Vinci Code are anti-catholic/anti-religion...but I found no indication of this. They seem to point out many flaws in religious thinking, that much is true, but they are also protective of the Church, and of Mankind's need to look to something other than itself...the need to not lose the mysteries of the world.<br/>When reading this novel I couldn't help but make comparisons to Indiana Jones movies and other adventure/mystery types because, while this book dealt with such things as Physics, and Art, you have to just take things for granted. You need to accept certain things to have a good time.<br/>I read many reviews of this novel and found people poking holes through almost all of the facts presented in the novel (in Latin this means this, not that...and that doesn't actually work like that, and so forth) but it's fiction, it's not a journal of Scientific Study. Just read it and follow the Author's amazing view of things, and see the connections he makes, and follow them without question, because that is what this book is about....putting things together. Just thinking how Brown managed to intertwine so many elements, and create a plot that follows a logical path, but still manages to suprize is enough for me.<br/>It's action packed and fast paced as well. It has moments of cheesy fun, times where you want to bang your head on a wall (in that good way of course), moments of startling revelation, and a fun chance to watch smart people solve mysteries....A SUMMER BLOCKBUSTER IN BOOK FORM. As long as you recognize this, Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code are both fun reads.
 I just finished and started in on The Da Vinci Code. I must say, I was shocked by the twists and turns at the end. I thought it was over and wondered what the final 100 pages could hold and I wasn't disappointed.<br/>The story is an original with good characters, but at times it goes over the top. It probably would need to be toned down when it hits the big screen, and it will, imo. I can't imagine them not throwing this on the heels of the Da Vinci Code, which is starring Russell Crowe and Kate Beckinsdale.<br/>I was amazed at the things I learned. Dan Brown is an intelligent author. His books are fiction, but they are grounded in fact. That makes them quite unique. You will learn a lot about CERN, planes that fly overseas in an hour, and the power of anti-matter. Plus, of course, you will learn of the Illuminati. A worthy book. I highly recommend it.
 Yes, it really is Da Vinci code in its previous incarnatation.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons, from start to finish is a true Dan Brown's religious thriller. Full of religious symbols, puzzles, shocking moments, a good suspense, secret societies and historical figures. Da Vinci code was about Leonardo Da Vinci's works, this one's about Bernini's and Galileo's. You can draw parallels between these two books at each and every step.<br/><br/>I was really dazzled by Brown's Da Vinci Code and this book comes really close in keeping you riveted to the plot too. If you have already read Da Vinci Code, like most of us here, go for this book only if you do not mind repeatitions. No doubt there are far better thrillers written which never came close in popularity. This book is not a great read for language purists and the end seems a bit stretched.<br/><br/>However, to be fair, the book is exciting. Dan Brown knows how to build suspense and keep the reader glued.
 If Brown had only taken a bit more trouble in his research the book would have been a lot better.  But statements to the effect that hatha yoga is a Buddhist practice, that Henry Wallace "sold the design of the Great Seal to the President" (actually, he put it on the dollar -- it was designed in the 1700's), and that the motto "Novus Ordo Seclorum" means "New Secular Order" (it means "New Order for the Ages") mar the book, as do numerious factual errors about physics.  Why a person with so much imagination would not take the trouble to do research easily obtained via the Internet is beyond me.  If you want to see how fact and myth are artfully combined, read Foucault's Pendulum.  It has the Masons et al neatly tied together with great style.  But Brown's book is fun to read if you can get past the howlers.
 A friend who's read both encouraged me to read A&amp;D before DaVinci, so I'm coming at this book from that perspective.<br/><br/>This book was a little slow at the beginning.  I was busy and not reading it too frequently.  But, once the action picked up, I was hooked and couldn't put the book down.  Everything else was secondary to finding out what happens!!<br/><br/>I can't tell you how accurate the descriptions of the inside of the Vatican are, but I was certainly intrigued.  This book makes me want to go out and find out some more about the art and architecture around the Vatican City and in Rome.<br/><br/>There is a twist in this book, and it's a good one.  I was totally led astray and though I knew who the "bad guy" was early on.  And boy, was I wrong!!<br/><br/>I hope you enjoy Angels and Demons, whether you've read the DaVinci Code or not!  :)
 Angels &amp; Demons (2000) is an intellectual technothriller about nuclear physics, secret societies and murder.  This work introduces Robert Langdon, a noted professor on religious iconology at Harvard and the author of The Art of the Illuminati.  Thus, it is a prequel to The DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>Early one morning, Langdon receives a fax depicting a dead man branded with an ambigram reading Illuminati.  He flies to Geneva, Switzerland, in a Boeing X-33 prototype at Mach 15 and a black Peugeot sedan at 170 kilometers per hour.  Arriving at CERN, he is taken to meet the director and to view the corpse of Leonardo Vetra, a prominent physicist as well as a Catholic priest.<br/><br/>Langdon is convinced that the brand is some remnant of the Illuminati society, a secret organization of freethinkers.  The brand is an ambigram that reads the same rightside up and upside down.  It had often been described in the literature, but never illustrated or duplicated.<br/><br/>The Illuminati society had been formed four hundred years past to oppose the self-assumed role of the Holy Roman Catholic Church as the arbitrator of the Truth.  The society was particularly concerned by the murder of so many scientists in the name of Christ.  The Church had responded by declaring the Illuminati to be instruments of Satan.<br/><br/>Langdon doubted that the Illuminati were involved in the murder.  They had never been terrorists.  Besides, they were unlikely to still exist, despite popular opinion to the contrary.<br/><br/>Later he meets the adopted daughter, Vittoria Vetra, who is also a physicist.  They find that the murderer has gained entrance to Leonardo's underground laboratory and has stolen a canister of antimatter.  Vittoria wants to report the theft to Interpol, but the CERN director objects.  Returning to the surface, they find that the Vatican has just called about the missing container.<br/><br/>Langdon and Vittoria immediately fly to Rome and are met by a member of the Swiss Guard.  The Commander shows them a screen displaying an image of the CERN antimatter container with a flashing indicator showing the time remaining until power down.  The wireless security camera transmitting the image is not in its normal location and has not yet been found.<br/><br/>The Vatican is totally involved in Il Conclave, the assembly of the College of Cardinals to select a new Pope.  The Commander is not pleased to learn that the whole complex and a good part of Rome might disappear in a fireball at midnight.  At first he declares it is only a hoax and locks them within his office.  But Vittoria calls the camerlengo, the official in charge during the assembly, and asks for assistance in handling the Swiss Guard.<br/><br/>This volume is the third novel by this author.  His writing skills have noticeably improved in this work and its sequel.  Yet the following work seemed to strike some accord with popular taste and thereby achieved considerable fame.  This novel, however, lays the groundwork for the sequel.  Read this one first!<br/><br/>Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys tales of secret societies and high adventure.<br/><br/>-Bill Jordin
 Topline, a great summer read for all fans of the historical mystery genre.<br/><br/>Storyline/Plot:<br/><br/>Harvard Professor is called to investigate a murder in CERN and how he goes about deducing the mystery as it expands to Vatican in a course of 12 hours is the main plot.<br/><br/>Plot Techniques:<br/><br/>Keeps 3 different plots active at the same time, and merges them when he resolves the final climax. Provides a good overview of scientific basis for anti-matter arguments. Dan Brown's web site has some good links to the symbology work mentioned in the book.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/><br/>- Fast pace with strong historical/travel/scientific overview<br/><br/>- Believable characters that have been built well (thanks to all the Da Vinci fans)<br/><br/>- Juxtaposing multiple plots in an interesting manner<br/><br/>Cons:<br/><br/>- Very predictable climax that makes you think of a Hollywood potboiler<br/><br/>- For DaVinci fans the overall scheme is very predictable and hence quite mechanistic read<br/><br/>Overall, I would recommend Dan's book whole heartily to any mystery fan.<br/><br/>Yours waiting for Solomon Key reviewer,<br/><br/>Fred "Galielo" Sanford
 Normally I feel it is a mistake to see the movie of a book before actually reading it... I have had so many disappointments this way, but with Dan Brown's ANGELS AND DEMONS I have to say that each was so well done that I couldn't tell you which one I enjoyed more!<br/><br/>The book introduces us to Robert Langdon, a man I feel like I know after seeing the Davinci Code and Angel &amp; Demons movies, but someone who Dan Brown gives amazing depth to in this book. He is called to help on what seems like a symbologist's dream assignment: answering questions about an ancient brotherhood that seems to have come alive and are working around him. This leads him on an assignment that has life and death consequences, but not before some great questions have to be asked and answers---and not always as easily as one might want.<br/><br/>Alone the journey Langdon is joined by Vittoria Vetra, a scientist who has a personal connection to the death and destruction that is being promised and works with Robert for answers that might also give her a sense of justice.<br/><br/>One aspect of the book that is lost in the movie is that of good and evil on a larger scale, and how important what one believes affects the way they choose to live their lives. As they are racing against the clock, Victtoria and Robert are able to have some real conversations about science and faith and if the two have to be at odds with one another in order for someone to be "pure" in their beliefs. I have to say that the reader will find themselves asking the same questions as they blaze through chapter after chapter, trying to see will evil have a chance to prevail or will goodness win out.<br/><br/>This book is one of those you can read time and again and not tire of the characters and the journey in which the author takes you. It's one of those stories that you will enjoy as fiction but will appreciate for the real questions that it raises. In the end Brown's ANGELS &amp; DEMONS inspires faith and understanding and maybe a little patience for the reader. At least it did for me.<br/><br/>If you haven't already, add this one to your reading list. It is well worth the time and the effort.
 This Vatican City, terrorist thriller pits science against religion (Roman Catholic) and neither wins.<br/><br/>Normally novels that blend fact with fiction usually are, to some degree, plausible tales.  Tom Clancy, Brad Thor, Steward Wood, to mention a few writers in Brown's genre, all write thrillers that are believable. Dan Brown, in this novel, does not.<br/><br/>If set in today's world then a thinking reader has to question airplanes that go 15,000 mph!  Anti-matter exceeding the destructive power of a 5 kiloton bomb contained in a plastic box!  A Papal helicopter with a rate of climb only exceeded by military jets!  And most implausible is the survival of the hero, American symbologist Robert Langdon, who falls to earth from a height of over two miles (using a windshield tarp and the rock free Tiber River, in Rome, to soften the impact) only to get up and save the day.<br/><br/>This read is not up to story quality found in "the Code".  Conditionally recommended
 Well this is the book the started it all for the most part. Fans that read Dan Brown based solely on his popularity with The Da Vinci Code probably won't be running to read Digital Fortress anytime soon (sorry DF fans out there, but it's the truth). As far as popularity is concerned, to read an "early" Dan Brown usually means picking up a copy of Angels &amp; Demons.<br/><br/>Taken for what it is this book doesn't disappoint at all!<br/><br/>Unfortunately some reviewers seem to forget that Dan Brown is not an authority on any of the topics he mentions and his books. That being said the average reader is sure to grasp that the author researches his work only as much as it's needed to provide the reader with entertainment. (I mean come on, in the world of The Da Vinci Code we're asked to believe that the Nag Hammadi library as well as similar Gnostic writings with strong religious implications are known only to a few writers in his world whereas in reality such topics are more widely known about. Or, if you will, in Angels &amp; Demons we're asked to believe in the "implausibility" of Mach 15... oh well, science fiction isn't science reality.)<br/><br/>That said Angels &amp; Demons is a fun work of fiction, heralded by many to be one of Dan Brown's finest novels. The appeal is in a level of excitement not found in his other works. However some of Brown's later works are better researched (this isn't due to any lack of research on Brown's part, the topics in the book are simply not as solid as those found in later works). If Angels &amp; Demons has any other flaw it would be its size. It does drag on toward the end just as The Da Vinci Code did, and quite like The Da Vinci Code, the plot twists might leave a few fans disappointed. But with Brown it's about the journey not the endings.<br/><br/>But that's where all the negative characteristics of the book end. Unlike other reviewers I didn't find the characters "too flat," in fact I thought Langdon was better here than in Da Vinci (since, I believe, this is the first book that features Robert Langon), he's presented with a background and personality. I think the same could be said for all of the characters present in the novel, but to each his or her own.<br/><br/>One thing is for sure: what do you get when you combine a really cool living descendant of an 8th century Ismā'īlī Assassin sect and a bomb in one of the world's most sacred cities? A fun adventure you're bound to remember if you're into the genre. I would recommend reading The Da Vinci code first and then reading Angels &amp; Demons and in order to truly appreciate one of Brown's first novels.
 Dear Future Readers of this thrilling novel,<br/><br/>Firstly, my compliments on such a wonderful selection. This particular adventure is perhaps one of the absolute best I have read in a long time. The combination of mysterious plot and academic thought shows a precision of storytelling so unique and captivating. The surprise twist in the third act will leave you wanting to reread the entire book, searching for the subtlety of foreshadowing. And who can forget the colorful characters? All in all, a wonderful read from a tenacious writer.
 Lightning Strikes Dan Brown:  A work of Genius<br/><br/>This is actually a review of The Da Vinci Code, but was posted with the follow-up book.<br/><br/>  What a work of Genius.  Dan Brown has pulled off the kind of coup all authors hope for just once in their careers.  He has captured the imagination of millions of readers and incurred the ire and wrath of many others.  Of course, the one thing they all have in common is that they have purchased and read his book, which is exactly what he wanted them to do in the first place.<br/><br/>  In this book Mr. Brown has taken a subject many hold to be sacred, and that some fear may be sacred and worked it into a great book of fiction.  He is so creative that when he begins he presents a number of hypotheses as "facts" and weaves these "facts" into the rest of his story.  Presenting these theories in this way heightens the interest of the reader and draws those enjoying the story in ever deeper to his adventure.<br/><br/>  This is a marvelous work of fiction.  It is so marvelous that many people who should know better have accepted it as textual truth.  This has spawned a whole group of new books written in opposition to Mr. Brown's fictional work and a few in favor of it.  Again, what a great position he has created for himself.  All these new writers have read his book and their books by the fact of their vehement support of criticism of his book again spawn a whole group of new readers.  The tidal wave of new readers and profits for Mr. Brown and his publisher just seems to continue to mount.<br/><br/>  Mr. Brown differs from writers like D. L. Tanner.  Mr. Tanner writes in the field of Cryptozoology, admittedly not a field on the minds or tongues of the majority of Americans.  He creates a good story around know facts and ends up teaching his readers in a way no normal textbook could.  Dan Brown, on the other hand, is writing purely to entertain.  He realizes that to do so he will garner a greater readership of he mixes some elements of truth into his stories.  This has been a dynamic combination for him and the apex of his efforts appears in "The DaVinci Code."<br/><br/>  In this work Dan has gained many readers from a well he may not previously have tapped.  He has succeeded in motivating both conservative and liberal religious minded people to purchase and read his book.  Amazingly, many from both sides of the aisle have taken his work of fiction as either one of fact or a statement of a theological position to be lauded or critiqued.  On one hand one might say shame on both sides for being less well educated and discerning than they ought to be.  Of course, on the other, we must congratulate Mr. Brown again on spawning a small literary industry around this work of his.<br/><br/>  We wish Mr. Brown the best in the coming years.  It is hard to imagine that he will ever exceed the tremendous success of this book in a future novel.  However, this does seem to be a defining moment in his career and one that will put and keep him at the top in the field of adventure and fiction writers not to mention his new fans or anti-fans in the area of theology.
 So, i went to my local bookstore looking to pick up the DaVinci Code and stopped to talk to the local workerbee about the book.  She informed me that Angels and Demons was kinda (but in no way connected) a prequel to the DaVinci code.  So i bought both books.  I am so happy that i did.  I enjoyed A&amp;D so much.  This was a GREAT book full of suspense and drama.  The plot thickens, speeds up and unravels truths that i never would have guess at a rapid but throughly enjoyable pace.<br/><br/>I recommend this book to anyone interested in the DaVinci code, it is such a fun read with lots of twists.  The chacter development is excellent as the scences are depicted with precise detail.<br/><br/>Take a moment and read this book...i rarely give a book 5 stars but this one definitly deserves my praise!<br/><br/>Great work Dan.
 Okay, so we've read "The Da Vinci Code" and now we all have to get a copy of this book so we can be introduced to Robert Langdon and find out all about him.  As in "The Da Vinci Code", Dan Brown is obviously a man who does his research before applying it to paper.  Everything he wrote in this book is factual, with the exception of antimatter being that's in a state of scientific development.  However, I did not find this book to be as exciting as the sequel.  In fact, it lost steam before the last sixty or so pages after the crisis was taken care of.  And, it leaves some loose ends with the villain's fate being a mystery.<br/><br/>In all, the only reason this book is selling so well is because of "The Da Vinci Code".  If it weren't for that book, "Angels &amp; Demons" would be a book no one out there would even care about.  Still, pretty goo.
 Say what you will about Dan Brown but the man does write a fantastically thrilling novel. Fans of the Da Vinci Code will find that Angels and Demons is very similar in writing style and plot (really all that changes is the search that Robert Langdon goes on). One of my favorite things about the Da Vinci Code was all the talk about the art of Da Vinci. In this novel our artist who hides clues to protect a secret is Botticelli. Again in the novel readers are given lengthy descriptions of the works of art as we find them pointing to the answer that Robert Langdon seeks. We also are given a look at the possibility of antimatter and some of the science that surrounds it. Many reviewers out there will criticize Brown because his "facts" are not all that accurate and his take on religion is always less than favorable. But readers lets me honest, Angels and Demons is after all a work of fiction. The fact is the novel is at times very thrilling and a page turner. As far as the characters go... well do not expect much depth or insight from the characters. At times they function just to move along the action. But again the book is a fun summer read.<br/><br/>I gave this book 4 out 5 because the ending was strange. I felt that there were two endings to this novel. One concludes the action we were all waiting for a great ending that took me by surprise. The other is one that functions to finish off the relationship between Robert and Vittoria which was easy to see the first time the two met. Although Brown tries to create sexual tension between the two really it is flat and if the second ending were left out of the book completely the book would have received 5 out of 5. All in all it is a great book for the beach or a rainy summer day.
 This is Robert Langdon's first appearance and still his best. Angels &amp; Demons is just an example of an excellent thriller that has pretty much everything that you would expect it to have. Robert Langdon is a fairly good protagonist. While it may not be easy to relate to the fact that he is a Harvard Professor and his ability to solve complex puzzles apparently without much effort, he still comes of as very palatable in a lot of other ways. Vittoria, our supporting female protagonist is also a very strong character, and the two working in tandem creates a very enjoyable adventure.<br/><br/>One thing that Brown hit perfectly in this novel is the pacing. The whole novel feels great from cover to cover. There always seems to be action going on, whether it actually be a fight or running away, or some puzzles presented to our characters and we are with them every step of the way figuring them out. There are very few dry spots in the novel when I felt bored and disinterested, for the most part I just never wanted to put it down for a second.<br/><br/>The twists that occur in this novel are set up a bit better than in some of Brown's other novels. He does a much better job on concealing some character's motives and setting up some surprising moments in Angels &amp; Demons. He also does a good job of using the scientific material (in this case antimatter) in a way that while it is not perfect, it won't have those familiar with the scientific material throwing their hands in the air in disgust.<br/><br/>Overall, this is one of the better thriller novels I have read in a long time, and if that is what you are looking for, then you have something that you can enjoy here.
 Having read the DaVinci code, I looked for more works from the author.<br/>With respect to the top reviewer , I looked to this book to be entertained.  If you are looking for the great *insert country* Novel, then this is not for you.<br/>The character development is ok.  I could imagine what they looked like, I could see personality quirks and I found some I liked and some I disliked.  This is a sign a character is "developed" enough.<br/>As to factual mistakes;  who cares.  It is a novel and not a history book.  Dan Brown himself said he streatched facts and invented stuff in the DaVinci Code to make the story flow better.  He probably did the same for this one.<br/>Unlike the top reviewer, the plot is fine.  It is a novel so the author can make things up to tell the story.<br/>With respect to the top reviewer.  The plot twist if fine.  It kept me interested and kept me turning the pages.  I am usually pretty good at seeing the plot but I did not expect the outcome.<br/>With respect to the top reviewer, you quote can apply to you as well.  ;)<br/>The book is fun and unlike the top reviewer I read a novel for pleasure and don't go looking for mistakes.<br/>If you are one of these people, then don't read this book.
 What to do if someone has been mysteriously murdered with the only clue being an indelible, if arcane, form of religious symbology?  No problem.  Just call the Harvard art professor/religous symbologist extraordinaire, Robert Langdon.<br/>Having read The Da Vinci Code, I was somewhat skeptical of  undertaking Angels &amp; Demons.  I was somewhat unsure that it would compare, much less hold a candle, to The Da Vinci Code in terms of its proclivity for supremely suspenseful and intelligent writing.  Suffice to say, it did.  Despite a myriad of scenarios and events being highly implausible, Dan Brown's undeniable affinity for hyperbole(Robert Langdon's transformation into Superman during one scene notwithstanding), for all intents and purposes, serves to elevate the storyline to his characteristic high level of excitement and suspense that makes for a veritable high octane page-turner.  If you enjoyed The Da Vinci Code, you're sure to enjoy Angels &amp; Demons - perhaps even to a greater degree.
 Angels and Demons presents an incongruous, rambling story that contradicts itself and presents impropable events amidst wordy and pretentious monologues.  What begins as a seemingly intriguing plot soon devours itself with multifaceted twists that eventually just blow up with psychotic justifications of unbelievable behaviors.<br/><br/>The author is wordy and digresses at the most unlikely times with long lectures, histories and flashbacks.  The action is continuously interrupted with such digressions.  And Brown is wordy, on and on.<br/><br/>The characters behave in ways that are inconsistent with how they are intially presented.  This makes me think that the story was changed drastically from its original plot or that Brown was just writing by the seat of his pants and didn't want the story to end when it should have.<br/><br/>Much of the action and dialogues make little sense.  There appears to have been some potential in the story, but it just turned out as a an unbelievable and lengthy novel that I wish I had never picked up.
 When it comes to catholic religion-based adventure mysteries with mainstream appeal, Dan Brown has apparently found the magic recipe. There is no denying that his Robert Landon series has made him a household name. I do have to wonder, though, if it hadn't continued the story with The Da Vinci Code, would Angels and Demons alone have made him such a well-known author.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons may be the first book in the Robert Landon series, but I read it after having read the second book, The Da Vinci Code. I'd imagine this was the case for many saw The Da Vinci Code movie and wanted to see more of Brown's work. Angels and Demons is definitely heavier on the religion, being that it takes place in Vatican City and deals with the murder of current potential popes.<br/><br/>The history here focus on the Illuminati, a secret society of free thinkers of a time long past. Instead of delving deeply into the secrets of the church long ago, the look is at Vatican City itself and the secrets hidden in it's architecture and design. We see a lot of present day, inner workings of the religious city, much more so than the beliefs that shaped it.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons contains a thrilling, engaging mystery that would be surprising for the few that haven't already seen the movie version. I can't comment on the accuracy of the history and architecture, but all seems plausible when reading for entertainment alone. Angels and Demons may be too focused on faith for the mystery loving non-believer, but those open undeterred by a religious theme will love the adventure.
 This is my third Dan Brown book.  I read Da Vinci Code when everyone else was reading it, then Digital Fortress, now Angels and Demons.  I enjoy Brown's plot and like his characters (1-dimensional as some people might think they are).  Each book has some deeply geekly aspect that very few people have any chance of questioning.  I'm not an art historian so I can take a lot of Da Vinci Code at face value and not wince.  I'm not a cryptographer so Digital Fortress's esoteric technology is fine.  But in Digital Fortress, Brown calls a computer that must be a workstation a "terminal" and in Angels and Demons he refers to a cell phone having dial tone.  Now I happen to think that dial tone would be a great way for cell phones to indicate that they have service but in my experience, none do that.  Didn't anyone edit these books?  Geez.
 But unfortunately, it still leaves a lot of room for improvement. Still, the book's pacing is much better, the story tighter, and there are no clues that are being stretched too long just to create suspence (points I disliked about the Da Vinci Code).<br/><br/>Since most readers would be fimiliar with the general plot, I'd just like to mention a few points I still hadn't liked:<br/><br/>* This is a suspense / thriller book - the "love / sex" scenes seemed to be out of place.<br/><br/>* The fact of the Illuminati secrecy was established very early in the book, but once the perpetrator had been found - there was no explanation of how he was connected to this secret society, or how he put his hands on their brands, or had the knowledge of the "Path of Illumination".<br/><br/>* While the historical &amp; cultural references were fascinating, a lot of questions were raised on the accuracy of the "facts" behind the Da Vinci code, which makes me wonder how true - to - life they are here.
 "The Vatican denounced the brotherhood as Shaitan."<br/><br/>"Shaitan?"<br/><br/>"It's Islamic.  It means 'adversary' . . . God's adversary. . . . Shaitan is the root of an English word . . . Satan."  (page 34)<br/><br/>Earth to Dan Brown:  Islam is a religion, not a language.  The Koran was written in Arabic.  As to the name "Satan," it appears in the Old Testament, beginning in 1 Chronicles 21:1, and also in Job, Psalms, Zechariah, as well as throughout the New Testament.  Thus, the word "Satan" predates Mohammed and the founding of the Islamic religion by at least a thousand years.  (By the way, Dan, Muslims don't have "temples and gods." (p. 14) They have mosques and one god, Allah.)<br/><br/>That Dan Brown, who, we are told, was graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy and Amherst College, did not know this and could not be bothered to look it up, is far more interesting than the plot of this preposterous novel.  It isn't as though one little mistake slipped through the editorial process; the book is full of similar howlers.  "Novus Ordo Seclorum" doesn't mean "a new secular order . . . secular as in nonreligious."  It means "A new order of the ages."  The Nazca lines are not "sand drawings."  The New York Museum of Archeology, if there were such a thing, would be unlikely to contain a brontosaurus skeleton (and they certainly wouldn't call it that, since the technical name is "Apatosaurus.")<br/><br/>I'm sure there are many errors regarding science, art, art history, etc. that I didn't notice.  Many of the errors I noticed relate to religion.  There are no "unpublished books of the Holy Bible."  The Bible doesn't say Christ was born in March.  Christ didn't say "Upon this rock I will build my church" when he chose Peter as his first disciple, but when Peter confessed that Jesus was the Son of God.  (Matt. 16:15-18)  And of course, Protestants deny the Catholic claim that Jesus thereby meant that He would build His church on Peter.  Rather, Christ would build His church on the divine revelation that He, Jesus Christ, was the Son of the Living God.  Brown writes that "Peter's faith in God was so steadfast that Jesus called Peter 'the rock'--the unwavering disciple on whose shoulders Jesus would build his church."  Unwavering?  When push came to shove, Peter denied three times that he even knew Jesus.  (John 18:15-18, 25-27; 21:15-19) Hardly unwavering.<br/><br/>In sum, Dan Brown doesn't seem to know much about religion, yet the overarching claim and theme of this novel is that there is a war between science and religion.  Not so.  There is no conflict between true science and true religion.  There is a conflict between science and superstition, and there is a conflict between the philosophy of naturalism (also called scientific materialism) and true religion.  But these nuances are lost on Brown; he seems sure only that science is good and religion is bad.  But, Dan, the devil is in the details, many of which you've gotten wrong.
 I enjoyed the Da Vinci Code immensely and went into this novel expecting a similarly riveting read.  I didn't get it. This was interesting, but when I find myself skimming a book I can't bring myself to give it more than three starts.  Boring is boring, and this book is boring.  There is a good 400 page novel hiding here, but those extra 150 pages are doozies.<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons reads like a sort of 'testing ground' for Da Vinci, and while many of the parts that made Da Vinci a thrill ride are present in Angels, the parts don't work cohesively to give the same thrill. There is way too much detail given here about Vatican history and way too much time is spent dwelling on protagonist Robert Langdon's thought processes regarding artwork.  I found myself skimming pages at a time in order to get to the next important detail.  If I wanted an Art History lesson I would've taken a course in college about it!  Also, by the time the main villain was unveiled there wasn't much suspense as to the villain's identity.
 I'm not giving this book one star because it has NO redeemable qualities.  In fact, for 3/4 of the book I was totally won over and could not wait to whip the credit card out to purchase the Da Vinci Code.  I'm glad I waited until I had completed the book though.<br/>My profound disappointment in the ending is what drives me to one star.  Unfair probably, but I could not believe that a plot that had me hook, line and sinker could totally unravel at the end.  It seems that many books, movies, tv shows today try and "get" you with the surprise twist ending.  This generation is too savvy for that now.  All one needs to do to figure out "whodunit" is look for the most unlikey character, besides the hero, and there is your bad guy.  Angels &amp; Demons does the same thing.  Worse, as brilliant as some of the writing, plot and characterization is in the first 3/4s, it's almost like reading a totally different book in the end.  How many "Luke I am your father" moments can I have in one lifetime?  The ending is too spastic, too contrived and too superficial for a book that prided itself on making you read between the lines at first.<br/>Finally, this book is a cliched mess.  Now maybe real life Harvard professors of religion iconography are also J.Crew models, but would it be too much to ask for Langdon to be less than handsome. . .maybe even a little socially awkward.  We already have Indiana Jones, and he did it way better than this.  Sorry Mr. Brown, you write one heck of a premise, it's your endings that need a lot of work.
 Dan Brown heaves everything at you in this book. It's a suspenseful page-turner that twists and turns as wildly as any roller-coaster. Wow! What a ride! How he pulls it off is incredible.<br/><br/>  I believed all of it -- CERN, antimatter, the Illuminati's vendetta against the Catholic Church, the sluething ability of a Harvard symbologist, the bright but sensuous scientist (Vetra) who assists and falls in love with Langdon (the symbologist), super super-sonic air travel, the malicious plot of the Pope's assistant, the grandiose notions of The Vatican -- yes, I believed it all.<br/><br/>  Besides the sheer excitement, the book illuminates and informs in so many ways that space here is simply insufficient. It just isn't possible to do justice in any summary of this book. It is well researched, planned, and plotted ... and well written.  Yes, some incidents stretch the believable, but isn't that what a work of fiction has the license to do?  As long as we can suspend our disbelief (and I was able to), we are in for quite a ride, watching Langdon unravel the clues that lead to the deadly antimatter, just in time.<br/><br/>  As thrillers go, this is a fine achievement. Brown takes the genre to a new level, in my assessment. How can anyone do any better than this?
 World renowned Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to a Swiss research facility to analyze a cryptic symbol seared into the chest of a murdered scientist.  What he discovers is unimaginable; a deadly vendetta against the Catholic Church by a centuries-old underground organization--the Illuminati.<br/><br/>Desperate to save the Vatican from a powerful time bomb, Langdon joins forces in Rome with the beautiful and mysterious scientist Vittoria Vetra.  Together they embark on a frantic hunt through sealed crypts, dangerous catacombs, deserted cathedrals, and the most secretive vault on earth........the long-forgotten Illuminati lair!<br/>That is just the beginning...........I guarantee that this book, from first page until last, will trap your attention and hold it hostage.  It is a riveting adventure that will keep you awake, desperate to find out what happens next.  I strongly recommend this book!  After all you owe it to yourself! HAVE FUN!
 As a history buff, I always enjoy seeing historical elements brought into present day stories.  So when I read the book synopsis (and having read Da Vinci Code before), I was definitely excited to read this book.<br/><br/>Brown does a great job of connecting the historical churches and sites with the Illuminati plot.  The suspense builds as soon as Langdon gets to Rome, and doesn't let up throughout.<br/><br/>My problem with the book was with the camerlengo character.  Without giving anything away, his connection with the plot was not entirely plausible.  But fortunately, Brown does a good job of having Langdon pursue the false trails until he picks up the true trail.  I really love the sense of history that Brown brings into his books.  Unlike the movie, I do recommend the book.
 An amazing book by the author of the Da Vinci code. It shares certain similarities with the Da Vinci code: a prominent person gets murdered which prompts a phone call to Robert Langdon, who investigates it along with a woman who's related to the deceased, and together they get immersed in a sinister world of religion, anti-religion, murder, intrigue, and the like.<br/>The big difference between the two books is that Angels and Demons centers on the age old debate between religion and science and whether they are compatible.<br/>Like the Da Vinci code, I read this book in one night. Brilliant!<br/>I have only two minor quibbles:<br/>1) the physics information got a little heavy at times. I found myself skipping over a couple of pages when Kohler and Vittoria were talking about physics and anti-matter<br/>2) a couple of things went on too long and were too abstract for me to wrap my brain around, such as the camarlengo's televised address to the world about science and religion. It definitely showed that Dan Brown has an incredible grasp on the complexities of the religion vs. science debate, but I found that scene a tad hokey.<br/>Besides those two little things, this book is superb! Read it!
 Not necessarily between angels and demons, but this book and Brown's The Da Vinci Code both effectively bridge the gap between readers of fiction and readers of non-fiction.  This is not an easy task.  My suspense thriller, EVIL, BE GONE (also available on Amazon.com) has been paired with a couple of Dan Brown's books on this site and although lovers of fiction have gobbled it up, I haven't been able to convince my closest friends who are exclusively non-fiction readers to even pick it up.  On the other hand, Dan Brown puts so much historical fact in his novels that even the most die-hard non-fiction readers can enjoy them without feeling guilty.  As an author, he demonstrates an incredible commitment to thorough research.  I applaud him and I will keep reading his books.  You should, too!  Robert John Estko (Author of the suspense thriller, EVIL, BE GONE)
 It's always a rare treat to find a book that just completely captivates you on page one, and doesn't lose it's grip for a second. "Angels &amp; Demons" is one of those books. Dan Brown brings these unforgettable characters to life, and you find yourself traveling down those long dark hallways, and rushing around Vatican City, right along with them. It's a huge compliment (in my mind) when a book plays out like a vast movie inside my head. Where every last detail is brought to life for me. and Brown's style of writing...incredibly detailed and focused, is perfect for a story of this scale. While some may say that his attention to detail might slow the pace down, i found it to be one of the things i loved most about this book. He explains things in a way that makes you understand the thought process of each character. It's incredibly difficult to pull off a book that takes place over less then a 24 hr period, and do so over 500+ pages. But Dan Brown not only does it, and does it well...but leaves the reader wishing there was more...wanting the story to continue. Here's to many more adventures with Robert Langdon. I for one, will be along for the ride.
 I purchased this book as a download for my Palm PDA. Never reading any of Dan Brown's books before, I must say I really enjoyed reading his tale.  Being a believer in Christ, I wasn't offended (unlike some other readers/reviewers).  I took it as a book about human beliefs and the age-old feeling that "my beliefs are better than yours - your wrong, I'm right!" type attitude.  Very interesting. I enjoyed the plot twists, especially towards the end when you find out a key piece about the Camerlengo - my mouth dropped when it was revealed about his relationship with the Pope. I didn't see that coming!<br/>Remember folks, this is fiction - don't take everything as fact. It might actually inspire you to examine your own beliefs and do some research on history yourself.<br/>Overall, a really fun, page-turning book that I couldn't put down. I'd recommend it.  I look forward to reading Dan Brown's newest book, The Da Vinci Code.
 This is an entertaining book, but Dan Brown really invites criticism by claiming all of the so-called facts are true.<br/><br/>He really needs to check his geography of Rome. The map (in the paperback) edition isn't correct as Sant' Agnese in Agone is on the other side of Piazza Navona. The map has it on the wrong side of the Fontana dei Quattro Fuimi. tsk, tsk.<br/><br/>Second of all, the only times I've known Piazza Navona to be "deserted" as he claims it is in the story is really early in the morning. But at the time the Langdon is there, it should be hopping and crawling with people and stays that way well into the night.<br/><br/>Third of all, even if he were to climb to the base of the obelisk on the fountain, there's no way he could see all of Rome, as the churches and buildings on the perimeter of the piazza are much higher. uh-uh.<br/><br/>Oh, and the West Potente marker--how did he know which one? there are relief markers surrounding the obelisk in the center of Piazza San Pietro with all directions on them. Interestingly enough, he doesn't mention the others.<br/><br/>And I'm not sure where Brown discovered that the Theresa in Ecstasy statue was moved from the Vatican to the Chiesa Santa Maria della Vittoria, since Bernini was hired to design the entire chapel, including the "audience" members to the left and right of Theresa, who were in fact the patrons. Brown fails to mention these statues of Bernini's as well.<br/><br/>I realize that I'm really nitpicking, but these were not hard facts to overlook.<br/><br/>On the whole, it was a fast, mildly-entertaining book, but its a little annoying that his books are so popular since they are essential carbon copies of one another.<br/><br/>Oh well, it was fun, but do NOT take it seriously.<br/><br/>for a better read, try "The Rule of Four" or "The Secret History"
 I first read the Da Vinci code which I absolutely loved.  I had also read the Holy Blood and the Holy Grail by Baigent et al and in the mid 80s and was already a believer in the "blessed secret" of the Knights Templar.  Dan Brown then weaved a fantastic thriller based on the thesis of that book in the Da Vinci code.<br/>Therefore I eagerly bought Angels and Devils when I saw it in the book stores over christmas thinking that this would be even better. It is NOT.  The start of the book is disappointing - Dan Brown is a great writer when he is in the realm of history, architecture and religion.  However I found his writing on science (the first 100 pages or so) to be woefully inadequate and far fetched ie creation of sustainable and significant quantities of anti matter, planes that fly at Mach 15 etc etc.<br/>The dialog between characters is also stilted and immature (I think this is his first book and it shows).  Anyway he hits his stride when we leave CERN and enter the Vatican and the book ends up being quite a good read - the double twist at the end is exciting.<br/>The other big negative is the Arab "Hassasin" is kept in mystery throughout and also a bit typecast (dark, brooding, muttering in Arabic).  The Hassasins were traditionally Shia Muslims in the middle ages who specialized in assasinations (Middle Eastern Ninjas if you may).  I think he should have provided some more background of the villain.  Overall I would recommend buying the book but lower your expectations if youve read the Da Vinci code.
 I read Dan Brown's THE DA VINCI CODE before reading ANGELS AND DEMONS as I'm sure is the case with many people.  However, I feel that if I had read this less popular novel first, I may have enjoyed it more.<br/><br/>I agree with some of the other reviews that Brown's formula for these novels never changes.  In addition, I almost feel like he threw the end because he got tired of what he was doing.  Some of these problems may stem from the fact that it was his first novel of this type and he wasn't sure where to go.  I feel that by the time he got around to writing DA VINCI, he was more comfortable with how to mesh the suspense and "history" in a novel of this kind.<br/><br/>If I had read this first, I would not have been familiar with the brilliant writing that I experienced while reading THE DA VINCI CODE.  Subsequently, I may not have been as disappointed in ANGELS AND DEMONS.<br/><br/>This was still a good novel, but I certainly would not recommend it as my top choice for a weekend read.
 Let me first say: Angels &amp; Demons is an entertaining book. The story will keep the average reader engaged--and that's the reason for its immense popularity.<br/><br/>However, it's just not that well written. I read the DaVinci Code before Angels &amp; Demons (admittedly) and remembered thinking at the time that it was a "beach read for the 'intellectual' set." Angels &amp; Demons is no exception--it's a page-turner, although the material is nothing new, and is decidedly "light".<br/><br/>A few thoughts:<br/><br/>1. The actual prose is awkward and choppy. Phrases like "a fond love for" shouldn't show up in a published work of such caliber. Dialogue is lazy, and feels like it was written for a screenplay (hmm.... then again, perhaps it was).<br/><br/>2. Deus Ex Machina--God in the Machine. Yes, this book has religion. Yes, it talks about God. However, plot devices and plot logic should not rely on acts of God. There are jumps in logic here that would rival the Grand Canyon. Entertaining, yes. Conceivable, logical and possible? Not always.<br/><br/>3. Ah, the female character--Vittoria Vetra. You know, I hope that when my father figure dies (sorry, it's revealed in the first pages of the book anyway) I'll feel like hopping in bed with a man and flirting as normal after 24 hours (and a few obligatory moments of pained reflection). Of course in any semi-clichéd detective story the guy always has to get the girl, doesn't he?<br/><br/>4. Predictability. Perhaps a reason that this book is so popular is that it always keeps you one (or two, three, or four) steps ahead of the protagonist. Knowing what's going to happen before the author reveals it has a tendency to give one a feeling of smug self-satisfaction. That is, unless the book never ceases to let you know what is going to happen FAR before the protagonists figure it out. I got tired of always knowing what was coming next.<br/><br/>5. Forgettable. A smattering of theories and an average thriller-like plot line does not a good book make. I LIKED this book in a guilty sort of way, I really did. However, it's just not that good. Another reviewer mentioned that it felt like a recycled version of the DaVinci Code--and it does (right down to the unlikely "bad guy", the fanatical assassin, the paltry feminine sidekicks, and the glorification of the main character).
 I picked up this book after several of my Books A Million coworkers pleaded with me to give it a chance. I had no reservations after hearing all the rave reviews since the book's inception in 2000 and the smashing success of it's follow up "The Davinci Code."<br/><br/>Now, this book has a lot of good things to offer. The background is interesting, the plot is laced with action, and this is definitely a page turner. However, the characters are fairly hollow, even the protagonist, who is rushing to save the Vatican. You would think that Dan Brown would make an effort to bring him to life, but the book, as I said is ALL action. In that respect, the book certainly lives up to it's function.<br/><br/>My main hang up with the book is the writing style. Simply put, it's bland and predictable. Designed for a quick read, it leaves the reader wanting more from Brown. The sentence structure is horrid, and I often times wished he would at least ATTEMPT to put together something more complex. If it makes any sense, this book was TOO easy to read. There may have been 10 adjectives in the entire book!<br/><br/>Bottom line, if you are looking for a fast fun read without a ton of substance or character development with lots of action, this is a great bet. Religious zealots need to understand also that this book is a work of fiction.
 Good and evil, in the guises of the Catholic Church and science, face off against each other in this full-on action thriller. At times it's difficult to figure out who is working for the dark side and who is on the side of light. And this confusion is all thanks to the clever plot twists and cliff-hanger chapter endings. To give names to the opposing sides, we have the Vatican on one side and the Illuminati on the other.<br/>The scene is set with the murder of a brilliant scientist who was branded on his chest with a unique marking. This is followed closely by the news that a bomb (the invention of the murdered scientist) sits somewhere in Vatican City and is set to detonate at midnight, some 12 hours hence. To top off the predicament, the Pope has recently died and the Cardinals are about to enter conclave, but 4 of their number have been kidnapped with the threat that they will be killed, 1 every hour at various spots around Rome. As far as tension-packed scenarios go, this one's a doozy.<br/>Caught in the crossfire and somehow charge with the task of averting disaster is Robert Langdon, a religious symbologist who is led on a treasure hunt type chase around Rome. It really is thrill-a-minute stuff mixing historical fact with present-day improbability creating a tremendously exciting story.
 Perhaps it's unfair to compare this novel to DaVinci Code, but I must. This was Dan Brown's first Robert Langdon novel, and while I thoroughly enjoyed the book, I will admit, it was not as good as the DaVinci Code. This is only because of the subject matter, however: the book is still written in Brown's engaging, well-researched style, filled with fascinating tidbits of information regarding the Catholic Church, the scientific community, and Rome itself. I think the major drawback for this book is that, while the DaVinci Code takes place within the context of famous works of art (something that draws in a large, general audience), Angels and Demons deals with physics, and can at times be bogged down with jargon. If I'd read this one BEFORE I read DaVinci Code, I might not have had the patience to see it through, but I'm glad I did. It is an excellent novel, and certainly worth purchasing in paperback form.  I look forward with great expectations to Dan Brown's next Robert Langdon novel.
 I enjoyed "The DaVinci Code". When I first got "Angels and Demons" this past Christmas, I felt I would enjoy this book as much as the other.<br/><br/>Initially, I was wrong. Like so many others have complained, I was turned off by the CERN plane that flew so damned fast. And anti-matter?!?!?!? If I wanted SciFi, I would have broken out one of my cherished Asimov books...<br/><br/>So, I went the first 150 pages, then put the book down. Eventually, I picked it up again to give it a another chance. I am glad I did. Ignoring the SciFi, and immersing myself in the detective plot of the story, I was engrossed.<br/><br/>Whether or not Dan Brown's plot devices are based on fact is irrelevent. While featuring real places, art, architecture, and heck, the Vatican(!) this is a fictional book. The twists and turns and plot devices and 'gotchas' he gives the reader in this book are well worth the read. Just because the Catholic church takes a punch in the nose because of what Brown presents, that doesn't make this thrill ride any less entertaining.<br/><br/>bottom line- once I decided to take this thing on as a tale, I PLOWED through it, enjoying every minute I spent trying to figure out what would happen next. Sometimes I was correct, sometimes I was dead wrong. What more could you ask from a good story?
 Angels &amp; Demons was one of the most exciting books I've ever read.  It doesn't necessarily make it the *best* book I've ever read; however, it is VERY enjoyable.  I do not want to spoil anything (and I won't); however, I found quite a few things to be very predictable and I despised the ending.  Therefore, I find the plot a little thin, if not invigorating.<br/><br/>It's very odd that I can punch a bunch of holes in the plot, yet still thoroughly enjoy it.  If it weren't so exciting, I would've definitely given it a 2 on predictability and pandering (you'll see what I mean) alone.<br/><br/>The thing Dan Brown has a glorious knack for is creating puzzles partially based on factual history and places.  It's not FACT, but his puzzles make life and history a little more exciting and fills you with wonder over what real secrets are hidden in our history.  THAT'S the best thing about Dan Brown in my opinion.  I will continue reading his novels if he continues to create those very interesting enigmatic historical puzzles.<br/><br/>Regardless of the plot holes, I whole-heartedly recommend this book, but it's NOT perfect and it's not "high literature" whatsoever.  It's fun and a definite page-turner.  Those who say it's worthless are being a little too elitist for their own good.  :)
 Since the 50's (bad ol' times of the cold war), the thriller fiction category has been one of the most crowded in the book publishing market - I don't think there's a need to give a list of the authors' names. Action, espionage, techno-thrillers, science-thrillers, etc. etc. etc., mostly all with the KGB and the Soviets as the unmitigated villains. MOre or less well plotted and written, but still palatable reading in those days. The all-out rivalry between the USA and the USSR does not now exist anymore (or at least, that's what they tell us, even though there's some element to the contrary), so the turn came for the introduction of new types of heroes and of baddies, such as in this book where the former is an American university professor in symbology, and the latter an ultra-secret, deeply rooted, well hidden, association or brotherhood, the "Illuminati" (the "Enlightened") (with immense powers, ruthlessly exerted, a total beef against the catholic church, and the usual program of world domination). This has been just another twist of the kaleidoscope tube. The writing is artificial, pompous, plethoric, redundant. I put the book down after reading the first 15-20 pages and, 5 minutes later, I was online with Amazon.com, cancelling my standing order for another one ("Digital Fortress") by the same author. Don't waste your money on him.
 Dan Brown has created the ultimate thrill ride with Angels &amp; Demons.  After buying this book and only spending a few moments with it, I told a friend that I had just read the most exciting 27 pages I could remember, and that if the rest of the book was half as good as the beginning, I hadn't wasted my money.<br/>  Once I had finished the book, I went looking for other Dan Brown titles, knowing that I was unlikely to be disappointed with anything else he'd written.<br/>  Angels &amp; Demons forces the reader to ask some very interesting questions.  Did the Illuminati exist?  If they did, what was their effect on Western Civilization?  Do they still exist, and are they a danger?  One hopes, of course, that they have always been mythical, but there are those lingering doubts.<br/>  Filled with interesting, complex charactes and wonderfuly exotic locales - even if they are in places we think we know - Angels &amp; Demons delivers the goods.  A fun and exciting read all the way through.
 Dan Brown was once an author.  He/it is now a writing factory churning out novel after novel with LOTS of money thrown at HUGE marketing campaigns, guest appearances on television, nationwide tours...but precious little to show for it.  The DAVINCI CODE took an incredible idea, started like gangbusters then the story veered from interesting to improbable to hokey.  It fell under the weight of its incoherent mass. To make matters worse, Brown, in real life, is now going around claiming that the book was based on "real" research and hinted that the absurdities in the story could be true.<br/>It's Angels &amp; Demons (since it seems that novels referring to religion sell well) with worse plotting and even worse characters.  The plot is complicated though not complex - it is only Brown's inclusions of illogical and unprobable events that make the thing seem more a jumble than a race.  Then there's the awful portrayal of the people who are about as real as the wooden Indian at the barbershop.  They are as predictable as they are flat - they do things that don't really make sense and say things that happen to fit into the plot somewhat but where is the growth or change or transformation?<br/>Other readers have noted the poor editing that is on display throughout the book. (I just had a horrible thought - what if it HAD actually been edited and this was the result?) Just because you appear on talk shows and sell millions of books does not mean a fact checker, linguist, and grammar expert are not required.  This is just pitiful.
 Once in a great while, a book comes along that will blow your mind. This book for me was one of them. Dan Brown's writing style is fantastic, his story and intrigue are so well laid out that it had me guessing till the very end.<br/>The premise alone was interesting, to solve the riddle of the Illuminati, an ancient order founded to destroy the catholic Church. Our heroes must find a ticking time bomb somewhere under the Vatican, as well as four kidnapped Cardinals slated to be elected Pope before they are killed. I loved how at any given moment there was a mystery or a puzzle that needed to be solved; always building up the tension and making you want to read on to see what will happen next. THIS IS GOOD WRITING. (Unlike my writing, LOL.) I don't know how many times I can repeat it, it was great!!!. If you want to read a fast passed, edge of your seat thriller, with an Indiana Jones esc feel, then this is the novel for you. Don't Delay.
 Having enjoyed the intricate plot of DaVinci Code, I followed it with it's predecessor, Angels and Demons, and rather enjoyed it.<br/><br/>Dan Brown details Rome and Vatican City and Catholicism with exhausting detail. Assuming it's correct, it's quite exceptional. His views on the church are not favorable, most would agree. But Dan Brown shares those views not through boring documentary but rather intriguing story. One can't help but nod their head at some of the possible travesties the church has committed in search of power and politics. If presented in the forum of non-fiction, one would consider him a conspiracy-theory wacko, but in the form of a wonderful, twisting story... well, it's just a story, right? But it could happen.<br/><br/>That said, it is another deceitful tale with many turns. I didn't see the ending and I like that. The book is long and, quite often, I was speed-reading through detail without losing track of the story. His narrative, like DaVinci Code, can sometimes be long and patronizing since it tells the reader what is happening (and that's why it didn't translate to a great movie), but there were moments when the dialog was captivating and I read it slowly, seeing characters acting out the scene in my head, especially at the end. The scenes were often detailed nicely and I found myself appreciating Rome and longing to see some of the sites he detailed.<br/><br/>If you're a skeptic, you'll enjoy this book. If you're devout Catholic, probably not.
 I was thoroughly enjoying this book, really I couldn't put it down, until chapter 125, page 633. Once I finished reading this page and the next I was about to throw the book into the trash. I won't spoil it but it seems to me Dan Brown rushed through this part, creating a totally ridiculous event that defies logic and reason. I returned to the book 2 weeks later to finish, which I did last night, but the awe and thrill I felt until chapter 125 was gone. I read the remainder of the story which was just as incredulous as page 633 and on. I cannot describe my disappointment in how this book ended. Maybe Dan was struggling to make a deadline? Did he have a vacation planned and wanted to finish this beforehand? Did he die and the book was finished by a college kid?  I guess 77 bad pages out of 710 isn't all that terrible in an otherwise excellent tale. I just wish they'd been somewhere in the middle of the book rather than at the end.  Caveat emptor!
 Dan Brown's 'Angels &amp; Demons' is a fast paced, eclectic suspense/thriller. His cast of characters include a Harvard symbology professor, a couple of brilliant scientists from C.E.R.N., the head of the Vatican's Swiss Guard, the dead Pope's chamberlain, and the famed anti-Christian cult of the Illuminati. He intertwines space-age technology with ancient catholic rituals without skipping a beat.<br/>I decided to read this book after reading other reviews from Amazon.com. One reviewer stated something like "move over Umberto Eco." Well, not quite. Brown does not write in the same erudite, literary fashion as Eco, but he does create a very enthralling page-turner. Other reviewers said it was too unbelievable. Well, it does require you to suspend disbelief, but it is fiction after all. I will not go into the details of the plot, as other reviews have already covered it, but I will say that 'Angels &amp; Demons' reminds me of Michael Crichton's 'Timeline' in that the plot is pushed forward, at a dizzying pace, by a deadline.<br/>This book will grab you, and it might not let go. When you reach the heart of the book, the short, crisp chapters - there are over 100 - will keep you reading, because each one ends with a little teaser. I kept telling myself "One more small chapter." The problem was, I said it after every chapter, until I was finally done at six in the morning.<br/>Read this book. Now.
 Unlike Dan Brown's ANGELS &amp; DEMONS, this note will be short.  The suspense will kill you if you can finish the book.  In maintaining this suspense he must tear the characters and the Pope to shreds.  Believability, credibility and suspension of disbelief  are all sacrificed at the altar of suspense.  With the dead Cardinals it was also a classic who dies next story?  The characters change, chameleon like, as the writer whispers in their ears.  Onetime cowards grow spines, etc. etc.  Still, like Stephen King using horror, Brown is a master at using the verbal bricks and mortar to build his precious suspense.  All is nicely concocted and diagrammed from beginning to end.  Puppet readers addicted to the dope of suspense may worship this story --  those who are clean may hate it.
 I read this book, finally, a year after reading the DaVinci Code, and seeing the movie. This is another great pageturner. Very exciting!<br/><br/>The subject matter again is controversial,but thought provoking, which<br/><br/>I can still say even as a devout Catholic. No doubt some people will be insulted by the book. To grill the Church about science and "secrecy"<br/><br/>about everything from Galileo to Artificial insemination and celebacy seems cliched in our tabloid jornalistic times. If you can set that aside<br/><br/>there is aa good thriller here.<br/><br/>  My only "beef", and the reason for "four stars" is that once again<br/><br/>Dan seems to have a hard time with "endings". At any time toward the last chapters the book could have ended, but just when you think its over...<br/><br/>I like Robert Langdon. I wish however, I'd read this before Davinci.<br/><br/>We learn a lot more about Langdon here than there. A small price to pay for a good read. I can't wait for  the film, though both books read like screenplays.
 If you are  a devout, never-could-the-Catholic-Church-do-wrong, firm-believer-of-the-Vatican-always-being-right parishioner who misses the Latin masses, don't read this book.  Why? One simple answer is that this book involves a child of the Pope -- whose mother was a nun!!!<br/><br/>If you are a lover of Dan Brown's "Da Vinci Code" and hope this meets the other book's escapades, you will be slightly disappointed.  This novel is neither as well written nor as well scripted.<br/><br/>This book involves a smart professorial type who becomes beholden to a young beautiful woman while they jointly trollop across Italy in search of the mystery which gnaws at the bones of the Vatican. Sounds familiar?<br/><br/>And, the professor becomes engaged in "Raiders of the Lost Ark" exploits while attempting to solve the puzzle. Sounds familiar?<br/><br/>And, the bad guys lose in the end, and good conquers all.  And, believe me, good is not necessarily the side on which the Catholic Church lies. To the credit of the Catholic Church, it is not exclusively identified on the bad side. Sounds familiar?<br/><br/>Consider this a warming up document for Brown's best selling Da Vinci Code. If you open this book with lower expectations, you will love it.  If you pull the pages awaiting an equal to his masterpiece, you will be disappointed.  Be sure to commence with the right expectation -- or suffer the consequences.
 I read this book after the Da Vinci Code, which I read after curiosity and hype got the better than me.  If you have read other reviews, you know too much of the story because other reviewers haven't heard of spoiler warnings.<br/>I enjoyed this book more than Da Vinci Code, which IMO became too tutorial.  Angels and Demons take place over one night, and keeps the adventure moving at a brisk pace.  Mr. Brown uses his academic knowledge to pull together another intriguing plot, even if some of the action is implausible.<br/>Mr. Brown may (or may not, who knows?) blur the lines of fact and fiction, or maybe he just strings together facts not well-known and thread them together into an entertaining tale.<br/>If you like your mysteries to stay on the ground, and play by the rules, I would imagine you should start searching for Harlen Corbin novels.  If you can enjoy your mysteries with a heavy dose of adventure, this makes a great summer read.
 I agree with most of the reviewers that this book is quick and often enjoyable read.  It's not often that you come across a book that is bold enough to include informations on Renaissance art, history of the papacy and quantum physics.  It was fun following the protagonist, Robert Langdon, around while he painstakingly sifted through clues to track down a deadly killer.<br/>That being said, I have to say Mr. Brown's books are a one-trick pony.  I have previously read his "Digital Fortress". which has an interesting setup and plenty of plot twists.  Two pages into "Angels and Demons", I already saw the same type of protoganist from "Digital Fortress".  Even their physiques and ways of griping were almost identical!  The interactions between characters were more for the sake of the plot than for genuine emotional or intellectual exchange.  When Mr. Brown wanted to hammer in a point about science, religion or philosophy, he will have one of the characters fall into a multi-page solilooquy, regardless of whether it was an appropriate time or place for lengthy pondering (such as, only forty minutes before the megabomb explodes).<br/>In addition, I was disturbed by the two-dimensional stereotypes in which he casted his characters:  the heartless and tunnel-visioned academic, the clueless clerics, the sadistic, misogynistic and racist villain whose personality and ethnic background could have been lifted straight up from a racial profiling program of the present government.  Also the supposed romance of Vittoria and Robert was developed in a little less than 24 hours.  By the end of the day, they were already ready to jump into bed together, despite the fact that one of them had gone through an extreme tragedy the day before and both of them had barely survived from murder attempts.  Are these the same highly educated, extremely intelligent and sensible characters that we saw in the book?  Writing in such shallow characters not only cheapens the novel, but also insults the intelligence of the reader (more on that later).<br/>I won't repeat other errors in the book which have been identified by other reviewers, but I want to talk about  Mr. Brown's view on some of the art pieces in the book.  He repeatedly called "The Ecstacy of St. Teresa" by Bernini as pornograph, which is both blase and untrue. This sculpture has been long considered one of the best and most beautiful works of the Baroque period.  Containing erotic undertone, yes.  Religious ecstacy, yes.  But pornograph??  If somebody has to explain to him the difference between pornograph and something slightly erotic (not even really qualifying for erotica), Mr. Brown either is deliberately intending to insult, or does not know enough about art to talk about it.<br/>All in all, I would recommend that you borrow the book or buy the paperback.  Hardback is definitely not worth it.
 After reading "The Da Vinci code" (and enjoying it very much, in fact), "Angels &amp; demons" was a natural follow-up, even if it was written before Dan Brown's most famous book. "The Da Vinci code" made its author very famous because it was controversial, but also because it was a very good work of fiction, fast-paced, with many interesting historical elements and questions that most people have asked themselves once in a while. But a work of fiction nonetheless.<br/><br/>"Angels &amp; demons" follows, roughly, the same path. Dan Brown has created a formula that has been proven a very successfull one. Robert Langdon is the protagonist. He is a quiet, intelligent, well-regarded symbologist. The reader is not entirely drawn to Mr. Langdon as a character, but is somewhat sympathetic to him (and that's enough for a protagonist in this kind of work). Then there's the religious mistery. This time it's not the Holy Grail, but the ancient cult of the Illuminati, a pagan, anti-catholic society that in the past counted names like Galileo and Bernini among its ranks. The new Illuminati were able to steal from CERN (a scientifical research facility in Switzerland) secrets of the new anti-matter technology, and threaten to simply pulverize Vatican City during its most important moment: the election of a new Pope. To prevent this, Langdon has to solve enigmas, find the Illuminati's hidden lair, always helped by beautiful Vittoria Vetra, a scientist from CERN.<br/><br/>So, there it is: fast-paced pursuits, murder, ancient misteries and secrets, leaps of faith, a beautiful woman and Robert Langdon. It's very similar to "The Da Vinci code", but not as good. Brown's achievement concerning these two books is that he has bettered his writing style and has improved his research in the latter one. The central themes of the two books are basically the same, but the important thing to remember is that they are works of FICTION. Are they believable? I don't know and I don't care. All I know is that I had a great time reading "Angels &amp; demons", as I had before reading "The Da Vinci code".<br/><br/>Parenthesis: (I know it's fiction, but that scene in the helicopter was just too unbelievable and I was amazed it passed through edition unscathed. Oh, well, let's give the author credit, as he improved a lot in the next book).<br/><br/>Grade 8.7/10
 To give Brown the credit he deserves, a lot of tourists in Rome will have fun checking out the locations and monuments he describes in the course of this book.  But I hope they don't try to follow the directions they supposedly encode, or they'll end up wandering in confused circles somewhere out in the suburbs of Rome.  Since Brown seems to know the city fairly well, let's give him the benefit of the doubt and assume it's poetic license, but he rotates several works of sculpture 180 degrees, puts the Church of Santa Maria della Vittoria on the wrong piazza, gives the piazza the wrong shape and puts the wrong fountain in it.  So by the time he asks us to believe that a man can survive a two mile fall from a helicopter without a parachute, it's not that much farther of a stretch.  By the time he gets to his colossal blooper about the Church's policy on artificial insemination, he's made so many ludicrous plot twists that you'll hardly care anymore.<br/>Brown does know how to create a suspenseful yarn, and to make you keep turning the page, even when you hate yourself for falling for such obvious gimmicks, like the cliff-hanger chapter ending, followed by change of scene in the next chapter.  Sometimes, the manipulations are more than just tacky, however, as when the heroine (white, need you ask) is in danger of being ravished by a swarthy Arab villain, who has the nerve to want to rape and kill her before the hero gets HIS rightful chance to take her to bed.
 I actually thought this book was pretty well written. I really liked the style and pace of Dan Brown's writing. The story starts off kind of hokey and boring,but gets very fast paced past page 100. The subject matter is pretty interesting, having seen the movie years ago. I really liked the book's more detailed explanation, and it wasn't as confusing as the movie. The whole Illuminati vs. Catholic Church battle is an interesting subject to write a novel on. Let alone a fast paced thriller, makes Dan Brown a pretty good author. My only gripe about the book is that it's pretty long and lengthy. It's a great novel,if you have alot of spare time.
 Dan Brown tells a good story.  He isn't the best writer in the world, in fact, his characters are one-dimensional and his situational descriptions are far too light.  However, the story is fun and entertaining.  After a slow start with a plot line that is scientific and technical, the story jumps over to the Vatican where the story really starts to take off.  I like how he portrays the battle between science and religion through the eyes of different characters.  The ending keeps you guessing with a variety of twists and turns.  Most of this book contains action sequences that are very far fetched and un-realistic.  However, that's entertainment.  If you have a few hours to kill on a rainy weekend, and want to travel to Italy for a fun adventure, read this book and you won't be disappointed.
 Robert Langdon, has a few passions. He likes swimming, art history and symbology, which he teaches at Harvard, and his Mickey Mouse watch... but not necesarily in that order.<br/><br/>That is until at a god forsaken hour very early in the morning, or very late at night, depending on your point of view, he gets a call...and a fax. But not any fax. The fax is the ambigram of something he has never seen, something he has admired and feared at once, since he first heard of them. He sees the ambigram of the Iluminati, an ancient order of scientists that are against everything the church stands for. This organization was something you didn't reckon with. However, they had been dead for a long long time... or have they?<br/><br/>Landong inmediately flies to the CERN labs where the Iluminati resurected in a grotesque sort of way. Now he must, as a symbologist, verify if the ambigran is real.<br/><br/>Soon the pace of the book picks up, as Langdon meets the attractive Vittoria, a CERN scientinst, and they beging a journey to save the church from the Illuminati, and the world from the antimatter, which is an element so unstable it explodes even when it comes to contact with air.<br/><br/>Brown is a masterful storyteller who grabs you from the get go and sucks you in the story. I was always on the verge of my seat, and my adrenaline kept pomping. I felt like I was with Langdon and Vittoria in Rome and  Vatican City, fighting an order that was almost invicible, yet very palpable. This book is filled with action and will not let you go until you're done turning the last page. I personally empathized tremendously with one of the characters and also felt betrayed. For me this book was like having my own movie inside my head.<br/><br/>The journey was fantastic and the historical points were tremendous.<br/><br/>Brown is definitely a master of his craft. Highly, highly recomend this book!
 I, like many others, read DaVinci Code before Angels and Demons.  In the end, I really enjoyed them both.  I found them to be remarkably similar, which isn't altogether bad.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the problem solving and adventures that take place in Angels and Demons.  Mysteries surrounding the Vatican and Vatican City are always interesting, but Mr. Brown shows us some new and interesting aspects of them both, and also Rome.<br/><br/>This book kept me turning the pages, which I loved.  In the end, though, I was a bit disappointed with the ending.  Not so keen on the 2 people who jump out of the helicopter 3 miles in the air and survive with no parachutes...that is too weird to fit in with the rest of the book.  I thought the ending was a bit contrived, but over all the book is great, and deserves a read.
 This is one of the best books I've read in years. An amazing, certainly controversial, thriller that pits the Illuminati against the Vatican and involves antimatter, science v. religon, and Robert Langdon, a very believable character. A canister of antimatter is stolen from CERN, the European science organization that, among other things, founded the internet. Dan Brown is called by CERN to recover it. Along the way, he encounters an unamed assassin working for the Illuminati. This assassin stole the canister and plans to destroy the Vatican with it. But first, he kidnaps four cardinals - the four Prefertiri, the ones most likely to become pope - and plans to murder them at a shrine of the four ancient elements (Earth, Wind, Fire and Water) as revenge for Vatican murders of Illuminatus hundreds of years ago. High points include the end; a battle between two characters; and the stirring speech the Pope's chamberlain gives about science and religion. A stunning read.
 In this novel, Dan Brown tries to weave a plot around science, religion, and the relationship between science and religion.  As both a scientist and a religious man, I can quite confidently say that the author understands none of these very well.  Or if he does understand them, he chooses to willfully misrepresent them.<br/><br/>In the early part of the novel, I was very much put off by (1) the totally bogus "science", (2) some misrepresentations or misunderstandings of Catholicism, and (3) lots of sweeping generalizations about antagonism between the church and science in general (and modernity in general), which in reality is a lot more nuanced than is presented here.  There's also a plot device involving art and art history, which I don't know much about, but if his knowledge of this is as superfluous as his understanding of science and religion, I'm guessing this will really annoy the art historians too.<br/><br/>That said, after being really annoyed by the first 100 pages or so (where he really plays up his ignorance of science and Catholicism), the book settles into a quick-paced page turner.  But then the last 80 pages or so takes a serious left turn into the preposterous.  I know, if I can believe in a magnetic containment device for antimatter, I shouldn't have much problem with the totally ridiculous plot twist that drives the conclusion of the novel.  At least it's a quick read, so I only wasted 5-6 hours of my life on this.
 While Catholics are furious by Da Vinci Code (and quite rightly) I am supprised there were not equal levels of complaints from Muslim with regards to this book. The Ismaili 'assassin' (believe me I am not spoiling the plot, there isn't much of one to spoil)is like something out of a pantomime.<br/><br/>The Syrian Ismailis (who I assume Dan Brown is talking about as the other major Ismaili group lives in India and follow the Aga Khan and I would assume don't speak Arabic as a first language (thats called geography Mr Brown. Arabs, Persians and Indians speak different languages and have different cultures))are not sitting in mountain retreats somewhere practicing the deadly art or murder for hire or anything else this is something of a stereotype that died out not long after the crusades (considering Dan Brown claims to thoroughly research all his books you would have thought he would be aware of that fact)and to revive a stereotype that died out over 800 years ago is offensive not just to the Ismaili faith (of which I am not) but also to anyone with an ounce of intelligence.<br/><br/>It seems Dan Browns books are written with the intention of them being made into a film (seeing as the reader is asked to suspend all sense of reality, logic, history, geography and intelligence to read his books)as the plot moves along so quickly as to avoid the reader thinking too much as to the actual point of the previous scene (something like when you go to watch a horror film with your popcorn and drink you have no need to ask or even think why the character goes into a dark room and doesn't bother to turn on the lights the idea is to be entertained for 1 and a half hours and nothing more)<br/><br/>The fact however, that Dan Brown brings history, religion and science into his books (I assume in an attempt to make them more believable) makes them entirely different. Dan Browns main character (Langdon) has this irritating condenscending habbit of speaking to people in the style of a school teacher giving lesson to a class of five year olds while his 'intelligent but 'female' therefore highly attractive and less of an equal' side kick (as the book would have it) gasps and 'wow's' like something out of a comic book at his pearls of historical wisdom. I mean come on, this woman is supposed to be a scientist yet she oohhs and aahhhs at this drivel comming from a history teacher. You read the novel thinking to yourself (at what point is this woman going to punch this guy?)<br/><br/>This is the main problem with the book, it's entertainment value is lost by badly researched history (the Ismaili assassin is just one example) and a condenscending main character (did Dan Brown seriously think when he wrote this book that it would not create offense?)<br/><br/>This book would have been a whole lot better had it avoided religion and history entirely, thus avoided offense and avoided the above mentioned blunders.<br/><br/>(It probably would have been a whole lot more entertaining as well)
 I just returned from a cruise and promised myself that, at the suggestion of another writer, I would read this. "Better than the DaVinci Code," she said. I think not...nor would I tout "Code" as the gold standard against which I would judge a good thriller.<br/><br/>Brown engages me first with a joyride in a space plane touching on sci-fi, a bizarre murder in an unlikely place and physics. From that point on, science metamorphoses into obscure pseudohistory, detailed descriptions of Rome and symbolism that would have Jung bite the tip off his pipe.<br/><br/>Page after page, Brown lures and teases with a little science here, some technology there, an ancient mysterious brotherhood, the secrets of the Catholic church and on and on. Despite his camouflage, I spotted the antagonist--or villain if you prefer--soon after we encounter him.<br/>But Brown leaves me hungry; not for the ticking clock of destruction or convoluted intellectual ramblings. Where are the depths and dimensions of the characters?<br/><br/>Langdon is a bland intellectual whose primal urges are hidden somewhere under his Harris tweed. He seems almost not to take notice of his lovely, vivacious, assertive and (implied) sensual partner. There is no explicit sexual tension until near the end and one is left to feel that she would be the dominatrix anyway.<br/><br/>The writing and suspense carried me through most of the book. Admittedly, it was a page-turner until 3/4 of the way through. But the climax (no pun intended to the absent sexuality) was page-after-page of seemingly unending exposures of dark secrets and illuminations--or should I say Illuminati?--of unbelievable revelations that angered me and challenged my intelligence. Much as he had used intellect to lay the groundwork for the story and carry it through, Brown then drops my gray matter off St. Peter's basilica where it sploshes into globs of disbelief.<br/><br/>The incredulity of the last 100 pages read as if written by someone with his editor, cattle prod in hand behind him, urging him to end the story. The presses are standing by! It felt like a rush to publish, Scotch-taping a score of incredible coincidences, congeries and secrets that resulted in my slamming the book closed, feeling seduced and tossed aside.
 This is the funniest book I read in a while. A very clever spoof of conspiracy theories littered with worn out symbols: Einstein; Galileo; secret technology; a dead scientist who - of course - has a beautiful, unattached, daughter; the Masons; and the pyramid on the one-dollar bill. Missing were Cagliostro, the twelve keys of Philosophy, the homunculus, the cubic stone of Ezod, the mandragore; the Aztec aliens; and the pyramid of the State seal of Colorado. But Dan Brown will surely use them in his next book. Add a laughable hero who is always last to figure out the clue, a symbologist from Haaaarvaaard who specializes in cryptic Italian symbols and yet couldn't order a bowl of spaghetti to save his life, sprinkle a few miss happened words in "pizzeria grade" Italian, and you get a book that will keep you ROTFL.<br/><br/>It is masterfully written in a style that I shall call "cheerleader/newscast".<br/><br/>a) Cheerleader: to fully appreciate the dialogs, read them aloud in your best "high school reunion" voice. For effect, Dan Brown repeated each comment about a zillion times:|" It the pyramid, it can't be, but it is, no way, way, geeesh..." If a particular clue was really obvious, Brown added extra emphasis: "Oh my god, it's the obelisk, the obelisk? Nooo, yeees, not the obelisk, you mean THE obelisk? Yes, that obelisk, I can't believe it, it's the obelisk...."<br/><br/>b) Newscast: you know these annoying "cliffhangers" during the news on TV: for most of the newscast and before each commercial break they show the same two second footage while saying "When we come back..., stay tuned...., coming up..."? Brown cleverly used the same approach for his own cliffhangers. And to make the parody complete, he made sure they were dead obvious: after twenty pages of "that CERN! no, not the CERN? You mean: THE CERN? oh my god: it is the CERN", we read that a mysterious canister was found with four initials on its side. Hum, let me think...could that be the CERN?<br/><br/>Like in any good parody, you get plenty of nonsensical situations: The Italians speak a strangely accented Italian with a grammar to make Dante spin in his tomb. The daughter calls out to her father by shouting: "the Pope, the Pope". The Swiss German Guards have Italian names but speak French (at least it looks like French). They fly helicopters while dressed in their 500-year-old uniforms, complete with halberds. The underground CERN develops high-speed planes. The Swiss guards are quick to call up the CERN scientists for help, but as soon as they arrive, the guards tell them that they have no business to be in Rome. The 500-year-old ultra super duper secret Illuminati script (who, despite their name, turn out to be German) looks a lot like Microsoft Gothic Bold 72. The early Christians are said to have stolen Aztec symbolism - although Brown forgot to specify if they flew to South America via Ararat Airlines or Fertile Crescent Air. And so on.<br/><br/>As I said, this book deserves five stars or pentagrams, the devil squared!
 Ordinarily I do not read fiction, but once I got into this work, the more I realized the extent to which the author relied on historical fact.  Two books come immediately to mind, GIORDANO BRUNO AND THE HERMETIC TRADITION, and THE MALLEUS MALIFICARUM.  The timing of my reading corresponded niclely with the election of a new pope.  I appreciated the knowledge gained from reading of matters by an author who used facts to develop his plot.  I confess I harkened more to them than I did to the vehicles he used to tie the story together.  Still, the plots were essential to my greater understanding, and I enjoyed them.  My wife liked it too, and she is as adamantly opposed to my historical persuasion as I notmally am to fiction upon which she relies.<br/><br/>She is looking forward to reading more of the author's works.  I probably will not.  I was especially impressed with the balance of his arguments between the art of science and the tradition of religion.  He was more than fair, and correct, in my opinion, as to the relationship between the two supposedly opposing positions.  Yet, it is true that extremists exist in each realm, but extremism often invites its own reaction that prevents the relevance of balance developed by the author.  It is a work that should be read by members of both groups, either presumed angels, and or demons.  For the truth is, there is less that devides them than one might imagine.
 Dan Brown, with his juxtaposition of realpolitik, religious mysticism, and bogus (or at least highly exaggerated) conspiracy suggestions, may be one of today's most clever authors.  Sure to stir up religious controversy, the plot of "Angels &amp; Demons" is chock-full of demented characters, plot twists, death-defying stunts, scenic venues, and religious iconography and symbolism.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, the Harvard symbolist and hero of Brown's novel, is strongly persuaded by a CERN representative to come investigate the significance of an apparently religiously motivated murder and theft at the laboratory.  A leading scientist, Leonardo Vetra, was found in his apartment, dead and mutilated, with both eyes removed and the word "Illuminati" branded on his chest.  The murder victim also happened to be CERN's leading particle physicist, performing experiments with antimatter.  With Vetra's distraught daughter, Vittoria, in tow, Langdon is brought to one of CERN's massive particle accelerators, shown the awesome explosive power of antimatter, and taken to a secret antimatter storage facility.  There, it is revealed that the removal of Dr. Vetra's eyes may have had a practical, rather than a religious, motivation--the antimatter storage room requires a retinal scan.<br/><br/>Dan Brown throws Langdon and Vittoria into Rome, where they slowly discover that Dr. Vetra's murder may have more disatrous consequences, including the awakening of secret societies long thought extinct, the lives of top-tier Catholic clergyman at risk, and the possible destruction of Vatican City in its entirety.  Along the way they are both hindered and helped by the captain of the elite Swiss Guard, chased by a self-styled Hashshashin (assassin) who is simulatenously targeting Cardinals, and puzzled by the religious symbology present in many of Rome's most recognizable structures.<br/><br/>Dan Brown mixes a staggering confluence of events in a relatively small pot, and succeeds anyway.  With a breakneck pace, this book suspends your disbelief while also tingling your spine with suspense, action, horror, and shock.  Robert Langdon's slightly foreshadowed escape sequence near the book's conclusion literally put me on the edge of my seat.  There is also a plot twist which is all the more effective as Brown's writing is subtle enough to lead the listener/reader to believe that the author is making use of a familiar (and boring) plot device.<br/><br/>To summarize:  great action, fantastic and ridiculous plot which nevertheless works, sympathetic characters, secret societies, beautiful descriptions of real Roman locations, and very fast pace.<br/><br/>Dan Brown fans:  read this first.<br/><br/>Dan Brown naive readers easily offended by religiously controversial books:  avoid.<br/><br/>Dan Brown naive readers not easily offended by religiously controversial books:  highly recommended.<br/><br/>REGARDING THE UNANBRIDGED CD AUDIO VERSION:  Richard Poe is an excellent narrator, providing many different accents and voices for this book's many characters.  His intonation is brisk where it needs to be, and his voice holds one's attention easily.
 "The Da Vinci Code" was VERY good, but seems boring compared to "Angels and Demons."  I was skeptical of Dan Brown as a writer after reading "Digital Fortress" which seemed simplistic by comparison prior to reading "Angels and Demons."<br/>"Angels and Demons" however, solidifies Dan Brown's place as a strong up and comer in New Fiction.  Great plot about a made up conspiracy to overthrow the Catholic Church that brilliantly blurs the lines between religion and science.  All the classic elements of a great story are rolled up into a neat pile-driving plot that doesn't let up until the very end.<br/>Different than DVC, this time Dan Brown gets the reader with a stellar climax about that involves on of the main characters in the book!  Hats off, stellar effort, stellar achievement!
 Caution: This review reveals too much of the plot if you want to read beyond the second paragraph. If you do read it, you will probably purchase another book instead (my purpose in writing it).<br/><br/>Brown writes a very exciting mystery with lots of plot twists and turns, however, the ending left me very disappointed. Why do so many authors, Brown, included, seem to take such pains to develop their story and characters, early on, and then write the last fifty pages as though they had to take a pee.<br/><br/>When Langdon parachutes out of a helicopter, holding onto a tarpaulin, drops to the ground and, somehow, hits the narrow ribbon of the Tiber, breaks no limbs, then chases down and dispatches the world's most dangerous killer, all with his bare hands, it took me from admirer to admonisher.<br/><br/>You can't find fault with the great surprises and love the clever and mysterious lettering/symbols but come on. Make your endings real, Dan.<br/><br/>An author should spend an inordinant amount of time/effort on the first three and last thirty pages to honor his readers.<br/><br/>Thanks for reading this review.
 I found Angels and Demons to be a frustrating experience.  At times I enjoyed it, finding the action interesting.  But for the most part, this book was very poorly written, and worth your time only if you have nothing better to do.<br/>Dan Brown seems like a smart man.  He has clearly researched a great deal of what he discusses and, like Michael Crichton, tries to get as much of that knowledge into the book.  His descriptions of Rome and the Vatican were believable, and at times captivating.  When it comes to plot, Brown seems capable.<br/>It is when one gets to every other aspect of the writer's craft; character, mood, etc., that Brown comes up short.  His characters are two dimensional at best, with one of his villians being so ham-fistedly taken from central casting as to be laughable.  His attempts to describe the characters' reactions to various events are clumsy and repatative.  While he seems smart enough to come up with an interesting plot, he does not have the tools necessary to make the characters involved in that plot people you care about.<br/>If you have time to kill, and nothing else on hand, Angels and Demons may help fill the hours.  If you've got other options though, go with those.  This is a book worth missing.
 This does not compare to The Da Vinci Code and that's the reason for my 4 star rating instead of 5.<br/>I have a brother who loves studying physics so a while ago, he explained anti-matter to me.  As amazing as I found the idea, I never thought about it from a religion point of view. I think one of the main reasons I enjoyed this book was because of the way it combined science and religion together which traditionally is never done.<br/>Other than that, it was typical Dan Brown writing, fast paced with many surprises. Just like with The Da Vinci Code, I loved Brown's use of art and architecture that exists in our real world and how he incorporated them into this adventure.<br/>I liked getting more background info on Robert Langdon but have to admit that I did not enjoy Vittoria as much as I did Sopie in The Da Vinci code.  But over all, this is still a great piece of fiction that inspired me to then research into and learn about many of the topics included in the book.<br/>Again, this is probably not a book for those who are offended easily by anything that delineates for their religious norm.  But it is definitely a book for those who question everything in their everyday lives and it's definitely a book for those who have enjoyed other Dan Brown books.
 Dan Brown does a superb job in detailing some facts of the Vatican, Illuminati, Michael Angelo, etc...<br/><br/>He combines non-fiction and fiction in this great story of adventure, science, religion!!<br/><br/>The main characters are Robert Langdon (American Symboligist/Harvard Professor) and Vittoria Vetra (scientist and daughter of a slain scientist).<br/><br/>They fly off to the Vatican/rome to find the antimatter and Janus (killer of her father). The killer has abducted four popes who were nominated for the pope's throne after the pope passed away (also the work of Janus).<br/><br/>Robert and Vitorria go through mazes, clues to find out how the popes will be slain one by one by the killer. The killer (Janus) says he's part of the Illuminati (a group of scientists who came together to oppose the church in the 16th century).<br/><br/>The main goal of Illuminati was to show that science works the same way as God does and science is truth-seeking. The Vatican tried Galileo for his outward thinking and so the Illuminati were born, keeping their discoveries of science secret from the Church.<br/><br/>The four symbols of the Illuminati were Earth, Wind, Water, Fire. Janus used these very things to kill each of the popes.<br/><br/>As Langdon and Vittoria battle to save these popes, the story does a detour and the last 100 pages are crucial/detailed which make the story perfect.<br/><br/>If you are keen to adventures, history, religion, and science...then you will surely love this book!!!!
 This book is nothing less than amazing! Every detail from the motivation behind lighting and dialogue, to descriptions of scenery and characters is here. Because this is a controversial story, the Catholic Church refused to allow ANGELS AND DEMONS to be filmed on location. Can't blame them. But the extreme extent to which the producer, Ron Howard, went to make this movie realistic on a budget is nothing less than amazing! From creating "marble" floors out of photocopies of real marble, forcing the stars to wear booties over their shoes, to reproducing the massive sculptures in the Vatican, it is all here. Many photos overwhelm the reader with the actual scope of the project!
 Starts great...interesting facts on antimatter.  Fascinating info on the Vatican hide-a-ways, treasures, secret rooms, hierarchy, traditions.  Very interesting study on old catholic ways regarding the Illuminiti.  A heart pumping story of murder and chases and clues.  BUT REALLY...the ending???  A priest flying through the air hundreds of miles up and making a perfect landing on the pinnacle of the Vatican...ta-da...ala Batman....and Langdon landing in the Tiber and surviving????  The book is so much better than the movie but the ending of the movie is so much better than the book.
 Stop if you've heard this before. An ancient secret organization is out to destroy the Vatican and bring down modern Christianity. It is up to Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon, with help from a beautiful scientist, to put together pieces of the puzzle that will stop the bad guys. If it sounds familiar, it's because it is the same exact plot of "The DaVinci Code", also written by Dan Brown. This story is the prequel to "DaVinci" and introduced the world to Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>I've read this before and wanted to re-read it before the movie is released later this summer. Personally, I enjoyed this book more than DaVinci, primarily because I enjoyed the setting more. It's a quick and easy read that is perfect for reading during a flight or commuting on the bus or train.
 This is a more entertaining book than DaVinci Code, but it is so similar that it isn't worth reading both. Dan Brown has found a successful method and chronology for his books and followed it exactly in both novels. A scholar is killed and symbologist Robert Langdon is called in to run around a European City trying to solve it with a woman before something more terrible happens. It is an enjoyable mystery and Brown's use of art, architecture and science are interesting for anyone who knows much about those topics, but it is not nearly as amusing the second time around. I would recommend this book as plane reading or people who just like fast pasced mysteries, but not to anyone who has already read DaVinci Code--even if you liked it.
 While you can read the countless reviews of the plot, I'm just going to stick to my opinion...  This book was close to being a great book (while I agree with some that the ending was a little too unbelievable, it was different).  It reminded me of what a Michael Creighton book should be.  Unlike Creighton, Dan Brown, in this story at least, takes a piece of non-fiction and makes it interesting WITHOUT the canned plot.  The story and history of the Illuminati was very interesting, and the fictional portion helped moved the story along devoid of being the same old boring stratagem.  The amount of "near-misses" and other such plot-devices were kept to a minimum.<br/>One word of caution...  This might not be a good book choice for the deeply religious.  I know that while I was reading it all of my Catholic teachings came roaring back in my mind.  But if you can put that aside and enjoy it for what it is, a work of fiction, you'll be glad you decided to pick it up.
 I found many parts of the story predictible, VERY predictible, but I found the way it was written superb, since it kept me hooked, and wanting to find out if what I thought would happen, would actually happen. Unfortunetly, most of it did, however I did kept reading.<br/><br/>I liked the idea and most of the story, and I think it was a good "1st try", but it is a bit flawed, and I thought the ending (the last 60 pages or so) was a total disaster.<br/><br/>I didn't like the way the author kept pointing out the obvious, all throughout the book. I also didn't enjoy the way he recounted the past of many characters (At times it made me feel it was just to fill pages), and I saw no need for a love story. I will not comment on his facts, because this is a work of fiction, and it shows.<br/><br/>Still, I believe this is an enjoyable book, and would recommend it, as long as you remember... this is FICTION
 I read the book the day before we went to see "Angels and Demons" in preparation for it - actually had a few chapters to finish when I got back. Maybe that was the best way to watch and read it. I suspect it made more sense since I had read most of it but still had suspense for me since I knew the surprise ending was coming - but didn't know what it was. But apart from the scenery, the music, and some interesting details that may or may not be historical there was the sense that it was a remake of "The Da Vinci Code" with a few improvements -- Ron Howard learned some lessons from feedback maybe? But in general my feeling is both book and movie are meant to be popular trite aimed at general audiences. It is a money maker. Art none the less, but not an ounce of the possible in the plot or the characters. I love the review that compares it to Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum but describes it as "more accessible". Boy what a great way to say that! I shall find great use for that description for other things - "more accessible".<br/>Waiting for Potter to come out in July. What a life.
 I read The Da Vinci Code because of all of the attention it was getting. I truly enjoyed that book and went on to read Dan Brown's other books.<br/>Angels &amp; Demons was the 2nd book by Dan Brown that I read and I found the book to be far more interesting, with better character development, more descriptive text and more suspense.<br/>The story is wildly creative and the use of ambigrams (words that appear the same whether read right-side-up or up-side-down), the Illuminati (an ancient secret society), the conclave (the Catholic process of selecting a new Pope), humanity (including members of clergy) at it's best and worst, all added something that can only be described as superbly imaginative.<br/>Robert Langdon, the main character from The Da Vinci Code, is introduced in this novel and his character is well rounded and deeply understandable.  Much more relatable than in The Da Vinci Code.  The female lead is also well developed and likeable despite her hard edge.<br/>I believe that this is Dan Brown's best offering of his first 4 books.<br/>Say what you will about the "clatter" surrounding The Da Vinci Code, but this book was captivating to the point that even that which would seem almost impossible was easily accepted as possible. The characters in this novel, including Langdon from The Da Vinci Code, were deep and complex with inner-demons that they faced whilst facing the true demons of the real world.<br/>The Da Vinci Code was good, but this novel was phenomenal; absolutely perfect.
 This is an absorbing if somewhat clumsy melodrama, which introduces the Robert Langdon character that became famous in "The Da Vinci Code."  Langdon races to solve clues that will prevent the killing of leading Catholic Cardinals as well prevent the destruction of the Vatican.  In the background is the tension between science and religion and the possibility of a grand theme uniting the two.  This larger issue is not convincingly developed -- and the characters drawn are not quite believable.  And the ending is reminiscent of a James Bond movie.<br/><br/>Still, the book is a lot of fun.
 Dan Brown does it again! You won't be able to put this one down. It is a thriller at its best. You will be taken on an adventure full of intrigue, twists &amp; turns, along with dark secrets &amp; shadows. The book builds and builds on suspense right up to the final climax that will astound you.<br/><br/>I am a spiritual seeker of truth, having explored many of the world's religions, especially that of Christianity. I am also an author of a spiritually-themed book entitled "The Misadventures of Sister Mary Olga Fortitude." Angels and Demons is also a book that contains elements of religious mysteries and the spirit of hope. From that standpoint, I can relate to it within the context of my own book.<br/><br/>If you are someone who is willing to open your mind, you may find that this book will lead you to question how long-held religious beliefs have been tampered with by the Catholic church. If so, you will find this book to be an exciting adventure into the mystery of faith.<br/><br/>Davis Aujourd'hui, author of "The Misadventures of Sister Mary Olga Fortitude"
 I found a couple of Dan Brown's books in a give-away pile, so I  decided to give them a try.  Usually I don't read popular fiction. These books remind me of why.<br/><br/>Yes, they were "page-turners" -- especially since the hero NEVER gets any sleep!  But the errors of fact are hard for me to overlook.  Maybe I know too much, for instance that a "codex" is NOT a scroll but is that new-fangled FLAT kind of book, whereas in Dan Brown's book these "codexes" are rolled up.  Guess it's that the word has an "ancient" SOUND to it.  Ooooh -- "Codex!"  Yep, the flat kind of book that came into use a couple thousand years ago.<br/><br/>But the real goldmine of fall-down-funny humor for me came when he starts talking about "physics!"  He goes on for page after page of the most amazing utter nonsense, incompatible with every known theory of reality, as well as with itself!<br/><br/>I laughed!  I cried!  I scrawled derisive notes in the margins!<br/><br/>Not content with murdering the whole swathes of science concepts, he mis-characterizes the book of Genesis, too, in order to make his plot premise work.<br/><br/>His character says "The Bible, of course, states that God created the universe...God said 'Let there be light,' and everything we see appeared out of a vast emptiness.  Unfortunately, one of the fundamental laws of physics states that matter cannot be created out of nothing."<br/><br/>Unfortunately for Mr. Brown's premise, what Genesis actually says is that God took an existing chaotic state and made it orderly, dividing the waters above and below, dividing light and dark, and so on.  (I trust you can look it up if you're interested.)<br/><br/>His attempts at physics are breathtakingly wrongheaded.  Even confusion does not save him from contradicting himself on page after page.  He equates "particle beams" with "extreme energy densities" with "NOTHING."  His scientist character posits "Without waring, inside the accelerator tube, at this point of highly focused energy, particles of matter began appearing out of nowhere."<br/><br/>(I guess it's a little late to let Mr. Brown in on that Einstein thing that matter and energy are fungible.  That "E=MC2" equation? That's what it was talking about,  Energy is equivalent to mass times the speed of light squared.)<br/><br/>His scientist goes on exclaiming, "Matter, blossoming out of nothing. ...He proved not only that matter can be created from nothing, but that the Big Bang and genesis can be explained simply by accepting the presence of an enormous source of energy."  "You mean God?" his main character asks.<br/><br/>Scientist says, "Science and religion support he same truth -- pure energy is the father of creation."<br/><br/>Main character again: "...your father created matter...out of nothing?"  "Yes."<br/><br/>OK, so if energy is equivalent to "nothing" and if God is also equivalent to "enormous energy" then God is also equivalent to NOTHING.<br/><br/>I really don't know, between his physics and his theology, whether religious people or scientists should be the more offended.
 If you're looking for good literature, this isn't the place to look. If you're looking for something to drag to the beach this summer, you've found it.<br/>Brown has a little more respect for his reader than the typical Grisham/Creighton fare - and that's what sets this book apart. The plot if farely formulaic - full of wild technology, quasi-mysticism, and plots to destroy society. However, Brown actually discussed and involves slightly more complicated topics that pop lit. He's mainly concerned with the ideological conflicts between science and religion, and is determined to instill his story with a decent amount of the spectrum of philosophies regarding this topic.<br/>That said, this is still is a fluffy, easy read - but certainly a notch above most of the other best-seller list crap.
 If you liked "The DaVinci Code," you'll love the prequel. I had heard this story was good but put it off for a long time. I came away from reading it with the same feeling I got from DaVinci Code, a hunger to learn everthing I could about the people and places featured in the book and a thirst for a sequel, which is always a sign that I've read a good story.<br/><br/>Although I didn't think that Brown did very well with the character development in this story, and this book didn't have as many shocking moments as "DaVinci Code," I enjoyed the story more and it was more thrilling. This book was a lot like an educated man's Robert Ludlum: fast-paced and filled with suspense, while containing everything you find in a good issue of National Geographic.
 Like most other people who read the Da Vinci Code, I felt that I should read other works by Dan Brown as well because DaVinci Code was so good. Angels and Demons is good, but not in the same realm as Da Vinci Code, which isn't really difficult to fathom. The confusing part to the people that read some of these reviews is why, if Dan Brown had the same method with this book as he did with DaV inci Code, why is DaVinci Code so much better? Brown's premise is the same. Somebody of clout is murdered and then Robert Langdon takes a girl along for the ride to try and prevent something worse from happening. The problem with Angels and Demons is that while the plot is good, it takes some odd twists and turns. To discover these though, you must read the book and you should read the book. There is a lot of good information in there again focusing on religion, but you can't help but feel more informed after reading this book.
 I read A&amp;D months after reading The Da Vinci Code. These are my impressions:<br/><br/>This book is a page-turner, full of suspense and twists. From the beginning, you don't want to stop reading it. If you look for a light summer read, this might be it.<br/><br/>On the other hand you must remember that Brown's characters are somehow simplistic and more suited for a mass-market movie than for a classy best-seller. You just know they're not real. They're not human.<br/><br/>To anyone planning on reading A&amp;D and The Da Vinci Code, I suggest you start by taking A&amp;D. DVC's main theme is more exciting and controversial than A&amp;D. It's better to save the best for last. And, take a few months between them. They're just too similar to be read at once.
 As I got around fifty pages into Angels and Demons, I was reminded of something that occurred to me when I read The Da Vinci Code (its sequel) a couple years ago:  Dan Brown is not really a great writer.  That he is generally successful has more to do with the fact that he presents interesting ideas in a competent but unspectacular manner.  With The Da Vinci Code, the ideas alone were enough to merit a four star rating, but here the concepts are weaker and the novel is only of three star quality as a result.<br/><br/>The book introduces Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor who is an expert in religious symbols.  He is flown to the Swiss scientific facility CERN to provide information on a symbol branded into a murder victim.  This symbol leads Langdon to believe the Illuminati, a secret anti-Catholic organization is back in existence after a century.  Soon it becomes obvious that the murderer has stolen a chunk of antimatter and hidden it somewhere in Vatican City.  When the antimatter canister loses power (at exactly midnight), it will come in contact with normal matter and explode with the power of a small nuclear device.<br/><br/>Langdon is paired with the murder victim's daughter.  (Could she be a love interest?  Considering the fact that she is essentially the only female in this story and her physical attributes are repeatedly described, this is a no-brainer.)  The two go to the Vatican, where there is also a papal election going on.  To find the antimatter requires the deciphering of a number of ancient riddles that date back to Galileo.  Fortunately, Langdon has the expertise to put them on the right track.<br/><br/>As with its sequel, the suspense fiction aspects of this story are utterly routine, and any veteran reader of this genre may be unimpressed with this novel.  We have the love interest, the sadistic perfect killer and the convoluted conspiracy that are all common to these books.  The characters, in particular Langdon are almost cookie cutter figures with no real depth.  On the other hand, while there is little new here, Brown is able to follow the formula well enough and offer enough interesting ideas to keep the book of at least average quality.  If you are interested in this book only as a diverting thriller, you may be better looking elsewhere like Robert Ludlum, Jon Land or Ken Follett...while Brown isn't bad, there are a lot better writers out there.
 Robert Langdon is a Harvard symbologist summoned out of bed to Vatican City, where terrorists claiming to be the fabled Illuminati have hidden a stolen bomb capable of wiping out the Holy City along with a chunk of Rome. As Robert attempts to find the bomb's location while simultaneously tracking down the four likely selections for the Papacy before they are all sacrificed to the altars of science, he must evade an assassin and a possible threat from inside the Vatican itself.<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons is a non-stop thriller from the very get-go, and a very enjoyable read for history and religion fans. The book does have some factual flaws, but just remember: on the back, it says "fiction." This is by no means a history textbook and it isn't meant to be treated as such.<br/><br/>One issue with the book is Brown's style of writing. The oft-used italics to emphasize certain words become annoying and ill-placed, and the very plain description of the surroundings and actions can be cumbersome. The characters are not very interesting or hugely developed, which detracts from the adventure of the story. But these flaws shouldn't have any significant bearing on the story for someone looking for a quick thrill.<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons is widely considered to be Dan Brown's best work to date, and for good reason: it improves leaps and bounds over Brown's previous novels despite mechanical issues and is a genuinely adventurous read. Would definitely recommend.
 I see that readers are leaving lengthy reviews. Mine will be brief. When I started my dream job as a librarian in 2003 I read The Da Vinci Code in deference to my job. Waste of time. Angels and Demons was so much better,  I couldn't believe it! Spoiler alert: I was glad Ewan McGregor played the really evil bad character in the movie.  I can't stand that guy!
 i work at a bookstore, and was able to read an advanced readers copy of da vinci code.  in one word, FASCINATING!  after reading da vinci code, i picked up a copy of angels &amp; demons.  i started getting that feeling of "been there, done that" with the plot.  but still, i could not put it down.  when i finished the book, and sat back to think more about it, i was extremely impressed.  first of all, what ever our opinions are, the book is still a work of fiction, so everything we read is not true.  but the one thing that stuck out were the passages that debated science vs. religion.  these passages, to me, make the book an incredible read.  so, with the death of the pope, and the conclave about to happen, i decided to re-read angels &amp; demons again.  and once again, i have been blown away by the insight used to debate the topic of science vs. religion.  excellent!  as i continually tell everyone i meet who has read da vinci code, but shies(sp) away from angels &amp; demons because of the "been there, done that" way the story unfolds, if i had read angels &amp; demons first, i would consider it the better of the two.  i wouldn't be surprised if the sales of angels &amp; demons jumps because the death of the pope, and the upcoming conclave.  it is a wonderful book.
 Many people are saying how amazing this book is. I for one am not among them. Instead of getting carried away by the reputation of a writer I actually read the work and judge it on that. On a positive note: I'll say that this author really works out all the details of the plot. In this way (and this way only) this book is good. My complaint is that he can't write a story with a darn! Some of character descriptions are ridiculous. I have read dime-store novels that were better. Also, the entire book is about one evening in Rome. This is why I think it was a slow read. I covered twenty pages and story only advanced about 10 minutes in its timeline. I like more going on in the books I read. The only upside when you get to the end are a couple of plot twists that you don't see coming. Yet, there were many plot twists during the rest of the book that you see coming, but apparently the characters were too stupid to see until they are about to occur. I hate stupid characters! If you want to waste your time, go ahead and buy this book. Personally, I'd wait for the movie.
 Despite all the hype surrounding Brown's The DaVinci Code, Angels and Demons still surpasses it in construction of a story and the way the plot and characters are developed and react.<br/>Angels and Demons is no doubt a work of fiction but it is a fiction thriller at its finest.  I have not been engaged in a thriller novel of this nature since Tom Clancy's Patriot Games.  From the history of the Catholic Church to the dangerous Illuminatus society that threatens the Church and the lives of those trying to discover its secrets, Angels and Demons takes the reader on a spectacular journey of mystery, history, murder, and suspense down to the last few twisting pages.  Though DaVinci Code is a great novel in its own right, Angels and Demons seems to trump it in every aspect including suspense but helps to cement Brown's status as a new hot thriller writer even more.
 I really liked this audio book. It's perfect to listen to in the car!<br/><br/>This book was awesome!<br/><br/>This was a great read so to speak.  It happens so very rarely that it's a wonderful surprise when it does.<br/><br/>"This audiobook was provided by the author, narrator, or publisher at no cost in exchange for an unbiased review courtesy of AudiobookBlast dot com."
 This was the first Dan Brown book I read and I absolutely enjoyed it. I love his references to art and architecture, and how he ties his stories together. His plot lines and historic references always get me thinking. The book is much better when you can see what he is talking about - keep a phone or computer around to look up the buildings and artwork he references if you aren't familiar with architecture or art history. I would definitely recommend this book.
 Most of the book - not too bad. But the end (slight spoiler alert) - when scientists and science have been turned into allies of satanists, terrorists, murders and bombers based on a set of lies by the person who ACTUALLY committed the grotesque murders, planted the bomb, and set up scientists to take the fall - they decide - what the heck, let's not bother telling the truth, because it might disillusion all those people who think they've just seen a true miracle.<br/><br/>Just disgusting to me - lies in the service of religion, setting up the innocent as the target of large angry mobs, protecting a murderer's memory - in the name of promoting religion.<br/><br/>Most of the book is a decent thriller - somewhat loose on some details, some spots where it's clear the writer is trying to write his alter ego into a superhero, some spots where it assumes the reader is really dumb (anyone here need camouflage defined for them? I sure didn't). But an inspirational ending, until it all becomes a pack of lies.
 Angels &amp; Demons is, by far, one of the best books that I've ever had the pleasure to read.  I normally stick to the likes of Clancy, Flynn, Stephen Coonts, and similar authors, but I was lucky enough to get sucked into the Dan Brown craze earlier this summer.  His tales are truly awesome...completely enjoyable... and best of all, intellectually stimulating.  It is not often that we come across good thrillers that actually make us stop and think about the issues battled over during the plot.. this one's got that and more... This book is fast paced and full of breathtaking twists and awe-inspring images.  When I was finished, I wanted to hop on a plane for Rome to visit the plot's many interesting settings.  As that's not likely to happen, I am eagerly awaiting the moment that some smart studio makes this best-seller into a blockbuster.  The controversy in this book, as in 'The Code,' is dripping with suspense, and if you read this as a novel (like you should), and not as an encyclopedia entry (like many have), then you are in for the ficticious roller-coaster ride of your life!  Have fun with it, and be sure to read the rest of Dan Brown's masterpieces!
 I read "Angels &amp; Demons" after reading Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code," and I have to say that I do not think it matters what order you read the two books although there are clear indications this book was written first (Brown does several examples of blatant foreshadowing, including early on the idea that one square yard of drag will slow a falling body's rate of descent by twenty percent).  The two books are similar in that Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon deciphers clues to try and solve one murder while trying to prevent others in a mystery that involves the secrets of the Catholic Church.  In this book a physicist is murdered at CERN, the Swiss research facility, and branded will a symbol representing the Illuminati, the centuries old underground organization of scientists who have a vendetta against the Catholic Church.  The ancient secret brotherhood has acquired a devastating new weapon of mass destruction and intends to bring down the Vatican (literally).<br/>Which book is better?  My initial reaction would be that I liked "The Da Vinci Code" a bit more because so many of the clues were written out.  When Langdon has to look over paintings, statues and other visual clues I find myself wishing Brown had supplied photographs in his book so that I could play along looking for clues (he does provide most of the requisite images at his website, but I did not know this until after the fact and I suspect most readers will not want to stop and go online to call up the photographs).  Not that I had much success in my endeavors, but I did know that Leonardo Da Vinci wrote in his journals backwards so that I was ahead of Langdon for a half a page at one point.  "Angles &amp; Demons" is played out on a larger and more public stage than "The Da Vinci Code," and when you get to the conclusion of this novel you might find it a bit much, but that is one of the reasons they call it fiction.<br/>The biggest question in the debate over these books seems to be whether Brown is attacking the Catholic Church in his novels, which strikes me a bit odd after reading "Angels &amp; Demons" since the Vatican is the target this time around.  This novel is more about the long struggle between science and religion than anything else, and the position Brown takes seems to be that the two are ultimately compatible.  I did my dissertation on the Scopes "Monkey" Trial of 1925 and in the spectacle of Clarence Darrow cross-examining William Jennings Bryan that is codified by the fictional "Inherit the Wind," history has forgotten that the original position of the Scopes defense was that there Genesis and evolution were compatible.  Consequently, I have a lot of sympathy for Brown's position and I think a careful reading of the text offers as strong a critique of science as it does of religion.  Certainly that ideal is represented by the man who is murdered to start off the story and whatever faults in the history and theology of the Catholic Church might be discussed, there are just too many men of devout faith in the narrative to support the idea Brown is out to get the Church.<br/>Nor do I have any real concerns with the extent to which Brown is playing with historical "facts."  The whole idea here is to create a sense that the pieces of the puzzle fit together.  I do not think for a second that these novels are true; all I need is to believe that they are plausible, so telling me that some statue's finger is pointed in the wrong direction if you go to Rome and see it for yourself is not going to matter to me because I understand how far the rules of the game apply to the real world.  Even so, I think that Brown's factual foundation is more substantial than we will usually find under such circumstances, which would end up being a plus rather than a minus.  Besides, I like all of the flashbacks to Langdon's discussions with his students (more classroom scenes in the future, please).<br/>Solving the puzzles is the key enjoyment of these novels and that part of the creative process makes up for Brown's tendency to overplay his red herrings and to hide his true villains in plain sight.  Ultimately the game matters more than the characters or the plot.  As soon as you know that there will be four more murders you realize that at least three of them have to happen because the game has to be played out to the end, so it is not until the frantic end game that your attention really perks up and it is at that point that Brown starts unloading a whole lot of really big surprises on his characters and his readers.  In the final analysis the point here is neither history nor theology, but to tell an exciting adventure yarn where the hero gets by mainly on his intelligence rather than good looks and/or weaponry.  This is a hero I can actually identify with for once and that is fine with me too.
 "Angels &amp; Demons" is the first book by Dan Brown to have Robert Langdon as the hero.  The story follows Langdon as he tries to solve a string of murders of cardinals before the election of a new pope.  The plot is written very much like a movie or a TV show, with chapter breaks coming right in the middle of the action or before a critical clue is uncovered.  Nevertheless, Dan Brown knows how to write a thriller and the story is quite captivating.  About halfway through the book, I couldn't put it down and had to stay up late to finish.  Of course, there are some totally ridiculous parts to the book, particularly in his description of the main characters and their dress.  These are very much a part of Brown's imagination (a woman who takes a transatlantic flight in shorts and a tanktop isn't rational enough to know quantum physics).  But the story is good enough to cover for these inadequacies and, because this is Brown's first book with Langdon, the quality of writing is much better than "The Da Vinci Code."  It's definitely worth reading and is a better read than his subsequent and more famous book.
 It was "The DaVinci Code" that introduced novelist Dan Brown to a broad audience, but by no means should readers think the action ends with that work.<br/>In fact, "DaVinci" is only the latest in an impressive body of work by Brown, who has repeatedly shown a knack for weaving page-turning suspense, history and religion into fasinating and highly entertaining works.<br/>In "Angels &amp; Demons," a prequel to "DaVinci" (the two involve some of the same characters), Brown exhibits the same fast-paced writing and the same flair for plot twists -- though posed in a less controversial way than in "DaVinci" -- that has put him at the top of everyone's reading list.<br/>While most of of Brown's success is owed to his storytelling ability and his painstaking research, much of it also can be attributed to his cinematic writing style -- you can almost see the scenes playing out on a movie screen in your head as your read. In that respect, "Angels &amp; Demons" is at least as enjoyable to read as the work of some of publishing's more established superstars, such as Michael Crichton and John Grisham.<br/>And the book is not without controversy entirely. Though not on the same level as "DaVinci," there is certainly much to debate -- and much to ponder -- in its pages. There is also much to learn, as the book is chock-full of historical tidbits.<br/>Probably best of all, however, "Angels &amp; Demons" may serve to prove to rearders that "The DaVinci Code" was no fluke; Dan Brown has a lot to offer.
 At first, the book had sort of a Crighton-esque feel to it, but it quickly began to dumb itself down -- I'm not sure if Brown does not give his readers some credit, or if he is just marketing it for mass appeal.  Which is not to say that it is a bad book, but it is clearly lacking the research associated with the non-fiction based fictional-thrillers category.<br/><br/>You can save yourself some time by just reading the last 2 paragraphs of every chapter.  You won't miss out on character development(it's not there), and all the plot seems to be furroughed into each chapter's last couple "what's around the corner" paragraphs.<br/><br/>Grab a copy from the library.  Borrow one from a friend.  This is a nice, quick airplane-ride read that doesn't require too much thought nor a dictionary at hand.
 I still have not read the Da Vinci Code but I just finished this book which is the first book with Robert Langdon and I will definitley buy The Da Vinci Code this weekend.<br/>This book has many twists and turns and I never forsaw the ending. It is apparent that Brown has researched Vatican City and Rome extensiveley and it shows in his writing. Books that are fiction but so closely incorporate factual information you can't tell which is which are always the best to read and this one is better than most. There were one or two things that I didn't see happening but I won't rehash them here as I don't want to ruin anyone's read. Let me just say I recommend this book for what it's worth and I advise you get it. I enjoyed it immensely.
 Robert Langdon is a Harvard professor of symbology and a world-renowned expert on the subject. His quiet life is turned upside down when he receives a fax with the symbol of the Illuminati branded on a murdered man's chest and an insistent summons to help with the investigation.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book tremendously for the adventure, the history, the quick pace and the light romance. I literally couldn't put it down and stayed up into the wee hours of the morning reading because I had to find out who Janus was, what it is he was after and where the secret Illuminati lair was.<br/>It was interesting to see the conflict between good and evil in this story and Mr. Brown's interpretation of it. You can't get away from it - it's in the title itself. It was fascinating to see how the same things could be perceived to be on the opposite ends of the spectrum depending on the viewpoint of the examiner: are science, knowledge, education and progress good or are they to be shunned in favor of almost blind faith? Is murder justified if it's a means to a righteous end? Can goodness become evil if it goes untempered?<br/>I couldn't help but grow fond of Robert, Vittoria and even the frosty Maximillian Kohler. They each have a story that makes them who they are and this humanity makes them all but walk off the page. For the same reason the villain is that much more chilling - I know there are people in this world who are at the same level of delusional conviction and will do anything to achieve their goals.<br/>The academic explanations tended to slow down the pace but not enough to pull me out of the story. It was more like listening to a highly educated person carry on a conversation in which their field is involved - they just can't resist telling you all the different things they find fascinating and venture off into the realm of lecture before they catch themselves but when it's all said and done you still find that you're glad they told you all those things.<br/>I would recommend this highly satisfying read to fans of edge-of-your-seat mystery with elements of history. Just be prepared to not sleep much until you turn that last page.<br/><br/>You can find my other reviews at bibliophilescorner.blogspot.com
 In a race against time, world-renowned symbologist, Robert Langdon and CERN physicist Vittoria Vetra join forces to save the Vatican City from an infamous satanic cult. This cult is known as the Illuminati. Formed centuries ago, the Illuminati went against the Catholic Church and were oppressed as a result. Now seeking revenge, they have stolen the deadly antimatter from CERN and placed it somewhere deep within the Vatican. It is now a ticking time bomb, with enough power to completely annihilate the Vatican City. Four cardinals are also missing. With the cardinals lives at stake and the fate of the Vatican City left up to them, the pair must endure a wild chase around Rome. Using their knowledge of art and history, the two must find a way to save the cardinals and retrieve the antimatter, before time runs out.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons is a great and easy read for people of all ages. the novel has everything you could possibly want in a book. It has suspense, murder, sex, and of course an unexpected twist. Although the book is over seven hundred pages, it is a page turner. If your looking for a great read that you wont be able to put down, Angels and Demons is the book for you.<br/><br/>-Sasha Gorr
 Once again Dan Brown has created another compelling read with Angels &amp; Demons, the phrase "page turner" comes to mind.  In this book, he takes an unabashed swipe at the Catholic Church and christianity in general.  This undisguised, anti-christian theme however is getting a bit thin for me personally. However, the pace is nearly frenetic and you can't help but get caught up in the story.  This book was written earlier than The Da Vinci Code and a bit of his "immaturity" as a writer comes through in places.  But, the plot has some great twists and the action and suspense are first rate.  Dan Brown has the 'formula' down pat for creating a good book and here he clearly sticks to it.  Once again, ala "The Da Vinci Code" his protagonist Robert Langdon is paired with a lovely, intelligent woman with some subtle, sensual tension.  He packs a lot of action and clues into each page as he throws the reader headlong into the story.  The dialog and descriptions are top notch. I do have a few gripes.  First, is the insertion of the X-33 hyperspace plane into the story. This is utterly ridiculous and to me a clear attempt to spice up the story with some high tech gimick. Even in 2006 a plane like that does not exist let alone having one being privately flown around the world.  He should've stuck to a Learjet.  Second, is Robert Langdon's "fall" from the helicopter (I'm trying not to give too much away here).  Though it could be remotely possible, in all reality it would've not have happened.  Finally, the pace at which Langdon solves the centuries old clues is hard to believe. I see these as a clear stretch by the author to pump up the story when it really wasn't needed. The use of actual places, people, and sculptures works in his favor lending weight to the story.  Overall this is a great 'read' and thus the 4-star rating.
 Seeing as how much of the recent popularity of "Angels &amp; Demons" stems from Brown's success with "The Da Vince Code", I'll let you in on a little secret; if you enjoyed the "Da Vinci Code", you'll undoubtedly enjoy "Angels &amp; Demons."<br/>Brown continues his sharp, casual verbal style, and never ceases to pour on a healthy sampling of anecdotes.  It is no wonder that such an interesting storyline as this was adapted into a movie.<br/>His characters are actually MORE developed by the end of the book than are the characters in his more popular novel, making this book, ironically, a better read.<br/>I would recommend this book to almost anyone, especially fans of the "Da Vinci Code"
 "God is not some omnipotent authority looking down from above, threatening to throw us into a pit of fire if we disobey. God is the energy that flows through the synapses of our nervous system and the chambers of our hearts! God is in all things."<br/><br/>Relived my Rome trip in this book. Beautiful and thrilling. I love you, Dan Brown
 I really like Dan Brown's books.  This one was no exception.  The illustrations are wonderful and help you to understand what the subject matter is referring to.<br/><br/>Yes, I'll be the first to admit that a lot of the content of this book is totally unbelievable.  The fall from the helicopter is the most unbelievable, but this is fiction and supposedly action/fiction.<br/><br/>But there is so much that is believable and perhaps plausible.  I'm always amazed when I read a book and I can google on something and find that it's real.  Yes, there really is a CERN.<br/><br/>It's a great read.  Suspend your disbelief on the really unlikely parts and enjoy the rest.<br/><br/>My star ratings:<br/><br/>One star - couldn't finish the book<br/><br/>Two stars - read the book, but did a lot of skipping or scanning. Wouldn't add the book to my permanent collection or search out other books by the author<br/><br/>Three stars - enjoyable read. Wouldn't add the book to my permanent collection. Would judge other books by the author individually.<br/><br/>Four stars - Liked the book. Would keep the book or would look for others by the same author.<br/><br/>Five stars - One of my all time favorites. Will get a copy in hardback to keep and will actively search out others by the same author.
 Angels and Demons" blew me away. Not just as a standalone novel, but especially in light of Dan Brown's freshmen attempt, "Digital Fortress." Brown's writing skills and narrative surpassed anything I was expecting. The way Brown held me on the edge of my seat as if I were watching a movie makes this book one of the few that I almost wanted to read again. "Angels and Demons" went beyond just taking the<br/>reader through the highlights of ancient Rome. Instead, Brown took an active role in telling a tale that ensured suspense with every turn of the page. What made this novel more than just some standard action-adventure read was that it dived so well into the mysteries surrounding the Catholic church and the enemies it faced. This book didn't just follow the standard rock-paper-scissors of most novels, but kept drawing me further into the book, even in it's last few pages. Brilliantly told, with more twists and turns than I could have expected or reasoned.<br/><br/>The book isn't perfect however, if only from a few philosophical issues. The only marks against it that I have are the new age concepts that Brown seemed to promote, if only in little bits and pieces. It's one thing to have the antagonist in the novel make nonsensical remarks, but when the hero or heroin of the story declares (in this case Vittoria) that "God is in all of us" I find that very unfortunate. Just because this is fiction does not in any way make those references suddenly acceptable. It's almost as if Brown had an agenda to normalize God throughout the novel (another example being the explanation for how God answers prayer-it's othing more than concentrated brain waves, etc).<br/><br/>However, small annoyancees aside, it was one of my favorite fiction books I've ever read. Great novel and a great storyline, but a flawed philosophy
 Personally, I enjoyed this book.  I have talked to quite a few people who felt this was terrible because it was inaccurate religiously or historically.  The bottom line is it's a book.  People felt the same way about some of the Indiana Jones movies but now those are considered classics in American Society.  While I don't think this will reach that mark I think it is a good fictional book.  The characters are interesting, and the plot as well as the twists are well thought out.  The logic puzzles involved in the journey are much more challenging then they were in the Da Vinci Code.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who just wants an entertaining read not someone who is searching for the truth hidden in literature.
 Somebody at my favorite Borders store told me I had to read Angels and Demons first (before The Da Vinci Code). After reading this one, I'm not sure if I'll read the Da Vinci Code.  While this book was filled with fascinating historical facts, these facts were often laid out in the form of a lecture. I felt the author was just trying to show off his knowledge, rather than sneaking it into the story subtley, so that we don't realize we are learning. This book fails the "Show-Don't-Tell" rule.<br/>Also, if you're going to do historical fiction, then I need to know which parts are true and which parts are made up. I can only use the true stuff to impress my friends with historical trivia at parties. Just throw in an afterword or something.<br/>However, having said all that, I kept reading the thing, so it couldn't be all bad.
 'Angels &amp; Demons' by Dan Brown, writer of the infamous 'The Da Vinci Code' introduces us to the character or Robert Langdon in this suspenseful novel that deal with the Catholic Church, corruption, and intrique.  Along the lines of a Michael Crichton book we also get some technology thrown in for good measure dealing with anti-matter and a faaaaaast plane.<br/><br/>One of the main complaints about Dan Brown books is that so much of what he writes is implausible, but I remind reader that it is a FICTION FICTION FICTION work.  FICTION folks!!!  Whether you are a fan of the church or not, Brown will be the first to remind you that what he writes is for entertainment purposes first and foremost.<br/><br/>If you read Angels &amp; Demons from this point of view, I feel that you will be a happy consumer.  There isn't a lot of character development but Dan Brown is concerned with keeping the reader excited to turn to the next page/chapter, not to learn more about the characters.  Like the Da Vinci Code I feel that Brown has spun a masterful tale that will excite all readers that enjoy suspense novels, church-going folk or not.<br/><br/>On an earlier note, just because Brown's work is fiction, many points in this book will have you raising your eyebrows and wondering if what he has conjured up from his brain hits a little closer to reality then you might think.  I guess we'll never know...<br/><br/>***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 I bought this book while I was reading " Da Vinci Code". When I finished with the code took this one and my though was that an earlier book of the "Robert Langdon" series will be no better the last one, but I was wrong, the reading in this book was far more supeior than the other. This is a "cat and mouse" run from start to finish, and your are hold in this religious plot, that holds you in the edge of your seat until the final revelation that is not even the peak of the mountain.<br/>Please is only a book for reading not for finding the errors of the author or locations that appear in the book. Reading should be fun, entertaining.<br/>If you liked the book, recomend the title to others, no spend your time in critics that make no sense, technicals details that most of the readers don't care about it.
 I ran across this book and was intrigued by the title and cover (hardcover edition).  I can tell you that this novel really moves with an excellent plot.  I would place it in the same category as Focault's Pendulum by Umberto Eco with regard to secret societies operating in the present, intellectual observations, art history, the Vatican, murder, etc.  I am awed by the author's ability to combine all of the above elements in addition to scientific breakthroughs, an attractive hero and an pace that will not allow you to put this book down.  The plot is multilayered and it will force you to dwell on the numerous stories being told simulataneously.  I found myself thinking of many ideas and situations he presents and their I am looking forward to future novels from Dan Brown that explore the past intruding upon the present in very unexpected ways.
 I found Angels &amp; Demons to be a very good book and would recommend it although I did enjoy the DaVinci Code more.  As you may imagine, the book is full of action, religious symbolism and controversy, history, and art as the action centers around Rome and the Vatican City.  Although the book is very engaging and action oriented with its race against time banner, it becomes far-fetched in a few places for me; especially as the book draws towards its conclusion.  Yet, this book has a way of making you live in the moment with the main characters as they decipher code and then desperately race around Rome in an attempt to save lives and ultimately Vatican City. All the while, the reader's mind is racing to determine who could be the real villain behind the events that are occurring.
 I'll admit it, I saw the movie before I read the book. I thought the movie was pretty good. But, as usual the book is better. There were some changes in the movie that shouldn't have been changed. Dan Brown writes a pretty good thriller. I spent hours reading this book and they didn't feel like long, tedious hours. The chapters are relatively short and even self-contained so when I had to put the book down I didn't have to go back and read the last chapter; I could just go into the next one without feeling lost. The detail is just enough so you feel you're racing around Rome, the Vatican and in Switzerland at CERN. I liked how Brown kept the suspense going, even though I knew the ending. The premise of the book is age old, but I like the spin Brown put on the science vs The Church debate and he gives up some interesting food for thought in a book meant for relaxing. This is a book I could read again and again. Can't wait for more books on Langdon.<br/><br/>*I usually like the watch the movie, then read the book; otherwise I can't enjoy the movie.
 I think I was one of the few people who didn't absolutely love "The DaVinci Code". A friend suggested I read this telling me it was a better story, and upon finishing I have to agree. After now having read his two biggest novels I've come to the conclusion Dan Brown writes the literary equivalent to the summer blockbuster movie. A huge plot that barrels along at a breakneck pace, daring and heart pounding action sequences, and characters that have stilted dialogue but are used for their specific purpose to move the plot along.(Not that there's anything wrong with that.) This involves a Harvard symbologist, called to help unravel an ancient mystery involving a secret brotherhood that is out to destroy the Catholic Church. The debate between science and religion is played against the backdrop of the Vatican city while the city itself is facing complete destruction in a matter of hours. Perfect movie setup.<br/>Too bad Harrison Ford, is too old for Langdon...Dennis Quaid perhaps?
 Loved it, Loved it!  I read it as a prelude to The Davinci Code, which I am reading now.  As a Buff on QM &amp; the nonsense put out by the Cathlic Church, I was already familiar with the Illuminati.  A Cathlic myself I know the Church is not all nonsense, but they never give you a chance to make up your own mind, since they have decided what information to publish and what to squash.  But, I digress from the book, which is thrilling, entertaining &amp; enlightening.  I particularly appreciate the fact that Dan Brown preludes his book with letting you know what is fact and how much is fiction.  I found myself going back and referring to this several times.  I was surprised to learn that CERN has actually produced anti-mater.
 I was first introduced to Dan Brown's writing with DaVinci Codes, which I loved.  When a friend let me borrow her copy of Angles and Demons, I started reading it thinking it couldn't possibly be as good as DaVinci Codes.  Boy was I wrong!  This is an absolute riveting book.  Fast paced, well written, Brown is a masterful story teller who clearly does his research on the subject matter. This book is full of twists and turns turns which keep you on the edge of your seat from start to finish. The only negative comment i have is that Brown repeatedly uses what I feel are very far-fetched coincidences to lead Langdon and Vittoria to figure things out. However, overall this is a book that I highly recommend.  And, as an added bonus, readers can go to the Dan Brown website and see pictures of the actual sites in Rome described in the book.
 Like many people, I discovered Dan Brown through The Da Vinci Code. So when my Page Turners Book Club picked Angels &amp; Demons as our March read, I was excited to read another book by this author. As much as I enjoyed the just-one-more-page-before-I-turn-out-the-light qualities of this book I still prefer The Da Vinci Code.<br/>  Angels &amp; Demons is the prequel for The Da Vinci Code and I could truly see Brown's growth as a writer in his later work.  I would consider his plotting skills in Angels &amp; Demons good, but by the time he went on to write The Da Vinci Code I believe they were perfected.<br/>  Angels &amp; Demons still possesses the page turning, fast paced plotting present in The Da Vinci Code.  However, in my opinion, some of the plot twists, while being thoroughly entertaining, were also entirely unbelievable.  I don't believe that fiction needs to be exactly like real life, but I can only suspend disbelief so far without falling out of the story.<br/>  If this was your first Dan Brown, and you enjoyed this one, I would highly recommend picking up a copy of The Da Vinci Code.  If you've already read The Da Vinci Code, you'll probably like this one too, just know before you begin that you've already read the best, now you're going back for the rest.
 A few days ago, I picked up a copy of Dan Brown's ANGELS AND DEMONS.  I enjoyed The DaVinci Code as well as the movie, and definitely wanted to read ANGELS AND DEMONS before seeing the film.<br/><br/>I will say, the action did not stop, and neither did my interest.  The book should come with some form of eyedrops to assist in the eyestrain I now battle. I could put the book down, but only long enough to eat, sleep and take care of my family.  Quickly.<br/><br/>And the ending?  Wow.  I am always one to guess multiple ways an author could end a book....I never, ever, saw this brilliant one coming.  Well done, Mr. Brown!<br/><br/>J.R. Reardon<br/>author, CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATIONS
 Dan Brown's best book so far; with his signature historical-conspiracy theory / modern action thriller style, this book is an example of him at his finest. Interesting historical references combined with modern suspense. It must be said, however, that if you are going to read any of Dan Brown's books, read the Special Illustrated edition! That way you will actually see the art/architecture references that are made while they are being made in the text (the same goes for the Da Vinci Code and the Lost Symbol - can't wait for the Inferno Illustrated Edition)!
 Let me begin by saying that _Angels and Demons_ is not as riveting as _The Da Vinci Code_; if you are expecting lightning to strike twice, you will be disappointed.  However, the prequel to _The Da Vinci Code_ is a good book, with a decent plot and a story line that will keep your attention.<br/>The story centers around the creation of "anti-matter" and its potential to be used as an energy source with a tremendous capacity to destroy as well.  A large quantity of anti-matter has been stolen, obstensibly by the ancient and secret order of the Illuminati, who seek to destroy the Vatican.  (Yes, the Catholic church again has a prominent role in this book as well.)  The search is on for the location of the anti-matter while the clock ticks away the seconds before its detonation.<br/>As a story, _Angels and Demons_ has its merits: there is some plausability to it, and the landmarks around Rome are very much as Brown describes them.  The "countdown to the end" is a bit forced and contrived, and about 3/4 through the book a careful reader can figure out who the "bad guy" is.  Nonetheless its an entertaining read.  Not nearly as good as _The Da Vinci Code_, but worthy of attention.
 After reading and enjoying the best selling 'Da Vinci Code' I was hoping this book would be as an exciting read.  It basically was the same type of novel with the same type of suspense and I wasn't disappointed.<br/>While Brown's writing style is not classical literature by any means, and sometimes borders the obscenely ridiculous, it is fast paced and action filled and I can't seem to stop turning the pages until I get to the conclusion of the mystery he lays out from page one.<br/>While my high rating doesn't mean I rate this as being on par with some of the other genres I read, this book certainly ranks on the top of the pile with others in it's type.  Look past some of the obvious "that could never happen" moments, and just enjoy the quick and exciting mystery for what it is and you'll probably feel the same way.
 Astounding achievement. I would give it five stars except I think Brown misses the mark with some of his portrayals of human reactions to deeply emotional events. This is especially true of the heroine's reaction to her father's death and the "camerlengo's" reaction to a Pope's confession.<br/><br/>Even with this single objection, I believe Dan Brown brings history to life in Angels and Demons. Reading this book is like emersing yourself in the ancient waters of a forgotten time. You feel waves of history washing over you with incredible force as you wade deeper and deeper into the untold mysteries of Brown's coarsing imagination.<br/><br/>I believe this book is stronger and better written than The Da Vinci Code. I also believe the subject matter is far weightier. The story definitely strikes a chord in a world that is driven more and more by technology. Like fellow writer Michael Crichton, Brown doesn't ask, "What can we do?" He asks, "What should we do?"<br/><br/>There has always been a conflict between religion and science. There always will be. Religion deals with articles of faith that by definition CANNOT be proven. Science deals with articles of fact that by definition MUST be proven. Brown shows us the danger when faith slips into fact leaving us starved for MEANING, even though we are filled with TRUTH.
 'Angels &amp; Demons' intorduces us to Robert Langdon, a professor of symbology. Langdon is quickly thrown into a mystery that involves a long 'dead' secret society and the Catholic church. Langdon is quickly whisked off to Sweden, and then Rome. Langdon must try to solve the mystery of this secret society, find a bomb set to destroy Vatican City, and win the girl all inn 24 hours.<br/>This book is a page turner. Once you get into the story I found it very hard to put down. The chapters are typically short, which seems to keep the plot moving. I didn't mind this, but have heard comments that it may annoy some readers.<br/>I found the race through Rome wonderful, and was constantly refering to my art history books to look up the art and architecture that is referenced throughout. This book doesn't take a lot of effort to read and I highly recommend it as a great summer read. That is unless you have a vacation planned with a lot of activities and site seeing.
 The first book by D. Brown I had ever read was The DaVinci Code.  I was rivited by the entire novel and couldn't wait to read A &amp; D which is Code's predecessor.  I was dissapointed.  The character developement was weak and shady at best, the emotions he tried to convey between his hero and heroine felt fake and forced.  The fiction portion took on huge leaps of imagination and some of the action portions were unbelievable, unless your a cartoon character.  Overall this book wasn't awful, but your best bet is to skip this one and go straight to The Code where he corrected most of what he did wrong in Angels and Demons.  Be warned that once you have read a plot line by Brown...the rest of his books follow the same pattern. One book by this author is all you will need or want.
 "Angels and Demons," although incredibly fast-paced and action-packed, lacks plausibility.  The protagonist, a Harvard symbologist whose intellect and intuition rival those of any figure in all of history, flies to Geneva to assist in the investigation of the murder of a renowned physicist (who also happens to be a Catholic priest).  Furthermore, the murder occurs at the global headquarters of everything scientific, or so the reader is led to believe, known as CERN.  The Harvard professor, Robert Langdon, is taken into a world of historical satanic cults, Vatican controversy, scientific breakthrough, and the classic aura of the "whodunit?" genre.<br/>Although absurdly implausible, Dan Brown manages to write this novel with his readers in mind.  I simply could not put it down.  I highly recommend that everyone reads this, so long as they do not intend to be blown away with historical fact and believability.  Final verdict: 4 well-earned stars.
 The Dan Brown of "Angels" is a far better writer that the hack who ground out "DaVinci Code," making me wonder if the real author got a little close to the conspiracy. . .Seriously, "Angels" is a fun read, and actually goes into some depth about Vatican history, Italian art and the tourist traps of Rome. The plot takes some nice twists, and pops some genuine surprises on the reader. Excellent villains as well. The only similarities to "Code" are the cardboard cutout heroine and convoluted conspiracy that stinks of anti-Catholic bigotry. Come on, if the Vatican were that powerful, there'd be no abortion clinics to picket or priest-abuse scandals to read about. Perhaps if Brown takes as much care with his next novel as he did with this one, he can regain his literary self-respect after the "DaVinci" farce.
 Sure there are cults, texts to decipher and Robert Langdon himself but that is about all it has in relation to Davinci Code. What made "Code" so successful was that the format in which it was written targeted an adult audience that has an attention span of more than 20 minutes! Angels and Demons starts off great with chapter after chapter that keeps you changing the page but then somewhere towards the middle Brown assuming that his audience has lost the attention span throws in a character similar to Indiana Jones! Langdon is not Indy,  and the situations he gets in are so ridiculous that the most novice reader realizes that they were situations just set up to keep the mediocre reader entertained! Brown is able to transport the reader to the setting of any given scene with his very discriptive presentation this alone is what makes the book interesting. This book is worth a read but dont be dissapointed if you dont find the material as equaly satisfing as DaVinci Code!
 I had the pleasure of reading this book before "The Da Vinci Code" due to it arriving in the mail a day earlier.  This story has better characters, a better story, and better puzzles.  I liked everything about this book.  It was thrilling, and the religious undertones were very interesting.  The killers were threatening and intimidating, and were quite brutal.  The character development was great.  People you liked at the begining, you hated at the end, and vice versa.<br/><br/>This is one of those books that you(yes, YOU) will have trouble putting down.  If you do not finish this in a weeks time, I would be shocked.<br/><br/>If you are checking out the authors other books before you read "the Da Vinci Code"(the more popular, for some reason) then I suggest you read this one first, as I did.  It also helps when you read "The Da Vinci Code", and things from this book are referenced in that book.  It comes full circle, and this is the place to start.
 Let me start off by saying that I enjoyed The Da Vinci Code very much. However, Angels And Demons was a major disappointment. Is it possible that Brown improved as a writer so much from the time period between writing Angels And Demons and The DaVinci Code? While The Da Vinci Code isn't the most well written book you're likely to read, it is one of the more compelling, interesting and exciting books you're likely to read. In contrast, Angels And Demons possesses none of these positive attributes. The plot moves along at much too slow a pace, the dialogue is unrealistic and stilted, and the characters are not developed well enough. These contrasts are puzzling to me since these two stories are very much alike. Perhaps I've just solved my own puzzlement -- that is, having read The Da Vinci Code first, I was bored with Angels And Demons because it's  essentially a much weaker version of essentially the same plot. Do yourself a favor if you haven't read The Da Vinci Code, go right out and get yourself a copy. BUT once you've read it and enjoyed it do NOT fall into the trap of wanting to read its prequel (Angels And Demons), as I did. Please learn from this reader's mistake. I'm sorry I read Angels and Demons not only because I didn't like it. But because it made me a bit uncertain about whether I want to read Dan Brown's next book -- i.e., which book is the fluke?
 OK if you've read the DaVinci code, you probably either liked it or hated it... it's a story that evokes a reaction either way.  This book (which, as a few seem to somehow have forgotten, is a PREQUEL to the DaVinci Code) in almost every respect trumps its sequel.<br/><br/>First, if you, in a religious fashion, were slighted or offended by what the DaVinci code offered, I can assure that that aspect, while still around in Angels and Demons, is in fact toned down quite a bit and more limited to better-documented historical facts (stuff you see on the history channel every week these days).<br/><br/>Second, the actual storytelling of this book is outstanding, and definitely kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the story - as it happened i became soaked one day as i read straight through the second third of the book outdoors, missing a few lectures at my university, as it began raining on top of me, and I didn't pay any mind until I was well-soaked and the book became a bit difficult to read as the paper became somewhat translucent...<br/><br/>To any who have not yet read the DaVinci Code, I can assure you that this is a very compelling and exciting read.  I know a few people who refused to read either because they heard on  Christian publications or radio programs that both of these works are to be avoided... I can only feel sorry and dissapointed for anyone who wouldn't allow themselves to be exposed to such great storytelling.
 It's hard to write about this book without comparing it to its more famous sibling, The Da Vinci Code, so I won't try!<br/><br/>Like The Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons book is a real page turner. It's written in exactly the same style, and also has a religious theme, but the subject matter is a bit more far-fetched than his more famous novel.<br/><br/>In this book, Robert Langdon is brought in to help with the mysterious death of an eminent scientist in Switzerland. What he discovers is a shock - that it's the handiwork of the Illuminati, a secret society aimed at bringing down the entire Catholic Church. What's the connection with an experimental scientist? Why is Langdon so important? What Langdon didn't expect when he woke up that day was to find himself in the company of a beautiful and mysterious Italian woman, racing against time to save the lives of thousands of people - and the fate of the whole Catholic Church! But there's more lurking in the dark catacombs and dusty archives of the Vatican than even Langdon could possibly imagine. All is revealed in the pages of this exciting novel until it reaches its spectacular conclusion. There are plenty of twists and turns - so that it keeps you guessing right up until the very last page. I literally couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>Most people seemed to have read The Da Vinci Code first and then gone back to this book, but they don't really need to be read in any particular order.<br/><br/>For those of you wanting to catch a glimpse of Langdon at work before his encounter with the mysterious Priory of Sion and Opus Dei, this is an essential companion and a right riveting read! And if you can't wait before seeing The Da Vinci Code movie, this is the perfect introduction. It wouldn't surprise me at all if Tom Hanks has already been lined up to star in the movie version of this one as well - I'm sure it'll be a box office smash.
 This book is actually the prequel to the Da Vinci Code, his recent bestseller.  The writing is wonderful, and the action comes at you in a blur. Brown is very adept at writing stories that move at an incredible pace.  This entire book takes place essentially in 24 hours.  The action is from the perspective of a Harvard symbol scholar named Robert Langdon.<br/>This is a book that is hard to put down.  The hook comes in the first few pages when Robert is called in the middle of the night about a murder of a scientist at a top secret Swiss thinktank.  This places him in the middle of terrorism and a plot by a once thought extinct group called the Illuminati who are out to destroy Vatican City and the Catholic Church.<br/>The action is great, reminiscent of Indiana Jones, and the plot keeps you on the edge throughout.  The only flaw is the theology used.  The way Brown weaves into the story a one-sided view of religion, Christianity in particular, mares an otherwise excellent effort.  One excellent point that was made within the story was that science cannot really answer any of the important questions about purpose and meaning.  To be fair, his not so subtle jabs at faith are mostly up front in the story and reflect the views of the lead character. That said, Brown seems to get all of his information on religion from atheists, conspiracy theorists, and pseudo-scholars. Other than the absurd and very flawed theological constructs he tries to weave into the story this is a well-written book and a blast to read.
 In Angels and Demons, Dan Brown presents a plot well suited to an action movie like Indiana Jones--  which is not a failing.  In the style of Clive Cussler or Tom Clancy, Brown leads you on a thrilling, heart-pounding ride through the streets of Rome.  I quite enjoyed most of it.<br/>Unfortunately, it has sveral flaws:<br/>*Firstly, it retreads (sometimes quite inaccurately) old ground.  The Illuminati may only be entering the mass public consciousness now, but stories about them and investigations into their real history are old hat.  Brown could have at least got a few more of the facts right.<br/>*Like a Tom Clancy novel, it liberally applies it's cliches.  Expect LOTS of them.<br/>*Lastly, and worst of all, it contains one horribly racist piece of ick.  The one Arabian character in the story is protrayed as a bestial assassin, overcome with urges to kill and have sex.  Worse yet, the author spares no attempt to use every euthamism (from "heathen" to "barb-ARABian") to denegrate this character.  Heck, we never even learn his name.  He is a cardboard cut-out villain playing on simple xenophobia.  It is a great disservice that an otherwise quite interesting book sunk this low.
 Like a lot of other people, i read this book after The Da Vinci Code. I really like the way that Dan Brown tells a story. And in this series, the mixing of actual historical information makes the story that much more interesting. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because Dan Brown is still feeling around and trying different things out. He doesn't find his "groove" until about half-way through.<br/><br/>The book starts off kind of slow, but not in an awful way. Dan Brown takes some time to acquaint you with his protaganist, which makes sense. For me, the story plodded along, with some interesting things happening, but nothing wild until about 200 pages or so in. That may seem like a lot, and I'm not saying that the beginning is boring, but it really picks up steam after that. I kept myself up until the wee hours of the morning trying to finish this book, and when that didn't work, I spent the majority of the next day finishing it off.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has a superb ability to keep you hooked and guessing until the very last pages, and this is by no means an exception. Definitely a recommended read for any Da Vinci fans, and if you're not, it's still a really good story.
 If you really look at it, this novel is ridiculous. The sheer lunacy of creating a cocktail of the papacy, half-crazed wheelchair scientists, massive explosions from antimatter, secret underground research, ancient illuminati secrets... you have to be a moron to accept it all. Well, I am a moron, and I loved it! (I also liked <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Rozabal-Line/dp/1430327545/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Rozabal Line</a> which talked about an Illuminati conspiracy to destabilize the Church, just like Angles &amp; Demons). In fact, I was unable to put down this book and was compelled to read it at a stretch over the better part of a day... preferred it to <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/1400079179/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>. Do not read this book for enlightenment. Read it for enjoyment!
 Having read and enjoyed The Da Vinci Code, I decided to investigate Dan Brown's previous works. My first choice was Angels and Demons and the similarities between both works are glaring, to put it mildly. Don't get me wrong, it's quite an enjoyable page turner (although at times I felt like throwing the book against the wall and screaming "ENOUGH!"), but the story stretches credibility to the breaking point. Like Da Vinci Code, Brown is very informative about Christianity and you do learn a great deal that you might not have known before - like the origins of that strange pyramid on the back of a dollar bill. Another plus is the very interesting plot twists at the end of the book that make reading it worthwhile.
 This is a great book . It was written by a very good writer. His name is Dan Brown. I liked the novel very much. I enjoyed the movie with Tom Hanks. The novels is about a plot against the catholic church by an ancient secret group. They want to blow up the Vatican. Why would anyone want to do that ? Thank god for the heroes that try to stop this villans!<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons/dp/0743486226/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons</a>
 As are the other Dan Brown novels I have read, ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is an amalgamation of James Bond and Indiana Jones motifs, leaning perhaps more heavily toward the latter.  And, as with the other novels, this one is characterized by non-stop action from beginning to end.  Brown's novels are, without doubt, the best possible examples of "page-turners" in modern fictional literature.<br/><br/>Brown is also adept at leading his readers to false conclusions, for those characters who appear the most likely rogues turn out to have been true and steadfast after all, while the one who appears to be the emerging hero is, at the conclusion, unveiled as the penultimate villain.  Yet this observation is an oversimplification, for the villainy itself is seen to have resulted from a most unpredictable happenstance, and nothing is quite as black and white as it appeared.<br/><br/>ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is especially enjoyable for the great irony that comes to light in its final few chapters, mankind's spiritual faith having been magnificently uplifted as the result of a spurious, clandestine, malevolent plot.  I wonder if this might also be interpreted as an insightful commentary on the gullibility of the masses?<br/><br/>One thing about any fictional work that I must experience if I am to enjoy the reading experience fully is the ability to believe in its vicarious veracity.  By this, I mean that, although I know that I am experiencing fiction, I must be able to set aside my disbelief and feel that the story is "real" while I, as the reader, am part of it.  Details that jar me back into my own reality weaken the hold that story has on me.  Unfortunately, ANGELS &amp; DEMONS has several such "potholes" in its narrative:<br/><br/>When our assassin's thoughts are quoted as "They have chosen wisely," our own thoughts fly away from the novel directly to the old knight in the Indiana Jones movie THE LAST CRUSADE, of whose speech this is a very close paraphrase.  (Another Brown novel paraphrases the knight's other comment that one has chosen poorly.)<br/><br/>When Maximilian Kohler is described as being "disinterested" in winning any hospitality awards, the reader is bruised and battered by Brown's (and his proofreaders') ignorance of English grammar.  "Disinterested" is not synonymous with "uninterested" and denotes a thoroughly different meaning, which in totally illogical in this context.  What is the significance of one error of this sort in a 569-page book?  It is one error that should not have been there!<br/><br/>An equally grave grammatical faux pas exists in chapter 87, when the camerlengo says, "Have both he  sic] and his camera-woman meet me outside the Sistine Chapel."  This is the sort of foolish error that pervades freshman essays, not published novels!<br/><br/>At one point, Brown has his academic professorial protagonist, Robert Langdon, state that multiple faiths carry similar requirements and penalties, including condemnation to hell, and he specifically mentions the Bible, the Koran, and Buddhist scripture.  A slight problem arises in that Buddhist scripture does not envision consignment of lost souls to any sort of hell as Christianity envisions it.  Such a gaffe destroys the reader's belief in Langdon as a proficient academician, contrary to Brown's intent.<br/><br/>There are more examples like these, but let's jump to the most astounding situation of all, one that absolutely destroys every vestige of virtual reality that the story may retain, Langdon's jumping from a helicopter thousands of feet in the air, holding on to a windshield-covering tarp with nothing but the muscles in his hands, and actually surviving his fall into the Tiber River.  Now, I'm willing to go to great lengths to maintain the fiction in my mind and to enjoy the continuing story as if it were indeed reality. However, this nonsense is so far beyond anything that could conceivably happen in real life that suspending disbelief is no longer possible.  Thank goodness this occurs near the end of the novel, or I would probably have tossed the whole ridiculous thing in the trash then and there.<br/><br/>In brief, the novel generally provides a spell-binding mystery amidst swashbuckling adventure.  Most parts of it are a fun and an entertainingly distracting read.  Now and then, however, errors and thoroughly unbelievable situations rudely interrupt the fantasy, disappointingly destroying the vicarious reality of the story.  Fun it is; great literature it is not.
 The strength of the book is the fast pace and suspense. The weakness is that several of the actions are just not credible. I don't want to spoil the suspense for anyone who has not yet read the book, but watch out for the helicopter. As is the case with may books of this type, the hero seems to aquire authority and access to area and information which goes well beyond my ability to suspend disbelief. I'm giving it three stars because I did enjoy reading it (Far more than three other Dan Brown book I've read: The Da Vinci Code, Deception Point, and Digital Fortress),<br/>so, to say I liked it is accurate.
 I started reading this book when the power went off during an ice storm; I lit all the candles in my apartment and read 250 pages in a single night. When my power was restored the next day, I cut the lights off again and finished the book by candlelight. Once you start reading this book, you will not be able to put it down.<br/>Nearly every review I read about this book applauded the author for his plot twists, the book's basis in factual information, and its quick pace. While I enjoyed every single one of these strengths, I especially appreciated Dan Brown's excellent presentation of the conflict between science and religion. As a scientist trying to resolve these two aspects of his life, Angels and Demons provided some excellent food for thought in a very entertaining package.
 There are, I think, two types of reviews for this book.  One type is comprised of scathing rants about the mistakes Brown has made and the rather poor quality of his research.  They also, on occasion, point out the flatness of his prose and the two-dimensional characters who speak it.<br/><br/>The other review is an excited exclamation of wonder about all the wonderful facts in the books.<br/><br/>I agree fully with all the criticism put forth in the first group of reviews.  The Italian is often incorrect, the prose leaves much to be desired, the characters are cardboard-cutouts and much of the plot is simply unbelievable.  Ladies and Gentlemen, do not jump out of helicopters with nothing but a small piece of cloth and expect to survive the adventure.<br/><br/>Yet, I give this book 4 stars.  Despite it's mistakes and problems, it does entice the reader and keep him/her flipping excitedly until the end.  And while these books are not intellectual or even well-researched, they are fun and accessible.  Umberto Eco may be a genius of a writer, but that doesn't help much when one feels that he/she needs 5 dictionaries (English-English, French-English, Spanish-English, Italian-English, and Latin-English)just to plow through "The Name of the Rose", which is, at its core, just another Sherlock Holmes story.  There are many details that Brown gets wrong, certainly, but he also brings up a few very interesting topics and gives brief overviews.  For more information, one can always do more research.  For plain old entertainment, I'd recommend Dan Brown's books.
 Page-turner...  Will keep you up late at night...  Can't put it down...  Fast paced...  More than worth the money...  How books should be written...  In this book, Dan Brown displays his talents more than in any of his other books.  You absolutely must read this book before reading Davinci Code.  This book should have been the one made into a movie.  You will see a master writer in every page.  You finish this book wondering what the hell is going on in Mr. Brown's life that possessed him to write this book.  It's clever, intelligent, thrilling, and thought provoking.  This is a book that will stay with you long after you've finished it.  Others criticize the ending, but when a book is this good, any ending to it will be hard to accept, because you want it to keep going.  We are lucky enough that Mr. Brown does keep it going with more books in the series...Davinci.
 I actually picked this up because I couldn't yet get my hands on "The DaVinci Code," and decided to read them in order. (Having started the latter now, I do actually recommend reading them in order as there seem to be a few allusions to the former.)<br/>Yes, there are bombastic pontificating soliloquies on the intersections of science and religion, but they were well-written and I appreciated them as thought-provoking and character-developing at the same time. The descriptions of Rome and of major works of art were beautiful, and the use of symbols and (for the most part) historical fact left me in awe of how much research the author must have done, not to mention how much information he crafted coherently into just over 500 pages.<br/>So, why 4 stars instead of 5? Because it all tied up too neatly in the end. It all felt so original until about 45 pages from the end... and then it all tied up, in the way I had originally thought it might when I was 50 pages into it. But still, it was engrossing and completely enjoyable.
 This book is AMAZING! Dan Brown is now my new literary god! I dont care what the controversy is about him and his books, the bottom line is that the books are FICTION, and that is what people should take into account. He uses ?historical facts? and runs with them: Many movies are the same way, they use real elements and run with them.<br/><br/>The only thing that kept me from giving it 5 Stars is that it is almost the same Design as The Da Vinci Code. He got away with it because, for lack of a better description, Angels and Demons was a Flop. He didnt become a household name until Da Vinci. Langdon is there, the beautiful granddaughter/female sidekick/intelligent female is there, the religious, or anit-religious symbology, the secret society, the trail through Europe, the tough as nails cop, and so on....<br/><br/>Other than that it was SUPERB. When reading it, seperate it from the Da Vinci Code and take it as a different work and u will enjoy it.
 I was given this book a few years ago by my friend's mother and I remember being told how terrific the story was. I had no idea that last week when I opened it and grazed Brown's words with my eyes what a fascinating journey it would be.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons introduces us to Robert Langdon, a symbologist from Harvard who is called in by people from CERN, a scientific research center ran by the Swiss, which had its hands in many ground breaking discoveries. Langdon is summoned to help and figure out a death of Leonardo Vetra who has discovered and reenacted the equivalent of the Big Bang in his lab, producing the opposite of matter; the antimatter. Vetra has been murdered and branded with an Illuminati brand, a field that Robert was somewhat of an expert in. The Illuminati as we learn were all for Science, with secret customs and famous people in its ranks and they were against the church because the church has punished and killed them for revealing truths about science that explained things which they preached were God's doing hundreds of years ago. They get their hands on the antimatter that Vetra produced and they have hidden it somewhere in the Vatican, the only problem is that in 12 hours the magnets keeping the highly explosive and erratic antimatter would have ceased to hold it suspended, blowing up the whole Vatican and taking all the people there, gathered for electing a new Pope with it.<br/><br/>I thought that the science in this book was so profound, refreshing and intensely interesting that I couldn't get my hands of the book. It was also clearly written in order to entice the reader; it was not a computer manual that you feed into a machine. All the facts were very eye opening and enriching to my brain and soul.<br/><br/> What was amazing about this story was the fact that Science and God were going head to head, indeed a battle of ancient titans as each side was woven through characters that stood on the opposite sides. I have seen movies about mad priests, and evil cardinals but I have never read a book so engrossing and so in-depth revealing of secrets and way of the Vatican.  As I traveled with Langdon through his amazing journey through Rome's catacombs, churches, hidden crypts, raided sarcophaguses and peered into sacred Vatican vaults where hand written parts of the bible, Galileo's works and treasures from beginning of man kind laid hidden until the pages of this book revealed them to me. Langdon has embarked on a mission to find the sacred Illuminati church in order to try and literally save the world, but the question is; can he do it, do the ancient riddles have the answers and can he do it in time?<br/><br/>I can't say more, because this is not a story that can be spoiled, but the ending was building up from the last 100 pages and each twist and turn proved to be more dynamic, intense and fiery than my mind could handle. I think the diabolical revelations were crème of the crop for this story and it really ended up to meet if not exceed my expectations. I can't wait to read Da Vinci Code next. I'm all ready hungry for more of Brown's enticing words and if you like good tales that grasp you by your eye balls then this is one of them.<br/><br/>Enjoy!
 Angles and Demons is a fast paced, conspiracy theory, thriller. It's nothing those of you who can see the fnords haven't already heard, but is still an entertaining read. While I found it to be rather predictable and formulaic, I still stayed up until 2am reading it, which is a good thing.<br/><br/>The Illuminati, the Catholic Church, two very attractive main characters, plot twists and turns, a super assassin who can't tie knots, essentially, all the elements you need to keep your audience turning pages. Successful? You bet.<br/><br/>While I wouldn't put Dan Brown on my list of favorite authors, I will admit, the man can write a page turner, and while his work isn't anything new and exciting, it does enable you to lose yourself in another world, which is something I look for in a book.<br/><br/>I suppose that now I will have to read "The Da Vinci Code", though I must admit, I have been avoiding it. It may sound snobbish, but usually, when so many people who never read praise a book so highly, I am instantly wary. Too many bad experiences, I guess. Luckily, I am still on a book purchasing hiatus (until I read more of the books I already own) so I have some time before picking up the latest and greatest Dan Brown "Thrill ride of the Summer."<br/><br/>To go off on a tangent, that is pretty much how his books feel to me, like summer blockbuster movies, which is probably why they are so widely read and enjoyed. I guess anything that gets people to read is a good thing, but I can't get over a nagging feeling that there is something just not right about summer blockbuster books. Oh well, I did just turn 28, so I am probably just being old fashioned.
 Being a Catholic, I enjoyed the Da Vinci Code very much (the Mary Magdalene theory is fascinating to me) and when I learned that Dan Brown had actually written an earlier book featuring his hero, art history professor Robert Langdon, I knew I had to track it down.  Well, due to the popularity of The Da Vinci Code, it was not hard:  I found a mountain of Brown's books at Price Club!<br/>Now that I've read both Langdon books I can declare that Angels and Demons is the better of the two!  It's a richer story about a mad plot to destroy the Catholic Church by killing the Cardinals of Rome and annihilating Vatican City itself!  Plus it's a better-written thriller which established a formula that was re-used in The Da Vinci Code.<br/>I could NOT put it down.
 I enjoyed this book even more than Da Vinci Code, which I read first and then quickly picked up this previous title of this same author. Although both are enjoyable reads, this one has an even more gripping and accessible storyline. In this tale of a powerful extremist inter-generational scientific underground terrorist organization known as the Illuminati and its terrorist attack plan on the Vatican, stronghold of the Catholic Church, a specialist on religion and his murdered colleague's daughter must locate the explosive antimatter planted by the terrorists... before it's too late. This is a very action-packed story, highly recommended.<br/>David Rehak<br/>author of "Love and Madness"
 i chose this book because i had read Dan Brown's other book The Da Vince Code, which i chose based on its reputation. Angels and Demons is a fast-paced novel about a harvard symbologist who is called to solve the mystery of the death of Leonardo Vetra. Vetra was murdered by an ancient symbol seared onto his chest by a cult, the Illuminati, thought to have disappeared long ago. Leonardo had invented a machine that created matter. However, whenever matter is created, so is a substance called antimatter. Antimatter has 10 times the power of a nuclear warhead when it comes into contact with matter, even oxygen. The Illuminati stole the antimatter and placed it under Vatican City during the Holy Conclave. With the help of Vittoria Vetra, Leonardo's daughter, Langdon follows hidden clues in cathedrals and monuments of Rome to find the hidden lair of the Illuminati. Furthermore, the Illuminati captured four catholic officials and planned to kill each along the Illuminati path.<br/><br/>This novel exceeded my expectations. It was a fun read that was fast-paced and frightening at the same time. I believe that one of the more fascinating elements of this novel were the Illuminati symbols seared on the chests of the victims. The elements earth, fire, air, and water were each reproduced so that they read the same upside-down as right-side-up. Another thing i enjoyed about this novel is that it can be a great read for every age. Teenagers as well as adults would find this novel fun and unpredictable.
 Angels and Demons is one suspense packed thriller that you just can't put down!  Dan Brown has managed to combine The Vatican, the secret brotherhood of the Illuminati, murder, assassins, the Swiss research facility - CERN, a Harvard symbologist, stolen antimatter, a dead priest / physicist's  daughter who helped develop the antimatter, the Swiss Guard, and super high  speed aircraft, (from Boston to Switzerland in 1 hour! ) all in a race  against time.<br/>This book is riveting, as the plot thickens and intensifies  and I found myself "peeking" into the next chapter - something I NEVER do!  The suspense was too much - but excellent!  I just could not put this book  down and had to let everything fall around me as I raced to finish all 430  pages!  The ending will blow you totally away - and just when you think  you had it all figured out - It will stun you!<br/>I found the history of  the Vatican, the information on the conclave in electing a pope, as well as  all of the history, combined with the history of the Illuminati totally  fascinating.  My interest never waned throughout this fast-paced,  compelling story.  I really don't want to retell the story, as you can read  it in the above editorial review.<br/>Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor  of religious iconology and Vittoria Vetra, a physicist are in a race  against time to save Vatican City from a diabolical plot - revenge and  hatred from the ancient brotherhood of the Illuminati against the Catholic  Church.  With the Pope murdered, the four favored bishops are found missing  from the conclave.  At precise intervals, the Illuminati inform the Vatican  that the bishops will be murdered.  It is up to Langdon and Vittoria to try  and figure out the "clues" from the Illuminati and save the bishops. But  not only are they trying to save the bishops, they are also trying to save  the entire Vatican, as stolen antimatter is hidden somewhere inside the  Vatican.  Time is also running out as the antimatter has the capacity to  level the entire city.  Antimatter "is the most powerful energy source  known to man.  A single gram of antimatter contains the energy of a  20-kilotin nuclear bomb - the size of the bomb dropped on Hiroshima."<br/>You  will find this book totally fascinating and incredibly compelling.  You  easily get caught up in the story and with the factual basis of the battle  between science and religion.  Dan Brown had managed to interweave the two  into one non-stop thriller that will take your breath away.<br/>Check out  his website as well - very interesting.
 I tried to like this, but I just didn't. The premise was really interesting and considering how successful THE DA VINCI CODE was, I wanted to see what it was all about. I found the book to be pretty interesting for the first 100 pages probably, and some of the action scenes were pretty good (except for the unbelievable unrealistic helicopter scene toward the end), but it fell short for me. A large part of it was probably that I'm not familiar with the concepts and clues that Robert Langdon was searching for, and even with some explaining they still meant nothing to me. The book divulged into religion too deeply for my taste (although I'm not sure what I was expecting?), which pushed me away. The Robert Landon series all sound like they'd be good books, but I can't force myself to go on any further after the first. I did try to watch THE DA VINCI CODE movie, which I didn't like either, so I guess it's not meant to be for me. I was hoping I could get into it, but I just can't.
 I went to Italy a few years ago and my friend and I were sitting in the Sistine Chapel listening to the tour guide and he could not stop talking about this book. So I finally told him I would read the book when I got home. And I did. I have to admit the book is AMAZING!! If you have ever been to Italy, it actually makes the book all the more incredible and if you haven't ever been there then you just have to go and see all the sites! Last summer, after reading the book and forcing my friend to--she actually read it during her brother's graduation!--we actually convinced my tour group to go to Castel Sant'Angelo and it is absolutely amazing!! But the book is great too (and clearly it has the best setting ever!). Full of action and art history, thrilling mystery and fiction, of course. I've never actually read any of Dan Brown's other books, so I can't compare them, but it's a great book!
 As I write this, the book is listed within the top 25 selling books on Amazon. It has close to 1300 reviews. And it was written 4 years ago.<br/><br/>My opinion will hardly change your mind.<br/><br/>I read this after reading De Vinci, and I am glad too. Sure this takes place before De Vinci, but after the (very minor) let down of De Vinci when it came to the end, this book was the complete opposite. To the last chapter of the book, it had be stuck on it. I enjoyed this more than De Vinci, and with good reason. The book didn't get stuck on the same repeating themes that De Vinci did. This one was more entertaining, and, albeit a less believeable story, was just plain better. It isn't so much the story itself, but the way it was written. De Vinci's story was good, but it had too many repeated themes. This one was much more original as far as themes repeating, it didn't have some of the same lines over and over. So yeah, just like read it and stuff.
 Last night I rented "The Hulk" on DVD. During the movie we learn that Bruce Banner's crazy father genetically engineers him to be different, although we're not quite sure how. He later murders his mother when Bruce is 4 and is sent to prison, with Bruce winding up in Foster care. Later we discover that Bruce has followed, coincidentally, in his father's footsteps and become a scientist and, also coincidentally, winds up working along side the daughter of his fathers worst enemy studying the same thing his father did in days of yore. After being exposed to Gamma rays, and in connection with the early tinkering Dad did, Bruce quintuples in size and turns green while always losing all of his clothes and shoes except, Thank God, his pants. Later we find the Hulk doing battle with half of the US military and in one scene he grabs a sidewinder missle out of the air, rips off the warhead with his teeth and spits it onto a chasing helocopter causing it to crash. In addition to that he jumps on top of an F-18 fighter jet in flight and hangs on into the stratosphere, finally letting go only to plummet 60 or 70,000 feet into San Francisco Bay unscathed. He, incredibly, alludes all of his enemies in the end, particularly his father, and winds up tending to the basic medical needs of impoverished villagers in the jungles of Central America.<br/>The point here is that compared to Angels and Demons the Hulk is completely plausible. The paperback has 568 pages and I think there's an implausability on EVERY PAGE. Much like the Hulk...it's kind of fun! I definitely did get caught up in it and it certainly moves at a quick pace. My problem is that the Hulk is a COMIC BOOK and thus automatically one expects to have to suspend disbelief. Angels &amp; Demons is perporting to be more and that's where I guess my problem with it lays. Much of the history here, particularly the Art History, is really fascinating...but this goofy story! The author seems to me to be interested in James Bond goes to Peyton Place and the last 100 pages or so were SO preposterous and over the top that I thought,on several occasions, that I was going to throw the book across the room. The real question is...why does this bother me? I liked the Hulk! It was really alot of fun. I guess I have a different standard for literature than for movies and I just found the myriad of implausablities in this book to be almost insulting. I long for books that express some truth about how people think and feel, because often I can see myself a little better as a result. There's not much room for that possiblity in this book. Sorry.
 Dan Brown has the capacity to select and delve into themes that are highly relevant and challenging. When you are finished reading you have some good curiosities and questions.I love that and that is the reason for the 3 stars.<br/>On the other end he wants to make box office movies. So it ends up with 2-dimensional plots and characters.<br/>In this sense A&amp;D is a lot worse than the Da Vinci Code. None of the characters makes much sense. Some of the action is so unbelievable, it hurts.<br/>As an Italian, born and raised in Rome, I have 2 culture specific comments:<br/>1- Most (90%+) of italian terms and expressions are wrong. Mispelled, wrong words, words that do not exist, words taken from other languages, english expressions that seem to have been translated by web based automated tools...<br/>It does not help; in fact it detracts from my reader trust in the seriousness of Brown's research.<br/>In fact I find hard to imagine that he, obviously not knowing much of the language, could or would not find a friend (or his publisher find a buck or two) to have the stuff checked and corrected.<br/>2- (this has to do with national pride). Smell of urine in dark corners is a fact of large cities not just Rome; while it is true that coffee bars in Rome greatly outnumber public restrooms it is as true, and locals know it Mr. Brown doesn't, that every single one of those bars (or for that matter, any other food service establishment in any italian city), BY LAW has to have functioning restrooms AVAILABLE to the PUBLIC whether people consume at the establishment or not.<br/>All in all, keep going Dan. Just forget movie scripts, will you?<br/>PS: If you do not have an Italian friend, I'll do the work for the next book...
 I imagine many readers of Dan Brown's "Angels and Demons" first heard of CERN (the European Organization for Nuclear Research) through the book. I, on the other hand, actually first heard of "Angels and Demons" through CERN. After I was hired for a summer job at CERN, I spent some time exploring their Web site. I quickly found a very long page in which they attempt to correct many of the errors about the lab (and physics in general) contained in "Angels and Demons". When I got to Europe and saw "Angels and Demons" on the top of all the bestseller lists (above even "The Da Vinci Code"), I knew I had to read it.<br/><br/>What I found was a mixed bag at best. The plot (if the word can be used) is basically identical to that of "The Da Vinci Code": Harvard art history professor-cum-action hero Robert Langdon is summoned to the scene of a brutal murder to interpret mysterious symbols left on the victim's body. Teaming up with the young, attractive, resourceful, bereaved female relative of the deceased, he must follow a string of cryptic clues to unearth an ancient conspiracy, solve the mystery and save the day within a matter of hours. As in "The Da Vinci Code", there is a character (if the word can be used) so obviously guilty he has to be innocent, and a character so obviously innocent he has to be guilty. The requisite final plot twist is so sharp you can see it coming from chapter 8 (of 137). In short, "Angels and Demons" is a cheesy thriller with formulaic writing and stereotyped characters so thin a light breeze would blow them away.<br/><br/>Not that there's anything necessarily wrong with that. Brown clearly did not attempt to make a great work of literature when he wrote "Angels and Demons". His goal was a cheap crowd-pleasing hack and, judging by the other reviews, he's basically succeeded. Just because a novel is trashy doesn't mean that it can't be entertaining.<br/><br/>However, there's a bigger problem than Brown's plot, characters and clumsy writing: his claim that (at least some of) the information in "Angels and Demons" is factual. Let's consider only the page labelled "FACT" (Brown's capitals), in which Brown claims that "CERN recently succeeded in producing the first particles of antimatter". Even ignoring the fact that antimatter has been around since the beginning of the universe, he's still dead wrong: antimatter was first experimentally observed and produced over 70 years ago, decades before CERN was founded. On the same page, Brown claims that antimatter is "the most powerful energy source known to man", which is simply ridiculous - antimatter isn't an energy source at all (very far from it). His then asks whether antimatter will save the world or destroy it, a nonsensical question. It will do neither, because it cannot do either. Had Brown gone through the trouble of looking up "antimatter" in an encyclopedia, he could have saved himself a good deal of embarrassment.<br/><br/>The nonsense doesn't stop when the fiction officially starts, either. Brown's description of CERN is so far from reality that I found it absolutely hilarious. Imagine reading about X-33 spaceplanes, "ultramodern structure s] of glass and steel", a "free fall tube... for stress relief", and grounds that "looked like an Ivy League campus" while sitting in a sweltering office (CERN considers air conditioning an unjustifiable luxury) with four desks crammed into it (without even the benefit of cubicles) in a building that (like most at CERN) could best be described as somewhere in between a trailer and a warehouse situated in what is essentially an industrial site. I couldn't help but simply laugh out loud at Brown's bizarre fantasy. All of this would be harmless, of course, were it not for the fact that CERN actually exists and is very different from Brown's invention.<br/><br/>Of course, CERN, physics, and science are not the only things Brown gets wrong (they're just what I know best). Others have written about how he freely redraws the map of Rome (all the while claiming "References to all works of art, tombs, tunnels, and architecture in Rome are entirely factual (as are their exact locations)"). Still others have written about his many errors relating to Catholic ritual, Papal conclave, Switzerland and history in general. Some of Brown's mistakes can only be described as bizarre. Take for instance his claim that Christian Holy Communion is based on Aztec rituals or his apparent belief that canonization is a routine procedure for junior priests. As recent scandals have clearly demonstrated, not all priests are saints.<br/><br/>In light of all these factual errors, I hope (for his own sake) that Brown's claims to do research for his books are lies. It's one thing for an author to make mistakes in a trashy novel he pulls out of his nether regions. But it would be truly pathetic if Brown actually does the rigorous research he claims and still manages to screw up so often and so spectacularly.<br/><br/>Go ahead and read "Angels and Demons" - who knows, you may enjoy it. Just be careful not to trust a single "FACT" it contains.
 Just finished reading this incredibly interesting book. If you have an interest in history and art, this book will capture your imagination from start to finish. Now I cannot wait to read the remaining Dan Brown books in this series. Highly recommended!
 This book was intriguing and page turning. I never read a book that made me want to read till two in the morning. Reading this fast pace story made me want to visit Rome and see the Sistine chapel and explore all the churches. This story also has a combination of art, mystery, and science and religion. There was also times where I wanted to know what was fiction and nonfiction as well.
 How great was Rocky?  Then Rocky 2 came out and it wasn't quite the same. Isn't that true for the most part? Nothing's like the original.  Well, its reverse for the Dan Brown novel Angels and Demons. It actually precludes his best selling and very enjoyable Da Vinci Code (see my review).  The Da Vinci Code had a great fast paced plot as well as historical tidbits that made me want to do some research.  Angels and Demons has a weak plot and lags in many places. His "historical items" center around the Illuminati, a scientific anti-Church group.  They rise again to attack the Church in the setting of modern Rome  Brown could have had some great science vs. religion debate included in his novel but the dialogue falls short.<br/>Brown's novel is plagued with "Harry Potter virus". Like Potter's author Rowlings,  Brown had one great book but  his other works hasn't been able to capture the success of the best seller.
 I enjoyed this book in 2004 when Pope John Paul II was dying. Reading this book helped me understand the Pope selection process as it was actually happening. I like the Brown weaves a story with details and specifics which inform you about the topic he has chosen.  I did not like the film but I enjoyed the fact that Imagine tried to capture  the feeling of the book.  I just don't buy Tom Hanks as Langston!
 The formula of this book is absolutely identical to the one the author perfected in the Da Vinci Code. A mistery, a secret society, a big plot of world domination, a trail of secret signs in a big city. The most important diference is that, if in the Da Vinci Code we were talking about Paris, here the city is Rome. It is good fun, but once you have read one of them, and the probability is that you read first the Da Vinci Code, the other one sound a bit repetitive. Also the "physics" part of the plot is not that interesting because it navigates through weird concepts and builds up an image of scientists that is totally out of any reality imaginable. Anyway, it is a good weekend read.
 I have to admit, until the DaVinci Code, I have never heard of Dan Brown.  Since I only buy my books in paperback, I decided to give Angles and Demons a try.  Now, after having finished, I am glad I did!<br/>Angles and Demons gets off on a good pace.  There is a mysterious murder, in which the body has an unsual symbol branded upon the chest.  A Havard Symboligist is called in to investigate the situation.  After the first couple of chapters, Angles and Demons slows down a little and I senced I was getting a little bored.  However, Dan Brown quickly picks up pace and were off on a thrilling roller coaster ride.<br/>Shortly, I was unable to put the book down and was rivited through the end.  Generally, I find most authors now days are unable to really complete their books with good endings and I often finish feeling cheated.  However, Dan Brown throws in a unique twist and keeps the action going.  When I finished the book my first thought was, "wow this was damn good" and my second thought was, "I need more".  This of course is the sign of a good book!<br/>Dan Brown does an excellent job in describing the details of Rome, the papacy and keeps the story alive with stunning details and entertaining dialog.  He is quite capable of stretching reality, but not far enough that it loses touch with reality either.<br/>I was deeply impressed and seeing how long the Da Vinci Code has been on the best sellers lists, I cannot wait to read it as well.  But, my next book for now will be Deception Point by Dan Brown.  If your looking for a good book which will keep you on your toes, this is the book for you!
 I thoroughly enjoyed 'Angels &amp; Demons', and would recommend it as a good read.  It's a gripping novel, with a rich plot and strong characterization.  I'm no conspiracy buff myself, but I must admit I was intrigued by the subject matter of ancient brotherhoods, betrayals and bloody vendettas, and I really admire the way Dan Brown mixes historical fact with conspiracy-theory speculation.<br/><br/>However, as I read this novel, I couldn't help but feel that the plot was somewhat predictable. Maybe this is because I read 'The Da Vinci Code' (TDVC) a short while back: the two plots are virtually identical.  In that novel we have a world-renowned expert in an obscure field, at a prestigious institution, who is brutally murdered in what appears to be a ritualistic manner.  His protege daughter and Rob Langdon unravel the clues and symbols. There is betrayal from a trusted ally, a mysterious man yielding immense power and a lackey who is tricked into doing the dirty work. Now if that doesn't also sound like the plot for 'Angels &amp; Demons' then I don't know what does!<br/><br/>I saw all of the twists and revelations coming and this did take some of the enjoyment away. Even if you haven't read any of Dan Brown's other novels, I still think you would be able to predict the plot because the pointers are too crude. For example, the identity of Janus is obvious from the moment Rob Langdon reminds us that this is the name of the two-faced Roman God: we know a huge betrayal from a man of God is around the corner.<br/><br/>My last criticism - which equally applies to TDVC - is that Dan Brown likes to weave Italian (French in TDVC) into the speech of all the Italian-speaking characters.  Personally, I find this a little off-putting because it has the effect of turning the characters into Inspector-Clousseau-type caricatures.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, this novel is definitely worth a read!
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Angel-Hunter/dp/1595072160/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Angel Hunter</a><br/>I don't understand the critics who insist on fiction mirroring reality. I read fiction for exactly that reason: it's not reality. That's what makes it fun. This is a great work of FICTION. When I was in Rome last year, I asked our guide about Angels&amp;Demons. She laughed and said, "every tourist has some question about that book when they come to Roma." If you just sit back and allow Dan Brown to take you on this adventure with Robert Langdon, and not look for contradictions with what's real, I am very sure you will at least find it a pleasurable read.  It is also a great prelude to `The Da Vinci Code' if you have not read it.
 "Angels and Demons" is a phenomenal fictional piece of literature.  It tells the story of a Harvard symbologist and his adventure in trying to stop a disaster from happening in the Vatican City.  It taps the lay knowledge people may have of Rome, the Vatican, and science, and creates a wonderfully intriguing book.<br/><br/>Some people may read this book and be disappointed in the scientfic, religious, or historical inaccuracies that may escape the common reader.  However, I must say that is book is not a historical account of anything!  That's why it's in the "Fiction" section of libraries and bookstores!  Take this book at face value and it will be exhilarating.  Try nitpicking the story for facts and you'll be thoroughly disappointed.  The choice is the readers.<br/><br/>Overall, this book can be read in about 4 or 5 nights or 1 good reading weekend.  It is enthralling as a fictional piece and can be read even after reading "Da Vinci Code".
 If you liked the Da Vinci Code, you will love this book also. It has a great conspiracy, this time concerning the Illuminati, lots of artistic and historical detail, and also features Robert Langdon, the intrepid art historian from Cambridge.<br/> Summoned to Switzerland by a strange fax he receives in the middle of the night from the director of CERN, Langdon learns of the murder of Leonardo Vetra, one of CERN's brilliant scientists, who had been working with his daughter, Victoria, on a way to harness anti-matter. Antimatter has astonishing characteristics; a tiny sample about the size of a grain of sand is hypothesized to hold "as much energy as about two hundred metric tons of rocket fuel." They have succeeded in suspending the violent substance in a vacuum.  They learn to their horror that a vial of it has been stolen and hidden in the Vatican; it will explode when the battery pack keeping the material suspended runs out. There seems to be a conspiracy of Illuminati supporters to destroy the church.  The pope has just died (killed as we later learn - I'll try not to give away too much), and the cardinals have all been called together to elect a new pope.<br/> The Illuminati were supposedly a group of science-minded rationalists who abhorred the church's spiritual basis for reality, hence their desire to obliterate the church. (If I told you what was really going on, it would ruin the suspense, of course.)  Supposedly, Italy's most enlightened men of the sixteenth century, physicists, astronomers, and mathematicians banded together to share their concerns about the inaccuracies of the church's teachings.  "They feared that the church's monopoly on 'truth' threatened academic enlightenment around the world.  They founded the world's first scientific think tank, calling themselves `the enlightened ones,' " i.e., the Illuminati.  Hunted by the church, they were forced to maintain extreme secrecy, but they spread the word through codes and messages and met regularly at a secret location called the Church of Illumination. Lucifer, in Latin, means bringer of light or illuminator.<br/> There is some interesting history of iconography. U.S. currency is supposedly covered with Illuminati symbola. The pyramid on the back of a dollar bill is an occult symbol representing "a convergence upward, toward the ultimate source of Illumination.  The eye above it, also emblazoned on Masonic lodges around the world - the Masons were thought to be offshoots of the Illuminati - represented the Illuminati's ability to infiltrate and watch all things. "The shining triangle represents enlightenment and is also the Greek letter delta, which is the mathematical symbol for change."  The U.S. Great Seal is thus a call for enlightened, all-seeing change and the wording under the pyramid, Novus Ordo Seculorum, means new secular order.  Take all this with liberal doses of salt.<br/> Other pieces of delicious trivia include Pope Pius's emasculation of the male form in statues.  In 1857, he decided that the accurate representation of the male form "might incite lust inside the Vatican.  So he got a chisel and mallet and hacked off the genitalia of every single male statue inside Vatican City.  He defaced works by Michelangelo, Bramante, and Bernini  who plays a very important role in this tale].  Plaster fig leaves were used to patch the damage.  Hundreds of sculptures had been emasculated.  Langdon had often wondered if there was a huge crate of stone penises someplace."<br/> Langdon explains how the church pictured "satanic cults as devil-worshiping fiends. . .yet Satanists historically were educated men who stood as adversaries to the church," called Shaitan, an Islamic term meaning adversary. "The rumors of satanic black-magic animal sacrifices and the pentagram ritual were nothing but lies spread by the church as a smear campaign against their adversaries.  Over time, opponents of the church, wanting to emulate the Illuminati, began believing the lies and acting them out.  Thus, modern Satanism was born."<br/> Langdon uses his knowledge of art history to locate the lair where the assassin who has been hired to kill off the four most likely candidates to the papacy is hiding, and has squirreled away the love interest (typical).<br/> Taken with a tablespoon of salt, the story goes down delectably.  For those wishing to wander down the path to paranoia, see<br/> ...] Rationalists would find the Mason history more illuminating at  ...]
 Let's float in on the coat tails of success and take advantage of media hype and then crank out pure pulp.  From page one events of an unbelieveable proportion occur.  The main theme (science v. faith or science + faith) needs much more development and careful planning.  The pity is that the concepts are really interesting and the history of the Illuminati is fascinating.  'Mores the pity' they were not treated in a plausable way.  Who are we kidding?  A huge unknown research lab in the Swiss mountains?...Our hero is contacted after a 15 minute Google search?...The dear professor is immediately included in the most top secret research?...We find ways into the Vatican's inner sanctum (AKA "American Treasure" ilk)?...We jump out of a helicopter and float to earth hanging onto the corners of a tarp?  This should have been a comic book - excuse me - graphic novel.
 After reading The Da Vinci Code by the same author, I was hungry for more.  This one was also enjoyable and a quick read.  Angels &amp; Demons involves a plot against the Vatican using a new kind of bomb.  The main story is of two characters working together to decipher hidden meaning in art work placed throughout Rome in order to stop a killer.  As in The Da Vinci Code, the characters never really come to life, but the plot is fast paced and keeps the reader interested.
 In Angels and Demons Robert Langston has to try and prevent a catastrophe in the Vatican City that could potentially kill numerous people.  Some antimatter has been stolen from a lab and the destination is the Vatican where the selection of a new Pope is taking place.  Can he solve the riddles and get there in time to avert disaster?  This is a great thriller that will keep you on the edge of your seat as you keep reading to find out what happens next.
 I found this book to be absolutely awful.  I'm not some book snob that refuses to read anything but that which I narrowly consider to be literature.  Give me a good story and reasonably competent writing, and I'm entertained.  Stephen King and John Grisham are some of my favorite authors.  And the story for this book sounded very good.  I know it's been criticized for being too similar to The DaVinci Code, but I hadn't read that one yet so I didn't think it would bother me.  So I wasn't expecting great literature, but I thought Dan Brown would be a writer who delivered intelligent, well-written thrillers.  Boy, was I wrong.  Brown's writing is so distractingly bad as to make this book unreadable.  Dumb dialogue, paper-thin characters, a convoluted story, and a very juvenile narrative.  Sometimes his use of foreshadowing ("Little did Langdon know that what he'd just learned about parachutes would save his life in less than 24 hours") was so ridiculous that it came across as someone trying to impersonate a bad writer.  Unfortunately, I don't think Brown was aiming for parody here.  Add to that glaring the inaccuracies that even a lay person can pick up on (the Prayer of St. Francis is NOT the Serenity Prayer), and you have an extremely dumbed down book.  It just blows my mind that millions of otherwise intelligent people praise this guy's writing and consider these books some of the best they've ever read.
 I really enjoyed this book. Basic synopsis is that the "Illuminati" have reappeared to terrorize the Catholic church. They have stolen a weapon that is capable of destroying Vatican City and plan on using it during the conclave for the new pope. Robert Langdon, a symbologist, is called upon for help. The events and story take place before the DaVinci Code. I actually liked Langdon better in this story. The events happen quickly and interest with the "illuminati" is kept throughout the book.<br/><br/> My only complaint was that I felt that it became extremely unrealistic and convoluted in the end. I was right there with Dan Brown until the end. Overall, I thought it was an enjoyable read. I could not stop reading it. I had to know the ending. I thought it was much better than The Davinci Code.
 This book gripped me on the opening page: "Robert Langdon sat up in his empty bed". Er - it was not empty as he was sitting in it! Dan Brown doesn't do boring technicalities though!<br/><br/>Almost as bad as The Da Vinci code, this book has a saving grace - the plot is vaguely entertaining. However, like all Brown books, don't believe any information snippets given to you. These are invariably wrong as Brown has a tendency to believe urban legends and pass them on in his work.<br/><br/>Brown does not seem to have visited the places he writes about. the extent of his research was a tourist trip to the vatican, and nothing much fits together. The details about the process of the election of a pope are wrong in all kinds of ways, but if you suspend disbelief, you could be entertained by this book. You won't learn anything though, and the time would be better spent reading something else.
 I found Dan Browns Angels &amp; Demons very stimulating. I took it for what it is, a great action adventure novel with a good historical background (not necessarily perfect or realistic). I couldn't put the book down. I love how Dan keeps you interested with the plot, it never ends. The characters were great and I felt like I really cared for them, great development. I found the religious aspect very interesting and many of the points ingeniously laid out and explained. I would say that I was disappointed with how the ending turned out even though it was very capturing. This book has really primed me to pickup the DaVinci code as soon as I can. I'm very interested in further adventures of Robert Langdon.
 It is just hard to imagine that anyone would not enjoy this engrossing story, particular those who enjoyed The Da Vinci Code.  In my opinion this was a better book than the Code.  The premise was certainly more believable.  Like the code, Angels and Demons was remarkably well researched.  Who does research like this better than Dan Brown?  All the loose ends come together and fit perfectly.<br/><br/>Like most of the other reviewers, I highly recommend the special illustrated edition, not because I am trying to drum up more revenue for Mr. Brown and his publisher, but because the pictures add immeasurable to the overall authentic feel of the book. The less imagination you have to use the more realistic the story becomes.  Of course it's fiction, but it is fiction of the best kind. It entertains on multiple levels, it is suspenseful, and to some degree it educates.<br/><br/>This is a sure fire recommendation of a great book.  Nearly everyone who reads this book will have fun with it.  If you read all the time, and go through so many books that you have a tough time remembering the titles, then just start this book.  You won't soon forget the pleasure this thrilling and suspenseful book creates.<br/><br/>My highest recommendation.
 Though it has a cheesy title (bad titles are my pet peeve) and is scattered with long-winded lectures, I enjoyed Angels &amp; Demons. It was fast-paced and full of fascinating quasi-information mixed with fact so that it all feels like truth. Afterward, you wonder how much is real and how much is conspiracy theory.<br/><br/>But I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone who isn't interested in history and/or art because the writer takes for granted that we all know about and love the famous artists and scientists of the Renaissance. It was interesting for me to see historical figures in a new light, but if you've never heard of those historical figures I doubt you'd enjoy it much.<br/><br/>The story was unfolding in a reasonable way until the last section when it suddenly starting getting a bit crazy. Characters who had been portrayed as very solid and good suddenly became the bad guys (one reversing to a good guy again, after all). Everybody knows that if you look into a character's eyes and see his goodness, that means he's good. You can't suddenly turn him evil on us. A twist ending is great and all but only if it fits in with the characters and story.
 Robert Langdon (hero and protagonist of Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code and the previously published Angels &amp; Demons), you are truly amazing.  In Angels &amp; Demons, you are whisked from the U.S. to Switzerland at a rate that rivals teleportation.  You are then petitioned by the head CERN, Max Kohler, a wheelchair bound rip-off of the X-Men's Professor X.  CERN (a true-to-life citadel of brilliant minds), had in its midst a true visionary, Leonardo Vetra, the unfortunate victim of the murder in question.  It seems that Vetra was on the verge of recreating Big Bang, not for the science geeks, but for the point of proving the existence of God Himself, and therefore, establishing a colossal compromise between Creationists and Evolutionists.  Wicked awesome!  And you, Robert Langdon, Harvard symbologist, are the man to figure out the `5 W's' re: Vetra's murder.  At first, this makes sense because there is an anagram burned into Vetra's chest bearing the name of the Illuminati, a cult that you made your chops studying.  You, are apparently the `man.'  You continue to prove your worth, obviously, because you have a later adventure in The Da Vinci Code to solve, and we can all safely surmise that you prevailed in Angels &amp; Demons (or why would anyone call for your opinion ever again?) Ok, so I'm striking at bedrock with a spoon on that point--as with any serial protagonist / adventurer, we always focus on the `how' it was solved rather than the `if.'<br/>So let me fast-forward through the rest of this synopsis:  Langdon is united with a female assistant (Vittoria Vetra) who has close personal ties with the murder victim (similarity to The Da Vinci Code #1: DING!).  They establish themselves as close allies, and set forth into the maw of an all-enveloping conspiracy (DING!).  The conflict involves the Catholic Church (DING!), secret fraternities hell-bent on exposing the Church (DING!), a single, amoral assassin sent as the lackey / grunt of the operation (wait--no ding?  Oh, that's because the assassin in The Da Vinci Code is hyper-moral!  Good twist, Brown!), and, and... oh I can't continue because there is no way in hell I can go on listing the carbon-copy similarities between these two novels without running out of word space or making myself vomit.  Oh yeah, it all happens within the scope of a 24 hr. timeline (DING!)... I can't stop myself.  Oh yeah, and Robert Langdon can apparently fly with the aid of a helicopter tarp and a quick mathematical equation that 20 yrds. of fabric / drag equates to a reduction in velocity, factoring in... (DING!)  Wait, did that happen in The Da Vinci Code?  Oh, no... that was a striking similarity to McGuyver episode # 38.<br/>Sorry, people.  This is schlock.  Yet, it's what sells.  Millions and millions and millions of copies--it sells.  Movie deals, spin-offs, and sub-genres springing forth, novel conspiracy theories sprouting up, faux historians adding their two cents on a Discovery Channel exclusive, rag sheets aflame with new scoops--it's all now a unique, commercial empire.  This is the dangerous art of knowing just enough about a few topics (conspiracy theory + limited historical research + formulaic fiction = bestseller) to make one dangerous.  Based on the couple documentaries I have seen specifically related to Brown's "revelations," there are a host of pseudo-intellectuals who are now making the circuit in favor of Brown's insights.<br/>To this point, one might have the impression that I disliked this novel.  I did not (dislike it, that is).  I didn't make love to it, but I didn't dislike it.  Actually, I found a deep, punctuated pleasure in reading this--something akin to locking myself away in a room without windows with a loaded, dripping cheeseburger while on a strict diet.  During the eating, it was so good; I couldn't stop eating / reading.  And as I was unbuckling my pants to accommodate the bloat, I asked, "Was it worth it?"<br/>YES! I immediately answered.<br/>And then, something happened: I digested it.
 Although this novel had moments of page turning suspense, I was too often pulled out of the story by some moronic comment or blatantly incorrect "fact". Below are some of my biggest peeves:<br/><br/>Having read "The Da Vinci Code" first, I was immediately struck by the similarities between the basic premises of the two books. "Angels and Demons" begins with Robert Langdon being called to the scene of a grizzly murder laden with ancient symbology and then unraveling the mystery with the murdered man's daughter. What happens in "The Da Vinci Code?" The exact same thing, only with the dead guy's granddaughter. I mean is Dan Brown hard up for ideas or what?!<br/><br/>Secondly, I found Robert Langdon to be pretty ill-informed for a leading Illuminati specialist. He is supposedly a widely respected symbologist &amp; art historian and yet he is constantly discoveriing obvious Illuminati symbols at major tourist spots in Rome that he never noticed before. Call it nitpicking, but as an artist and a student of art history Langdon seemed painfully clueless to me.<br/><br/>Another major annoyance of mine was how Brown felt the need to constantly remind the reader that the murdering Hassassin was an Arab. I don't know if Brown has a particular problem with Arabs, or just thought the reader was too dumb to figure out what character he was referring to if he did not describe them, but every time the Hassassin spoke or appeared in the novel he made a point to mention the character's dark skin or Middle Eastern accent. I found this to be at best insensitive and at worst rascist.<br/><br/>This book was just too predictable. While it did throw me a couple times, by the end of the novel I knew what the big twist was going to be. I won't spoil it for those of you who want to read the book, but it isn't hard to figure out if you pay attention.<br/><br/>Finally, this book may  have the sigle stupidest last line of any book I've ever read...seriously.<br/><br/>Brown's novels are basically a fun read for someone who doesn't want to think too hard. There is a reason no one heard of Dan Brown before "The Da Vinci Code," you can skip this one.
 Anti-matter, The Vatican, The Illuminati, Galileo...did I miss anything? Dan Brown introduces his symbologist hero, Robert Langdon, in this totally ridiculous thriller. Filled with enough red herrings to fill the hold of a ship, yet failing to disguise the fairly obvious climax, Brown does create an outrageous page-turner. By piling on one crazy idea after another, Brown is able to keep the reader interested by keeping his prose fats moving and compelling, not letting the reader sit back and say, "Oh Please!" until the end.<br/>I read this one before taking on the best selling sequel and now I find I'm in no particular hurry to read that one. I will say this you won't be bored by this one, although you may find your mouth wide open from disbelief by the time it's over.
 That's my opinion. Neither book is a masterpiece of thriller literature, but each is good enough for a week's entertainment. Neither work is the least bit credible in terms of its villains and why they do what they do, but no one can deny the sheer fun of secret society assassins. In this book they attack the Catholic power center in Rome. The weakest part of this "action movie between hard covers" is the climax, featuring a rogue priest, a conclave needing to elect a pope,a clergyman helicopter pilot, and seemingly miraculous rescues and deaths. Don't take it seriously, and you can have a good time. The same can be said about "DaVinci Code" which is a sequel to this one, featuring the same hero. That book makes one think the Vatican is the villain through most of the story, because of its need to cover up an alleged "married with children" lifestyle for Jesus. Ignore the fictional history of early Christianity and just enjoy the thrill of the mystery itself. Mr. Brown has earned a busload of bucks for "Code" and its fans then went back and grabbed "Angels and Demons." If you enjoy unrealistic suspense novels with mini-lessons in history and art and religion, these books will please.
 Dan Brown certainly knows how to grab your attention and hold it `til the end of a fast-paced fast-action novel.  For pure entertainment purposes, "Angels and Demons" scores big.  This time protagonist Robert Langdon is called upon to unravel a legendary secret society, the Illuminati, in order to solve a bizarre murder and recover a capsule of incredibly powerful antimatter.  Dan Brown skillfully blends in a lot of mysterious religious history and modern science into this fictional tale.  The little known "facts" about the Vatican, the Illuminati and science of antimatter are as fascinating as the plot-twisting storyline itself.<br/><br/>A lot of intrigue, a lot of mystery, a lot of suspense and a whole lot of entertainment.  Score "Angels &amp; Demons" another 5-star read.
 When a scientist/priest is murdered and branded with the symbol of an ancient secret order, Robert Langdon is called in to help solve the death and stop a worldwide diseaster. He soon realizes that he has stepped into the middle of an ancient war, not only between the church and science, but perhaps between good and evil themselves. With the help of the murdered man's daughter, he takes on the Illuminati, a powerful brotherhood hidden in the shadow's of the Ancient Free and Accepted Masonic lodge unknown to most of its members. If Robert and Vittora fail, anti matter will be unleashed on the earth, the destructive power of which boggles the mind. They also must stop a threat to the Catholic church. Secrets and counterplots interweave to form a maze only the most quick minded will be able to navigate.<br/>*** Interspersed in the plot are historical facts and a bit of theology. Though less contraversial than his recent bestseller, Angels and Demons is a fascinating and informative read. ***<br/>Reviewed by Amanda Killgore.
 A plot against the Vatican by an ancient secret brotherhood results in a brutal murder. Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon and scientist Vittoria Vetra, the dead man's daughter set out to solve the mystery and soon learn that they have to save the world as well. Together they embark on a frantic hunt through sealed crypts, dangerous catacombs, deserted cathedrals, and the most secretive vault on earth...the long-forgotten Illuminati lair. Brilliantly done with a lot of twists and turns.<br/><br/>Reviewed by Janet Sue Terry, author of the contemporary romance, "Set Me Free" series Possibilities and Resolutions. President of Just My best Book Publishing Company.  ...]
 While waiting to borrow the DaVinci Code from a friend, I decided to get started with the author by reading Angels &amp; Demons.  I was initially quite turned off by the book:  The whole breathless, gee-wiz depiction of CERN and the scientists there was just goofy.  The idea that a particle physicist at CERN could order up a hypersonic airplane at will, obtain an audience with the pope on a whim, etc. was just too contrived and non-realistic.  Particle physicists get their time on the accelerator - if they are lucky - along with a salary, status,  and perqs equivalent to that of a school nurse.  Also, the whole "girl genius creates antimatter, while at the same time storing it in a canister that only she can recharge, but why would that be considered dangerous ?" storyline reminds me of the kiddie science fiction books I read as a lad.  The standards now are much higher, and only a little bit of research and editing from some real scientists would have helped a great deal.<br/>Having thus jammed the necessary elements into the story, things then get VERY interesting.  The plot, the history, the realtime dash through the city of Rome . . . it was all very compelling - I could not put it down.<br/>The ending of the book somewhat disappointed me.  I won't ruin it for the reader, but I would prefer to have been left with a little bit of the fear and awe I felt in the middle of the book.  However, others like their stories wrapped up in an ending, and I would not say the ending was not done well - I just did not prefer it!<br/>All in all, a good read from an interesting mind.
 I read The Da Vinci Code before reading this, which is good because if I had read this first, I would not have been as eager to read TDVC.  TDVC was a better attempt at the plot and storyline.  Angels and Demons kind of fizzles out towards the end.  It seemed that it took almost 150 pages to end the final 2 hours of the story.  The ending is what did it for me.  Very disappointing and it becomes obvious that the author was having a hard time ending it and finding a place to stop.  TDVC is much better and that is why I think I didn't like this story as much, so I gave it 4 stars.  It was entertaining, but disappointing.  Had I not read TDVC first, I may feel differently.
 I tried to read The DaVinci Code several times and just couldn't get into the whole symbology thing.  I decided to grab Dan Brown's first Langdon book from the library the other day, Angels and Demons.  It does a nice job of setting up who Robert Langdon is and tells a great tale of his mad dash across Rome in an attempt to save the four preferiti and Vatican City.  It is not a literary masterpiece, but it's a page turner, and that's what sells these days.  There are certainly better written books in terms of prose and character development, but it's an enjoyable ride, knd of like that guilt you get when watching a torrid soap opera or 'professional' wrestling.
 I had high expectations for this book as I had read The Da Vinci Code and enjoyed it. Without giving anything away, I will say that the book started out well, sounding like it would be a real page turner.  However, I would say the last quarter of the book veered so far away from anything that could be even remotely realistic, and became a laughable fantasy.  Needless to say I was very disappointed and felt I had wasted my time on this just because of the ending.
 Although I myself bury myself in the classics + drama when I enter bookstores, this has to be ranked with my favourite pieces of 'literature'. It's everything Da Vinci Code is not. 'Tis riveting, enthralling, intelligent, exciting, suspenseful. Mostly, anything that a book strives to be. Never have I so often desired to read a fictitious book to engorge myself in facts. Under Botticelli, Raphael would be my mos preferred reniassance artist, although he's one of the most known. The time frame of the novel in itself is enough to keep the reader's interest perked--less than 10 hours until the Vatican explodes to nothing but debris.<br/>Dan Brown has created quite a character with Langdon. Perhaps his beaming intelligence, his all-too-present accumulation of knowledge, or the fact that his role is drawn out to perfection. He's a rational, cool-tempered Harvard prof. who is exactly what this book needs. Vittoria is the polar opposite of this. I wasn't too fond of her character herself, and quite honestly I wrinkled my nose at the thought of the far superior Robert and her romancing. No less, it's by no means an overwhelming love story, and is incredibly underrated.<br/>Not to mention...geez. I don't think I've ever learned so much by reading a novel. Whereas Da Vinci Code is laden with error, this one is clearly well-researched. It also, in odd ways, opened my mind to the bridge of religion of science. The argument is subtle, but it strengethened the debates I'd have to come with others. The ending is also nothing you'd expect it to be. Never have I thought so much after reading a novel.<br/>Whether you're interested in religion, art, physics, history, or you simply want to read a good book, pick this up.
 I have all four of Dan Browns books and have read three of the four thus far. I have enjoyed each one with the fast twists and turns it takes you on. I enjoy the story and creativity as well as the facts that I learn along the way.<br/><br/>I read The Da Vinci Code before Angels and Demons and was pleased I did. I often recommend others to read them in this order as well. I have talked with some that read Angles and Demons first and found The Da Vinci Code to be less of a read. I found Angles and Demons to be a bit more detailed and blunt in comparison than The Da Vinci Code and thus may not seem as exciting or hard core, despite it being a good read too. So far all the books I've read from Dan Brown have been very interesting and such a ride. I highly recommend them all but would suggest reading The Da Vinci Code before Angles and Demons.
 I really hoped that 2 of his books, Davinci code &amp; Angels and demons to be my savior of this summer. I admit that the author searched and collected many data to write these books, as anyone else in this field. But after the half of each book, I could predict the ending and reading the rest of the books meaningless.<br/><br/>For example, Davinci's code is just a copy and paste of the book that was referred again and again in the story. Above all, the way that the girl connects Langdon seems to be a joke from the start.<br/><br/>For Angels&amp;Demons, I envy the characters in this book in that they seems to be living in the world that allows 72 hours a day and people talks to each other faster than rap singers. Within 5 hours, characters faints more than 2 times, and visit more than 5 places, search all the documents in 2 libraries, solve all the ancient mysteries, withness 4 killings, finally kills the killer who was the master of killings but had no way to survive in the face of "the never surrendering, untiring american hero" and find some shocking truth and save the christianity. Admitting all these, the cause of all these things, which is intended to be the "shocking" reversion of the story at the end, for me it was a bad joke.<br/><br/>And of course, an italian woman who had the will of steel and referred as very religious person, inevitably falls in love with "the american hero" and as a reward, she takes off all her clothes in front of him and say something that implies that she is the master of sexual skills. Ho Ho Ho.<br/><br/>I just throwed this book in the garbage. Someone still interested in reading this tell me quick. I'm not re-selling this book because of too much disappointement. What a waste of time.
 This story is as predictable (as another reviewer said) as a made for TV movie. You know most "twists" are coming at least 50 pages before they happen if you even moderately pay attention. The book contained one "shock," and it wasn't much to write home about. The end was somewhat surprising, but only because of the scale of what happened -- you know fairly well in advance what's going on because of deliberate and redundant hints.<br/>The beginning of the book contains several glaring errors (involving unrealistic cell phones and stupid security systems). These problems were so dumb and easy to remedy that it really made the rest of the book hard to believe.<br/>Brown spends pages drooling over how imposible the Illuminati ambigrams are to produce but was somehow able to include them in his book -- go figure. He credits the artist who drew them for him at the end of the book.<br/>While he's busy not getting things right Brown has the chuzpah to use foreign languages without proper translation -- here it's Italian, in Da Vinci Code (which I've just started) it seems to be French. For me, at least, it makes Brown seems arrogant. Knowledge of romance languages seems to be assumed -- I (thankfully) was able to roughly translate most parts.<br/>Despite these problems the book somehow remains an entertaining and quick (three-four day) read. He definately knows how to write cliffhangers but just lacks the factual depth to make this sort of "factual" fiction workable. Brown seems to attempting to emulate Michael Crichton, but for some mixture of a scientific, art, and religious crowd. He fails at this, at least from the perspective of a moderately educated (college-age) reader.<br/>This book would be good for someone with no scientific background or for someone who is very into religion and science. Otherwise the reader will just get annoyed at Brown's writing.
 This book kept me turning the pages until I was done, but I was ultimately very disappointed.  Rule 1 of any techno thriller is to get MOST of the facts right, but when one of the key plot points is also a plot hole of epic proportions, it can't help but ruin the book.  I won't spoil the plot, but let me say this; if you are looking at a live wireless video feed of a bomb, and the camera you are viewing the bomb through is a part of a network of security cameras in your own installation, and the bomb is located inside your security perimeter, and you can't find the location of the camera, then you are either extremely stupid, or the author of this book.  It makes one wonder how such a glaring mistake can make it past the editor's desk. If you can see the video feed, then you can certainly find the camera, especially if it's right under your nose.  While Mr. Brown knows something of anti-matter and religious symbology, he seems to lack any knowledge of radio waves.<br/>Having said that, the book is an interesting prelude to Dan Brown's popular follow up, 'The Da Vinci Code'.  In fact, the novel reads like a rough draft of that novel.  Same puzzles, same riddles, and the same mistakes by the Dr. Langdon character in his search of the final solution to a complex tale.  Well researched and fast paced, but not a very satisfying read.
 After spending the better part of the past three years reading almost strictly monotonous non-fiction books, I broke the cycle one day by simply glancing over at my bookshelf and noticing the copy of Angels and Demons I had purchased on a whim at a bookstore several months ago.  I started reading, and couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>Although (in spite of Brown's "everything is fact" disclaimer at the beginning) I think you have to take some of these conspiracy theories with a grain of salt, there's a lot in Angels and Demons that makes you think introspectively on everything you've always taken for granted to be the truth.  You get a sense of Brown's passion for the subject, and you realize that the Langdon character and the entire novel is essentially a well-crafted vehicle for bringing ideas about ancient secret societies and some of the mysteries of religion into current popular culture.<br/><br/>Whether you are looking for thought-provoking material, or just a fast, entertaining read, Angels and Demons can serve both purposes.  It is written in a way that is accessible and never dull.  The constant stream of suspense and revelation is intoxicating.<br/><br/>My only complaint is that I wish the ending had been more down-to-earth (literally and figuratively).  You'll know what I mean when you get there.
 Angels and Demons was not what I expected it to be. The story was fast paced, there were many twists, and it was not as contriversial as the Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>The story revolves around Harvard professor of symbology Robert Langton, recieves a fax in the middle of the night. This fax sends a shiver up Langston's spine for it shows the sign up the Illuminati, a secret society that is pro science and antireligious. This group is suspected of having close ties with the masons and once was lead by Galielo himself.<br/><br/>The marking is found on a dead member of the CERN (a scientific community in Switzerland). After Langston makes it to Switzerland he learns that this dead scientist is in charge of anti-matter and by killing this man Illuminati has obtained antimatter to blow up the Vatican! Langston must stop the anti-matter from blowing up the Catholic holy site.<br/><br/>The book has a ton of twists and quite a few humorous moments. I didn't find this book offensive at all. I would suggest this book to anyone interested in being entertained. This book does a great job with that.
 I don't normally read much 'mainstream fiction', but Angels and Demons was definitely worth the time. The plot was fast-paced, full of twists and did a good job weaving in several different storylines into one good ending. In spite of the abundant action, there are some surprisingly poignant moments in the book.<br/><br/>Though I wish some of the characters had been more developed, that fact does not take much away from the sum product here. The ending was pretty wild - and I'm encouraged to read the Da Vinci Code now. Probably what will remain with me most after this book was the sheer glut of information and 'color'(CERN, Vatican architecture, the Illuminati).<br/><br/>Also, the old adage is right: the best villans are those we can understand.
 I never understood what all of the excitement was about "The Da Vinci Code" and this is just slightly better written, in my opinion. Da Vinci was essentially a really bad detective story with historical speculation cribbed directly from other sources inserted throughout.<br/><br/>"Angels &amp; Demons" works slightly better as a thriller, but the dialogue is cheesy and I find it hard to believe that the female lead would fall in love with Robert Langdon so quickly and especially so quickly after the murder of her father.<br/><br/>Also, how poor does your research have to be if you don't know that cell phones done have dial-tone? This is mentioned at least a dozen times. Dan Brown didn't own a cell phone in 2000? I find that hard to believe. Just lazy writing. Could have been changed to checking for a signal and wouldn't have seemed like just poor and lazy research.
 I absolutely recommend this book, it sucks you in and it's hard to put down. I personally recommended this book to my friends and family. This book has some pretty cool stuff about the Vatican, and ok I read some other reviews and honestly this book is great and it's also a fictional book so don't get to worked up on details, I didn't really care about the Anti matter or some of the scientific stuff that may be a bit off, or if Dan Brown was pro-catholic or against the church. If this kind of stuff really bothered me that much I wouldn't be able to watch most movies or TV. So let it go it's just a book and a pretty good book at that. Oh yeah and a pretty cool title too.
 I loved "The DaVinci Code" and looked forward to reading this novel, which was written before "DaVinci."  In typical Dan Brown fashion, the very beginning of the story drew me in immediately.  What follows as the plot unfolds is one surprise after another.  Not only does the story continue to develop, but so do the reader's understanding of the characters' backgrounds and personalities.  I thoroughly enjoy the way Brown reveals layers of his main characters bits at a time without disrupting the flow of the story, particularlly Langdon, who comes across as a learned man who knows enough to know when he's outside of his element.  Brown also does a terrific job of avoiding predictability in the various Vatican characters, from the Swiss Guards to the cardinals to the Pope's chamberlain.<br/><br/>The plot itself reveals itself at a pace sufficient to keep the reader consistently interested.  The horror of the unfolding story is clear without being gratuitously graphic.  I found myself trying to guess what would come next, but I was almost always wrong.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, I was distracted throughout by little errors and omissions that the smallest amount of research could have averted.  For example, on more than one occasion, Brown refers to a character being unable to make a call because the cell phone had no dial tone -- but no cell phone has a dial tone.  There is also a passage describing how a priest and a nun conceived a child using artificial insemination, ostensibly to avoid running afoul of Catholic church prohibitions against sex outside marriage -- but there is no mention of Vatican teachings against artificial insemination itself.  With errors like this, I found myself frequently wondering what else of the "factual" material Brown includes in the book wasn't quite accurate.<br/><br/>The biggest disappointment was the ending, which I found quite ridiculous -- an almost comic-book conclusion that is unworthy of the complex story that precedes it.  Up to that point, I was willing to forgive the aforementioned errors.  But the culmination actually ruined the story for me.
 While life isn't for everyone living it; such as those who make it harder for others to live, or for those who cannot seem to find it easy to live or make simplicity in it; this book is much in the same. This book is not for everyone; so for you to criticize this book negatively only indicates that your PERSONAL opinion is shallow; that your mind is limited and your expectations have become greater than your ACTUAL potential. Like drugs. This books is good. That is all I am going to say. Not everyone enjoys reading and if you are not an avid reader, this book is for you. It is simple, it doesn't throw you for a loop, and yes, it IS interesting. Additionally, thats why it is fictitious, so that you do not think of it to be "absurd", or "ridiculous", because it is fake. Or so it seems so. People of "uncommon" knowledge (such as myself) will understand and know this. Goodluck.
 For the first 2/3 of this book I was really enjoying the story. It was captivating and entertaining. As a Dan Brown fan you know that you just have to accept that the hero, Robert Langdon, is going to solve the puzzles using historical facts (er, real or fictional) and you will not be able to solve the puzzles yourself.  This is not the typical whodunnit novel. But the story is so interesting, you don't care.<br/><br/>However, the ending of the book was extremely disappointing. The plot twists were unexpected, but also unappreciated. This is one story that would have been much, MUCH, better if the ending had been more straightforward. It went from eventually becoming a blockbuster summer action film to being one of those crappy B films, probably staring Vin Deisel (as the Hassassin) or someone of that ilk.  Mark my words.
 Dan Brown skilfully weaves a tale of fear, science, devastation and faith to bring us this novel that you will want to read again and again.
 I enjoyed Angels and Demons. I appreciate Dan Brown's take on the international thriller genre: a combination of religious history, contemporary issues and fast paced action.<br/>I purchased this book after I read the DaVinci Code, which I loved. This book is not as good as that one: clearly Brown matured as a writer in both plot development and his style of prose. However, I still found this book a fun and fast read.<br/>Brown again educates the reader on an historical religious sect: this time it is the Illuminati. Brown also uses exciting international settings-Switzerland and Rome-as backdrops. He has the same hero (a swashbuckling Harvard professor) and a beautiful, intelligent female sidekick.<br/>I would recommend this book for those who enjoyed the DaVinci Code, though I would caution the reader not to expect the same level of entertainment. I also would recommend this book for anyone who enjoys the thriller genre. I would not recommend this book for individuals with strong religious beliefs who would prefer not to be challenged in this arena.
 Not sure why Da Vinci Code acquired so much fame if Angels and Demons is quite superior. When I started reading "The Da Vinci Code", my main interest was related to the fact that it was so famous and what the plots on the back or inner cover of the book said.<br/><br/>As I advanced in reading it, I found things that seemed extremely incredible to be truth; but also extremely interesting. However, I beliveve that Dan Brown has recognized that what he said in "The Da Vinci code" is fictional, and if the Catholic Church has critizised his work, for me is more a mean to get publicity than other thing. There's nothing they can accuse Dan Brown about within this novel.<br/><br/>In the case of "Angels and Demons", things get just better with this novel (yes, a "novel", because that's what it is); since, despite much of what he describes in his fictional novels (just like in "Da Vinci...") may be true, the beauty of them is how he makes us feel every thing is real.<br/><br/>However, one must be very naive to really belive that what Dan Brawn writes is real; and to believe that he pretends to make us think it is real (if any magazine or web site has said that, I'm sure is to get publicity; Dan Brown seems to be quite smart as to wish to "fool" his readers). Nevertheless, whoever reads his stories, even knowing they are plain fiction, would surely not be able to avoid a spontaneous "and... what if all this were true?".<br/><br/>I believe there's where the "magic" of Brown's fiction relays, that makes one to be immersed in a world that, at least while reading his novels, makes one feel that it is a reading of History, not fiction (although, said as a side comment, how fictional the "offical" History is?) and that it would be quite interesting having lived those facts in real life.<br/><br/>Last, but not least, and going back to "review" the title I'm suppossed to; I want to comment that, among "Da Vinci...", "Angels..." and "Deception..." (haven't read "Digital Fortress" yet), I believe that "Angels..." is THE BEST of all them. Forget about how true or fictional it is. The rithm with which Brown takes you througout the whole story is simply fabulous. Impossible to drop the book (I have read several stories from John Grisam and Michael Connelly and they're definitely far away from Brown). I don't want to dissappoint to those who haven't finished reading "Da Vinci...", but even if it is true that Brown keeps a very good rithm througout almost the whole book, near the end of it such rithm is sort of lost; whereas in "Angels and Demons", the final part of the book is simply THE BEST AND MOST INTERESTING and exciting part of it (at least in my opinion).<br/><br/>Not to mention that, I read "Angels and Demons" about 6 months after I visited for the first time Rome and the Vatican City (which is sort of "not common" in an average Latin American like me); fact that made me "feel" even more the ambience of the story.<br/><br/>In short, I think this is the best thing Dan Brown has written so far; and probably the best contemporary writters have done (much better than "Da Vinci...", definitelly).
 Fun, fast-paced, clever. Reads like a chilling, almost sci-fi, version of a battle for power. Convincing characters, subtle clues and a riddle waiting to be solved.<br/><br/>If you read and enjoyed The Da Vinci Code, you won't be disappointed, in fact Angels &amp; Demons was better in my opinion.<br/><br/>If you haven't read The Da Vinci Code buy both of these books together. Start with Angels &amp; Demons and set aside plenty of time to sit back and enjoy. Like all good page turners, you won't want to set these books down and at the same time you won't want the stories to end.<br/><br/>By JoAnna Carey, Author of Rat Race Relaxer: Your Potential &amp; The Maze of Life
 I read the "da Vinci Code" and liked it alot, i thought all the information(history) made you think whilist letting you ride along in the puzzle. But this book, Angels and Demons, is just as fun to! It seems, to me, to have more history, more puzzles, and the added bonus of more information to think about.Nnot as ground breaking info as the Da Vinci Code but interesting to somebody who belives in god, belives in science, or whos catholic. I wouldn't read this Langdon book right after the other, i'd give it some space because the story structure is kinda the same. The same middle of the night telephone call, hot girl side kick with an vendetta and dead dad, same background evil military/police guy getting in your way, same kinda "lovey dovey" ending(but i thought i was funny, go yoga master), killer assasin working for a man he doesn't know, BOOM the bad guy is not who you thought it was, same character childhood flash backs. Some people said that it was a litte to foreshadowing, but how can you remember theres so much adventure you get lost in it!(in a good way). Even though it was recycled... quite a bit... you can alomst see why... this book was first but not a hit. Why not try doing and make that work all over agan.. and it did! I guess will never know(thats why i suggest waiting before you read either Langdon story, like me you'll forget what happened in the last one hehehhehe). This book is more involved with people you have to admit, because of the whole anitmatter, and multiple deaths, and surprise ending. When you reach the last 100 pages you do get the feeling that the climax is going to come and be over. But the book doesn't stop there it unfolds so much more its like a added bonus to understanding the characters and what just happened to them and how that makes you think. Someone said on here that science won in the end, but i think neither did. Remember people its just a story, therefore the parachute part can be excluded in judgement. The most fun i had reading this was the Illumnati puzzle mystery on finding the popes. You go through so many places,statues,&amp; un noticable places of history.That i wouldn't be surprised if i went to Vatican/Rome and used this book as some sort of guide book to relive the adventure all over again. This book may be brain candy, but you get to KNow Langdon better(people complained he was one demsional in the other book) but who cares it was an awesome read!. ~Faith~<br/><br/>From the book: Definitely not gypsies, he decided in his semiconscious delirium. Aliens, perhaps? Yes, he had heard about things like this. Fortunatley these being would not harm him. All they wanted were his -<br/><br/>"Not on your Life" Langdon sat bolt upright, eyes flying open.<br/><br/>whahhaha, read the book, figure it out :D
 I guess the fact that I read this after The Da Vinci Code is a disadvantage in that this book is very similar. Dan Brown's great pace and amazing ease with words are once against there as are the interesting descriptions and `insights' into his subject which in this case is science vs. religion, against a background of organized religion, particularly the Catholic church.<br/><br/>With this one, there's more of a need to suspend disbelief, as the entire story takes place over just a few hours (surely, it would take a little bit longer than that just to get from one location to the next) but that doesn't take away from the fact that few current writers do the race against time theme better than Dan Brown. And yes, there is a little dose of love interest thrown in for good measure!
 Another masterpiece!  What can be said here?  After reading Dan Browns' DaVinci Code, I read Angels &amp; Demons.  This was another great page-turning suspense thriller.  This book was just as good as The DaVinci Code if not better.  I can see a movie being made on this novel as well.  Between the reader visiting ancient Rome, the papacy and its' secretive ways, old-world myths carrying consequences to the present day, ancient religious scrolls, and primordial organizations fighting against the church's teachings - this book was exceptionally captivating!!!  It has some of the same plot and characters involved as the other book, yet it is not an exercise in futility to read in any way shape or form.  I don't know if Dan can write a manuscript that can oust this one.  This book has a lot to offer, and I enjoyed it thoroughly...
 I just don't get the hype. First of all, this book and the Da Vinci code are almost the same book. Plot's the same, pacing, general subject matter.<br/><br/>It reads like a cookie-cutter novel - like Brown decided to read lots of thrillers and then concocted a template, which he then filled in with badly worded, overwrought prose ('his stealth was equalled only by his lethality' - or was it the other way around?), and absurd 'science'.<br/><br/>The fact that this book is seen as intelligently plotted and written is particularly dismaying, because it is in fact, totally impossible on its face.<br/><br/>I will ignore most of the bogus physics involved and the completely laughable way that the hero survives a plunge out of a helicopter (with hardly a scratch!) to point out the biggest fallacy in the whole book.<br/><br/>The plot centers around a stolen 'wireless video camera' in the Vatican, that has been hidden somewhere and is transmitting live pictures of an antimatter 'bomb' that is counting down to detonation. All sorts of means are attempted to locate this camera, including turning the power off to the entire vatican etc. - all to no avail. As I read this, I kept wondering when Brown would offer up a solution to this - because anyone who knows anything about this situation would be able to find this camera in about 20 minutes. All you need is three people with radio signal-strength meters to triangulate on it. It's simple, but it's never mentioned - either because Brown is ignorant (his grasp of basic science is, shall we say, non-existant) or because it inconvenient to his plot. Either way, it kind of ruined the whole book for me, and I am not some electronics dweeb, just a regular guy who read Popular Science occasionally at the doctor's office when I was a kid.<br/><br/>Added to this basic insult to the intelligence, is more injury: cardboard cut-out bad guy (an Arab who wants to despoil white women in general and our sleek sweet Italian love interest in particular - which ends in a 'perils of Pauline style showdown in a castle - Pu-Leeze!). Comic-book style science. An ending that I figured out, oh about 100 pages before the end... You get the idea.<br/><br/>The good news: well, Brown does seem to know art much better than science and some of the discussions of art and architecture were OK, though by no means amazing, lyrical or trenchant. And, if you suspend disbelief from the very first pages on, he does know how to make you keep turning the pages - if you can keep the poor prose and technical gaffes from driving you crazy.
 Every once in awhile, I'll come upon a book that's so incredible that a five star rating doesn't even do it justice.  Such was the case with Angels and Demons...a reading experience I'll not soon forget.  The better part of this book takes place in Vatican City and I swear to you that I actually felt like I had spent the past few days there because that's how real and well-researched Dan Brown's book is.  I also felt like I had been given some kind of drug that kept my heart in a state of continual palpitation because that's how exciting his book is as well.<br/>This is an effort of monumental proportions as Brown covers nuclear research, a Vatican conclave, the Illuminati, ambigrams, antimatter and a race against the clock to save part of the history of Rome.  He also manages to fuse science, art, history and religion into one book while explaining why the battle between science and religion is still raging.  The good thing about Brown is that he doesn't lecture the reader on this subject -- he simply lays it out there for you to ponder.<br/>The story begins with Robert Langdon, professor of religious iconology at Harvard University, receiving a very distraught phone call from Maximilian Kohler, director of CERN -- European Center for Nuclear Research in Geneva, Switzerland.  One of his famed physicists, who also happens to be a priest, has just been murdered and the killer has left a calling card in the form of an ambigram branded onto the scientist's chest.  Since Langdon specializes in symbology, he is asked to help track down the killer.<br/>This one phone call will lead Langdon on the most spectacular fictional chase I've ever been on. The reason this chase is so incredible is because it's like taking a fast action sightseeing trip around Rome while following a map written by Galileo with signposts sculptured by the great 16th century artist Bernini.  Take my word for it;  it's like nothing you've ever experienced.  Like many of the other reviewers, I too had to stay up until 2AM because there was no way I could go to sleep without knowing how this book would end.  The bad news is that once I finished it, there was still no sleep to be had because my heart was racing out of control.<br/>I decided to read this book because of all the "buzz" Dan Brown's latest book, The DaVinci Code, has been getting. Once I heard that it featured Robert Landon from Angels and Demons, I knew I had to read this before tackling DaVinci.  Imagine my surprise when Angels and Demons far surpassed any expectations I had.  Now I can't even envision what awaits me within the pages of The DaVinci Code.  Unfortunately, I need to take a good rest between these two books as I don't think my heart can handle another thrill ride so soon with Dan Brown as the "Director of Entertainment."
 I didn't mind that the book was so long, and I did appreciate Dan Brown's immense knowledge of art and religious history, which he skillfully weaved into the story.  The writing style, however, combined with some (far) less than credible events, made this the only one of his books that insisted on reminding me on almost every page that it was, in fact, only a book.<br/><br/>Dan Brown carelessly repeats exclamations or expletives when he could have said things differently; he uses terms and exclamations that are cliche, and that stand out as fake embellishment; and he writes the dialogue of English-speaking Europeans using more than a few terms and meanings that are exclusively American English - an error he committed only once in the Da Vinci Code but which here is impossible not to notice, and which takes credibility away from the scenes he is trying to depict.  I found myself thinking of the author behind such dialogue, making it up and trying to embellish it, instead of authentic events unfolding.  I was surprised he made these mistakes in the writing, because if it weren't for the writing style it would have been an excellent read.  Instead, I found it difficult to finish.
 Angels and Demons is the best book that I have read in a long time.  I read the book in only three days because I could not wait to find out what happens in the end.  It is full of twists and turns from the beginning.  You do not know what to expect.  The first half of the book is slow but quickly picks up speed.  Just when you think that you have the story figured out, a sudden turn of events occurs.  The author, Dan Brown, keeps you guessing from the beginning.  The book is full of historical facts and sites as well as some scientific fact.  The way the story is written makes it very believable because the blend of fact and fiction is seamless.<br/>This book is the prequel to The Da Vinci Code.  Dan Brown first introduces the character, Robert Langdon, in this book.  I will be reading The Da Vinci Code next but the books do not need to be read in order.
 I see that a lot of the negative reviews on this book are from people who are educated in the areas this book explores.  I guess if I knew a lot about conclaves and such I would be annoyed at reading through a book riddled with errors.  But I know nothing about those things, and I loved this book!<br/>  I started this book because I needed some "light" reading.  I ended up completely hooked and unable to put it down!  I stayed up way too late for 2 nights reading Angels &amp; Demons until I finally finished it.<br/>  This is a great, smart (despite the flaws others pointed out) suspense novel with plenty of action and some interesting twists at the end.  Definitely worth a read this summer - it'll certainly entertain you!
 When I first picked this book up, I didn't know what to expect. Reading the first few pages, I could only stare down and wonder, "What exactly am I reading?" However once I started reading the book from page 1, the beauty of this incredible story became very coherent. The plot takes off from page 1, as Brown wastes no time getting down to the good stuff!<br/>Robert Langdon wakes up one morning (or rather awoken) by a call from Maximillian Kohler, the director of CERN, a Swiss research facility. Langdon is a Harvard Symbology professor, and is called down to CERN to analyze the branding on Leonardo Vetra, a scientist who with his daughter, was perfecting the new technology of anitmatter.<br/>When Langdon arrived, he was shocked by what he found, Vetra was branded with an ambigram from the long (thought to be) underground clan called the Illuminati. From there, Langdon and Vittoria Vetra embark on a journey through Rome and Vatican City to find the missing canister of antimatter, which will blow up and destroy Vatican City on the eve of conclave (the election of the Pope by all the cardinals).<br/>The way Brown was able to use the rich history of Vatican City and Rome along with all the famous (and not so famous) churches, made me want this book to never end! If not for that, this book is incredible for the ambigrams scattered throughout the book! Read it, you won't regret it!!!
 The prequel to the Da Vinci Code, is a masterpiece as well.  Dan Brown not only puts his readers in a car chasing never stopping thriller he also educates them at the same time.  Dan Brown is a remarkable author who writes remarkable work.  This book deserves a full five stars, because even though I had school work to do, I spent the entire day finishing the book.  That's how I know when a book is good, when I have important assignments that I need to take care of, but oh no, I've got to finish this book.<br/>Once again Brown introduces historical content to us, and some of us may not be able to handle the content, but we should try at least.  Some religious fanatics might not be able to handle it, but hey isn't that what makes up the world, a bunch of people trying to get along.<br/>Enjoy spending hours reading this one, you'll never want to put it down
 I am a little disappointed after reading the raving reviews. This book was just "okay". I think it could have been cut in half and had a greater impact. There are so many needless details the makes the plot become diluted and boring. Also, some of the stunts are far fetched and over the top even for fiction.  I at some points thought the events were just ridiculous. I hate to start a series and not finish it, so I may reluctantly move forward with the Davinci Code, which I hope will be better.
 Robert Langdon is awoken early in the morning by a phone call from a stranger requesting his help in solving the murder of a colleague who was working on a BIG project.  The reason Langdon is brought in is because of the symbol branded on the murdered victim's chest - ILLUMINATI - an anti-Catholic group that scholars have long believed ceased to exist.  When 4 cardinals, the favorites to replace the recently deceased Pope, go missing, and the stolen antimatter is found at Vatican City, Robert and Vittoria (the daughter of the murdered Leonardo Vetra) head to Rome to help solve the mystery of the Illuminati before Vatican City is destroyed.<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons is a fast pace, well written, page turning mystery that will capture the reader from the first page!  Written in the same style as The DaVinci Code, readers who loved that book, will also enjoy it's predecessor.  The information provided is so compelling and interesting you forget it's not real, until the end which is a bit "sensational".<br/><br/>If you're looking for another fun mystery from Dan Brown you'll find it in Angels &amp; Demons.
 After reading The Da Vinci Code, it seemed near impossible for Dan Brown to create anything even slightly as addicting. Nevertheless, after reading Angels and Demons, it seems very difficult for me to honestly claim The Da Vinci Code was a better novel. Angels and Demons is the type of fiction we all hope our children read because it will surely give them a deeper appreciation for reading. The novel is over 500 pages in length, and I eagerly devoured it in a few sittings. To all those who loved Dan Brown's most acclaimed work, Angels and Demons will surely please you. The novel is filled with sharp twists and turns, and although I was a bit disappointed with the ending, I must admit that Mr. Brown had me completely off guard. Let me finish by clearing up a misconception which might arise after people read this review. I was disappointed with the ending not because it was boring. It is quite possible that Brown surprised me even more than he did with The Da Vinci Code's ending. I was disappointed with the unfortunate truth I learned about certain characters. This, however, is only my opinion. Others reading the novel might love the ending, but for me, I would have liked the novel to end approximately 40 pages earlier.
 Just ok.  I feel like the author comes out of the gate with a very face paced story but then it begins to slow and become mundane.  Towards the end, I felt myself skipping pages just to get to the end.  Book drags on, could have been about 100 pages less and be perfect
 Dan Brown is a bit like a trainee-pilot.  Takeoffs, competent enough; level flight, just OK; but landings - a disaster.  There toward the end I thought I was reading a rough draft of an Eddie Izzard sketch, with each event becoming more fantastical (and unbelievable) than the next.<br/>There's willing suspension of disbelief and then there's Angels &amp; Demons.  Yikes! The plot is preposterous on its face and it's downhill from there.  There's this ancient secret brotherhood, you see.  And a devastating new weapon of destruction aimed at an unthinkable target.  Time's a wastin', so it's Robert Langdon (of all people) to the rescue!<br/>Langdon is a curious chap, obviously not a liberal arts major.  With all his degrees Langdon can out-Sherlock Sherlock one second and then turn up as a mud dumb bumpkin the next.<br/>Brown should have spoken with a few good Jesuits before he launched this epistle.  Taking down the Vatican/Vatican City (minus some 161 Cardinals!) will not destroy Christianity in general and the Roman Catholic Church in particular.  Where in the devil did Brown get that idea?<br/>And the prose! "Their eyes met, and then she dropped away like a sinking stone."  Ouch.  (Wait 'til he rereads that one years from now.)  How about, "The silence that followed might as well have been thunder."  Huh?  Just one more.  "The cardinals' accusing miens evaporated into aghast stares, as if every soul in the room were praying the camerlengo was wrong."  Hmmm . . . Haven't seen this type of hyperventilating obfuscation since Cold Mountain.<br/>In the future, Langdon would be well advised to subscribe to caller ID and screen the heck out of his early a.m. phone calls.  The world will be a better place.
 It was hard to put down Dan Brown's "Angels &amp; Demons" thriller. The story was fast paced, with lots of unexpected twists and turns and a lot of excitement. The numerous historical references and the details about the locations and organizations (CERN in Switzerland, the Vatican in Rome) all made the story come to life. Some of the science seems a bit far-fetched, but still the book was a great read.
 CHAPTER 1<br/>I don't mean for this to be a spoiler, but since when did<br/>artificial insemination qualify as the epitome of scientific technology? I mean (not to be crude), but it is no more complicated a technology than a turkey baster. I would have thought that, for all Mr. Brown's arcane knowledge on medieval minutiae, he might have heard of egg-harvesting, in vitro fertilization, donor wombs, cloning, etc; technologies that may have been worthy of bent-knee awe and reverence with more philosophical underpinnings than an American Pie gag.<br/>CHAPTER 2<br/>But artificial insemination? It would be as if Digital Fortress was about a really big abacus that had a couple of missing beads.<br/>CHAPTER 3<br/>Having recently read The DaVinci Code, Angels and Demons, and Digital Fortress in that order, I think I'm about ready to write a best-seller "thriller" of my own. It is almost paint by numbers. It works, but I just can't seem to get that Elvis on Velvet taste out of my mouth now.<br/>CHAPTER 4<br/>This is about as formulaic as it gets. You can see the story board starting with a clever ending and work backward to have all the pieces fall into place. Clue, if you like a secondary character in the first 50 pages in any of those books .... well, I wouldn't want to spoil it for you, but I bet you catch my drift.<br/>CHAPTER 5<br/>Perhaps Danny could throw us a curve next time and just have everyone "play it straight". Now, THAT would be a suspenseful read - waiting for that quirky surprise that never comes to pass.<br/>CHAPTER 6<br/>The historical research is excellent and gives an interesting perspective on what you might have in your mental world view database.<br/>CHAPTER 7<br/>Good books to read waiting between episodes of Monk if you're into that sort of thing.
 I'll have to say this book is one of the best I've ever had the pleasure to read. I thought it was the maybe even the best, but that was before I read The Da Vinci Code. Dan Brown weaves a tale that keeps the reader wanting to turn quickly to the next page to see what happens next. Robert Langdon is another later version of Indiana Jones, but to my way of thinking, the characterization of Langdon is even BETTER than that of Indiana Jones. I hold nothing but the greatest of admiration for Dan Brown for his intelligence and wit in the writing of this novel. And even more so, because Brown takes the reader where most authors fear to tread. And he does it so well at that. I only wish I could give this book a ten-star rating.
 Most of you, like myself, proabably read the DaVinci Code first and then were wondering if he was up to the task.  This book provides a solid foundation for the DaVinci Code.  Yes, it does reek of the same story structure and character development.  It is not that bad, somewhat predictable, especially if you've read the latter, but it does stand on it's own merit, to a degree.  If this were the first you'd read of the series, you'd probably like it, but I doubt you'd give it five stars.  I think Brown was working on his craft, and this is a valiant effort, headed toward, what I felt was near brilliance in DaVinci Code.  If you haven't read any of Brown's novels, but think this will give depth to DaVinci Code, honestly, don't bother.  DaVinci code stands quite admirably on it's own merits.  There are some incredible literary stretches in this one, that altogether discredit the story as a whole, but, hell, like movies sometimes, the suspension of disbelief is enough to hold the viewer, or the reader.  It's a good enough story, but doesn't transcend the ground the way that I feel the DaVinci code did.  I won't talk about that novel in specifics here, it is inappropriate, but that is closer to fully realized than this piece.  I am really interested in what Brown has to put forth following his latest.  I would love to read it.
 Like other reviewers I sought this book out soon after reading DaVinci Code.  I was a little disappointed because the format of events is irritatingly similar and he gets several facts wrong.  Specifically he has not researched his aviation facts well; distrating to me, as I am a professional pilot.  For instance, he claims the hypersonic plane in A&amp;D has a thrust-to-weight ratio of 25 to 1 and that normal jets have a TTW of 7 to 1.  This is totally false--modern jets are lucky to have a 1 to 3 ratio!  For instance, the Citation II I fly is a 14,500lb airplane fully loaded, with engines that produce 5,000 lb of combined thrust.  He also talks of Robert Langdon getting altitude sickness while flying on the jet at 60,000 ft.  This is ridiculous since he'd be in a pressurized plane where the cabin altitude is significantly less, maybe 10,000ft!  If these were the only errors I might forgive them, but they are not.  I have since found out that the Italian phrases are inaccurate at best, and it makes me wonder what else he got wrong.<br/>My advice:  Read DaVinci Code, then move on to other books.
 If you can look past all the errors in the book and suspend logical thinking, this book is a very good thriller (kind of like watching CSI or 24: Don't dwell on the implausibility of what's happening, just enjoy the ride).  Unfortunately, maybe because of all the hype surrounding these books, I was unable to overlook the blatant errors in logic and science.  I mean, there are dozens of books and TV shows discussing the theological theories and conspiracies proposed in these books.  I know nothing about these areas but I was unable to give them any credibility when the author made so many errors in basic science and logic (as an engineer, these are familiar topics to me).  Normally, I can overlook these mistakes when I'm caught up in the thrill of the book, but there were so many that it ruined the book for me.  For example, a major crisis in the story has to do with a bomb that has been planted somewhere in the Vatican.  The author tries to increase the drama by having the villain point a wireless camera at the bomb so that the good guys can watch the count down on their monitors.  Although they have many hours, the good guys run all over, searching in vain to find the location of the bomb.  It never occurs to them to triangulate on the signal strength from the camera to locate the bomb.  This seems to be such a simple investigation technique (heck, I think they did it on Scooby Doo), the fact that the book's characters did not think of it annoyed the heck out of me.  This sloppy science is carried over to the Da Vinci Code when, in the first couple chapters, the main character (and therefore, the author) tries to explain how GPS works and gets it totally wrong.  Five minutes on the Internet would have corrected this mistake - I mean, why put an explanation of GPS in the book if you are not going to investigate how it works.<br/><br/>As for all the conspiracy theories:  Reading them reminded me of the book, Chariots of the Gods, in which the author proposed that aliens help build the pyramids.  He supported this theory with drawings &amp; writings that he felt showed aliens &amp; spaceships.  His interpretations sounded pretty logical to a pre-teen kid. Reading this series of books makes me feel like I'm reading Chariots of the Gods again.
 The special illustrated edition of the Angels &amp; Demons was a pleasure to read. I had so much "fun" reading The Da Vinci Code's illustrated edition that I went out and bought this one. It did not dissapoint. I can't imagine reading those novels without all of the pictures. The illustrations really added a great deal to the story epecially since I am a visual person.<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons is truly a great novel that keeps the reader in suspense from beginning to end. Dan Brown does a terrific job leaving you with just enough info and suspense to make you continually have to go on and read the next chapter. It is a book that most will find hard to put down once they open it up. The illustrated edition makes it even harder to put down as you now no longer need to go to your computer to check out events, icons, places, etc. that are mentioned and shown throughout the novel.<br/><br/>While I enjoyed this book immensely, I would rate both the illustrated edition and the actual story line of Angels &amp; Demons a tad below The Da Vinci Code. I loved both novels, but Angels &amp; Demons was perhaps a bit too James Bondish. Some of Mr. Langdon's escapes from the hands of death, especially the jump out of the helicopter, was just a little too beyond my suspension of disbelief. I was waiting for Mr. Langdon to introduce himself as Langdon, Robert Langdon. But all in all this was another riveting storyline from Dan Brown.<br/><br/>This illustrated edition is rather clunky and heavy to hold - much like a college text book - but I do highly recommend this version. Having the 160+ illustrations right in front of you are worth the ungainly size &amp; weight of the book.
 A plot to blow up Vatican city with an evil mastermind Janus and<br/>an Arab Hassassin are not exactly foiled by the intrepid Robert Langdon. He also seems to fall in love with an young Italian biophysicist<br/>who is the adopted daughter of a Roman Catholic priest who has invented a method to make an capture anti-matter particles at CERN in Switzerland.<br/>The scrapes Langdon goes through really stretch credibility in this action and murder filled novel. I've read enough novels pretty much just like this one, that I can't rate it highly, even if the brand designs used on the murder victims are very inventive.
 Meet Robert Langdon, a professor of religious iconography at Harvard, awoken from his sleep and asked to fly to Switzerland.  There he finds a murdered physicist with an ancient symbol burned into his chest.  Could an ancient satanic cult be responsible?  What happens next is an exhilarating hunt through the streets of Rome to discover the secrets of the Illuminati.  The fates of the Catholic Church as well as the lives of four cardinals are at stake as Langdon crisscrosses Rome with the beautiful scientist Vittoria Vetra.  Although not the most gifted writer, Brown has a talent for teasing the reader.  The end of every chapter makes you want to read on and find out what happens next.  Each revelation leads to others and the pay off is worth the wait.
 Yes, I read the Da Vinci Code first, No I did not read the anti-DaVinciCode books, Yes I am still a happy Catholic and proud of it.  This is just a very good, exciting read no matter who you are.<br/>All religious and historical facts aside: this is an incredibly interesting read, you will learn alot and enjoy every moment, just buy it and read it.. with all the controversary you will gain points by being able to lend it to others.<br/>With religion as a serious factor:  even after reading the Davinci Code, Dan Brown actually illuminates (forgive the pun) the reason I am a Catholic, we can enjoy an interesting work of fiction and I seriously appreciate the facts that allowed me to become Catholic in the first place, such as the acceptance that science has real and intuitive discoveries and the each and every one of these discoveries only affirms my faith in Christ.<br/>With historical reality as a serious factor: I ended up reading quite a bit about how the fine details of this book were inaccurate as it pertains to religous interpretation and the exact positioning of Roman history.  To that end, I understand that Dan Brown took a lot of liberties, but unlike many people, i'm fine with that.  Just deal with it, despite those real flaws it is an excellent story.  It is fiction.
 With peace and quiet at home, I would easily prefer to re-read Plato's 'The Republic' or Homer's 'Odyssey'. But away from home, this is a nice choice to throw in the old backpack or cargo pocket. The pace at which the story unfolds captivates you to the very end. You tilt your head to wonder why Mr Brown put certain far-fetched outcomes and overly technical details into this book, but I found myself more interested in seeing what happens next than wanting to scream malarkey. I found this book more exciting than 'The DaVinci Code' and if not for the DaVinci Code's controversy, I think 'Angels &amp; Demons' would have made a better movie. This is one of those books you will likely finish rather than toss in the pile of unfinished paperbacks. Far from belonging on a classic novel list, but if you liked 'The DaVinci Code', you'll find this book just as hard to put down.
 A reviewer should not spoil a suspense story. And I won't.  But that sure ties a reviewer's hands.  How to criticize without revealing the story?<br/><br/>Our hero, Prof. Robert Langdon, is awakened at 5am on the day the College of Cardinals is gathering at the Vatican to vote for the next Pope.  Before lunch time Langdon has traveled from Boston to Geneva and from Geneva to Rome.  By midnight we have followed him on a tour of Renaissance sculpture scattered around Rome with Vatican archives thrown in for good measure.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is kind of a reluctant Indiana Jones without the hat or whip.  He's a walking encyclopedia on Renaissance history and symbolism.  Although he agrees to lend what knowledge he has to assist in solving the problem at hand, before night falls the professor's physical prowess is as critical to his survival as his mental acumen is critical to the salvation of the Church.  This adventure is a real page turner.  But . . .<br/><br/>I dislike incomplete wrap ups. I am annoyed by at least one loose end.  An innocent military officer is accused and promptly executed and yet only briefly referenced afterwards.  No mea culpas for his undeserved killing nor for the suspicions quietly leveled against him. It leaves a bad taste.  Worse, the final who done it - they done it - he did it was too contrived, just not plausible enough for me.  One minute, the character is strong and sane, next minute a murdering psychopath. Yet, a chilling example of "the sins of the father" etc.
 I picked up "Angels and Demons" because I wanted to read it before beginning Brown's famous "The DaVinci Code".  I was pleased to find it was an excellent stand alone adventure.  I devoured it in a few days, staying up late into the night several times.<br/><br/>The novel began by pulling me into the story with a compelling mystery.  Someone's been murdered and our main character has inexplicably been asked to help determine by whom.  Thus begins a fun and thrilling quest that takes our hero to Switzerland and then Rome, knee-deep in an ancient conflict between religion and science.<br/><br/>Aside from the fun story, the novel's landscape is scattered with fascinating science, art, history, religion, and conspiracy references.  While I read the book, I was often interupted by my curiosity about such things.  I found myself googling such things as:<br/><br/>-The Illuminati<br/><br/>-Papal conclaves<br/><br/>-CERN<br/><br/>-Bernini<br/><br/>-The Ecstasy of St. Theresa<br/><br/>I enjoy novels that educate and stimulate while telling a story.  If you do, too, you'll enjoy "Angels and Demons".<br/><br/>As the novel proceeded toward its conclusion, I was treated to many surprises, including the ending.  I was previously unfamiliar with the "thriller" genre of popular fiction and I certainly enjoyed my first helping!
 Another exciting book that was hard to put down -  I read it in two days. Brown writes in an easy, quick pace that makes you want to read on and on and on to find out what happens next. A good move with the short, page-turning chapters.<br/><br/>I loved the mix of religion and science and all the dilemmas, questions, unity and disunity it comes with it. Interesting spins on historical persons and fun conspiracy theories.<br/><br/>A good, fun weekend read.
 Angels &amp; Demons by Dan Brown is an exciting, edge of your seat, action adventure you will find difficult to put down. I was cursing the person who recommend I read this superb thriller, since I lost sleep at night just trying to finish another chapter.<br/><br/>This book introduces Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon, who we later see in the book, "The DaVinci Code". Langdon, although a normal human in many respects, has a modern human intellect which is pitted against centuries old tradition and genius.  Brown's story telling ability is outstanding. At many points I found my heart pounding, sweat running down my brow, or goose bumps appearing on my skin.<br/><br/>Brown mixes both fantasy, science fiction, and action in a very unique manner. Having studied math and computer science in college, I found the race against time and technology along with the mix of ancient traditions a refreshing blend to satisfy my hunger for a cerebral adventure.<br/><br/>I think you will enjoy the many turns this exciting adventure takes. Every chapter kept me anticipating the next move and wanting to continue reading.<br/><br/>I enjoy historical fiction because it makes me look further into the topics and actual historical accounts which where included in the storyline. Angels &amp; Demons spurred my curiosity on subjects such as the Vatican, the secret order of Illuminati, and the purpose of the camerlengo, or chamberlain.<br/><br/>I enjoy when factual elements are woven into a good story. Brown does a superb job blending the fantasy and history.
 This fast-paced, often compelling novel sets up the age old conflict between religion and science. Using the controversy between Galileo and the Roman Catholic Church as its overarching theme. Dan Brown in Angels and Demons teaches us much about the Illuminati, the Masons, anti-matter, the geography of modern--and ancient--Rome,ambigrams, and Vatican conclaves. Despite the inherent implausability of some of its elements the plot careens along; it certainly swept me up. This is not great literature, but for Robert Ludlum or David Baldacci fgans who appreciate a good story well told, this is a keeper! The twist, double twist at the end caught me off guard. And despite my initial disappointment I thought the ending to be just about right!
 Professor Robert Langdon, a world famous symbologist, is often called upon for his expertise in reading religious symbols and signs. Ironically, for someone so versed in interpreting biblical symbols, he is not a religious man. When a well-known physicist/priest is murdered, Professor Langdon is forced to travel out of his comfort zone to assist in solving the crime.<br/><br/>Initially, the murder is thought to be a random act of violence, but the large quantity of blood suggests something more. Further investigation reveals a plot against the Catholic Church by an ancient radical group known as Illuminati. Threatening the very core of the Church leadership, the Illuminati use a scientific breakthrough that will endanger not only the Church, but millions of innocent lives. Will Professor Langdon be able to thwart the intentions of this fanatical brotherhood?<br/><br/>ANGELS &amp; DEMONS by Dan Brown is an example of what every great mystery should be. There are elements of suspense, terror, adventure, and surprise. Just when you think you have everything figured out, you are thrown for a loop. As a reader, I was completely engrossed in this story and did not want it to end. I highly recommend ANGELS &amp; DEMONS to those who are looking to learn a little history about symbolic interpretations and to read a great mystery at the same time.<br/><br/>Reviewed by Simone A. Hawks<br/><br/>of The RAWSISTAZ Reviewers
 I absolutely loved "Angels and Demons"!  It is very action-packed, makes the reader think, is filled with surprises, and has a satisfying ending.  I would and do recommend this book to everyone.  The themes include science and religion, but in a unique way that if you're not a big fan of either, the story is just as good.  Another theme is secret-societies, which I found very interesting.  It is a great book for people who like to figure things out and be intellectually challenged.  Brown's style of writing is enjoyable and the level of difficulty is average, so many people will enjoy this book.  I really liked "Angels and Demons," because it caught my interest from the first page and held it all the way through.  It is a great read.  I highly and definitely recommend it!
 I agree with Ms. Lucia of Dallas Tx. The Illuminati was the perfect villain. The premise of the book was unprecedented, the insight into the Science and Religion, the detail travel through the dominant structure of the smallest country in the world was thrilling, and spellbinding.<br/><br/>I was in love with this book UNTIL about the last 50 pages. Then Brown seemed to not know where to take his main characters, or how to close out the book. He started using comic book type escapes and that pin pricked the crescendo he had built up in his reader.<br/><br/>I have not read The Da Vinci Code. If it is as everyone says very much like Angels &amp; Demons then I don't think I will purchase it. I think I will wait and borrow it from a friend.
 I find it hard to rate this book. It scores very highly for sheer entertainment value, yet the quality of the writing and of the presented "facts" is absolutely horrendous.<br/><br/>In fact, "Angels &amp; Demons" - and all of Dan Brown's writings - do not match the description of a "novel".<br/><br/>Instead, it should be recognized as a sloppily written but interesting and fast-paced movie script!<br/><br/>If (and it's a pretty big if) one can actually achieve the suspension of disbelief and overlook a host of abysmally bad lines, "angels and demons" makes for a highly enjoyable read.<br/><br/>The fast paced action and very graphic descriptions really kept my interest, even as I was groaning about grossly distorted (or just plainly wrong) facts presented in an unbearably smug fashion.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's novels have lead to an increased interest in culture, history and foreign travels in the general public and they are to be commended for that.<br/><br/>But if Brown's claim that he researches his books for two years is true, it's a frightening thought! Besides, whatever happened to his editor?<br/><br/>If you are looking for the perfect read for the beach or a long plane flight, this is it.<br/><br/>Just remember to switch your brain into autopilot mode first, or you'll throw this book away in a fit of rage!
 Wow hated the book. Loved the movie! To Dan Brown: have screen writers redo your next novel before it's released. They will improve what is incredible and implausible to credible and plausible.<br/>A couple examples of the screenwriters improving your story line: In Angels &amp; Demons the book, our do-everything hero, Robert Langdon, bails out of a high-flying helicopter without a chute and incredibly survives with a few scratches. The movie has the camerlengo going up alone.<br/>And, incredibly in what is clearly a mega disaster unfolding, the book had only the Swiss Guards involved. The movie had swat teams, commandos and other authorities involved in clearly an emergency situation.<br/>Finally, in the movie, Langdon was truly an academic, not Indiana Jones.
 Very late for this, I know, but FWIW: I found A&amp;D a great "light" read but will here simply mention an interpretational error Brown made in developing his story.  The ancient elements earth, air, fire, and water (as Brown arranges them) provide the entire structure of the book, but what Brown failed to grasp is that the order in which these elements are taken was critical to the pre-scientific view of the world, and he got the order wrong.  The actual order should be "earth, water, air, and fire:" that is, to the ancients earth was the heaviest element and was therefore found "lowest," at the center of the universe forming the bulk of the earth on which we live.  Water was next, not as "heavy" as earth and forming a liquid layer around it.  Air was third, having "lightness" and surrounding earth and water in an atmospheric shell.  Lightest of all was fire, shown by upward-seeking flames, and its shell extended out to the orbit of the moon.  This ordered picture is nicely shown in the famous diagram of Dante's universe:<br/><br/> ...]<br/><br/>A&amp;D is still a good read, but by not grasping the full significance of the order of the elements in the structure of the universe, Brown lost an opportunity to ground his story more accurately in the realities of history.
 Anyone else read this masterpiece by Dan Brown? I found it<br/><br/>appallingly bad. The plot is fairly clever and it should<br/><br/>provide a good deal of suspense for a reader who can suspend<br/><br/>their disbelief; but I fear that any minimally knowledgable<br/><br/>individual will find that their disbelief needs to be not so<br/><br/>much suspended as hanged, drawn, and quartered.<br/><br/>The plot centers on everyone's favorite hoary conspiracy,<br/><br/>the Illuminati, but Brown bases the book neither on<br/><br/>historical fact or any of the multitudinous conspiracy<br/><br/>theories about them, in favor of his own inventions. That's<br/><br/>fine in itself, though it might mean disappointment for<br/><br/>those interested in the subject.<br/><br/>I won't detail the action of the novel, rather I'll mention<br/><br/>a few points of fact I found rather incredible.<br/><br/>Start with a statement like the following. The sexy<br/><br/>super-scientist heroine explains that her father<br/><br/>"categorically proved the existence of an energy force that<br/><br/>unites us all. He actually demonstrated that we are all<br/><br/>physically connected . . . that the molecules in your body<br/><br/>are intertwined with the molecules in mine . . . that there<br/><br/>is a single force moving within all of us." (Ellipses in<br/><br/>original.)<br/><br/>This astounds the novel's protagonist, a Harvard professor.<br/><br/>But *gravity* would meet the description. (The heroine later<br/><br/>remembers telling her father, when she was a little girl,<br/><br/>that "Raindrops fall because *everything* falls!<br/><br/>*Everything* falls! Not just rain!" You might think she<br/><br/>would have remembered that later on.)<br/><br/>Then again, this genius of a protagonist not only lacks that<br/><br/>sort of knowledge, he knows many things that aren't so. He<br/><br/>translates _Novus Ordo Seclorum_ on the dollar bill as "New<br/><br/>Secular Order", specifying secular "as in _non_religious."<br/><br/>It actually means "A New Order of the Ages". He thinks of a<br/><br/>couplet as "by definition, having _two_ syllables." A<br/><br/>couplet consists of a pair of lines of verse, usually<br/><br/>rhyming. He recalls teaching his students that "The practice<br/><br/>of 'god-eating'--that is, Holy Communion--was borrowed from<br/><br/>the Aztecs." Christians had practiced communion for over a<br/><br/>thousand years before their first contact with the Aztecs.<br/><br/>In fact, many considered the Aztecs' similar ritual a<br/><br/>Satanic parody. It's not that communion was original to<br/><br/>Christianity--similar rites were practiced by multitudinous<br/><br/>religions and sects in the area where Christianity<br/><br/>arose--but the utter backwardness of the claim that astounds.<br/><br/>Harvard isn't the only place where people lack basic<br/><br/>knowledge. At the Vatican, the _camerlengo_--the chamberlain<br/><br/>temporarily in charge during the election of the next<br/><br/>Pope--doesn't know the difference between celibacy (no<br/><br/>marriage) and chastity (no sex). He doesn't know that the<br/><br/>Roman Catholic Church considers artificial insemination a<br/><br/>dire sin. He thinks (incorrectly) that it is not considered<br/><br/>an act of sexual intercourse.<br/><br/>Finally, most astounding of all, Brown tells us that the<br/><br/>creation of anti-matter in a particle accelerator somehow<br/><br/>proves that God exists and that He created the universe,<br/><br/>that it "prove s] Genesis was possible." Now, even if we<br/><br/>eliminate all the obvious absurdities in Genesis, the<br/><br/>talking snake, angels having sex with humans and begetting<br/><br/>giants, the flood, a person turning into a pillar of salt,<br/><br/>and on and on, and confine the claim strictly to the account<br/><br/>of the creation of the universe, we strike against an<br/><br/>insurmountable obstacle: Genesis contains not one, but<br/><br/>*two*, contradictory, accounts of creation.<br/><br/>And there you have it.
 No one can marry action, adventure and religion like Dan Brown. An intellectual thriller, once you start be prepared to read until you are finished.  Not only is his description of European cities better than any travelog, you will get a whopper of a Renaissance education in both art history and the church.  Basic a book about the war between science and blind religious belief, Brown is able to keep your attention without preaching or judging.  A great entertaining read all the way around.
 I could not agree more with the first reviewer. I enjoyed and hated the book (at the same time).<br/>I like escapist literature; but, I could not help being distracted by serious flaws in characters and plot. The plot twists at the end were disingenuous. Several characters were not believable - especially a certain cleric. Anyone who reads the book should not seriously dispute the duality of a person is rarely this extreme.<br/>A few more flaws to think about (if you read the book) - (I won't give away clues below if you have not): How can access/exit be made to CERN so easily without leaving ANY clues  and with a container - think about it security - camera  -  sign ins  - even at a medium security facility. CERN is high security. Check log at minimum - who last saw murdered man;<br/>Duality of a certain cleric: no warning - no signs - extreme behavior - no hints - completely out of character;<br/>Switch of loyalty (Swiss Guards); and<br/>Acceptance of Absurd orders - in apposition to higher authority's orders &amp; yet willing to shot/kill a superior officer without hesitation. Will not disobey an absurd order - will kill without a thought.<br/>I enjoyed the rapid pace and deciphering - (and could ignore the short time of genius inspiration). But, I could not accept the plot twists and felt deceived at the end of the book by cheap tricks.
 I feel like reading the very first rough draft of The Da Vinci Code. The two books have very similar formulas. Take Robert Langdon, the great symbologist, and bring him to a young female whose relative is murdered by a "secret brotherhood".<br/><br/>This book is definitely less enjoyable than DVC. It is less organized and less well-written. Also, it may be a matter of preference in spelling, but isn't Raphael's last name "Sanzio" and not "Santi"? Moreover, this book is more offensive because the character who represents the religious ones turns out to be delusional and a little insane. By portraying him so, Brown is basically saying religious people who think they really hear God are nothing but deluded/insane like the said-character.<br/><br/>The only thing I enjoyed from this book is the hilarous quote: "Carlo, your parents were both virgins."
 I saw some harsh critiques down there. This one isn't mean to diss anyone or the likes, this one is merely an opinion. After all, it's the essence of 'review'.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is a fiction writer.<br/><br/>Here's what you do when you read a fiction: You enjoy the plot, the twists, and the dialogues. Here's what *you* do when you read a NON FICTION: You argue about the truth of the facts provided. This doesn't mean that I will close my eyes to the fact errors in the book, but as far as I'm concerned, I bought a fiction, not a history book. A fiction is allowed to be as way-off as it wants to be, as long as the readers are pleased.<br/><br/>I certainly see lots of pleased reviewers.<br/><br/>On to the review, compared to Da Vinci Code, Angels &amp; Demons plays more in the field of philosophy and plot. Robert Langdon is a very likable character, Harvard Symbologist or not. He's not the tough god-like hero, he's just an ordinary claustrophobic guy with not-excessive courage and a sense of humor. He knows his limitations. He's just appealing. Some of his dialogues definitely cracked a smile.<br/><br/>Plot wise, to quote the 'formal reviwers', this is definitely a page-turner. I got hooked on it somewhere in the 6th chapter and spent the entire night reading the darn thing (Luckily, it was weekend). There were enough twists and surprises to keep me entertained and satisfied til the very last page. The philosophy is deep, and I'm personally impressed. What I liked most is the fact that Dan Brown wrote in such a way that first you'd lean to one side, and then the other side, and finally you'd return to the neutral ground. It's like reading a fast-paced, witty, persuasive thriller but in the end you just can't decide which side is the good, and which the bad.<br/><br/>It was definitely impressive :) For readers who like quick, surprising plot twists accompanied with light-hearted humor -- and not as difficult-to-conceive as Da Vinci Code -- grab Angels &amp; Demons in your neares bookstores.
 This novel is quite a good read.  Unlike what some have said, it isn't anti-Catholic.  If anything I was surprised by how positive it treated the church based on my previous reading of The DaVinci Code.<br/>One issue is how similar the flow of the story is to the previously mentioned work.  I found myself making comparisons all along the way.  Da Vinci is definitely a better novel.<br/>I really have to wonder about gravity after reading this novel...and that's all I'll say about that.<br/>Overall, a good read but don't do like I did and read it right after reading Da Vinci Code or you'll have too much déjà vu.
 This is a fast pased prequil that you do not have to read any of the other books for.  While Dan Brown got the Papal elections and some hisorical facts wrong, it was a great thriller and was well written.  If you haven't done so, read this one.<br/><br/>Dan Brown takes on the Catholic Church in a conspricy involing the downfall of the church and it secrets. Protected by a secret sect called the illiminati, a group of inteltuals who see science as thier religion.  It is centeres aourd the the Vatican the art of some of it's compatriots.<br/><br/>I had a hard time puting this one down.
 If you've read DaVinci Code, don't read this one.  Don't ruin it for yourself.  I think that reading Brown must be like doing a drug-- the first time it's exciting and you're willing to overlook the unpleasant side effects.  The second time you hope to re-experience the high, but just can't get there and the side-effects are worse.  With each successive new read, you're less and less satisfied and increasingly ill.  The sad truth is that Dan a)  writes the same book over and over and b)  writes that book pretty poorly.<br/>I got Angels &amp; Demons (on CD) to listen to while driving.  It was masochistic in me, as I have done this with other Dan Brown (DaVinci, Digital Fortress, Deception Point) books and knew in advance that without the ability to skim the irrelevant parts, the book would probably be maddening.  It was, and I've learned my lesson at last.  Dan Brown is just NOT growing as a writer, and there is no hope of finding that one really great book in his current oeuvre that makes up for the others.  I'd say the DaVinci Code represents the apex of his work<br/>Angels &amp; Demons has an interesting, if unlikely, premise (startlingly similar to that of the DaVinci Code).  It's just badly carried out.  As others point out, with ample examples, it's full of bad research, bad Italian, bad Latin, bad characters...yet the book desperately wants to come across as instructive and intellectual as well as entertaining.  Sadly, Dan Brown does not straddle that line well-- as one might expect from a professor, he does too much lecturing and as an afterthought creates an improbable,dragging plot to fill in around the (frequently incorrect) factoids he's presenting.  His characters speak to each other like duelling narrators on History Channel/Sci Fi Channel specials.  Even their thoughts occur in lectures, which can be especially annoying when they're musing about symbols while being shot at or suffocated.<br/>The characters are cartoonishly obtuse.  A favorite device in Brown's writing is for the characters to be presented with a surprising, but true, fact and to cry out "Impossible!" "It can't BE!" or some such thing-- this is forgiveable once or twice, but in an action packed book, it's exhausting to have to wait on every other page for the character's incredulity to turn to acceptance and then action.  His highly intelligent characters lack common sense completely.  They think, they rethink, they ponder, they muse... and eventually they act.  In the meantime yet another crisis occcurs.  This gets old fast.<br/>Brown is also incabable understanding that once we're given a certain amount of information about a character, we know enough about him/her to occasionally anticipate how he/she is feeling or thinking in a given situation.  He has to explain it to us at length, which creates distance between the reader and the character.  We can only watch Langdon, he's far too 2-dimensional for us to really inhabit him.  Brown must be the only English professor in history who does not live by the old writing adage "Don't tell, show!"<br/>Dan also lacks faith in his readers ability to follow the plot's twists or character's trajectories without beating them over the head with the relevant concepts or facts.  When it comes to suspense, he's so anxious that we won't understand what's happening that he gives ham-handed hints that ruin the surprise.  You find yourself hurrying to the end of the novel not to find out what happens, but to confirm that you had already figured out what happened 200 pages ago.  This is a problem common to all of Dan's writing in my experience.  It's not good when Jane Average Reader correctly interprets a symbol faster than Dr. Langdon, Harvard Symbologist and then has to wait a few chapters for him to catch up.  Dr. Langdon's Alma Mater is clearly a den of grade inflation.<br/>As for specifics about the CD version, I must say that the reader has a pleasant voice and can do some decent accents, but he absolutely butchers all foreign languages and English, to boot.  Eschew is pronounced ess-tchew.  Dour is pronounced doo-or.  Not pretty if you're bothered by that sort of thing.<br/>In short, you can enjoy this book best if you are a fairly patient and uncritical person and have no plans to compare it to other, better works by Brown or other authors.
 Hey, practice makes perfect. I can understand that, but I don't like wasting my time reading the ugly stumbles of an author trying to find his style. This is especially if you have already read The Davinci Code (A very good book). Angels and Demons is not a 'precursor' to the Davinci Code. It is a shoddy first draft with some slight alterations in the names of the characters and the cults. Even worse (for me at least), Brown's foray's into science are pitiful. It's as if he read a couple of 3 sentence science reports from The Reader's Digest and tried to weave an entire novel around them. This contrasts to his apparently decent knowledge of cults, sects, and societies exhibited in the Davinci code. In general, Brown's thinking is quite muddled. Here are some silly ideas from the book...<br/><br/>Energy and matter are interchangeable (E=MC^2)THEREFORE God must exist.<br/><br/>The X-33 spaceplane is the commuter plane of choice for european physicists.<br/><br/>It's OK to secretly store 1000's of kilotons of explosives (antimatter) in magnetic coke cans in the middle of a populated research institution without telling anyone.<br/><br/>Re-reading the Davinci code would be far more satisfying than trudging through this book.
 I saw this book on the shelf, having read Digital Fortress, and wondered  what Dan Brown was doing writing books in the genre of Dungeons and  Dragons, and similarly intense science fiction. I remember Digital Fortress  as an engaging and compelling dichotomy between the necessity to rewrite  the rules as technology progresses, and the equally important necessity of  protecting those "inalienable rights" written about in the United  State's constitution.<br/>I'm glad I learned not to judge books by their  covers; Angels and Demons was better than Digital Fortress. I found the  characters to be more believable, the setting more colorful, and the pace  even faster. This time, the dichotomy was set between Religion and Science,  complete with a deep look into the history surrounding their mutual  antagonism.<br/>The plot progresses slowly from the present to the ancient,  while the author explains in pieces why all of this will be relevant soon  enough. Furthermore, Brown provides just enough factual scientific  information to enable the reader to get caught up in the action, but not  too much to lose the attention of those who don't have a Doctorate in  Physics.<br/>I won't ruin it for anyone, but the ending is fantastic.<br/>My  only disappointment with this book has little to do with the plotlines, the  characters, or any elemental qualities. I just felt that, having already  read Digital Fortress, there was a formulaic quality to it the caused me to  infer the end.<br/>Either way, this book should definitely not be left on  the shelf due to its cover.
 Dan Brown sure does stick to a formula.<br/><br/>After reading any of his first four books, one can start a new one and pretty much figure out, if not what the central mystery is all about, who the real "bad guy" is, who the red herrings are, and can set their watch to the rhythm of action scenes.<br/><br/>This is not literature, but then again it doesn't try to be.  Brown is a twenty-first century Ludlum, king of the page-turner.  While "The Da Vinci Code" was his best-selling novel, I consider "Angels and Demons" to be his best.  It strikes a perfect balance of near-future sci-fi (written back in 2000, it opens with a trip to the notorious Large Hadron Collider, and handles the subject of antimatter quite compellingly) and old-world mysticism.  The Vatican is a perfect setting for a thriller, and Brown puts his knowledge of Italian Renaissance art to trememdous effect.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon isn't a terribly interesting character, and some of the action scenes (particularly the climax) border on ludicrous, but it's hard to criticize a book that, as with all Brown's books, is so difficult to put down.
 Like many other readers, I picked up "Angels and Demons" after finishing "The Da Vinci Code" and unfortunately, the two books are so similar that it made reading the second one almost a bore. Almost.<br/><br/>Despite it's blaring similarities to "The Da Vinci Code" in plot, the story was suspenseful nonetheless and had me turning the pages in anticipation. But like with many other good thrillers, once I finished the book and knew the resolution, I had no wish of reading it again nor did I remember anything particularly striking about the book. The most disappointing part was that because Dan Brown uses the exact same plot format for both TDVC and A&amp;D, I figured out who the "bad guy" was half-way through the book.<br/><br/>This is a great fun read but nothing about it is special. Even though I have similar feelings about "The Da Vinci Code", I found TDVC much more interesting than this novel.
 Being a Christian and a student of science, both this book and the Da Vinci Code was extremely captivating to me.  Nonetheless, setting the subject aside, the story and plot alone was incredibly attention-grabbing.<br/>  Although i love both books, i must say i took longer to read this than the Da Vinci Code.  But I'm not sure if it was because it's just a tiny bit less suspenseful or because I read the Da Vinci code first, and the novelty of Dan Brown's writing and style caused me to not be able to put it down.  However Angels&amp;Demons' story line was a bit more complex than the Da Vinci Code, and less predictable so that was great.  I had my suspicions of who the culprit was in the Da Vinci Code but when the culprit was revealed in Angels&amp;Demons, it hit me like a ton of bricks.<br/>  Some people might be annoyed with the author's attention to details, namely, the history, traditions, and inner workings of Catholicism and the Vatican.  I never enjoyed history in school, or any other liberal arts subject matters, but I feel his explanations and details necessary to the storyline.  These two fiction novels were surprisingly educational and I was glad to have learned so much after each reading.  Part of what makes these books so great is that they contains so many facts, which ground the stories and prevented me from thinking that the events happening were too outrageous/unbelievable.  I wouldn't start these books if you can't afford to lose sleep /put off whatever you were supposed to do!
 Tell me, who doesn't love a captivating thriller? A book that promises you turning the page in earnest to know what happens next? This is just that type of book. I've read it twice, and will read it again. And I can't WAIT for the movie to hit theaters, it will be just as fun to watch as it was to read!<br/><br/>Dan Brown amazes me with his powerful ability to twist fact and fiction to create his masterpieces. As in his book Da Vinci Code, Brown shows off his talent using historical information to create an amazing adventure, leaving me mystified and enlightened. With a delightful twist ending, I find myself wanting to read the book all over again. Through his characters' eyes, I'm able to grasp the brilliance and breath-taking power of historical art with a new appreciation and understanding.
 There's a reason you see so many people reading this book on the plane, bus and on their lunch breaks. It's nearly as entertaining as The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, the same hero from Da Vinci, is dragged into a murder mystery, and spends most of his time trying to solve a map of architecual mysteries left behind by the diabiloical Illuminati, who scholards had thought had once died out. As it seems, that group has returned to destroy the Vatican with a new weapon they've hidden somewhere under St. Peter's in Rome.<br/><br/>In light of the Pope's recent death, and the constant media dicussion about terrorist threats, Angels and Demons is particularly fun to read today, and will tide you over until Dan Brown's next book comes out.
 I started out loving Angels and Demons (very interesting plot) but somewhere along the way I began to question a lot of things. My first complaint is that Brown writing style can be termed "overly descriptive" which is probably why the book is so long.  The description of how a particular sequence makes the characters feel is far much longer than the dialogue.<br/><br/>I have gotten over the fact that all the action takes place in one day but I still can't get over the ending.  The plot progressed nicely from the beginning but Brown completely messed with it at the end. The book isn't for everyone. SOme may like the many sometimes unrealistic twists and turns but others may have liked the book to have less than one false ending.<br/><br/>Overall it was a good read. I may read another of his books
 I was unfortunate to read "Angels and Demons" BEFORE "The Da Vinci Code" because it was so great it made "The Da Vinci Code" seem like a disappointment (which it is not of course).<br/>"Angels and Demons" is definitely a book you begin to read and simply cannot put down. I heard this before, but this is honestly true of this book. From beginning to end, this book sucks you in and won't let go. Character development of both Robert Langdon and Vittoria Vetra is intense and fast-paced, as is the plot.<br/>After reading the book I found myself looking up the Illuminati, the Vatican, as well as antimatter and Galileo!<br/>Fantastic read; lead me to read all of Dan Brown's books, and I am biased, this is his BEST!
 Once I starting reading this book...I had to just continue to see where the adventure lead me. The story line is a little out there, but it is a great ride. Dan Brown seems to have a great attention to geographic detail. It is a very good description of Rome, well the places you could actually go to as a tourist.<br/><br/>The wonderful path of twist and turns we take through the Catholic Church, the Illuminati and the Science Community is proof of this writter skill at weaving a story to enthral us. If you pick up this book, read it without a critical eye, remember it is fiction. If you do this you will thourghly enjoy it. I will be looking for more books of this author by the morning.
 This book is yet another stupid and mind numbing FICTION novel by a guy that has a few bones to pick with the Catholic faith.  1st: I am not a catholic, but the way he attacks the catholic church in his books is bothersome.  2nd:  the fact that he presents his details as facts that have been uncovered, as opposed to details he made up is even more troublesome.  The guy finds names of old goups (secret societies as he presents them) and creates a whole new mission and purpose for their existance.  He even adds 1800 years to their age in the case of the the Divinci Code.  It is all very disturbing.  Even more disturbing is the way so many people mindlessly embrace his books as enlightening.  You are reading some of the biggest lies in the history of mankind, paying for it, and feeling like you have learned something.  It is SAD.  And that is without all the typos, mis-uses of words, and timelines that just do not add up.
 I'd probably give this book a 4 or 5-star rating if I hadn't already read Da Vinci Code.  I know, this logic doesn't make sense, but Da Vinci was cool and now this coolness factor has worn off.<br/><br/>The pacing and style of the book is identical to Da Vinci.  The plot is less believable.  The romance is not as subtle, but still subtle.<br/><br/>I'll give him the benefit of the doubt with the antimatter plot...but some other technical things that really bugged me:<br/><br/>  * Scramjets are far from becoming viable commercial transportation.  NASA's unmanned version barely works for more than 10 minutes<br/><br/>  * You can find a wireless transmitter by measuring the strength of the signal.  I don't care if it is super-high-tech spread spectrum...if you can already decode the signal, you can find its source<br/><br/>  * A battery-operated transmitter than can penetrate thick basements and walls?  Right.<br/><br/>The last sentence of the book is terrible!!
 This is the only book I've read by Dan Brown and it did not live up to the hype. The characters are predictable and one-dimensional. At times the "bad guy" seems like something out of a Scooby Doo episode. Sure the plot had a big twist, but it was quite a character stretch to get it achieved.<br/>I looked forward to reading this much-hyped series that had sparked religious controversy and promised unearthed secrets of the sordid histories of art, the Church, and science. However, the simplistic, uninteresting writing ruined the experience for me. The historic facts were intriguing--and they were all that kept me "into" this book.<br/>If what you prefer are more literary novels, don't waste your time on this. If you have less of a critical eye for literature and like an action-movie/thriller-mystery type of book, and if the writing style and character development are not important to you, then you'll probably enjoy this book. Many people I know enjoy the series... though I can't for the life of me figure out why.
 ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is a great book to read on a plane trip, because it certainly will hold one's attention and time will...fly.<br/><br/> If it is not as good as author Dan Brown's more famous book, THE DA VINCI CODE, it still is very good.<br/><br/> Just for imagination and story-telling skills, Brown deserves three stars. For the scholastic detail he brings to the tale, he earns another star. That extra fifth star is withheld because, despite the fascinating story, the tale is not as gripping as many other suspense novels.<br/><br/> Still, this is not to besmirch Brown's scholarship, which deserves to be described by that overused word, "awesome." And, as already stated, both his imagination and his story-telling skills are first-rate, no small feat in a novel this complicated.<br/><br/> Oh, what the heck! I'm going to grade ANGELS &amp; DEMONS with the full five stars. Simply coming up with the story was a work of genius.
 As you may have seen with previous reviews, the plot leaves something to be desired. However, if you can look past some of the more untenable issues in the book (I will let you determine what those are), the book has a very quick, action-packed story line. As a matter of fact, it all takes place within the span of a day!  Many of the characters lacked the proper background to make them more realistic/believable. Yet despite these problems, I enjoyed reading the book.  Hopefully Brown can come up with a new formula for his next book, because I think the religious conspiracy issue has been done for now...
 This book was my first experience reading anything written by Dan Brown and I must say it was excellent. The main character, Robert Langdon, is drawn into this adventure because his expertise as a religious syboligist is needed by the Vatican to confirm a symbol. And not just any symbol. This symbol is said to have been left by the infamous Illuminati, long thought to have been no more. From beginning to end this book is action packed and keeps you on the edge of your seat guessing what will happen next. If you have never read Dan Brown I would highly recommend this be your first book of his you read.
 From the moment I read the first page I was captivated by this amazing book by Dan Brown. Each word and every sentence that came from the mouths of all the characters had meaning and an important part to the mystery and suspense of the book. Each character was beautifully developed and carefully shaped to fit the part they take in the book perfectly. From the gecko, you feel as bond between yourself and the characters, making it feel as if you are almost part of the book yourself.  Each second of the book was a wonderful experience, as the main leads race the clock to save the cardinals that have been kidnapped from a satanic clan. A long-forgotten, underground clan seeks revenge on the Catholic Church and does all in their power to make the "war" public, for all to see. After starting this book I just simply could not put it down and I would suggest this book to anyone who likes a adventurous book with a twist. Dan Brown will keep you guessing until the very end! -Courtney C.
 This was the first Dan Brown book I read and I LOVED it!<br/>This was the first time I had read any of his works though.<br/>This was the first time I had been introduced to his writing style.<br/><br/>I couldn't put Angels and Demons down.<br/><br/>Every other book that I have read after that has been pretty much exactly the same thing. His plots pretty much don't change at all - only the setting and main characters. I've read all of his books so far (except the newest one The Lost Symbol) and I only really liked Angels and Demons and Digital Fortress.
 While I appreciated the various "puzzles" and plot twists throughout the book, I found a good portion of the story's twists a bit predictable. Also, a number of the events, while riveting in their delivery, weren't that believable, and might keep a reader wondering how the unspoken deux ex machina is going to save the protagonist, Robert Langdon, this time and the next. Considering some of the themes, however, it's a possibility that this was intentional.<br/><br/>Aside from the shortcomings mentioned just above, I did enjoy the story once it kicked into full motion, and found it to be an engaging read.<br/><br/>At this time, I haven't seen the movie.
 Overall, I would say the book was good, but no where near as good as the Da Vinci Code.  The book starts off and continues in a good direction.  You get a good feeling of the pressing needs of the characters and the desperation of the situation. However, the endings, which I will not give away, takes some interesting and superfluous and outlandish turns that I believe is more for shock value than plot completion.<br/><br/>I would recommend this read to someone who had loved the Da Vinci Code, but anyone who is mixed about the better first (although deemed a sequel) book, will probably be really disappointed.
 This is Robert Langdon's first adventure.  You can see a lot of the same elements in this story that Brown had fine tuned by the time he wrote his monster best seller.  I'm usually the last person in the world to say this but I think it may make a better movie.  Of course, Hollywood can still screw it up really bad.  I just think there was a lot, and I mean a lot of visuals in the book that was directly related to the story.  Having never been to Rome I was thankful for this,however, it does make for a long read at times.  I just think it could flow better in a movie format.  All in all, a fun read.  Expect more puzzles, mystery, conspiracy, etc, etc that you came to love in Da Vinci. If you loved that book you will enjoy this one.
 Like several other reviewers, I too read "The Da Vinci Code" before "Angles &amp; Demons." Although I thoroughly enjoyed both books, it is obvious that A&amp;D was Mr. Brown's first attempt at the Robert Langdon "series". Da Vinci Code is much more refined and unpredictable than A&amp;D. However, that is not to say that one will not encounter twists and turns on the journey.<br/>In addition to the mystery, Mr. Brown provides a background into religious and artistic history. His quality of research is comparable to what would be found in a work non-fiction on the subjects. The addition of facts in the book takes the novel to level not common in a typical mystery.<br/>I highly recommend "Angels &amp; Demons." I just suggest you read it before "The Da Vinci Code."<br/>"Tight Lines!"<br/>~..~..~.. &gt;&lt;((((*&gt;
 Angels and Demons is a must have book for those looking for suspense.  I've always been a fan of movies and books that have tie-ins with history and have clues that lead to a big chase.  Angels and Demons definitely delivers.  Also be prepared the story has a couple of huge twists that you never expected to see coming.  I found myself reading 100 pages a day and finished the book in a week.  I'm currently reading The Da Vinci Code which is the sequel to Angels and Demons and I cannot wait to pick up a copy of The Lost Symbol in September of this year!!!  Dan Brown is a genius.  This is a MUST HAVE book!
 In Angels and Demons, Dan Brown spins a pretty good yarn by mingling historical fact, fiction, some speculation, and some good story telling. As you will undoubtedly find by reading the reviews posted here, the book is, of course, not perfect in every sense ...but, which ones are?<br/>In ways reminiscent of older Michael Crichton books, Brown covers a lot of ground historically, technically, and in a more subtle way, metaphysically. What is interesting is the way in which the prodigious amount of factual detail is presented. It is almost always introduced by the varied characters, in support of their even more varied agendas. In light of this resultant point of view, the character's `facts' can be perceived as skewed, even flawed. That's part of what makes these characters and by extension this book fun to read. The mostly believable characters are not hollow representations spewing encyclopedic, impossible to refute, historical facts. They move the story along at a near perfect pace by presenting their case, their facts, viewed through the prism of their own experiences in support of their ultimate, sometimes hidden goals. It is left for the reader to weigh their motivations and determine the accuracy of their information.<br/>I think some reviewers confuse the characters' point of view with Brown's endorsement of the accuracy of their assertions. A lot of this detail is controversial as you would expect prompting some to brand it inaccurate at best or even propagandist in the extreme. Interestingly enough some of the details as presented in Angels and Demons and the Da Vinci Code are at odds with one another. For example: the historical role of the Illuminati vs. the Freemasons. Is it possible Brown got the same details wrong twice? Or is it really that the characters have differing views on the same pieces of historical detail?<br/>My criticism of this book (which some may see as a plus) is that it is very similar to the Da Vinci Code in just about every structural way. The basic premise is different but executed in the same fashion as its ancestor. The protagonist, the same Langdon from the `Code, meets up with just about the same characters, albeit with different names, come to some startling similar conclusions en route to temporarily cracking some age old mysteries.<br/>All in all Angels and Demons is a thoroughly enjoyable work of fiction. A beautiful by-product of which is that its themes may pique reader's intellect enough to invite them to perform additional research and heaven forbid read some actual history books.
 This book is an exciting thriller/ mystery. It is an immediate attention grabber and you wont be able to put it down. It starts with a professor at Harvard university that teaches about art from cults and different religious backgrounds. He is flown out of country to help solve a murder to a futuristic research facility. In this place they find a secret devise that can devastate a small city.<br/><br/>The characters are unique and well described. The writer paints a picture in your head and shows a new world around you.<br/><br/>The only con I have about this book is that it is not a fast read. I knew this going in but at times it really makes you stop and think about what you just read. And that really raises the read time.<br/><br/>EDIT: I am now adding on to this review for a school class project for another half of the book.<br/><br/>Where I left off in the first time it seems to have slowed down. It reads like everything has sped up or the intensity has gone up. But to me it feels like the book has slowed down. It takes 150 pages for it to say something that took 1 hour in the book. I get the point of being descriptive but it feels like the author is just slowing down the real meat of the book till later. It got to the point where before I couldn't put down the book to where now I have to stop just because it got boring. They are in the same place for 20-30 pages doing nothing. I am going to lower the rating to 4 stars from my previous 5 because of this. I am very hopeful for what is coming in the very last stride of this book. It looks like everything is going to happen at once. Updates to come.
 Dan Brown books are so formulaic that it is not even worth the time to complain about it. If you cannot swallow genre chestnuts, look elsewhere, this is not the book for you.  If you like your formula backed up with cool bits of semi-legitimate historical puzzles and religious research, then it may be exactly what you you hoped to find.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons is a lot like a roller coaster-- even though you know the big hill is coming, it still is a lot of fun to stick your hands up in the air and scream. There are no surprises here, but who cares? Buckle in, and enjoy the ride.
 If you'd pitched me the plot before I'd read it, I'd have laughed it off as outlandish.  Yet Dan Brown knows how to sell a story and his construction of a stand off between the zealots in both science and the Roman church resonates.  I found myself pausing to ponder the moral and spiritual dilemmas those whose would seek fusion between science and the bible face in their quest.  But it was hard to ponder very long -- I always wanted to see what was going to happen next!  I heartily recommend this book to those who appreciate a well-researched thriller, or just a great yarn!  Bravo, Mr. Brown!
 I read the Da Vinci Code before I read this book. When I read this book, I knew one of the main characters, the one you least expect, was the "bad guy" I just had to read the whole thing to see why he did it. (That is Dan Brown's formula.)<br/>It was interesting but the first half of the book about CERN and the conclave... BORING!!! The story did not pick up until the first cardinal was suppose to be murdered. As I was reading, it seemed to be getting more like science fiction than fiction, no pun intended. It was an easy read but I liked the Da Vinci Code better.
 This book was one I found at random and started reading it. It is a very detailed book that is one of the few books that you do not want to put down. I'll not give the plot away except to say that what the author told me through his book is that the ends do not justify the means.<br/><br/>(Update)Over the years I've got a little more critical of Mr. Brown so hence the lower rating. Here's the plot for everyone of his books.<br/>1. We have a problem<br/>2. Get investigator to problem<br/>3. Investigator can't figure it out and thus consults a friend who is an expert in the area.<br/>4. Chase various lower-level bad guys around<br/>5. Find out super villian is your friend the consultant<br/>6. Minor fight scene and all ends well.
 In order to enjoy any fantasy there must be a willing suspension of disbelief.  I can do this; I contain multitudes.  With a bottle of Jim Beam at my side I can accept the idea of a superduper Z-bomb whomped up by a lone scientist as a personal keepsake.  (Excuse me for a moment while Jim and I confer.)  By clicking my heels together three times and walking widdershins around a conveniently placed grandfather clock, I can even accept the notion that the entire college of cardinals in Rome contains not a single cynic.  As for the rest, the leaden writing, the dismal characterization, the improbable plotting--hah, trifles all!<br/><br/>On page 222 of the paperback edition (perhaps significantly one-third of the way to a notional page 666), there appears the following quatrain:<br/>.  "From Santi's earthly tomb with demon's hole,<br/>.  'Cross Rome the mystic elements unfold.<br/>.  The path of light is laid, the sacred test,<br/>.  Let angels guide you on your lofty quest."<br/>And this, false rhyme and all, is attributed to John Milton!<br/><br/>Read these, John Milton's own words:<br/>.  "What though the field be lost?<br/>.  All is not lost--the unconquerable will,<br/>.  And study of revenge, immortal hate,<br/>.  And courage never to submit or yield,<br/>.  And what is else not to be overcome;<br/>.  That glory never shall His wrath or might<br/>.  Extort from me."<br/><br/>Or these:<br/>.  "Hide me from day's garish eye,<br/>.  While the bee with honeyed thigh,<br/>.  That at her flowery work doth sing,<br/>.  And the waters murmuring,<br/>.  With such consort as they keep,<br/>.  Entice the dewy-feathered sleep."<br/><br/>Can I believe that he who said, "All is not lost--the unconquerable will" could descend to "'Cross Rome the mystic elements unfold"?  No, never.  I cannot, I will not accept that clip-clopping doggerel as Miltonian.  Here is such disbelief that, however willing the suspension, may not be overcome.
 I ran across Angels &amp; Demons right about the time The Da Vinci Code was gathering its buzz. I hadn't read the latter at the time, so it seemed appropriate to read A &amp; D as a prelude to the big event. Well, I hate to use the old cliche, but I began reading Angels &amp; Demons and I could not put it down. Dan Brown is a master at structuring a suspense novel. I found the plot engaging and the characters interesting, though I was a bit disappointed by the ending. Many readers might disagree with me, but I found Angels &amp; Demons to be a similar, but actually better written book than The Da Vinci Code.
 This book is good clean fun.  I usually don't read fiction but this was too good to put down.  There were glaring errors in quantum theory (the proton being the antimatter counterpart to the electron  ...more like the positron, and how much energy there is per unit mass) But hey its a good warm up for a guy breaking his free fall with a hand held parachute...  The book is so well put together I moved right past these sort of far-fetchers...  But hey it is great action and the sidelights of history (fact or not) are the fascinating weave Brown is known for...  Don't miss it.
 Fast moving and Electrifying allbeit extremely far fetched at times.  I found A@D an outstanding read.  All of those people nitpicking about scientific details should visit the Nonfiction section or read a Dictionary.  Brown uses some "factual" details to weave an extremely exciting thriller.  It takes elements from Indiana Jones/The Bible/Star Trek/Star Wars and any type of apocalyptic movie.  The one downfall is that this book is extremely similar to the Da Vinci Code. So I recommend choosing which one you are going to read first very carefully since you will no doubt be disappointed slightly when you read the other novel. Nonetheless both are well worth reading.  Enjoy.
 I finally read "The Davinci Code" after many years of studying the resource materials, and I loved the book so much that I read "Angels &amp; Demons," immediately thereafter.<br/><br/> I literally could not put "Angels &amp; Demons" down and read it in two days. For me, the story was very compelling and I was caught-up in the intrigue, Illuminati references and the idea of The Vatican being blown to smithereens.<br/><br/> At-first, it was very, very difficult for me to comprehend *why* someone would try save the Vatican from extinction--but, the author proved the case (priceless paintings, artwork and History)...so, I was able to get-over the shock of the motivation factor and delve into the story completely. As the hero raced-around Rome, trying to save the day, I could not decide which side to root-for. The author tricked me into sometimes favoring the Vatican (no easy task).<br/><br/> I was fascinated and captivated by this story and highly recommend the book to anyone who studies The Mysteries or just loves a good, past-paced tale of intrigue.
 First off, this book is most definitely better than The Da Vinci Code, hands down. Not to say that The Da Vinci Code was bad or not entertaining, because that certainly is not the case, it's just that this one is much more enthralling and had me staying up much later to squeeze in as many pages as possible, seriously. While the blend of science, pseudo-science, action, and conspiracy make this book so good and obviously contribute to why I give it five stars, my high rating is also due to the ending. Without and spoiling ahead, the ending of this book is so good because with 100 pages left I asked myself, "Isn't the book over? What else could possibly happen? Wasn't every sub-plot tied up?" Of course, I was wrong and the last 100 or so pages make the book a fascinating read and I highly recommend it to fans of the mystery/thriller/suspense genre.
 Finished this book in a day. OK it is not classic but it is fun read, with a plot exciting enough to keep me flipping the pages. I know this is fiction but Brown should have tried harder to get his facts right. I am an admirer of the great genius, Michelangelo and Brown has definitely erred in his reference to this great artist's works. First Michelangelo was not the architect of any stair case in the Vatican City. Second the Vatican does not possess any male nude sculpture by Michelangelo, with its stony penis removed . Dan's errors is irritating and a trifle irresposible. Still Angels &amp; Demons is great entertainment and will not be my last book by this writer.
 Aafter the hype of The Da Vinci Code I knew I wanted to go back and read the first book in the series.  The Code was alright but Angels and Demons was fantastic!  The story is rush with better characters and a smarter Robert.  The story and clues are grounded and keeps you guessing until the end.  The movie is good but the book is better.  If you can read only one book in the series read this one.
 This book was enjoyable at times and irritating at others. The plot is not as tightly constructed as DaVinci Code. Also, frequent references to the fact that Langdon wears a "tweed jacket" get silly/tedious...enough already, I get it, he's intelligent AND GQ/dappper. The book was interesting and suspensful, but often the suspense strained credibility to the point of silliness (e.g., jumping out of a moving helicopter and using a plastic tarp to "parachute" and safely land in a river) The book is longer than it needs to be by about 100 pages. Then at the end too many implausible twists occur and the ending is a bit of a letdown. The bottom line--this is an ok book, but it doesn't live up to the DaVinci Code.
 I literally could not put this book down.  It was recommended to me by the kid at the counter in the bookstore, and I figured it sounded like a good read.  From the moment I began reading it I was hooked.  I found myself holding it in my lap under my desk at work so I could read it when no one was around.  My family became used to hearing me gasp in surprise seemingly out of nowhere as I poured over the pages.  I absolutely adore this book and recommend it to just about anyone who can handle the religious content in an intellectual manner.  Not only is it a heart-pounding thriller, but also an incredibly fascinating read.  Can I possibly give something more than 5 stars...?
 I normally would give this book a 2 because the ideas are interesting, but since the rating is already so high I'm giving it the lowest score possible.  Like I said there are some interesting ideas in this book but that's where the positives on this book stop.  There are far too many incorrect facts and unnecessary situations where the story didn't require pushing reality THAT far.<br/><br/>The characters are some of the most shallow I've read.  These harvard and CERN geniuses are figuring out things 12 pages after I did.  I got very tired of "cat" reflexes and so many other cliches and how does someone say "no" with a husky, thick accent?  It's one syllable!  There's just so much additional, ridiculous wording.  I read at this level in middle school.  I wrote at this level in high school!  Both the author and editor are to blame.  And how did such a thin description take up 600 pages?  I think I'm having trouble writing and reading now that I've read this book.<br/><br/>Pick something else.  Throw this one in the garbage; better yet give it to someone you hate.
 I never like seeing movies until after I have read the book.<br/><br/>After the DaVinci code, I wondered why all the hype on Dan Brown.  I liked it, but was not all that impressed.<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons predated the DaVinci Code and is MUCH BETTER.  The plot starts with the theft of an anti-matter canister and grows into a challenge of science and faith. There are so many twists and turns you really don't want to put the book down.<br/><br/>This is an excellent piece of storytelling that will intrigue most readers right to the very last page.
 Yes, it's just a novel.  And I REALLY enjoyed the Da Vinci Code, which I read first.  But "Angels and Demons" and the "Da Vinci Code" are essentially the same book--same plot devices, same cut-out characters, same breakneck pace.  The Da Vinci Code, however, works much better--primarily because it deals with art, which is open to interpretation. Angels and Demons deals with science, which is either factually correct or it's not. Even the religious history is error-prone.  Small example--yoga is not a Buddhist discipline; it's Hindu.  Maybe I'm just a tough nut, but the suspension of disbelief necessary to enjoy the thrill ride of this book kept getting jerked away.
 If you've already read "The DaVinci Code" and liked it, then I suggest that when you read this "prequel", you can expect to:<br/>1) find the subject matter as inescapably compelling as last time,<br/>2) be amazed again at Dan Brown's extensive research,<br/>3) notice a number of similarities of style,<br/>4) find this book to be more gruesome and bloody than its successor, and<br/>5) have trouble believing the ending.<br/>I personally thought this was a great book, until I got about 80% through it. In the last 20%, I felt there were too many incredible revelations, unbelieveable escapes, close calls and rapid twists. It reminded me of some of the spoofs of Agatha Christie murder mysteries, where the ending consists of the uncovering of so many critical secrets, heretofore unsuspected motives, and changes of direction, that the entire conclusion dissolves in chaos, and smacks of an ill-conceived attempt to cram too much detail into a small amount of space.Overall, I'd say the book provided me with a few hours of solid entertainment, marred by an ending that I found to be over the top and unworthy of the rest of the story.It seems to start off as a bad science fiction novel with the protagonist whisked away to a European physics laboratory in a hypersonic jet which the author describes in a manner that would leave any space aficionado cringing. Once there, antimatter is described as something new, is "evidence of god" and is a potential energy source for mankind. Fortunately, the story settles down into a tale of a centuries-old conspiracy intertwined in an urgent puzzle that must be solved before the day is over.<br/>Throughout the novel, the author conveys a battle between science and religion that is both sensational and childish. However, he manages to always dangle a carrot in front of you to compel you read the next chapter. Perhaps the story is not compatible with actual history but it is not meant to be.<br/>One annoying "flaw" is that the secret society essential to the story wasn't completely secret. The author even describes a best-selling computer game that is about the society. The society is also exposed in detail worldwide on live television. The story would have been much more satisfying and intriguing if secrecy was kept.
 I read this book because I enjoy palace intrigue, thrillers, mysteries, and grand conspiracy theories.  On that level this novel worked and was a ripping good read.<br/>I also enjoy reading novels because I learn about things along the way.  But...<br/>There are more than a few plot holes to drive a truck through.  This is one of those novels where, the bad guy has planned things so carefully that if one thing slips up, it won't work.  That's bad enough, but when it also seems to involve the actions of the good guys, their being smart enough to pick up the clues, or dumb enough to miss something, as the case may be, then I give up, set my need for coherence aside and just enjoy a good read.<br/>I also know enough about the Catholic church, the particle physics community (I live near Fermilab, have studied the topic and have good friends who work there), and a few other things to believe that Mr. Brown seriously bent reality to make this novel work.  While I'd like to think I picked up a lot of knowledge along the way, I'm afraid I can believe nothing he's said.  Simply because I know he got more than a few things wrong.<br/>Back on the plus side, I enjoyed Mr. Brown's frequent discussions about science vs. religion.  I've been ruminating about some of these very issues recently, and his book helped me organize my thoughts and come up with some new perspectives.  I wasn't expecting that and it was a nice surprise.<br/>So enjoy the book and the philosophic discussions, but don't expect an education or a solid plot.
 This book has the same structure as the later Da Vinci Code (which I read first), to a remarkable extent: we've got a devious inside source leading an idealistic brutish assassin to do his bidding, the brilliant Langdon, beautiful European woman, family ties revealed at the end, dashes across countries, secret societies, hidden symbols placed by a great master, etc. But that's okay. Nobody expects Dan Brown novels to be Pulitzer-standard, and assuming you enjoyed the Da Vinci Code you'll like this one too.<br/>It's an unbelievable story requiring more than a little suspension of belief, but is an exciting, fast moving  page-turner (I read it in 3 days flat). Brown obviously did his research (the acknowledgements at the end include an artists who designed the 'brands', and somebody who got him an audience with the pope!) and captures his locations well. Those of us who have actually visited Vatican City and Rome can appreciate the wonder he instills in Langdon for the art and architecture. And secret societies and fine art are fascinating things - similarly to Da Vinci Code's Leonardo and Priory of Sion references, I found that there is enormous value added in that the book led me to read more about the Illuminati and Swiss Guard, and revisit images of the chapels and sculptures he mentions.<br/>Overall a good, light, read with a higher IQ than most popular thrillers (except the last line, a real groaner of a bad smutty joke). Perfect for a long wet weekend or for train commute reading. Recommended.<br/>One minor complaint from this European though - all those experts Brown consulted and he couldn't get a native to check the dialogue? Europeans don't refer to "city blocks", american sports or use american slang. They don't know who Peter Jennings or Dan Rather are. They wouldn't turn to MSNBC for breaking news (ahead of BBC or local Italian television? Yeah, right!). And BBC producers/reporters referring to MSNBC and US networks as their superiors? Would never happen in a million years. Sorry Dan!
 I work at CERN. This book's relationship to fact or anything like it is minimal at best. What a pile of garbage - the only thing you can safely credit is that CERN in near Geneva and that there is a huge accelerator (being built) there.<br/>Everything else is hokey baloney. Everything. Which means you really can't take anything he says seriously. At all.<br/>That in addition to being a Mad Libs/Xerox rehash of DaVinci Code. Which also wasn't terribly burdened with facts.<br/>The philosophy was laughable and... sophomoric. What can I say?<br/>That being said - when I wasn't groaning out loud, or laughing, it was an OK thrill ride. It's not worth all the fuss, though - this isn't in the same league even as Grisham or Clancy.
 I enjoyed this book even more than The Da Vinci Code, because after reading The Da Vinci Code, I was used to Brown's wild imagination and roller coaster plotting. Like The Da Vinci Code, Brown mixes fact and fiction into a thrill a minute mystery that will leave you amazed at his ingenuity and breathless at the fast pace. Sure, his science is a little weak and his history is often a stretch, but his inside view of the Vatican is wonderful and his appreciation for art and art history are an education in themselves. Whenever he seems to stretch his facts too thin, just tell yourself "it's only a story" and enjoy the ride. It's a lot of fun!
 Dan Brown's first novel was less sensational than his second more sucessful novel. But this overlooked thriller is better, by far, than his better known "Da Vinci Code". A more plausiable and engaging novel and it will keep you on the edge of your seat!The Pope is dead and The Secret Brotherhood of Illumaniti masters has obtained a terrible new weapon that threatens to destroy the Church and all of mankind. Robert Langdon, the art historian investigator has only hours to unravel the mystery of the Illuminati as they threaten to destroy the Vatican, the College of Cardinals and all of Christiandom!!! The clues are there in Rome in the art work and scupltures of the Eternal City. Can Langdon find the answers in time? Or will the Holy Roman Catholic Church become a thing of the past?  This spine tingling book published before The Da Vinci Code is as compelling and thought provoking...A MUST READ!!!
 The action in this thriller takes place within 24 hours. A murder takes place at the beginning of the book, and that sets off a chain of events that takes the reader on a fun roller coaster ride.  Detective Robert Langdon is called upon to help answer questions regarding a scientist's mysterious death. A secret society is found responsible, and what's worse is that a terrible new threat now looms over Vatican City. The secret society plans to demonstrate their power to the world through the destruction of the Roman church. Robert Langdon must decifer hidden clues to try and stop this sure disaster. Langdon is decrypting symbols and messages racing against time to stop a pre-warned chain of violent attacks from occurring.<br/>The characters in this story are developed beautifully. Langdon is interesting because though he's an expert on symbols, art and such, he still gets as confused as anybody would under such pressure-filled situations.  The murdered scientist's daughter is an amazing woman as well. She's so smart and graceful. A reporter and his camera woman show the selfish nature of a small sect of press that wants bad things to happen for publicity and fame. The other characters in this book are also interesting and believable.<br/>The action gets a little repetitious but it's interesting nonetheless.  The ending is a little unbelievable, but many things that occur are unbelievable.  I really, really liked the book and recommend it. Another thing I love about the book is that one can learn so much about life and art in that part of world. There's quite a bit of humor as well.
 If you liked The Da Vinci Code, you will love Angels and Demons! It's a great thriller! I've been on the edge of my seat throughout the entire book! I just can't seem to put it down! I keep telling myself, just read one more chapter. You get hooked right away and you can't wait to find out what happens in the next chapter. I bought the illustrated hardcover edition and have found it very useful.  It's nice to have a picture of what exactly Dan Brown is describing (which he does very well). I highly recommend this book! I would read it before the movie comes out!
 My girlfriend and I listened to this book on tape on a recent car trip.  It was entertaining, but not so much as Da Vinci Code, which I read recently and REALLY enjoyed.  The ending of this book is not satisfying, mostly because of the way Brown never really explains the technology-- the "anti-matter"-- that is at the center of the story's plot.  Supposedly anti-matter is the unification of God and Science, the reconciliation of those who want a universe governed by natural laws, and those who want God. It is the proof God's existence as an "energy" that can create new matter out of nothing-- as in Genesis.  Brown doesn't give enough detail on this.  Just keeps saying things like "it's all about energy" and "Genesis" or whatever.  And we never really know why the Church would feel compelled to cover up such a discovery, if indeed it is the "proof" of God's existence.  Anyway...<br/>But the anti-matter is hijacked by what we are led to believe is a secret plot determined to bring down the Church.  There are several details here that go unexplained-- why does the Pope's assistant, who is behind the plot, go through all the trouble to perpetrate his scheme through the code of the Illuminati, thus enabling Robert Langdon to piece together the puzzle and stop him?  Is this ever explained?  Also: Why does the explosion at the end of the book (the anti-matter in the helicopter) remain in the atmosphere and not affect the thousands of onlookers on the ground?  Can a person really survive a dive from thousands of feet into the air into a river?  The book succeeds as a kind of puzzle, similar to the Da Vinci Code, but in that book the code breaking was more intriguing and detailed.  The Illuminati history is also interesting, but not so much as the Priory of Sion conspiracy of DVC.<br/>I'll be honest: my favorite aspects of the book (the parts that most entertained me) were also what I considered the stuff most worthy of ridicule-- the goofy character sketches that rely heavily on products and the material possessions of characters.  My favorite detail here is Robert Langdon's Harris Tweed sportcoat.  Every time we turn around we get another dose of Langdon's professorial ambience.  Love it!
 All Dan Brown's writing is junk and this one is no exception. How he manages to sell so many copies makes you wonder if miracles really can happen.<br/><br/>The writing is trashy, the characters are no more than a name and a description, and the conversations contrived and flat. If the writing is not bad enough fro you, then consider his "research" - the factoids that Brown so proudly shows off to us the ignorant masses. Hatha Yoga is a Buddhist exercise? The X-33 space shuttle can take off like a regular plane - a Boeing project?? The Illuminati a Satanic cult??? Makes you wonder if Brown gets his "facts" from the National Enquirer.<br/><br/>OK, it's a novel. But a very low-octane one. Feels like you are reading a cheap tabloid.
 This is the first time I've ever been compelled to write a book review on Amazon, but the absolute ridiculounsness of this novel forced my hand.  After all of the controversy surrounding Dan Brown's work, I picked up this book hoping to be both entertained and challenged.  I'll admit that I was both, but not in the ways I had hoped; I was entertained by the laughably bad writing and constantly challenged to take any of the plot seriously.  Dan Brown is quite honestly one of the worst writers I have ever read, and I refer to his WRITING skills, not his plot building skills.  The dialogue feels like it was cobbled together from scripts of 1960s spy films--distinguished scholars, scientists, and the world's most powerful religious men speak with all the eloquence of a clueless teenager babbling into a cell phone.  The result is that I found it impossible to care about the characters in any way.  Most frustrating of all is the completely cardboard romance Brown tries to build between the two main characters.  Not only that, but the plot itself is formulaic and predictable.  (I made my correct prediction of the mystery on page 175 of nearly 600).  Considering how many people seem to take Dan Brown's assertions on religion, art, and history as truth, and considering how many blatant errors I was able to identify as a lay reader is absolutely frightening.  Did this man not have access to an editor?<br/><br/>To put it bluntly, this novel is trash.  Being a trashy novel is not necessarily a bad thing (hey, we all need some light summer reading, right?), but how this man's work has been taken so seriously is astounding.  Most other reviewers have said this and I will echo their sentiments: this novel is fun, and if you can get past the clunky writing you will enjoy the fast-paced (albeit often laughable) plot.  If you need proof that this novel is trash, just flip to the last page and read the last two lines of dialogue--I thought I might die laughing.  Go ahead and suspend belief while you read the book, but PLEASE come back to reality when you're finished with it.  This guy is not an authority on anything, and this book is certainly not representative of deeply meaningful and deeply important literature.  If you're looking for literature that will make you think, and give you adequate material to think about, look elsewhere.
 I devoured this book in a few days, something I haven't done since high school.  I truly could not put it down toward the end and could really feel my heart racing.<br/>While the plot does follow a well-outlined suspense plot, there are a few unforeseen twist which I found inspired.  Very inteligent without being didactic, this book was able to teach me a few things which I then spent hours researching.<br/>I'm not usually a suspense reader, and would recommend this book to anyone, regardless of their usual fare. (I would also like to point out that I would not do the same for DaVinci Code.)
 While this is an entertaining book, there are two main flaws in it, which, depending on how important you think these flaws are, may mean that you do not enjoy the book.<br/>Firstly, although (like 'The Da Vinci Code') it is full of fascinating historical information, the writing itself is not good. There's a slightly cheesy style to it (the last line is 'You've never been to bed with a yoga master, have you?'), a predictability in the love story (`Looking at (Vittoria), Langdon felt something stir within him that he had not felt in a long time') and phrases such as `You've got one sick imagination, lady, but you are quick'.<br/>Secondly, towards the end the plot is too complicated. Other reviewers have considered this an aspect of the `breathtaking ride to the very end'. The book does contain one last final twist or `big bang' as another reviewer put it. However, personally I disagree. I consider the ending much too far fetched. The book could easily have finished at chapter 128 (and would have been better for the early ending). The final twist is not pulled off well. It brings in too many points right at the end of the book and, rather than being whirlwind, it is scattered, stretched and implausible in light of the rest of the novel. It is also, although not expected (as it is too far-fetched) it is simultaneously predictable - as in `The Da Vinci Code' and `Deception Point' - the character in the novel who is the ultimate good guy, is, of course, secretly the bad guy.<br/>However, Brown's knowledge of historical events, descriptions of works of art and sculptures are all impeccably accurate. So it is really a personal decision as to whether accuracy or good writing are more important to you!
 `Angels and Demons' has all in it to be quoted as the `universal best seller' as it was rightly done in the New York Times. But the novel gained recognition only after the release of the controversial `The Da Vinci Code' a novel that faced a lot of opposition from the Vatican and other catholic sects. The author of this novel, Dan Brown is known for his wonderful gifted ability to weave fiction and fact as one. His familiarity with science and Vatican are clearly visible in this novel. Starring in this novel is the fictional Harvard University Symbologist, Robert Langdon. He is familiar to the ones who read Brown's previous novel, as he was the one who played the leading role in that novel too. The display of his academic skills in this novel once again has caught the readers' mind. The heroine of this novel, Vittoria Vetra is also a brilliant academic, whose father gets killed by the Assassin who is hired by the Janus. Janus is none other than the Camerlengo, in disguise, whose real face is revealed in the longrun. The author has portrayed all his characters in a fantastic manner. In the case of the Assassin, he is portrayed as a character of shear power and brut force. The reinvention of the Illuminati is a master stroke, although that does not have any impact on the end climax, as it was a tool used by the Janus to guise himself from the outside world. The Camerlengo's instant transformation into a God like thing comes in as a real surprise. But soon his real face is revealed in the climax. This novel when released was also not short of controversies. Despite all that, the novel has managed to come out as a universal best seller. All credits to Dan Brown
 Two days is how long it took me to read this book. I am usually A.D.D. when it comes to reading, taking me a few weeks to read a good sized novel. However, Angels and Demons is a breathtaking attention getter that was far more interesting and suspenseful than any television program I could have watched instead. I sat for hours reading chapter after chapter. There is not a single lull in the book in which to get bored with. I was fascinated by all of the religious symbolism and how mosty accurate Dan Brown was with the inner workings of the Catholic church. I highly reccommend this book to lovers of mystery, suspense, science fiction, and adventure.
 I have to admit, this book kept me on the edge for a long time. I enjoyed the plot, and ended up finishing it in three days. However, there are other errors in the book that irk me aside from the Latin and historical mistakes. Robert Langdon bugged me the most. I actually have a problem with most of Brown's characters (except for the Englishman in The Da Vinci Code), but I decided to choose Langdon to pick on.<br/>The problem with Langdon is that he's nearly perfect. He doesn't have many faults, and his character is two-dimensional despite the odd quirks of claustrophobia and his Mickey Mouse watch. Brown portrays him almost like James Bond with a chivalrous touch: intelligent, thoughtful, distinguished, and, though modest, still vain enough to keep up a good physique. He's never held a gun before, but still manages to fire the Hassassin's toe off, and he still ends up getting the chick in the end (in the Da Vinci Code as well). Still he has a child's troubled past of his father's death and his own incident where he fell down a well. Just enough background information to make you feel sorry for him. Now what man wouldn't want to be Robert Langdon?<br/>I think both Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code have wonderful fast-paced plots, but Brown needs to work a little on character development. Also he wrote phrases like, "If the killer were inside..." when you're supposed to say, "If the killer was inside..." You say "The killer was inside," not "The killer were inside." I'm 14, and I know that. For the grammatical errors, I'll also blame the editor who should have caught them.<br/>All in all, three stars, because the writing and characterization was poor, but the plot was still full of cinematic twists, and turns, and unexpected surprises that fully engross the reader. I also enjoyed the morbidity of the murders.
 Angels &amp; Demons is the kind of book that only succeeds for me if I find it difficult to put down while reading. From this standpoint, this is a great book. It reads easily, has an engaging story, and doesn't lack for thrills, action, mystery, plot twists, interesting settings, and a palatable (i.e. very slight) amount of romance. For those looking for a bit more depth, Brown has even provided a few thought-provoking comments on the state of Roman Catholicism.<br/>If I have any objection to the story it's that the ending is a bit much. It makes for thrilling reading, but I felt a bit overwhelmed after the fourth or fifth plot twist. Other readers' tolerance for wild endings will surely differ from mine.
 It's hard to believe that most of Angels and Demons actually takes place in less than a day. It starts off with a bang and never lets up until the end, keeping with the 'we-must-get-there-before-it's-too-late!' atmosphere. There were plot twists and revelations every few pages to keep things going; it'll keep you at the edge of your seat throughout the entire book without a pause for breath.<br/><br/>The occasional history lessons and facts were actually interesting, despite the fact that they interrupt the fast-paced narration. However, since they were crucial to the plot, it was fine. It was educational in very bipolar sectors, from the history of religion to cutting-edge science. Some 'surprises' will be of the expected kind if you've read books like this, but the final twists at the end really saves it all.
 This book is a brillant antidote for those not motivated to read.  Having traveled in Europe many times, I found myself double checking some of the author's descriptions and references to historical landmarks, etc. as Dan Brown's descriptions of them are exquisite.  One has to temember this book is classified as "fiction" by its author. It's meant to be an interesting read and to that end the author accomplishes that goal very well.  If you enjoy the author's style of writing, I strongly recommend reading Angels and Demons first and then The Da Vinci Code.
 While I know there well over 1200 reviews of this book out here on this site, I gotta throw my two cents in! I LOVED THIS BOOK! Some of it is grizzly! REALLY GRIZZLY but man it is a thrill ride from the word GO! The first page starts with a brutal murder of a brilliant physicist and the book does not let you put it down til you read that last page! While all the facts maynot be accurate WHO CARES... We are reading for pleasure people! This is not a text book presented as fact. It's a fun romp though Europe! I for one love the liberal peppering of actual art and architecture in this book! I have to say it was hard to read the book and type the locals and the art pieces in to google at the same time (but I did it and enjoyed it!).  This was a great precursor to The Da Vinci Code. It wets your appetite for the next course.  We have a new hero in the vain of Dirk Pitt and Jack Ryan and his name is Robert Langdon. Let's hope that Dan Brown gives us many more adventures!
 Really enjoyed the book very much. It was very hard to put it down and stop reading. Also could not wait to get back to it once I HAD to put it down.<br/><br/>Very informative about the Vatican and Rome. I have been to Rome once but I feel I want to go again and use this book as a travel guide. Also the ambigrams were fascinating to look at.<br/><br/>A word of warning! If you have a little kid in the house and you are supposed to take care of him/her then DO NOT read the book while you are supposed to be looking after the kid. My 10 month old son had done a lot of damage to his room while I was engrossed in the book and I got an earful from my wife. I dread to think what will happen when I start reading the next Dan Brown novel..
 At the beginning I really liked Dan Brown's novel. It has an interesting story, an historical background, it comes up with some nice facts and so on....<br/>As the end, however, Dan Brown seemed to have lost ideas. The strangest coincidences happen and the whole story gets more and more confusing. The highlight of dumbness is when Robert Langdon jumps out of a helicopter and doesn't get injured at all (don't try this at home...you'll definitely die).<br/>Nevertheless there are worse books on the market and if you have some time and want to be entertained without using too much of your brains, have a look at "Angels and Demons".
 This novel attempts to breath life back into the ancient struggle of science vs. religion.  Along the way, it introduces the average person to some startling facts about European history and modern science.  However, this book shows a surprising lack of thought and depth when wading through an otherwise interesting plot line.<br/>Robert Langdon is a Harvard "symboligist", which the author never lets us forget, through numerous flashbacks to Harvard and numerous references to Harvard life.  As I read through this book, I began to wonder if attaching Harvard to Langdon's name was intended to make us believe he was more intelligent than he came off as.  This story revolves around Langdon's impressive knowledge of "symboligy" and the Illuminati, which might have made for a stunning novel if the author had bothered to do more than Internet research on both.<br/>One of the most disappointing aspects of this novel are the puzzles, which are often so quickly solved by the reader, that one will find themselves tapping their foot for two chapters as the characters laboriously trudge through these simple clues.  Furthermore, despite being an English major, Brown completely missed the fact that modern English is spelled differently than olde English, something that all of the clues in this book hinge upon.<br/>Another issue I have with this novel is Brown's puerile writing style.  For a best selling author, and he being an English major to boot, I was expecting better structure.  His chapters almost fall into a formulamatic sequence with awful foreshadowing such as "...if he had only realized the trouble he would be in, he wouldn't have boarded that helicopter." (sic)  While not a direct quote from the novel, I recall something very similar.  Additionally, he attempts to complicate the plot by giving the reader insight into the mind of several characters, however looking at the case of the novel's ultimate villain, he changes the character's personality 180 degrees in order to explain the ending, which really soured me to the novel.<br/>Despite glaring mistakes on the author's part, this book is entertaining to read. However, like his book "The DaVinci Codec" this book offers very little in substance for the smart reader, but is a very enjoyable novel to pass the time with nonetheless.  I realize that I somewhat trashed this novel, but I do feel that this novel is entertaining, much like a Hardy Boy's novel.  It should not be compared Umberto Eco, who is the real version of Robert Langdon, a true philologist.
 I read this book after having read "Da Vinci Code."  At one point in this book, I thought that perhaps Brown was writing a parody of adventure/conspiracy novels, because some of the things that happen are utterly absurd and even beyond suspension of belief (like a guy falling from a helicopter and landing in the Tiber river, then "being treated" at the hospital and released!)  I am an art professor and teach art history (although without a Ph.d.) and I can tell you that Brown's celebrated "research" is a bit over-rated, at least when he's writing about art.  I groaned out loud when I read that Robert Langdon, the hero Art History professor from HARVARD (!) had "forgotten" but now just happened to<br/>"remember" that there was an angel in the composition of Bernini's famed "Ecstasy of St. Teresa."  A kind of "oh, yeah, hey!  I had forgotten about that!" moment.  No way.  I can tell you with 100% confidence that there is not an art historian in the world, much less one that teaches at an institution like Harvard, that would have forgotten the angel in that work by Bernini.  He then has it that the angel's arrow provides a clue to the next Illuminati "altar of science" across Rome, as if the arrow points in a direction that would be useful for mapping out the mystery that Langdon is trying to understand.  But, as even a good photograph will show (and I have seen the work itself on four occasions) the arrow points somewhat off to the side of the saint and downward.  If Langdon were to follow its direction he'd be digging holes in the ground underneath Santa Maria Vittoria.  Knowing that Brown writes so carelessly about real things that I know something about makes me wonder about his "research" in other matters.  I think this is worth mentioning, because apparently many people read Dan Brown because they think they are going to learn something about the real world in the process.<br/>In spite of these flaws, the book was fun to read, so I give it three stars.
 I, like most people, read this book out of publication order with the Da Vinci Code (DVC).  I recall in reading DVC a few years back and, while not being overly impressed, did basically enjoy it.  Though I had been given a copy of Angels &amp; Demons (A&amp;D) a long while ago, I guess the advertising for the current movie worked well enough to get me to finally read it.<br/><br/>Suffice it say, it is clear why A&amp;D wasn't a runaway hit on its own merits when first published.  I am operating a bit from long term memory, but it seems to me that, with DVC, there was improved editing and some of Brown's more annoying stylistic tendencies were more moderated (whether credit should go to the author or his editor, I do not know).  A&amp;D , on the other hand, feels far more a journeyman's effort, one well-informed by the clichés of movies and television.  I found myself consistently ahead of the reveals and continued reading it primarily to see how much more laughable it might get.  Though I doubt I will actually do this, I wonder if I were to go back to re-read DVC whether my original opinion about it would suffer or not.<br/><br/>My wife and I spent about 15 minutes throwing the passage below back and forth as our expectations about the third Langdon installment:<br/><br/>Robert Langdon stood in awe of the private collection antechamber of  De' Librarie aus Belgique am den Siene.  Though it was configured much like the hundreds of other libraries throughout the world that Langdon had visited, he knew he was the first American ever allowed in these facilities.  He felt deeply honored. What must the restrooms be like!<br/><br/>His mind then returned to thoughts of his recently introduced companion as she strode methodically towards the stacks of dusty tomes full of ancient and secretive onion farming commune histories. Katriene Revchenko was clearly half his age which made Langdon aware of his own age primarily because of the comparison.  She bore down upon the research task at hand with a quiet ferocity and measured independence despite the recent and horrific murder of one of her favorite male relatives.  Though it was only the merest inkling, Langdon sensed that a romantic bond might glacially simmer into existence between them if they were to spend the next several hours in constant mortal peril.<br/><br/>Katriene's husky purr floated around the corner of the aisle, "Robert, look!"<br/><br/>Langdon upped his leggy tempo and reached Katriene who was perched shoulder-high on the library ladder.  As she held down a heavy volume, he noticed a lovely view of tanned thigh sliding into black lace but resisted the urge to step up and nuzzle the exposed flesh.  "What's going on here?" he asked instead, taking shelter in academic inquiry.<br/><br/>Langdon then noticed that the ladder was made of Sardinian mahogany.  He thought back to when he was first made aware of the existence of this wood.  It was several years ago, at the Bris for a colleague's son.  As he watched the ceremony, his noticed the exquisite darkly streaked wooden box that contained the Mohel's instruments.  Afterwards he approached to ask about the unusual wood out of which the box was constructed.  "Oh, yes." responded the Rabbi as he wiped away loose pieces of foreskin, "It is Sardinian mahogany; its dense grain and growth within southern Italian micro-climates makes it optimal for the storage of the tools of my trade." And for the finest library ladders as well! realized Langdon who often confused pointless trivia with useful professional knowledge.<br/><br/>The elderly and squat Chief Librarian warily eyed the couple from high upon the central dais.  Though it was he who had set the whole terrible plot in motion and had secretly hired the deadly and devoted killer with a notable skin condition to obtain the artifact, he was presently thinking only of the negative publicity that might be brought to the Library by this interloping American and his comely and vaguely eastern European companion.  The time will come when I think more directly about my involvement in this conspiracy but, for now, I will think only of mundane matters or perhaps a key incident from my younger days! Maybe about the time I was a fledgling onion farmer, a story that my assistant tends to allude to mysteriously when welcoming to visitors to the Library.
 This book is pathetic...it is almost a bad comic book translated into text. The personalities of the characters are stereotyped and unidimensional, things happen without reason. The vilains are as credible as Batman's Penguin. In fact, nothing in this book is credible, from the ultra-sonic space ship-like plane to anti-matter bombs. The heroin's father dies and she has the reaction and feelings of a Miss Universe competitor talking about world peace.<br/>It is possible to write a book using fantasy, if you are able to have some drama and some good characters (check Jules Verne). This is not the case. This book sounds like two guys got together for beer, and after drinking a dozen, started to think about a story, adding a character here, an action scene there, a fantastic gun there. The they add the patches together and make a book.<br/>It is a mystery to me how this book is a bestseller.
 Angels &amp; Demons is an extremely enjoyable work.  Few books that I have read have enthralled me as much as this book has.  I really loved the characters, the ever-changing plot, and the author's style.  Also, the book is very informative, giving the reader a great overview of modern science and Catholicism and how they attempt to help us better understand ourselves and our destiny.  Angels &amp; Demons has that "thriller", non-stop twists and turns feel to it, and it makes for great reading.  I feel that the vast majority of people will enjoy this book and be quenching for more Robert Langdon adventures.<br/>I have read reviews bashing this book's historical/lingustic errors, its cliche characters, and many events in the book.  As for the errors, I myself did not notice any major errors in the presentation of the story, rather I felt the historical, geographical, and linguistic content greatly enhanced the book's value.  The Illuminati and antimatter descriptions and treatment were superb.  I don't think that any minor errors will detract from the atmosphere and background of the story.  I truly loved the characters in Angels &amp; Demons.  Langdon and Vittoria are really great protagonists who are worldly, motivated, and passionate.  The other major characters (Kohler, camerlengo Ventresca, etc.) in the book all have unique motives and personalities.  True, there may be some character cliches (i. e. the frantic "get-the-story" media), but they will not detract from the experience at all.  As for the implausible events, I particularly loved the ingenious ways Langdon and others succeed and fail, and none of them seem too far-fetched for a good story.  The events, story, characters, and history mesh extremely well together in my opinion.<br/>To sum up, read this book and decide for yourself.  Get caught up in the Robert Langdon excitement, I don't think you'll be disappointed.
 Finally...maybe after close to about 4 days of sparse reading, I managed to complete "Angels and Demons". Honestly speaking, this novel is certainly worth the read. The author "Dan Brown" does a neat job of comparing Science and Religion, however he does injustice to religion by making science win. Though the cold war of science and religion started ever since man first started questioning whatever the church said, it was sad to know the methods the church tries to use to prove something. whats even more sad is when there is evil within the so called home of god. I am not a believer in God, but am a firm believer of Science. As much as I am thrilled by the victory of science in this fictionous novel, and as much as I would want my mother (who believes in God like crazy) to read this book,this book shows some monotonous-ness and becomes stale for a good 30 mins (going at a page per minute) towards the early part of the second half.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book as a MUST READ.<br/><br/>I am hoping to steal the sequel to this book "The Da Vinci Code" from whoever has it, and read it to see if the author has bettered his story telling capabilities, and doing justice to both sides at the same time
 Dan Brown is a good storyteller if you approach his books without an overly critical eye at the research and plot.  Very fast paced, and will most certainly keep you turning the pages.  However, you might be turning those pages wondering just how much more ridiculous the story is going to be.<br/>Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor specializing in symbolism, having been faxed a gruesome picture of a murder scene with an Illuminati symbol; is then rushed to CREN, the largest physics lab in the world, to view the symbol.  From here Robert encounters this horrible murder scene, and there the story blasts off leading Robert, and the victims adopted daughter Victoria to Rome.  In Rome they move forward trying to piece together this ancient puzzle of the Illuminati to find the killer and stop the destruction of the Catholic Church on the eve of Conclave.<br/>Sounds interesting right, well it does make for an interesting idea, however I believe Dan makes his characters out to be just to super-hero like for me.  I doubt that a Harvard professor and a brilliant and sexy yoga-master scientist could single handedly solve the puzzle of the Illuminati path of Illumination, all in the time frame Dan puts it in.  If you expect the action to carry even a hint of realism you might want to check this out at the library first before buying it.<br/>Dan's research on the Illuminati is sound, but doesn't offer anything spell bounding in regards to revelations about the Illuminati.  It's the standard story offered up in history books galore about a group of scientists that was persecuted by the Church, who has a diabolical plan to one day destroy the Church's hold on humanity.  New World Order brought forth by this secret society that infiltrates all major political, media and business positions of power.  To the reader that has no previous knowledge about the Illuminati, this book might reveal some interesting information; someone else though who has even hit a web-page or two will see nothing other than the "official" story.  Another quick note on research, it has some shortcomings on things which are not Illuminati related, such as his references to Yoga and Buddhist philosophy.  I mean if the guy flew to the Vatican, had an audience with the Pope; he could at least get a couple of facts about Yoga and Buddhism correct.<br/>Nit picking aside, the book will keep you going.  If you have read Digital Fortress or perhaps other Dan Brown novels, you will enjoy this one.  Beware though if you don't enjoy learning about the Illuminati, the Catholic Church's corruption, and other bits of related information because they are everywhere in this book.  The book made me feel like I was in the "brotherhood", being able to extract the factual information from a fictional story.  And that I think makes this book fun to read.
 I'll be honest with you - if someone came up to me and said I'd enjoy reading a book that combines art, history and religion, I'd probably look at you as if you were insane.<br/><br/>Yet this is just such a book. More, not only did I enjoy it, I finished it in record time, as I couldn't put it down. I attribute part of that to Dan Brown's ingenious use of short chapters - upon finishing one, you realize how little time it took, and convince yourself that not only MUST you know what happens next, but that it won't take long at all...until you find yourself chapters later realizing just how far you've gone.<br/><br/>The book introduces us to Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist, who is brought to Switzerland to see the corpse of a murdered scientist who has been branded with the symbol of an ancient group, long-thought dead, called the Illuminati. The scientist and his daughter, Vittoria Ventra, had been working on a top secret research project which resulted in the creation of a very powerful, and ultimately deadly, substance - anti-matter. Robert and Vittoria find themselves rushing to Italy to find a canister of anti-matter, secreted somewhere in the Vatican, in a plot to destroy the seat of the catholic church by the Illuminati - ancient foes of the church. The clock is ticking as the powersource of the canister runs out after 24 hours, and if that happens, a reaction akin to a nuclear bomb will occur. Against this, Robert has to sift through ancient texts, symbols and art to try to prevent the murder of four cardinals and locate the secret Illuminati lair.<br/><br/>Aside from brilliant pacing, Dan Brown has crafted believable characters, and combined that with factual locations, art and architecture. While it is a work of fiction, the use of real-life places and art brings an added dimension of realism to it.<br/><br/>And the ending? Ah, I will have to let you discover that for yourself...suffice to say that it had so many twists it left me constantly guessing - it was truly ingenious.<br/><br/>A brilliant book which I highly recommend.
 I could not put this book down. It was absolutely incredible. I'm no scientist, so I'm not sure if half the things Dan Brown included were true, but it seemed like he had done his research. Some of the facts stated made my jaw drop, and I thought it was an absolutely incredible book. It's a little too long, with a little too much scientific dialogue that I didn't understand. I actually caught myself skimming and skipping pages of the scientific dialogue that I didn't understand, but other than that, I loved every bit of it. All of the last minute escapes and action kept me turning page after page, and anxious to find out what was going to happen next. It's difficult to name a certain point of the book as the climax, because every other page is so exciting. I loved Vittoria, and I think the romance between Robert Langdon and Vittoria is another thing that keeps the story so exciting. It's the perfect combination of action, suspense, religion, science, and romance. I hadn't read The Da Vinci Code before I started Angels and Demons, but now I definitely plan on reading it. Dan Brown is an incredible author and definitely knows how to keep a reader on the edge of their seat. Some scenes are a little intense, so I wouldn't recommend younger audiences reading it, especially because some of the themes and information are a little mature. All in all, I definitely recommend it, but only to older readers.
 I really wanted to like this book. At first I cherished carrying around the thick 569 page hardcover enjoying the ease of which Dan Brown's writing can be read. But something happened midway through the story.  The story that began with so much scientific intelligence and religious tradition suddenly took on a MacGyver-like air.  The book started to truly test my intelligence and patience. As I pushed toward the story's conclusion I realized the best of it had already come and gone some time ago.  Anti-climatic might be a word to describe this story.  Or maybe I'm just out of touch with the new Video Game style of story plots in books and movies.
 I could repeat what many have already said about how interesting and thrilling this novel is, but that would be repetative.  I will simply say that I gave it less than a perfect review because Brown did the same thing so many authors do..made the female beautiful like that is a prerequisite for being brilliant.  Just Once I wish an author would trust his/her audience to judge a character on their depth and not have to make then "Eye turning" beautiful.  It is such a cliche and hurts every book that contains this stock female character. How many booms ahve you read where the female co-star walks into a restaurant and all eyes turn to gawk at her beauty. Enough already!
 Someone advised me to read Angels &amp; Demons first, before starting The Da Vinci Code.  Dan Brown weaved a very clever and intricate tale, combining fact and fiction well.  I was completely enthralled with the book until the final 100 pages, as the culprit was being revealed.  I felt that the story went from a thrilling mystery to a soap opera.  I felt let down; almost like a cop-out.  Based on the ending, I would've only given it 3 stars but I still want to acknowledge Brown's imagination for creating such a novel.  I'm hoping The Da Vinci Code is better.
 I think that this Angels and Demons by Dan Brown is a great read that keeps you on the edge of your seat. It has many twists and turns that leave you hungry for more. It is a great read for people of all ages and will entertain anybody. The characters are all deep in personality and are very easy to relate to. The action is gut wrenching and seems very real. This is a very well written book that leaves you with a satisfied feeling.<br/> The story has so many little twists and turns that are unexpected and they leave you at loss for words. This book is a page-turner and it can be interesting to people who don't enjoy fiction. It incorporates symbology, religious history and even delves into ancient cults and brotherhoods. One of the brotherhoods mentioned are the Illuminati a brotherhood that was rumored to be satanic. They were said to be the enemies of the church. They are now tying to blow the Vatican to smithereens while the new pope is being elected therefore killing everyone inside the Vatican. In the story they are trying to destroy the church while Robert Langdon tries to foil their attempts.<br/>Most books have trouble making the characters come to life but Dan Brown easily does this. Robert Langdon is a great character and it is shown by the ease at which you can relate to him. He is a real person with real problems even if he is a bit exaggerated. Also the antagonists are so well written that you can feel their hatred towards the church and organized religion. One such character calls himself the Hassasin, he was hired by the Illuminati to destroy the Vatican because they know of his deep and dark hatred towards the church.  All of the personalities that Dan Brow creates have real emotions and feelings that make you feel what the characters are going through. You are able to really feel yourself in the characters shoes and think about what you would do in those situations. These are some of the most realistic personalities in a book.<br/> The action in this book is very realistic and it leaves you wanting more. Many of the scenes are graphic and violent but captivating nonetheless. The book also has its mushy romance part but the Mystery/Action scenes are dominant.  An example is when Robert Langdon is following the path of illumination to find the Illuminati's secret lair. This book is constantly going from Action to Mystery an it is at some points in the book overwhelming, it is still an amazingly well written book. I don't think this book is suitable for most people under the age of seven but otherwise this book is amazingly well written and enjoyable to all over that age.<br/> I think that this book will go down as a great work of fictional art. This book is gripping intense and makes you want to go on adventures of your own. In my opinion Dan Brown is a great author and he incorporates many little things that make him an amazing writer. This book makes you feel as though you've taken part in something bigger and saved lives. This is one of the best books I have read in a long time. I think that if you are someone that does not really enjoy reading than this and The Da' Vinci Code both by Dan Brown are great starters. Overall this book is amazingly well written and makes you want more.
 There's no way I can outdo mr christian's "'Dum' but fun: a book to hate and love," December 30, 2003 review, but I must agree whole-hog with his analysis.<br/><br/>The writing is atrocious.  I mean BAD.  Choppy, immature, unnuanced, maybe at a fourth-grade level.  Brown's main character, Robert Langdon (the inelegance of that name says enough) is remarkably one-sided.  Brown's idea of adding depth to said character is to awkwardly dangle a moldy carrot in front of our noses: the oh-so-mysterious reason Langdon is a claustrophobic.  The problem is, the reader doesn't actually care.  Hence the moldy carrot -- the withheld information is more annoying than it is enticing.  Which is generally the case in this little novel.<br/><br/>The Latin is atrocious--my personal favorite was a mistranslation of the Hail Mary--and the science is ridiculous, but this twists-turns-and-bumps-in-the-road plot kept me burning the midnight oil.<br/><br/>Why?  Not because the plot is good, but because it's entertaining.  It's exciting.  There's always one more threat, one more challenge, one more escape.  I willfully suspended my disbelief (over and over and over, ad infinitum) and let myself get caught up in the action.<br/><br/>And then came the conclusion.  Unnecessary, disappointing, revealing the book to be what it actually is: an author's attempt to undermine the Catholic Church via fiction.  To send the message that truth doesn't really matter.  To assert that authority can never really be trusted, that perps are more likely victims and victims more likely perps.  To argue against the supernatural, against the miraculous, and to present the ultimate reward for human beings: sex.  With a virtual stranger.<br/><br/>How disappointing.  And after all that midnight oil, too...<br/><br/>Read Dan Brown if you want to, but PLEASE remember that he writes fiction: ahistorical, mass-market, movie-ready fiction, which is certainly not fact.  The idle speculation of this anti-Catholic is only worth so much.<br/><br/>In this case, $4.95 and the overwhelming sense that the ride was fun, but I won't be likely to take it again.
 Much to learn even the sample  enjoyed hope you do the same
 I hate to admit it, but I did buy a paperback version of "Angels and Demons" a number of years ago because the premise sounded intriguing.  Particularly to the part of me that needed a quick thrill from "popular" fiction.  What I got instead was book that is written for speed (not always a bad thing), but written in a kind of nerrative that consists of very short sentences, very short paragraphs, lots of dialogue, and not too many nerrative stretches.  For someone with ADD that's fine, I mean this is hardly "literature".<br/>However despite the initial interest the plot just got silly and tiresome as the hero was chasing or being chased (or whatever) all over the Vatican.  Pretty soon all I was doing was skimming the book just to get to the end.  After spending four hours all I got out of it was that (1) the Vatican has lots and lots of underground and hidden passages, (2) the closest character that came close to being three dimentional (and not to mention sympathetic) turned out to be the villain--aargh! and (3) people can actually survive falls from hovering helicopters--and that's the point where I just stopped reading and threw the book across the room...<br/>(To make matters worse I actually paid good money to watch "The DaVinci Code" in the movie theater!  But that's another story, and yes I did learn my lesson!)<br/>One wonders how truly interesting this book would have turned out had Dan Brown been a more gifted writer.  I am currently reading "The Power of the Dog" by Don Winslow, which also has short sentences, short paragraphs, and lots of dialogue.  But my goodness!  "The Power of the Dog" actually shows us how with the right author this technique can be powerfully effective and to the point; unlike "Angels and Demons" where it seemed like a cheap and easy way to keep the reader turning the pages since the choice of words and level of syntex is maintained at the most elementary level--and therefore not taxing the reader's brain at all.<br/>So, I while can't call the book a pleasure (since ultimately it frustrated me), I do feel some guilt as I kept up (even skimming) with it for almost its entirety...
 Angels &amp; Demons brings the Da Vinci Codes' Robert Langon back. This time he's called in help an organization called Cern investigate the murder of their best scientist. Soon the daughter arrives and her name is Vittoria and she thinks she knows what he was killed for. They invented something that would be extremely dangerous in the wrong hands. She calls it anti-matter and soon after explaining how powerful it is they realize a little was stolen during her father's murder. So she has to team up with Langon to find it and stop it from going off. But soon it becomes more than a race against time to stop it from going off. They have to stop a madman from killing the 4  cardnals that have the best chances of being the next Pope since the last one died recently.<br/><br/>  This is a good book that's hard to put down and it has a lot of suspense and twist and turns. But just like the Da Vinci Code it has a lot debating and talking. I think it even has more debating and arguining than the Da Vinci Code did even. So if you didn't like that due to stretched out debating scenes. Then beware because Akiva Goldsman is supposed to write the script for the movie version of Angels &amp; Demons as well. Since the guy has little talent he basically just copis whatever he thinks is important from the books. So if he does that with this book I'm afraid it's going to be a lot longer and boring than the Da Vinci Code. Although I admit I didn't find it as boring or drawn out as a lot of people did. Plus I just don't see how this can be a good movie since it gets a little silly at the end. It's captivating but still a little silly but that and Akiva Goldsman are just going to be a bad combination. I mean you have people saying they did this or that because religion is better than science and resurrections and just a lot of debating and a person explaining why they did this or that. So in another words it's a smart book with a bit of a Scooby Doo ending lol. I can't really picture a good adaption of it, I picture a lot of over-acting. It makes a good read though. Movie wise, no one really wants to hear actors thinking out loud for 2 1/2 hours about what to do next. So Ron Howard either needs a new screenwriter or just shouldn't do the movie at all.<br/><br/>  Plus I like Robert Langon, he's the best thing about the Da Vinci Code or Angels &amp; Demons. He's a bit of an Indian Jones but without the whip or fighting nazis on top of tanks. I wouldn't mind more Dan Brown books with his character. Yes he talks a lot but what Dan Brown character doesn't. He's just a normal professor trying to uncover msyteries. They usually have to do with religion in some way though. Plus this book does have a bit of the same tone as the Da Vinci Code. It has similar characters with a main woman character that wants to find out who killed the loved one that took care of her when she was a child. Plus it has similar twists too about who trustworthy and who's not. It's not bad but the Da Vinci Code is a little easier to read through and a little shorter too.
 Having heard the reviews of Dan Brown, I did not hesitate to pick up this book along with Digital Fortress and the Da Vinci Code. All are long since been discarded to a more apt place in my house i.e. the bin.<br/><br/>With this novel as with his others he puts a lot of research into his plot, fantastic you say and yes I'd agree that the research gives a heavy and detailed ride as a thriller what Lets the Author done however is his inability to write, his character development leaves a lot to be desired and some of the situations that our hero finds himself in is akin to either James Bond with tweed or Indiana Jones with more plot.<br/><br/>Several times the main character defies both the laws of physics and comprehension.<br/><br/>I am utterly amazed at the press Mr Dan Brown is getting for his novels, it would appear that it is basically a trend, the Andy Warhol theory, as this book and more so in Digital Fortress stretches the imagination past any point of reality and there in loses it's audience with action that Mr Sly Stallone would be proud of. If Dan Brown did the research and passed the idea to a novelist more adept at writing thrillers this book along with his others would have been amazing, as it is however, Mr Brown's lack of a writing prose is sorely evident as his research for this book contradicts the almost laughable and unbelievable action written within.<br/><br/>If your wise, you'll avoid Dan Brown, if not then you might be surprised how much a guy in Tweed can do, jump out of helicopters with no parachute, buried alive etc....it must be something to do with the patches on the elbows that makes him superhuman.
 Angels &amp; Demons is a fascinating and fast-paced adventure through mysterious Italian Renaissance art, and I personally couldn't put down. What you have to keep in mind is that this isn't Dickens or Tolstoy- Angels &amp; Demons isn't a literary masterpiece. But it works well for its purpose, like an action blockbuster film- not incredibly deep or profound, but incredibly entertaining. Dan Brown has written an interesting and fun novel, and it shouldn't be judged for what it isn't supposed to be. I liked this book way more than I liked The Da Vinci Code- its mood suits each scene well and the storyline is ingenious. If you're looking to read something for entertainment's sake, then Angels &amp; Demons will not disappoint.
 Ok - I've read the book and seen the movie. I've also read and seen the Da Vinci Code.  Like many of you I read the Da Vinci Code before A&amp;E. I have no intention in making a full review. However, I do want to make a couple of points.  First, Dan Brown knows how to write a page turning novel. I know that there is a lot of controversy surrounding Brown's novels; many of his opinions, presented as factual history, I clearly disagree with.  However, if you are familiar with Brown you've got to agree that he is an accomplished craftsman. Having said that, there were a couple points in the book and movie that dragged for me; for example Robert Langdon spends a lot of time in monologue. Langdon expends a lot of energy explaining the clues - catching the audience up on the unknown facts of an obscure cult called the Illuminati. I caught myself feeling like I was watching a movie in the same genre as National Treasure.  In addition, the movie didn't include some of the more interesting points in the book. Like Langdon's under water fight with the assassin and the kidnapping of Vittoria. Langdon's final battle with the assassin was also a highlight that the movie omitted.<br/><br/>From a faith perspective I thought that the movie did two things:<br/><br/>1. It challenged believers to study history. If you don't know the history of the Catholic Church this is not the movie to learn it from, however, it serves as a catalysts to read, study and learn Catholic history in particular.<br/>2. The movie ended with an open door to the possibility of the God factor in everyone's life - even to those who feel like they have no faith<br/><br/>Let me wrap this up by stating that established believers do not need to avoid the Dan Brown books or movies. I encourage believers to engage the pop culture. Make it your ambition to learn what is influencing the masses and then be ready to share your personal faith.<br/><br/>To get a better understanding of Catholic History I suggest the following book:<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Chicago-s-Catholics-The-Evolution-of-an-American-Identity-Notre-Dame-Studies-in-American-Catholicism/dp/0268018405/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Chicago's Catholics: The Evolution of an American Identity (Notre Dame Studies in American Catholicism)</a>
 Author Dan Brown's first riddle packed adventure novel is a masterpiece of its kind. "Angels and Demons" is the first of the Robert Langdon series. Dan Brown surely knows how to captivate readers and keep you on the edge of your seat waiting for the<br/><br/>next surprise in this suspenseful and beautifully written story.<br/><br/>  At the back of  my mind, though, I was wondering why this book did not become a huge bestseller before the "Da Vinci Code" came out? It is sure one hell of a "roller-coaster-ride", but I personally enjoyed reading "Da Vinci" better.<br/><br/>  In a nutshell, "Angels and Demons" is about the unfortunate death of  a Pope,  which results in the Vatican cardinals electing  a successor. However, the three most important candidates for Pope-hood are missing and Robert Langdon accompanied by a very capable and intelligent female scientist/ Yoga artist, Vittoria Vetra,  finds himself drawn into a thrilling chain of events. Brutally murdered bodies bearing the stigmata of an ancient secret society (Illuminati) thought to be inexistent for centuries furnish Langdonwith valuable clues. Adding to the suspense,  there are only 6 hours left till a powerful anti-matter substance hidden in the depths of  St. Peter's blows up all of Vatican city.<br/><br/>  "Angels and Demons" is a breathtaking read,  filled with lots of Roman local color and insights into art and science.<br/><br/>  However, I was kind of disappointed as I was reading the book. Robert Langdon was interrupted once again from his daily life by an international phone call, requesting his sleuthing services.  There is yet  another murder mystery to unravel , reminiscent ofJames Bond and his international intrigues.<br/><br/>  All in all, it seems like Brown's "Angels and Demons" is a prelude to the more popular best-seller,  "Da Vinci Code."  Even though these patterns are repetitive, the new strands of the novel keep it alive and don't disappoint you.<br/><br/>  Overall,  this is one of the better adventure/religious books I have read.  If you like page-turning suspense stories, "Angels and Demons" I highly recommend it.
 I have not read "The Da Vinci Code" but I intend to. I decided to read Dan Brown's "Angels and Demons" before taking on the bestseller itself. For the most part, I was pleasantly surprised.<br/><br/>The book works excellently as a page-turning thriller. There are some successful attempts at characterization (especially the assassin), but the book primarily functions as an adventure tale. The puzzles, ancient artifacts and science are enough to interest any skeptic reader, and the intriguing conspiracy theories also address a few important issues.<br/><br/>While I did not appreciate the anti-Catholic sentiment (being once myself), I was still able to enjoy the book. The writing is good for the genre and the mysteries are involving and delightfully complex.<br/><br/>Some of the plot twists are rather absurd(Brown intended for them to be ironic), but the story is wrapped up nicely. Although I do not usually read archaeological/historical thrillers, I found this book to be engaging and likable.<br/><br/>I recommend it to anyone who has an interest in art, history, science, or secret societies.
 Ok- first off... I really did enjoy this book. However, now that I have read 3 of Brown's novels, I have noticed a certain formula that Dan Brown uses.<br/>1- Use the word "Indredulous" as often as possible.<br/>2- The bad guy MUST be known by a term/phrase instead of a name.<br/>3-  The bad guy is double crossing the good guys... and you are NOT supposed to suspect this.<br/>4- The novel must take place in the course of one day.<br/>5- Your hero must wake-up and not have a clue that he will spend his entire day many miles away from home, while being chased by bad guys.<br/>6- All good guys must be experts at something very arcane.<br/>7- The ending must be weak.<br/>  If you follow these steps you too can write a Dan Brown novel. ORRRR you can use this formula to figure out the book you are currently reading after about 100 pages.<br/>  This is clearly a case of diminishing returns. One book is Awesome, two is fun, but by the third... you are ready to turn on the television.<br/>  My suggestion- read the Da Vinci Code (However, remember it is still "fiction" and despite the authors claims- some of his facts are seriously flawed- for instance - "The Gosphel of Mary" is hardly widely accepted as legitimate).<br/>  Now for "Angels and Demons", this is a very fast paced and entertaining novel. However, do not accept everything in the book as factual, for it is not. Take it as it is worth... some time away from a television that will keep you happily occupied.
 Dan Brown manages to turn religious history into great timely thrillers. Despite DaVinci Code being the mega best seller, this is actually a bit better.  Read this one first, where Brown’s symbologist hero is introduced.  Reading Dan Brown’s thrillers is like seeing Raiders of the Lost Ark for the first time.  It’s one exciting scene after another.
 Like many others, I read "The Da Vinci Code" and wanted to read "Angels and Demons."  They are the exact same in character, plot, setting and style.  We still have a naked man murdered at the beginning.  The author makes references to penises and phallic symbols throughout the book, just like "Da Vinci Code".  The setting is still present-day Europe and another tourist attraction in Italy, instead of France.  There is the beautiful young woman related to the murdered man.  The same Robert Langdon.  Another crippled man as a minor character.  A search to find who killed the man and the use of symbolism to decipher a "code" or "map."  Do not waste your money.  Just read "The Da Vinci Code" again.
 This book is basically the Da Vince Code again, with only the basic details and characters changed. The writing is exactly the same and it is rather predictable. However, it is a good book. I enjoyed The Da Vinci Code so much that I can't really complain too much for this book being just like it. It would have been nice if the author switched his style up a little bit so it didn't feel like I was reading the same book twice, though.
 Angels and Demons will not wow you with spectacular prose or fascinating multi-dimensional characters. It WILL provide a story that starts fast, gets faster, and offers enough plot twists to keep your head spinning from front cover to back. Dan Brown crafts a story that's by far clever enough to keep most of us guessing...and reading...all the way to the end.<br/>In a book that precedes (chronologically) the DaVinci code (which I've not yet read), we find Dr. Robert Langdon involved with a murder in which the victim, a European physicist, has been branded with the word "Illuminati." Langdon, an expert on iconology, is called in to consult. The ensuing plot unfolds over the course of a single day, and moves so fast, and is so compelling, that if you're like me you'll be tempted to read all 600 pages just that fast.<br/>If you are tempted, you'll appreciate that the writing is reasonably simple: predominantly unchallenging dialogue and readable descriptive prose. Although the plot becomes pretty intricate, Brown has done a good job of making sure that you don't have to go back and read sections multiple times to follow events, clues and such. This is no easy task, as the book is riddled with references to Rome, including structures, art and architecture, and history. Also well-explained are the baffling intricacies of Papal electoral politics and procedure.<br/>Brown has written a simple, old-fashioned thriller. You won't be disappointed with this novel. Just don't expect pulitzer material; instead enjoy the thrilling escapism. I'm guessing it won't last long.
 As you certainly know by now, this is Brown's prequel to the superior Da Vinci Code.  Brown's reluctant protagonist, Robert Langdon -- the dumbest smart guy to ever wander off an Ivy League campus -- is introduced and meets his far more competent girlfriend.  The casual reader -- if casual reading of Brown is possible -- will be overwhelmed by the incredible scope of this work.  It struggles with strange, verbose philosophical and religious preaching toward a wonderfully twisted and surprising ending.  It mixes faith with its doppelganger -- madness -- on a huge world stage.  In the end, it is so large, and his characters so weird,  that it becomes more far-fetched than the wildest science fiction.  Only Brown could get away with this and have publishers falling all over themselves to print it rather than laughing it into the round file.  I would give this 4 stars if it were just a little less over the top.
 I listened to this book in its entirety on CD. I really enjoyed the twists and turns. I should have read it in print instead though, it is a lot to swallow on a long drive. I do enjoy religious thrillers. I think the Left Behind Series in some ways is better, and in some ways, this is better. It just depends on  personal preference. I always felt the Pope's protege was up to no good from the beginning. Even in reality, there's always something very mysterious going on with the Vatican and the Pope, so I think it gives people a sense of being "in the circle" of knowledge, even if it is fiction.
 Incredible fun to read, better researched and more intruiging than 'The DaVinci Code' that followed it. Great puzzles, lots of very well researched history. Right up until the last 30 pages or so, I'd have listed it as one of my absolute favorite pieces of recent 'thriller' fiction... but the last couple of chapters are so rediculous - the story goes from believable to a 'Road Runner vs Coyote' cartoon. Still, as absurd as the last few chapters are, they can't discredit the rest of a great story that is a lot of fun. Adventure and thrills come firing at you at such a rapid, but easy pace - its hard to put down.
 The author, Dan Brown, truly takes the reader on a brilliant rollercoaster ride of surprising plot twists and turns - the outcome of which they might never have foreseen. An ancient enemy of the Catholic Church, the Illuminati, thought to be destroyed centuries before, supposedly suddenly reappears. Its reappearance is made known with the literal branding of the word ILLUMINATI upon the chest of a murdered priest/ scientist who was working at a highly advanced scientific institution in Switzerland in which he discovered antimatter. In a race against time, a Harvard professor of religous iconology, Robert Langdon, and the beautiful adopted daughter of the deceased scientist/ priest, who is also a scientist, working with her father, move to recapture the antimatter stolen from his laboratory. The antimatter has an unintended side effect to be more explosive than anything heretofore known to man and it is the intent of the culprits to blow up the Vatican. The readers follow this exceptional plot across Rome's cathedrals and secret hiding places as the professor interprets the secret codes to try and thwart the culprits. The novel brings to light, too, the constant battle between science and religion- those who believe that science reinforces religion by helping to explain creation while those who feel it undermines it Surprise after surprise confronts the reader as the imagination of a master story teller and researcher takes one through this unpredictable journey.
 After reading DaVinci Code, I was craving for more.  And so I looked into what other books Dan Brown has done, of which I happily discovered Angels &amp; Demons featured the same main character, Robert Langdon.  Immediately I sought out to buy this book.<br/><br/>I'll have to admit, it took a little while for me to get hooked into this book.  DaVinci Code Got me hooked from the start, and I was reading 80+ pages of the book, staying up way late as I couldn't put the book down (The only time I really read is late at night).  But with Angels &amp; Demons, I had the book for about 2 weeks before I reached the midpoint of the book.  I went through some days when I didn't even pick up the book at all.  And then somewhere in the middle of the book, the excitement really picks up and I got really hooked, I mean, REALLY hooked.  I read the last half of the book in a single night, staying up until 5AM.  At one point I had put the book down to go to sleep, but with thoughts and images of the story going through my mind, I got right back up to turn the lights on and continue reading!<br/><br/>So for any readers interested in more Robert Langdon, definitely check this out.  I'm not sure how I would compare it to DaVinci Code, but both books are greatly-crafted stories featuring turns and twists filled with immense intrigue and captivation.<br/><br/>The only problem I had (which would explain why I didn't really get into the book until the halfway point) is the outline is just too similar to DaVinci Code.  Of course this came out first, which would mean DaVinci Code followed the same story template as this.  The template being Langdon gets awakened by a phone call concerning a murder of a respected man, and Langdon will eventually have to work with the murdered man's daughter/granddaughter to solve a series of situations, during which we look into the relationship between the daughter/granddaughter and the father/grandfather while occasionally looking at a flashback of Langdon's teaching days.  ...Meanwhile, we look into the followup of the killer as he talks with his "mysterious" employer.  Actually in both books, I eventually started skipping those chapters following the murderer and his employer.
 I love this book!  Angel's and Demon's is definitely a page turner.  This is Robert Langdon's first book.  It takes place at CERN and in the Vatican.  Robert and a woman from CERN Named Vittoria are looking for a missing canister of antimatter which is supposed to explode at midnight.  On top of that there are 4 missing cardinals and each are supposed to be murdered on the hour from 8-11 at secret Illuminati Churches.  Robert and Vittoria follow a trial from each church to try and save the cardinals, catch the bad guy, and find the antimatter.  Im not sure if I like this one better than The DaVinci Code, but it is pretty close.  Both are exciting from beginning to end.  I cant wait for the movie.  :)
 Angels &amp; Demons is the first book of Dan Brown's that i have ever read. i would have to say that this book was very well writen. it had just the right amount of fact combined with fiction. i must say that when i first say this book i was skeptical about how i would like the book. much to my surprise i really enjoyed it more than i realized at the time.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon was an ordinary symbology teacher at one of the top schools in the United States, Harvard University. one morning Langdon gets a mysterious phone call. after some persuasion Langdon is flown to Switzerland to a place called CERN. CERN is a highly respected science devopement agency. soon after he finds out the reason that these scientists need his help. an ancient society called the Illuninati have resurfaced and are threatening the church in vatican city. Langdon is now faced with the possibility that this is really happening and that he is the only one that can solve this problem.
 i must say this book is no doubt suspenseful, academically sound, and thoughtfully written, but the fact remains ...........dan brown's academia is overcome by over-the-top typical fiction heroism, I can't think of a better way to put it, the book is also filled w/ one too many plot twists towards the ending, that it is obviously made to mess w/ our heads, but it fails deeply, its just so over-the-top ridiculous, i expected something better at the end, i hope davinci code doesn't contain the same thematic ending, i just ordered it from ebay and am w/o a doubt anticipating it's arrival.
 I was looking to escape into a tight thriller.<br/><br/>My annoyance started right at the beginning when the author mentions that the character does not like tight places.  I began to wonder how many pages it would take before I found myself it a tight place with the guy.<br/><br/>I got sick of Langdon being stunned at CERN.  He is standing there in slack-jawed amazement at a free-fall facility.  Wow. Some guys are flying around above a big fan.  These are common enough that even I have seen one.  And it didn't stop.  "Oh my god.  It's a retinal scanner."  "Oh my god, it's a tube so long that it looks straight but it forms a circle."  Note to author:  If you say someone is like a 'Mobius Strip' then you do not have to go on to explain the term!  Let the reader do that for themselves.<br/><br/>I chuckled when an assassin was described as being famous for his secrecy.  I kept expecting the main female character to be described as running up some steps in short quick pants.  She was so strangely sketched that at one point I had this image of her as a piece of meat hanging on a hook in a meat locker with an enlarged brain hanging on the hook next to her.<br/><br/>There is a central core to the book that is highly entertaining.  This is the stuff Dan Brown does really well. They race around Rome, following clues hidden in famous statues.  That part was cool, I must admit, and I couldn't put the book down during that part.  Unfortunately, someone felt it necessary to pad this tight core with hundreds of pages of dreadful fluff.  The ending was drawn out painfully and was obvious from 200 pages away.<br/><br/>A fun read, but like I said, the predictability, the hackish writing and stock characters piled up enough to bug me.  I recommend it if you are recovering from an operation and are on serious pain killers.  You will have no problem following it.
 I was interested in Dan Brown since I had heard all this hype about "The DaVinci(?) Code". I recieved TDC, and soon found out that there was a previous novel with this Robert Langdon. I put it on hold at the library deciding that I would get the illustrated edition of Angels and Demons. I'm a sucker for science and myth and this novel combined them beautifully. I couldn't stop reading after the introudcution of "antimatter" (sounds cool doesn't it?) and the secret force of the illuminati. Soon I was plunged into a race against time thorough Rome's famous churches and monuments in hopes of finding a secret trail of elemental statues. I loved how Brown laced myth, fact and fiction. The novel seemed so real, the myths captivated my imagination, especially the pictures, they helped a lot, since i've never been to Rome. The story reminded me a lot of movies like "National Teasure" where they were following a secret map layed out by ancient scientists. I also loved the debate with God and Science and the war between the two. OMG i couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>  That was until about the last 50 pages of the book and why the novel got 4 stars. The ending seemed to dissapoint me and defeat the previous 400 pages. I was devistated that...well i dont want to give away the ending but it seemed that they were two seperate novels. All the excitement I felt when Langdon was rushing through Rome seemed so...like...nothing after I completed the book. The myth just tossed away like trash.<br/><br/>  Anyway, maybe it was because I read like half of it all in one morning why the ending seemed so wierd. Anyways, if you want to read the whole thing I just suggest to take a breather before you read the last 50 pages. But overall a GREAT novel. (And kudos to the actual Robert Langdon for making those iluminati "Brands", WOW)
 and if all the historical and technical background is properly researched (in other words TRUE) then it is truly amazing homework on the side of the author. Loved the easy writing style, and the twists in fabula were suprising. For some reason, the book "playing" in my head while reading reminded me of "Bourne". Fast pacing, a lot of running and fighting, figuring out clues and not knowing where the next blow would come from. Amazing book. I read it before the Da Vinci Code, actually before I even knew of DVC. Lucky break I guess :)
 This is, of course, the prequel to Da Vinci Code.  The two books together provide a remarkable popular thriller that gets to a wide range of deeper issues.  If you read Dan Brown's 2 Da Vinci Code books it is easy to find yourself interested in Gnosticism and the other issues surrounding the history of the Christian Church.  Increased attention on academics tends to be predominately positive, so I've put together this short guide for readers with first-time or renewed interest.<br/><br/>Nearly all knowledgeable Biblical scholars realize there have been a wide range of writings attributed to Jesus and his Apostles..... and that some of these were selected for compilation into the book that became known as the Bible.....and that some books have been removed from some versions of the Bible and others have been re-discovered in modern times.<br/><br/>This is great......I seldom quote other reviewers, but there is one reviewer of Pagels' books who confided that he had been a Jesuit candidate and had been required to study a wide range of texts but was never was told about the Nag Hamadi texts.  He said:<br/><br/> "Now I know why.  The Gospel of Thomas lays waste to the notion that Jesus was `the only begotten Son of God' and obviates the need for a formalized church when he says,  `When your leaders tell you that God is in heaven, say rather, God is within you, and without you.'  No wonder they suppressed this stuff!  The Roman Catholic Church hasn't maintained itself as the oldest institution in the world by allowing individuals to have a clear channel to see the divinity within all of us: they need to put God in a bottle, label the bottle, put that bottle on an altar, build a church around that altar, put a sign over the door, and create rubricks and rituals to keep out the dis-believing riff-raff.  Real `Us' versus `them' stuff, the polar opposite from `God is within You.'  `My God is bigger than your God' the church(s)seem to say. And you can only get there through "my" door/denomination.  But Jesus according to Thomas had it right: just keep it simple, and discover the indwelling Divinity `within you and without you.'"<br/><br/>Here are quickie reviews of what is being bought these days on the Gnostic Gospels and the lost books of the Bible in general:<br/><br/>The Lost Books of the Bible (0517277956) includes 26 apocryphal  books from the first 400 years that were not included in the New Testament.<br/><br/>Marvin Meyers' The Secret Teachings of Jesus : Four Gnostic Gospels (0394744330 )  is a new translation without commentary of The Secret Book of James, The Gospel of Thomas, The Book of Thomas, and The Secret Book of John.<br/><br/>James M. Robinson's The Nag Hammadi Library in English : Revised Edition (0060669357) has been around 25 years now and is in 2nd edition.  It has introductions to each of the 13 Nag Hammadi Codices and the Papyrus Berioinensis 8502.<br/><br/>The Complete Dead Sea Scrolls in English (0140278079)  by Geza Vermes has selected works....a complete work is more difficult to achieve than the publisher's marketing concept indicates.  His commentary generates strong reactions.<br/><br/>Elaine Pagels has 2 books  (The Gnostic Gospels 0679724532 and Beyond Belief : The Secret Gospel of Thomas 0375501568) that have received considerable attention lately.  For many, her work is controversial in that it is written for popular consumption and there is a strong modern interpretation.  She does attempt to reinterpret ancient gender relationships in the light of modern feminist thinking.  While this is a useful (and entertaining) aspect of college women's studies programs, it is not as unethical as some critics claim.  As hard as they may try, all historians interpret the past in the context of the present.  Obviously there is value in our attempts to re-interpret the past in the light of our own time.<br/><br/>If you want the full scholarly work it is W. Schneemelcher's 2 volume  New Testament Apocrypha.
 This Dan Brown thriller kept my attention from the very first chapter.  I read Brown's Code and thoroughly enjoyed.  After enjoying TDC and seeing the movie trailer for Angels and Demons, I decided to read the book while on my honeymoon - 710 pages in five and a half days. Throughout the read, I often wondered when the story would become dull - and it simply never did.  Chapter after chapter, Dan's style of writing (intelligent, visual, and well-researched) kept the pages turning.  The intriguing combination of religion, science, secret brotherhoods and politics is keeping me a Dan Brown fan.<br/><br/>If I reach far enough to present a Con, it would be inadequate character development for Ms. Vetra.  Ms. Vetra's lack of development coupled with verbosity issues in certain chapters would be my two critiques.<br/><br/>In summary, Angels and Demons did not disappoint after reading the Code (and watching the movie).  I'm looking forward to watching the A&amp;D's movie in May - and wishing the release of The Solomon's Key would arrive sooner than later!  JP
 I would like to thank Dan Brown for such an outstanding novel. The only  bad thing about this thriller is the fact that I'll have to read a lot more  books to find one thats even near as entertaining and riveting as this one.  The research was exceptional. The secrets that lie in wait for the reader  will amaze you. The history and life in the Vatican, the story of the  Illuminati, the science and research in physics, Galileo.  These are just  some of the things you'll learn about while on this rollercoaster ride of a  book.<br/>A true 5 Star if ever there was one....<br/>Highest  recommendation........
 I'm sorry, but this book is 10 percent story and 90 percent encyclopedia. If you removed all of the tedious regurgitation of information, you'd be left with about twenty pages of plot in a very long book.<br/><br/>I don't get the appeal, and would be more likely to go for this if it were Brown writing non-fiction travel/historical books.<br/><br/>Page after page after page of facts. Ugh. Even if some of the facts are interesting (and this certainly is the case)- they should have been force-fed to us in smaller doses, in abbreviated versions, so that readers could remember what the actual plot was supposed to be.
 I agree with all of you about the strengths (piety) and weaknesses (religion) of this novel.<br/><br/>While I was enthralled with the majesty of Rome depicted in these pages (the pomp, the costumes, the cherished ritual and secrecy, the Vatican) I was also a bit disturbed and put out by the way that the hero seemed to escape every threatening circumstance (the Hashashin  sic], the helicopter leap).  It 'took me out of the book' a bit.<br/><br/>Which is my main complaint.  Real world events being resolved through fiction.  We have just seen a Pope pass in our time.  Should this novel that deals with such a sensitive subject really be permitted on the shelves?  Not because it would tell people what to think, but rather because it will remind them of that wizened, holy old codger and bring a tear to their eye, a tremor to their hearts.  For these very reasons I tuned out of that tv movie the other night starring John Voight.  Fabulous actor; terrible subject matter.<br/><br/>What happened to the author's silent pact not to sway the audience?  I cant help but believe that certain agendas are being furthered in this prose.  I mean, the scene where the Camerlingus is standing on the desk, holding Sacred Things, and shouting was highly controversial and suspect.  Dan Brown's subtleties are profound but this scene left me wondering as to his affiliations.<br/><br/>Then again, I am somewhat uncomfortable in my own skin and have a difficult time deducing fact from fiction or right from wrong, so that could have something to do with my view of the story, as well.<br/><br/>One last note -- was I the only one that found it odd that the protagonist's nickname in college was 'the Dolphin'?  What does an aquatic mammal have to do with scripture??
 Dan Brown uses a formula. In four books he has stayed with that formula. I won't deny that it is an effective formula.<br/><br/>The entertainment and page turning value of this book cannot be denied. This is Brown's most effective book by that criteria.<br/><br/>The fiction is a bit shakier. Brown does better by his peripheral characters than the leads. We don't buy all of Brown's premises. The death of a Pope is a filler story? Current events certainly disprove that.<br/><br/>The history is shaky. Let's just leave it that Dan Brown has done more research than fact checking. I'm certainly not qualified to issue any more of a criticism than that.<br/><br/>Let's also just say that as long as I have to commute an hour a day each way by train, I'm not going to stop reading Dan Brown. I will not elevate him beyond that until he diverts a bit more from his formula. However effective that formula may be.
 Having some training in the hard sciences, I was a little put off by how the author started the book and would keep interjecting little lessons. Kinda like an instructor saying "now, kids, this is what I mean by that." Even for people without experience in those fields, it came off as a little too preachy.<br/><br/>However, the story is very good and loses that style fairly quickly (maybe the author took a break?). It keeps you reading and wondering what will happen. All the way to the end. About halfway through, I thought of something. But, the author drew me away from that ... until the surprise ending. Very good.
 I heard good things about Angels and Demons, especially that it is fast paced which it definitely is.  It's the book equivalent of a summer blockbuster movie (which it is now).  Exclamation points, lots of cliffhangers, action and adventure.  I just loved the twist of the Da Vinci code and I felt it was worthy of all the attention it received.  Angels and Demons has interesting things to say about science vs. religion but the payoff isn't as good at the end.  It's a good beach/vacation read though.
 Then don't bother with Angels and Demons.  It's the exact same plot.  If this was an English paper, Dan Brown would be flunked for plagiarizing his own work.<br/><br/>Let me put it another way--if you were to cast the movies for Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code, you would use the exact same people for the same roles (though with different names).<br/><br/>The beginning of the book is tedious if you've read Da Vinci code because it seems like a mimeograph.  The middle gets better as the action picks up and it looks like Dan Brown is headed in a different direction.  But about two thirds of the way through the book you come to the horrifying conclusion that he had rewritten the same plot for the Da Vinci Code and the rest of the story becomes annoyingly obvious.<br/><br/>That said, Angels and Demons is a little bit meaner, a little more violent, contains higher stakes and more ludicrous setups than its sequel.  And, distressingly enough, it's a lot more verbose.<br/><br/>If I hadn't read Da Vinci Code before, I might give this book 2-3 stars.  But since it feels like a rough draft of the Code, I can't give it a rating low enough.
 Wow!  Talk about wild rides.  I'm not sure I've ever read another 500+ plus page novel where the entire story takes place in a single day!  This was a fun book to read, combining art and church history with a classic conspiracy theory and some almost science-fiction technology.  These components are mixed into a page turning story that has a very high momentum and keeps you guessing right up to the end.  I wasn't expecting the ending...I thought the story was wrapping up, but there were still something like 50 pages left.  I was wrong...there were still a couple of big surprises left.  I'm not going to be a spoiler, but this book should satisfy anyone who enjoys a great nail-biting thriller.
 The book to which The Da Vinci Code is the sequel. (Published before DVC, so not technically a prequel, if "prequel" were a technical term.) Almost laughable in terms of character, plausibility, and dialogue (the last line especially); almost admirable in terms of how to craft 700 pages of pure page-turning suspense - "almost" because it gets so obvious and heavy-handed.<br/><br/>If you hated DVC, you'll hate this one too; if you liked DVC, that's no guarantee you'll like this one - it's definitely the less polished of the two.  But if you want to just turn off your common sense and get swept away in a mad chase and a silly puzzle (punctuated with some gruesome murders), then you'll probably love it.
 After I read The Da Vinci Code, I knew I needed to read Angels &amp; Demons. I don't usually read "prequels," but the craftsmanship in the later book was good enough that I gave the earlier book a whirl. I was, in a word, impressed.<br/>If you like suspense, especially with a backdrop of religion and conspiracy, this is a must-read. Illuminati infiltrating the Vatican? Vows of revenge resurrected after hundreds of years? You bet!<br/>Robert Langdon's character is not quite as well developed as in The Da Vinci Code, but he's rounded enough to be believable. You can see the beginnings of him as sort of a "philosopher's Indiana Jones."
 Here we go again.  I read this book before I read the DaVinci Code; had I read the DaVinci Code first, and seen and read the reviews that exposed that book as a thinly-veiled anti-Catholic diatribe, I doubt I would have read Angels and Demons.  If anything, Mr. Brown's hatred of and contempt for the Roman Catholic church is even more obvious in Angels and Demons.  For Mr. Brown, the demons are the murderous, power-hungry members of the church hierarchy, as well as the self-deluded, moronic Catholic faithful.  The angels, of course, are anyone who exposes the church for the poison it really is (to Mr. Brown, that is).  Fool me twice, but not a third time - I'm finished with this author and his poison pen.
 I'm a Dan Brown fan.  I know a lot of reader's are not, and I'll agree that he is probably not even in my Top 10.  But, nevertheless, he does write entertaining stories.<br/>I dont get too hung up on the inaccuracies of geography, language, or history.  It is fiction afterall, and in most cases, I dont even notice, because I let myself get into the story.<br/>Angels &amp; Demons is a case where you just gotta go with it.  Yes, there are "yeah right" moments in the plot, and no its not better than Da Vinci Code.  But it is an engaging read, and Brown certainly keeps you interested.<br/>Recommended.
 Despite the fact that The DaVinci Code has sold a trillion copies(everyone on the planet must have a copy by now,even illiterate monkeys) this first book to feature Robert Langdon and real locations and actual artwork and thoghtprovoking discussions about religion is actually a better novel.The simple premise of an intelligent but ordinary guy using his knowledge of art to try to find an explosive device in the Vatican in a limited amount of time is incredibly effective and suspenseful.Dan Brown has a way of mixing interesting facts into an entertaining narrative.He also has a knack for springing great twists on the reader which all work well here but now that he's recycling his tricks in more recent books like Deception Point and DaVinci Code they're becoming more predictable.If you read Davici Code you need to read this earlier superior novel from the time when Dan Brown's style was still new,fresh and focused.
 Seems Dan Brown falls under greater scrutiny than most "best selling" authors... maybe it is because he throws a bit of religion in the mix?  Angels &amp; Demons is a fun romp through the Vatican- nothing more.  It is a disposable novel- arguably more of a pulp than literature, and there is nothing wrong with that.<br/><br/>The trouble with this, and most of Dan's work is that Dan throws too many plot twists at the reader.  Frankly, some of them fall flat, but you can't blame him for trying.  It IS fiction, after all.  Very intertaining fiction.  Like much entertainment, it lacks substance, albeit by design.  If you want literature, you wouldn't be reading this book anyway.<br/><br/>Finally, I find it amusing how something like the Harry Potter series can completely escape the "suspension of disbelief" issue that seems to vex so many readers of Brown's various works.  Sorry, but I really wasn't interested in reading a dry, pedantic, historically accurate account of Vatican politics.
 The Da Vinci Code?  What Da Vinci Code?  I will be among the minority, but I think Dan Brown's more popular novel pales in comparison to Angels and Demons.  It has been a long time since I was unable to put a book down.  Yes, there are some stretches of reality, but nothing that really makes you say "Yeah, right, no possible way!"  You follow along, trying to solve the puzzle, but the book isn't waiting for you - this thing *moves*!!  Entertaining, yet leaves you questioning the relationship between religion and science.  Highly recommended!
 Good book, great research, maybe a little too long
 I'm not going to bother you with yet another boring review, there's tons of them here. BUT, you should know a couple of things:<br/><br/>1. Though it's true Dan Brown can write, the average mystery reader can figure out what will happen to the four kidnapped cardinals without straining their brains. The hulking villian is so evil it is almost laughable. The heroine is predictable heroic, the hero is noble and has flaws which makes him totally "pc".<br/><br/>2. ON THE OTHER HAND, BUT, HOWEVER the book is still worth the price of admission due to some unexepected plot twists, an amazing quirky turn, and an ending that was breath-taking. Like I said, the guy can write. So, Dan, why don't 'cha write great through the whole darn book?
 This book could easily be a parody of its own genre.  Like The DaVinci Code, it begins with a ritualistic torture/murder.  Our hero is Indiana Jones, but without his tongue in cheek: an academician who also happens to be good-looking and very athletic.  The heroine is his perfect match; both a physicist and a yoga master, she is also drop-dead gorgeous: firm thighs shown to advantage in the shorts she wears throughout the story, lustrous hair, and a face whose "raw sensuality" can be perceived from 20 yards away.  Clearly, this woman should never walk past a construction site.<br/><br/>Naturally, everything in this story is unique, one-of-a-kind and over the top.  Our hero is transported to Switzerland in a special plan that can make the trans-Atlantic crossing in an hour.  The evil Illuminati announce their presence with symmetrical brands whose design no one has been able to duplicate over the centuries.  The killer is one of a long line of assassins called Hassassins because of their traditional use of hashish; the current Hassassin eschews the drug, however, as well as sleep.  His only recreation is sadistic sex.  I wish Dan Brown would wink a little more obviously, to let us know he doesn't take this silly stuff seriously.<br/><br/>Character development is next to nil; necessarily, these are cardboard cutouts, not people.  We get hints that our hero suffers claustrophobia because of a childhood trauma, and occasionally he hesitates before entering an elevator or boarding a helicopter, but his fear in real tight places is no more than any other rational person's might be, and even though the childhood episode is eventually revealed, there is not a consequent epiphany for Langdon.  The claustrophobia is there only to dress out the character.<br/><br/>Character development becomes a real issue in the denouement, which utterly lacks conviction because it is so completely out of keeping with the character who turns out to be the real villain.  When such surprises come, they should offer a shock of recognition; we should have been able to see it all along.  In this case, there is a shock of rejection.  It makes no sense that this character should have violated all his lifelong principles and practices, least of all for the reason given.<br/><br/>Ironically, even though the book makes the Church look bad, the most eloquent writing in the book occurs in passages where religious faith is affirmed.
 I cant really call this a prequal to Code, because there is literally a sentence of a referance in that book to this one. So as a stand-alone novel, its a thrill ride and a fast-paced page turner. Perhaps it may seem controversial and disbelieving at times, but thats what you call fiction people. So get a grip. Fiction is about suspending belief for a moment and enjoying somthing out of the ordinary away from 'real life'. And this accomplishes that. Dan Brown is a fine story teller. He weaves sentences and ideas flawlessly and I think him very inventive in his writing. Its refreshing to read a book like this once in a while. I could barely put it down.
 Dan Brown is by far the most overrated writer I have ever seen. I am convinced that the only reason anyone would ever give this book above 3 stars (even though 3 is really pushing it) is SOLELY because they found the plot engaging. Whether or not a book is able to keep you mildly entertained as you read it before you go to bed is by no means merit to call it a good book. Engaging plot is as far as Brown goes with any of his novels.<br/><br/>The writing is very poor and sloppy, not to mention I found it highly insulting to my intelligence. At least seven times, probably more, Brown would say something along the lines of "It was raining. So and so felt the rain symbolized his somber mood." Gee, thanks Dan, I never would have inferred that on my own, I'm so glad you spelled it out for me. Why even put symbolism in the book if you're going to say what it symbolizes in the very next sentence? Awful.<br/><br/>If that weren't enough, we are introduced to Robert Langdon, the nigh perfect protagonist. His ONLY weakness is claustrophobia, which BARELY comes up. Oh no, I'm in an elevator and I'm scared...okay we're out, moving on. Not only does he have no weakness, he has total recall, as in a photographic memory. WHAT KIND OF PROTAGONIST HAS TOTAL RECALL? I'll tell you what kind: the kind created by an author who doesn't feel like writing any challenges for the protagonist to go through, so he gives him a photographic memory to deal with problems easily. If anything, give him  memory problems, or some obstacle he has to overcome. That would make the (highly predictable) ending at least a bit more rewarding.<br/><br/>The rave reviews have me wondering what society is coming to when it comes to literature. Long gone are the days when good character development, suspension of disbelief, emotional connection with the characters, strong theme, believable protagonist (with back story), and leaving symbolism and untied knots to the reader's imagination are rewarded. We are now in the days when "It had a lot of action in it and I read it in 2 days" is merit enough for people to buy a book. Unbelievable.<br/><br/>Read this book if you like mindless reading (as in, stuff you can read in loud places, on the toilet, or in front of the TV.)<br/><br/>Don't read this book if you appreciate more than a simple yet engaging plot.
 A novel about reconciling science and religion would be worthwhile, but you need to get the science right or at least plausible. I ran into a dozen "Give me a breaks" before I put this book down in disgust. Some of these are that gravity is 30% less at 60,000 feet (it's 0.3% less), using tuna to disprove the theory of relativity, and making antimatter proves God's existence (physicists have know about antimatter since the 1920s and first made antiprotons in the 1950s). Despite thanking CERN and Brookhaven in the acknowledgements, it's clear that Mr. Brown didn't have a physicist or even a high school physics student proofread this book.
 At one point in "Angels and Demons" the know-it-all Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon explains that the Catholic Church "murdered" the great Polish astronomer Nicolai Copernicus.  Shall we turn to history to see what really happened?  In 1543, Copernicus published his epochal book, "On The Revolution of the Celestial Spheres" at the urging of a disciple named Georg Rheticus--and of two Catholic bishops.  It was dedicated to Pope Paul III, who received it cordially.  Copernicus himself was a Catholic canon.  One impetus for his studies of the solar system was a request to him by Catholic churchmen bishops during the Fifth Lateran Council to ascertain whether there was enough precise information about the movement of the planets to change the old Julian calendar.  Copernicus replied that there was not, and then redoubled his researches, as he explained in a letter to Pope Paul III, a great humanist pope.  Copernicus recieved one of the first copies of "On the Revolution of the Celestial Spheres" on his death bed and died peacefully.<br/><br/>If Brown is aware of the facts, he is dishonest; if not, he should be more modest about his scholarly pretensions.
 Wish someone told me Angels &amp; Demons took place before Da Vinci Code and not understanding why the new movie seems to be filmed as a sequel. I read this after having already read DaVinci Code. I enjoyed this one more as the underlying terrorist plot was more compelling than the impending discovery in DaVinci. This book takes you into Vatican City to try as Langdon tries to save the holy city from being wiped off the face of the earth by the most powerful substance in the world, antimatter. The main characters are Langdon and Vetra.<br/><br/>All of this happens on the Catholic religion's most important night called Il Conclave (the election of the new Pope). With the antimatter canister counting down beneath the Vatican and the Prefereti missing, hope to save the holy city is getting smaller. Langdon and Vettra scramble to gather enough clues to retrieve the Prefereti and find the canister.<br/><br/>My main complaint about the book was the length. At about 600 pages it felt a bit long. I felt like I was reading a history textbook a few times in Da Vinci, not so much here. Angels &amp; Demons included segments of historical narrative, but they were more effective and didn't really detract as much.
 I started this prequel to THE DA VINCI CODE on a recent vacation.  Big mistake.  Huge.<br/><br/>Once the story began to unfold, I had flashbacks of long nights spent reading Robert Ludlum with my heart pounding out of my chest. I even snuck the book into my purse and read little snippets while riding in the car; waiting for my lunch; or when the others got ahead of me at the Albuquerque Aquarium.  It's just that good.<br/><br/>Dan Brown weaves a great story about an ancient society's grudge against the Catholic Church; the dangers of modern science; and how one man can make a difference.  I'm so ready to go to Rome and follow in art historian-turned hero-Robert Landgon's footsteps and see the symbolism clues for myself.<br/><br/>I didn't expect ANGELS AND DEMONS to be so good.  Boy, what a pleasant surprise.<br/><br/>Enjoy!
 "Angels &amp; Demons" is as action packed and provocative as it gets.  Professor Robert Langdon and Vittoria Vetra have only  twenty four hours to prevent the Vatican from being decimated by an antimater bomb.  How our two leading characters deal with the problem  makes the book fascinating and suspenseful.  I think Dan Brown writes great intricate novels.
 The book introduces the character of Robert Landon, a religious iconologist and art history teacher at Harvard University, made popular by Brown's recent bestseller - The DaVinci Code. Just as in The DaVinci Code, Langdon is coerced out of bed, by Maximilian Kohler, the director of CERN- the world's largest research facility, in relation to the murder of one of his top physicists - Leonardo Vetra. Vetra is not only brutally murdered and left with his eye gorged out, but also branded by the symbol of the ancient secret brotherhood of the Illuminati, the cult dedicated to promoting science and condemning the blind faith of Catholics. Vetra is also a priest with an adopted daughter, Vittoria, who is his colleague at CERN. Vittoria discovers that the final and secret discovery of her father -a vial of antimatter, the most powerful energy source known to man, that the Vetras successfully produced about five thousand nanograms of is missing. Unless the vial is contained in a specifically designed canister powered by a battery source, the antimatter would annihilate upon the slightest contact with air. Almost immediately the canister of antimatter is discovered by the Swiss Guard, somewhere in the Vatican City, counting down to annihilation in twenty four hours, on the eve of the papal election.<br/><br/>Langdon and Vittoria race to the Vatican to find the canister and contain it safely, only to be stopped by the Swiss Guard due to the election, until the Camerlengo receives a threat from the `assassin' that he has the preferiti and intends to sacrifice each of the four by the hour and plans to eliminate the rest of the cardinals locked in the Sistine chapel, defacing the church by the end of the day. Langdon and Vittoria race against time, digging through the archives, trying to find the clues that lead to the 400-year old trail leading to the secret lair of the Illuminati, taking the reader through ancient churches, fountains, crypts and catacombs, hoping to find the cardinals and the canister before its too late.<br/><br/>The novel is gripping till the last page, with the usual Brownian twists and turns, although it needs to be read with enough suspension of logic. Brown alters the anatomy of the Vatican City and Rome to cater to the plot, adds pizzazz to ancient architecture and the artists of that era. There are certain points in the book that are almost impossible to imagine, like when Langdon survives a nuclear explosion, finds a tarp to land himself safely in the river Tiber, and just as easily is rescued by onlookers. Brown tries to build the characters by giving us an insight into their memories, but it seems more like he is citing incidents of the past for no particular reason. In the end though, it does make for an interesting read.
 Angels and Demons by Dan Brown is an intriguing, suspenseful, and imaginative story of how an ancient secret organization called the "Illuminati" and the Catholic Church fought for control over Vatican City.  Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor of Symbology and Vittoria Vetra, an Italian scientist, are in the search to find a very dangerous chemical substance called "antimatter" that the Illuminati stole to try to destroy Vatican City and the cardinals who have assembled to elect the next Pope.<br/> My feelings are that this book is very action pact and is decently written. Although, at times I found myself to be confused by the action pact situations that Vittoria and Langdon were in. The plot became so confusing that I actually had to skip ahead a couple of chapters to put it into perspective before I could fully understand what I was reading. Also, some chapters in the book were very science fiction oriented. You could tell that this book was a work of fiction because of its unrealistic nature. He tried to tie an action story with the Catholic Church. Even though he did tie it up very well with his writing, at times I didn't know what I was reading.<br/> Although the antimatter substance that was central to this book isn't real in actuality (that we know of), the creation of the idea that there is a destructive substance so strong that it could take down the Catholic Church really fueled the action and suspense of the plot. I really enjoy how Brown brings into light the controversial subject of the war between Religion vs. Science. Its not everyday you read a book about this intense subject.<br/> The characters in this book also brought the story together. Robert Langdon's confused, nerdy outer sphere and his realization of the drama that's about to go down.  And Vittoria and her hardheaded determined attitude to find her fathers killer and the antimatter really brought the story to life. And also, the other characters brought some flair to the situations. In my eyes, that's the sole reason why the book was entertaining. I thought his writing was pretty dull but with the addition of anticipation and action, it made it come to life.<br/> I am also very exited that they are making this into a blockbuster-movie! I imagine the plot of this story would make a very good action film. With all the anticipation and exhilaration, I think it will be a hit. But then, I'm pretty sure that the movie will be much better than the book. In my point of view, I really wouldn't think that Angles and Demons was actually a book, I would think this was just a story written for a real movie.<br/> The book really wasn't a great work of literature, but it as definitely entertaining at the time. It was just one of those books, that you had to read, and you thought it was pretty decent. If you asked me what book I would read if I had nothing else to do, I would say Angels and Demons. I'm not saying that it's a bad book, but it can be classified as a "trashy novel".  But yet, it was very entertaining. But then, it was one of those books that you read once and then you would never read again. But I believe that Brown as a talented mind and if he wrote any other books (not including Da Vinci Code), I would definitely read it.
 I had a hard time putting this book down! Angels and Demons, by Dan Brown, is a terrific, action-packed novel with a fair share of heart pumping action, secret organizations, double-crossers, mysterious killers, and jaw-dropping assassinations. Staying true to the name "page turner", nearly every chapter ends with a hair-rising cliffhanger, edging the reader to go on to the next chapter. Dan Brown keeps the flow going throughout the book and effortlessly keeps the audience in their seats until the end.  The story itself is twisted and full of countless surprises. You'll never know what's going to hit you next.<br/><br/>The book is centered around a Harvard symbology professor named Robert Langdon. Early in the morning, Robert  receives a call from CERN, an advanced physics laboratory in Switzerland. Apparently, one of the top scientists working at CERN was murdered and branded with a strange symbol. Robert comes over to investigate and discovers that the brand was from none other than the Illuminati, a long-dead and anti-religious brotherhood. But when a mysterious caller informs that the Vatican is in danger of being wiped clean off the face of the planet, Robert is forced to admit that the ancient brotherhood has resurfaced and he is abruptly thrown into the vast cathedrals of Vatican City in search of vital clues that might save the church from total annihilation.<br/><br/>The book is fast-paced, so fast paced that the story manages to cram itself under the time span of twenty-four hours! Besides the frantic action, the book also gives some deep insight on the war between science and religion that really makes you think about what is going on in the world today. Sprinkled on top are tons of eye-opening facts such as the process of papal elections, the origin of the word "assassin", and info on the highly dangerous substance known as antimatter. Angels and Demons was obviously well-researched and I congratulate Brown for pulling off this novel while keeping (most of) the facts straight. Probably the only complaint I hold against this book is the ending. The conclusion  left me confused and unsatisfied. Without spoiling the ending, I'll just say that the evil mastermind that was unmasked near the end of the story was entirely unexpected, but not in a good way. From the unmasking of the "bad guy", the book gets extremely awkward in explaining anything and I became thoroughly dissatisfied. But other than that, Angels and Demons is easily still one of the best books I've read in a while. Kudos to Mr. Brown for delivering a nearly perfect thriller! I'd certainly give this book a another go when I get the chance. If you want a fun and intense reading experience, I strongly recommend this book!
 For the majority of this book all I could think of was that this was Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum intended for pretentious American "literati" that have one tenth the literary background as the educated European audience Foucault's Pendulum was written for. Even the main character's academic position as a professor of symbology at Harvard was too close to Eco's own real position as a professor of semiotics (symbology, to put Brown's term to it). Also, Brown's ham-fisted approach to plot twists simply irritated me by continuously insulting my intelligence. I had figured out who the villain was by the time I finished reading the page on which that character was introduced.<br/>But, I'm jumping ahead with out giving you the jist of the story. Basically, there's a ritualistic murder of a priest/physicist who invented something that could make the world a Utopia or destroy it (insert menacing voice) if it fell into the wrong hands. The details of the murder prompt the director of the research facility to call Umberto Eco, er, I mean, Robert Langdon, Harvard Symbology expert. So off Langdon goes hunting for the secret, ancient brotherhood responsible for the priest/physicist's death, with the dead man's (might as well have been) bikini-clad daughter in tow and saves the world, or just the Vatican.<br/>Despite being utterly unoriginal and a jejune story designer, Brown's fast action descriptions had me so compelled that I missed my train stop at least once. I think Dan Brown would be a great screen writer or even better a ghost writer for some other author who has great ideas but can't write worth a damn. If someone gives you this book or you find it on the 10¢ rack at your favourite used book store then read it but I wouldn't go out of my way to find it nor would I spend more than a dollar or two for it.
 When the Vatican is threatened by an ancient group of terrorists armed with deadly new technology, it is up to Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon and the beautiful Vittoria Vettra to save Rome.  A brilliant scientist has been murdered and branded with the sign of the ancient Illuminati and his groundbreaking discovery has been stolen.  His discovery has the power to jumpstart a religious revival like the world has never seen, but, in the wrong hands it has become a ticking time bomb.  In the course of twenty-four hours, Langdon must decode ancient instructions, uncover hidden clues, and face betrayal if he ever wants to get out alive.<br/><br/>Though the plot is filled with twists and suspense, Dan Brown's style is at times overly drawn out and dramatic.  This novel could have easily been fifty pages shorter.  His characters are also noticeably flat and unrealistic.  Nevertheless,  Dan Brown has managed to craft an exhilarating novel that is impossible to put down.  Anyone at all interested in the intrigue of the Vatican, mysterious secret societies, mind-bending puzzles, modern science, or the classic debate between science and religion must read this novel.  Nothing is as it seems, as the most honorable characters turn into deadly foes and even clairvoyant readers are unable to predict the ending.  While this novel may never be considered great literature, it is absolutely worth staying up all night to finish.
 An internationally leading scientist is found dead in his office. The director of his institute calls an American symbologist to the rescue, because certain signs lead to the conclusion that the killers may have been "Illuminati".<br/><br/>The professor and the dead man's daughter fly to Rome in order to find the murderer(s) and a box of antimatter that will blow up in 11 hours if not recharged.<br/><br/>In Rome, they follow leads of angels and demons that are supposed to literally show the way to the Illuminati.<br/><br/>The idea of a connection between certain works of arts of an era is not bad. The whole thing gets so incredible, because beyond this superficial plot there is - nothing.<br/><br/>The artists cannot have had anything to do with the Illuminati, because that secret society wasn't founded until app. 100 years after their life-time. There's no explanation for that, so the main theme is obviously and purely ficticious.<br/><br/>The dramatis personae talk and act like 13-year-old high-school kids, which is rather strange if projected in a Cardinal or a world's leading scientist.<br/><br/>Still, the story is suspenseful and easy to read. If you like tales, read it.<br/><br/>If you prefer a well-reserched exciting story with historical background in good language, read something else.
 I walked through bookstore the other day and saw all kind of books that either in "Code" or start with a character from the Renaissance. I knew it had something to do with The Da Vinci Code. I didn't want to spend the 24 bucks right there on the book, so I just went home and forgot about it. My mom said she was recommended the book while on the subject of books but to read Angels and Demons first.<br/><br/>I had done some reading on Dan Brown, which had him saying that he admires Robert Ludlum for plotting. After finishing the book, that is an understatement. Brown borrows the Ludlum concept of balancing large amounts of subplots. Sometimes this is a good thing. Sometimes the story struggles under the strain. The plot, which deals with a final bout between the infamous Illuminati and the Vatican, is actually pulled off well. Too well, actually. You want to stay with the plot but he uses so much dialogue to explain back stories (here Ludlum is master). I kept saying to myself I don't care about the history just tell me the story. In his effort to suspend my disbelief, he actually caused it to come back from time to time. This is a minor fault. In fact, the story is so involving I kept trying to figure out the plot while driving from Lockport to Kenner (about a 50 minute drive) -- and back again. Even though the ending is far-fetched (another Ludlum trait), you don't really realize it until a couple of days later when you think back on it.<br/><br/>The best way to sum up the book: I want to read The Da Vinci Code, as soon as I feel like spending the money for it.
 "Angels and Demons" by Dan Brown is a fast paced novel for the history enthusiast. The story is full of surprises and unexpected revelations; however Brown's constant repetition and forced suspense dampen the overall quality of the story.<br/><br/> The story, set mainly in the Vatican, focuses on Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist. After discovering a symbol burned into the chest of a physicist Robert and the physicist's daughter Vittoria set out to the Vatican to find a large quantity of anti matter before it can destroy the city. There they discover a thousand year old underground group called the Illuminati. The Illuminati were responsible for the deaths of the physicist, the Pope, and 3 Cardinals. Their ultimate goal is to destroy the Catholic Church and only Robert has the knowledge to help stop them.<br/><br/> The story line is full of twists, deception, and bizarre connections and keeps the reader interested. Although I doubt the story is factual, Brown portrays the events as though they were true. The purpose of this book was solely for entertainment and Brown was able to keep the story interesting.<br/><br/> The down side of this novel is Brown's writing style. The story, which was suspenseful by itself, was divided into different perspectives in each chapter. Although this was initially confusing, once the story began to develop the different settings were easier to understand. Brown left his paragraphs very blunt and often repeated what the reader already knows. This was supposed to add to the suspense of the story but instead it became annoying and overwhelmed the intended suspense.<br/><br/>The story itself was interesting and Brown kept the reader guessing. I recommend this book for anyone who liked "The Da Vinci Code" or anyone interested in religion, science, or suspense novels.
 Despite the incredible implausibility of the situation and the shallowness of the characters, this is a gripping story which will definitely add to anyone's insomnia. Perhaps this story would have made a better movie than book, rewritten to fit actors. Robert Langdon is obviously a rosier version of Dan Brown himself, running around forbidden buildings in Italy with beautiful women. When Robert Langdon is first described, we can turn to the back cover and see that Dan Brown is wearing the same clothes.<br/>Why would the camerlengo end up as crazy as he was if he had grown up with and been taught by someone as sane as the Pope? Did it begin when he was 10 years old and got splashed with his mother's blood? Though there were a lot of interesting views on religion and its connection to science, it was rather disappointing to learn how inaccurate most of the facts were. The descriptions of the off-limits areas were also interesting, though one can also wonder how real they are. It must have been very difficult to research this book. In the novel, Robert Langdon marvels at the impossibility of creating five perfect ambigrams, and yet Dan Brown managed to find an artist who could create these. Overall, if you do not care for sleep and like descriptions of innocent old men being killed in gory ways, this book is very much for you.
 The usual Dan Brown formula, but it works. An enjoyable read. I keep paying money for his books and I keep getting great value. If you've enjoyed his other books, you will enjoy this.
 With the death of Pope John Paul II, this book will take on new meaning for the reader.  It is now not only a vivid tried-and-true, "who-done-it" plot about good versus evil, but also a window into the arcane world of the Conclave and the Camerlengo.  Since the College of Cardinals has not met in Conclave for some 26 years, the twists, turns, and profound bits of history that Dan Brown weaves into the plot will be of great interest to both Catholics and non-Catholics alike.  You can find perfectly good information on the Internet about electing a Pope (e.g.,  ...] but this book adds TONS of life to it!
 Not much can be said that hasn't already been said.  Amazing book...better than The DaVinci Code.  Brown's style of merging fiction and non-fiction is refreshing and prevents the reader from putting their book down.<br/><br/>Michael T. Hanley, CPA is the Managing Partner of the Smithtown, NY CPA Firm, Merl &amp; Hanley, LLP and the author of Effective Tax Planning for the MicroBusiness: <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/30-Minutes-With-A-Certified-Public-Accountant-Effective-Tax-Planning-for-the-MicroBusiness/dp/057801999X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">30 Minutes With...A Certified Public Accountant: Effective Tax Planning for the MicroBusiness</a>
 This book starts of very slow. It takes its time to get exciting and fun. But once it does, it really becomes a fun and smart read. Because it is such an intelligently written book, throughout the read, you feel like you are in the Vatican. This book is not as great as the world renound Da Vinci Code, but it isn't a waste of time- Similar themes, similar energy, and similar plot. If you can get through the first 170 pgs, you may really like the book.<br/><br/>And, yes... the book's ending is quite implausible and cheesy!
 I first read the DaVinci Code and could not put that book down until I finished it in 3 days. I decided then to read Angels and Demons and while hard to believe found this book to be similar to DaVinci but much more captivating. I read this in 3 days also. I thought I knew about the Vatican but I sometimes got the feeling that D.Brown was a Cardinal in a previous life due to the historical facts, symbols and characters that he created in this well written  suspenseful  book.<br/>I highly recommend it to all DaVinci fans..
 At first glance, Angels and Demons may deceive a reader with talk of a mysterious murder, a scientific facility in Switzerland called CERN, and a stolen eye ball into thinking that this is the typical Good Vs. Bad book, enclosing a story that takes little thought to figure out and a tremendous amount of time to read.<br/><br/>I read it in four days.<br/><br/>It was difficult to put down the entire time.<br/><br/>Before I started reading, I was skeptical of the same-old mystery novel type of read. Angels and Demons is FAR from your average mystery story.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, an American Harvard symbologist is rudely awakened on night with a murder to be solved thrown into his hands. He flies to Switzerland in a high-tech jet and is thrust into a whirlwind of symbolic statues, ancient archives, the Big Bang, Antimatter, missing cardinals, a dead Pope, and a resurrected Anti-Christian group called the Illuminati. Robert Langdon and Vittoria Vetra travel all of Rome, going through every twist and turn that Dan Brown could have possibly thrown at the two.<br/><br/>As I have said before, I shall say it again. "This book is effin' rad."
 With "Angels and Demons," Dan Brown does a nice job of creating characters that drive the story, rather than vice-versa.  If you're tired of plot-driven novels with thin, and often cliché, characters, then you're likely to dig this one.<br/>If you're into writers like Brown, Michael Baigent, Yann Martel, etc., then there's a new writer you should check out: GREG IPPOLITO.  His most recent novel, "Zero Station," is a politically charged page-turner that pits its main Gen X character (John Saylor) against his Baby Boomer parents, teachers, etc., during the winter of 1991 -- in the heart of the Persian Gulf War.  Right now, Ippolito is still a relative unknown (a friend turned me onto his work)...but this is a must-read.  You can check him out and read an excerpt at:<br/> ...]<br/>Don't miss it.
 Although I haven't seen it, I'm sure this made for an entertaining movie.  The plot is a bit extreme, the logic in some of the things that occur is not all there, but it's just a book, not a chronicle of actual occurrences or possibilities.<br/><br/>I had to force myself to read past the first couple of chapters, what with the flying people and plaque from the government thanking the company for "inventing the internet" and all - but the story moves quickly and it's entertaining throughout.<br/><br/>Those who left 1- or 2-star reviews, remember it's JUST A BOOK! Nobody ever rated a James Bond movie as "unwatchable" because the guy jumps out of a moving plane and lands in a helicopter that is crashing to the ground, and is then able to land the chopper to safety.  People like them because they're fun to watch.  This book was fun to read.
 A fantastic story about a hidden explosive device, and the pending demolition of the Vatican.  I must be honest - I am not typically a fan of fiction.  However, the history unraveled in this page-turner is unparalleled.  Brown uses the rich tradition and imagery of the Vatican as the basis for this thriller, and it provides an excellent setting for his tremendous storytelling.  What starts as a wonderful fiction story turns into a history lesson as you learn the geography and archeology of the Vatican, and many of the rituals of the Catholic Church.  It is also a fairly good moral story, arguing between the benefits of science and virtue of religion.
 After reading some of the other reviews I found myself wondering if I read the same book. I wonder if these people really read the book or they're just part of the Dan Brown hate club. Boring? Predictable? Shallow characters? Overly fantastic? Well, I agree with the last point but this book IS fiction. So don't expect it to obey the laws of physics. I think the author tries to explain a lot of it through divine intervention. My favorite (without giving too much away) being when Langdon falls into the river. I'd like to see that one on Mythbusters.<br/><br/>This book was somewhat like Da Vinci Code (DVC), but I actually found this book to be better. Although I thought the beginning was a little slow with the introduction to antimatter, once they got to Rome the story picked up steam and never slowed down. There were so many twists that I was always surprised and couldn't wait to see how they were going to get out of the mess they were in. I couldn't read this book fast enough. DVC was exciting but I think this was even more so. A major theme across this book is the anti/pro -religion debate. The author presented good arguments on both sides, showing what events motivated certain people to feel one way or the other.<br/><br/>If you liked DVC you'll probably like this one too. Kudos to Dan Brown for getting me interested in reading again after years of trying to read dull, boring books.
 I had read the Da Vinci Code previous to reading Angels and Demons, and I must say that I appreciated Angels and Demons more even though their plot lines are quite similar. Both books deal with almost identical scenarios, with the professor of religious iconology Robert Langley being summoned to assist some foreign country or another in a mysterious murder involving a mysterious brotherhood. As in the Da Vinci Code, there was the beautiful and equally intelligent female character, in this case, a physicist and there were the usual shady villains who sought to bring about the demise of some major organization. However, while reading Angels and Demons, there was an anticlimactic feeling of knowing what would occur next as the plot is so alike to the plot of the Da Vinci Code.<br/>  I found Angels and Demons more enjoyable as I felt that the characters were more fleshed out and the plot line was more interesting and suspenseful. Make no mistake, I felt that Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code were both extremely good reads, it is only in comparison that one appears to be almost an exact replica of the other only with the names of the brotherhood, women, and villains changed. Brown is a talented writer with the ability to make previously thought to be dull subjects as symbology and theological history seem exceptionally interesting and engaging to the reader.<br/>  Aside from the similarities between the two books, I found both to be suspenseful and almost impossible to put down once I started. Angels and Demons was a very ¡¥smart¡¦ book, one that required constant thought on the reader¡¦s part, which was a fresh change from the usual books that one simply read and took in the facts. If you are looking for a simple thoughtless book with which to simply pass the time, then Angels and Demons is not for you, but if it is a thrilling and brainy book that you are looking for, then this is a must read.
 I read this novel after reading the Da Vinci Code. Da Vinci was a huge let down but I heard this one was better so I gave it a shot.<br/><br/>What a pleasant surprise! Angels and Demons was a very exciting suspenseful masterfully plotted book. Additionally, Brown's writing is much better in this one. I thought that the writing in Da Vinci was amateurish. Angels and Demons should have been the bestseller that Da Vinci became.<br/><br/>The book is full of detail and is excellently researched. The dialogue is frequently funny. The best way to describe this book is an Indiana Jones Movie that was made into a book.<br/><br/>Ignore the other negative reviews, this book delivers.
 This book is incredibly overrated. The positives: The segments on Illuminati and Vatican history are interesting, and the book is fairly fast-paced.<br/><br/>However, the plot is so ridiculously far-fetched it made me laugh out loud. I won't do any spoilers here, but the second half of the book is so insanely implausible and silly it's hard to read as good fiction. Every problem is solved like this: This is impossible; there's no way to solve this, impossible; but wait, one of the brilliant characters thinks really hard and comes up with the solution! This happens over and over again, and it gets tiresome. It's the Da Vinci Code all over but the plot is WAY more ridiculous.<br/><br/>The strange thing about Brown's books is that many people take all the issues presented as being somewhat factual. This is a little scary. His books may be well-researched, but let's not forget this is FICTION, and amateurish, silly fiction at that.
 The writing style is capturing and kept my attention.  For the most part extremists are in every segment of every religion. Christianity no different, than Hebrews no different than Islamist that believe their doctrine right and  only path to perceived heaven.
 Angels &amp; Demons is a fantastic read.  I literally could not stop reading the book and that is a feat which doesn't happen very often.  Dan Brown subtly designed the book so you couldn't stop reading it because the chapters are so short that you continually tell yourself "just one more and I'll put it down".  But then he will leave the chapter on a cliffhanger forcing the reader to read a couple chapters until the answer is given which leads to the next.  It's just like finger food, you can't stop consuming it!<br/><br/>  I've always had an interest in controversies and hidden messages, and this book is filled to the brim with them.  It's almost like a history lesson meshed into this action-packed story.  I knew very little about Vatican City other than it's the place where the Pope dwells, and I learned a considerable amount about what the place is and how the Catholic Church is run.  I also found the information about the beginning of the Illuminati and the argument about the validation of religion over science to be interesting, especially since I personally struggle with my own beliefs.<br/><br/>There were a couple twists and turns in the plot which occurred unexpectantly as far as I'm concerned; that's always a treat.  The characters were also drawn out well.  I wouldn't say I had a strong connection with the characters, but I certainly cared for them.  The assassin was especially fleshed out well to be a very effective enemy with vivid descriptions of his oddness and sick behavior.<br/><br/>  Let me just make this simple and clear.  I loved this book and I recommend it to everyone who likes thrillers, action, suspense, mystery, or history.  And if you read any of Dan Brown's other books and liked it, you owe yourself to read this one becuase it is very similar to the other three novels.
 Dan Brown has a gift for mixing fiction with that which he deems as fact (we'll let the experts decide upon what is or is not truly and purely fact) with the end product being a highly-entertaining and fast-paced work of fiction. I found this book to be almost as entertaining and suspenseful as The DaVinci Code, although it did have a few awkward sections with, for lack of a better description, "corny" moments.  On the whole, however, I found it an interesting piece that I would recommend for its pure entertainment value.
 After having read the Da Vinci Code I ordered Angels &amp; Demons immediately to read up on a previous mystery adventure of Robert Langdon. This time I found myself in Rome and yet again confronted with the intrigues of a dark, mysterious, ruthless secret society.... (or that's what I thought anyway.)<br/>The pope died and all the cardinals are assembled to elect one among them as their new leader. However, the three most potential candidates are missing and Langdon accompanied by a very capable and intelligent female scientist finds himself drawn into a thrilling chain of events. Brutally murdered bodies duffed with the signs of an ancient secret society thought to be inexistent for centuries mark his way. There are a mere 6 hours left till mayday.. Breathtaking and full of good views on Rome and insights into art and science the adventure unfolds.<br/>There's just one thing which stood me up yet again: What's up with Dan's endings? His "special-effect" endings just don't work for me.
 Harvard professor Robert Langdon and CERN scientist Vittoria Vetra have just one night to prevent the Vatican from being destroyed by an antimatter bomb. Can they do it? Of course. But the fun lies in how and why.<br/>A  sample of antimatter has been stolen from physics center CERN by the  Illuminati -- the all-powerful group made so famous by Robert A. Wilson's  books. Here, they are represented as being an ancient order of scientists  upset with the way the Church has treated science and scientists. (Me, I  always liked the bankers-as-secret-force or blood-relatives-of-Jesus  explanation of the Illuminati, but this will do.) This provides for plenty  of science vs. religion conversations, and Brown does a good job with them.<br/>ANGELS AND DEMONS is a fast, but satisfying read. It rolls along  unstoppably, not the least of which because the action takes place over a  24-hour span. Even if -- as I did -- you guess what's really happening  half-way through the book, you'll never guess what happens in the last 40  pages.<br/>The book is laced with fun facts about electing a pope and the  Vatican, like that St. Peter's bones are not in the golden casket in St.  Peter's Basilica, but two stories under it. Brown knows the layout. And  that the artist Raphael's last name was Santi. He also knows how marble  statues were carved. Brown's no Irving Stone (THE AGONY AND THE ECSTACY),  but he does manage to inform without being pedantic.<br/>As Vittoria and  Langdon race around Rome, we get quite a tour, with great descriptions.  (Pick up a paperback copy next summer and bring it to Rome. Take the Brown  tour.) What's interesting is that all the places and pieces of art in this  book really exist. So Brown has played a version of the Sherlockians' Great  Game by linking them all with his "history" of the Illuminati and their  doings. No small feat.<br/>Several of the plot elements have to be taken  with a grain of salt. First, there is the fact that everyone in this book  is absolutely amazed by amibgrams (these are words which can be ready the  same upside-down as right-side up -- the book's dust jacket has the title  in ambigram). They play an important role in the story, and everyone who  encounters them is practically struck dumb the fact that even exist. They  "seem utterly impossible." I guess no one else in the story (including  symbol expert Langdon) remembers that OMNI magazine ran an ambigram contest  in the 1980s and published dozens of the thousands of entries they  received, I imagine that by now there must be a software program or web  site that can make them for you (and make an acrostic that spells out your  girlfriend's name). In short: they aren't that amazing. Then there are  things like the fact that Vittoria (a physicist) isn't familiar with the  classical four elements of earth, air, fire, and water. Come on.<br/>Great  literature? No, but you sure keep turning the pages to see what happens  next.
 I truly enjoyed this book -- as much as I enjoyed DaVinci Code.  I love the whole conspiracy theory between the Church and the Illuminati and how they have used the Masons as a centuries old cover.  As usual, Dan Brown's books make me want to research the facts so I can learn more about the topics from a factual perspective.  The book was riveting through and through....I couldn't wait to turn the page to see what happened next.  Okay, so the helicopter jump at the end was a bit outlandish, but it made for exciting reading.  Highly recommend this great book.  Go Dan!
 I had opportunity to finish Dan Brown's "Angels &amp; Demons" in three days before my family and I went to visit Rome and the Vatican City.  Reading about the history, sites, and people before arriving definitely made me enjoy this thriller.<br/><br/>Brown's latest masterpiece features the bright Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon, an ancient intellectual brotherhood, the Papal Conclave, the top research center in the world (CERN), and plot twists to definitely throw you for a loop.  The beginning of the book is a little slow but finally picks up when Robert arrives in Rome and the mystery begins.  While traveling around Rome and the Vatican City, I continually found myself pulling out the book and checking the text against the facts.  I knew the book was fiction, but a part of me wanted to believe that the dove on top of the obelisk in Piazza de Navona really did point to the building that it did in the book; this was not the case.  Despite that fact, Brown's ability to manipulate the landmarks and add historical details enriches the book.<br/>This was a great read for the most part; however, there were some flaws that could have been improved.  The "miraculous" ending seemed a little far fetched to the point that it alerted me to the fact that something was wrong with the situation.  Seondly, Brown seems to enjoy writing about unbelievably beautiful and intelligent female heroes, as in "Angels &amp; Demons" and "Digital Fortress" which seem to be some sort of fantasy for him because they are practically non-existent.  The female hero in "Angels &amp; Demons" would have been more believable if she was uglier.  Ending on that unique opinion, "Angels &amp; Demons" will surely knock your socks off and catch you off guard in the end.  You could easily finish this book in one week.
 Read and loved the DaVinci Code, so I thought I'd give Dan Brown's Angels &amp; Demons a read.  It was a good story (basically), but a bit far fetched even for fiction.<br/><br/>I guess I became disinterested when the hero, Robert Langdon has to jump out of a helicopter instead of being killed in the anti-matter explosion.  He uses the windshield cover of the helicopter to "slow his falling rate".  He lands into the Tiber River.  He's fished out of the water; brought to the hospital where he has no broken bones.  He then realizes that he must get back to St Peters and bolts upright, demands clothing (his were soaked in the fall) and off he goes.<br/><br/>Now I know, I know ..it's Fiction!  But next time Dan .. provide Robert with a parachute eh?
 I started to read this book with a vigor and then it took me a few weeks to get through the rest. I did enjoy this one but I can not compare it to "Da Vinci Code" as I have yet to read it. I did like the details of the Vatican and the history but I do wish it focused more on the history facts. I really only read it because Ewan McGregor is in the movie and I was more interested in his character than Robert Langdon's. I deffinitly felt more concern for McGregor's character.
 A friend first introduced me to "The Da Vinci Code". After reading the book, I was captivated by the suspense and the fast pace of the novel, and was soon off finding books that are also written by Dan Brown. I was a fan of Dan Brown's and his collection of books by the end of my reading of  "Angels and Demons". This will be a book that will set the readers off into their thoughts of solving the mysteries themselves, while reading rapidly to quickly catch the next dilemma in line.<br/> Dan Brown writes about a main character in the two books, Robert Langdon, as the code breaker of the many mysteries that lay in his path. The Harvard Symbology professor is a well-known symbologist that many government agencies or polices would pick to take part of the crimes that needs a code breaker. In this book, the story started out with a midnight waking call, a mysterious voice that requests for his help in a murder crime. Langdon soon started off his crime-solving adventure to try to find the truth behind the resurfaced secret brotherhood, the Illuminati, which tried to take control over the entire Catholic Church. He then joined hands with the daughter of the murdered scientist in search of the assassin responsible for the act.<br/> "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code" are both similar books with the murder crimes needed to solve, the mysterious midnight phone call, along with the many codes broken by Robert Langdon. The high suspense of this novel left me with my heart hanging in the air. By reading this book, I reached the information that I never would know about even in my wildest dreams. If you enjoy a fast-paced novel that includes murder, adventures, or secrets, this book will definitely satisfy your requirements.
 Angels and Demons by Dan Brown is an exhilarating, cleverly delivered novel that will instantly engulf all your senses as your eyes dissect every last word cover to cover.  Dan Brown has a very interesting method of storytelling; he both condenses the largest concept in the least amount of words and spends pages on the tiniest elements, triggering emotions in the reader.<br/> The majority of the story revolves around Vatican City and a man named Robert Langdon. Awoken mid-slumber by a screaming telephone, Langdon is informed of a murder that would normally be unworthy of waking from a dream for but when the man on the other end sends a throat-tightening fax Langdon's way, his attention is fully given to the caller.<br/> The story of CERN and its missing antimatter (a very explosive substance created for the first time in CERN's facility) quickly unfolds and Langdon finds his partner in crime, Vittoria Vetra: a young Italian woman who's father lay lifeless on Langdon's fax. Together they travel to Italy to discover their ticking time bomb is hidden somewhere in Vatican City and a path that will ultimately lead to an ancient brotherhood of hateful science-worshiping gatherers called the Illuminati who were believed to be extinct before the fax. A fun game of cat-and-mouse turns into a personal quest for both Langdon and Vittoria and surprises lurk around every corner (or page).<br/> In high school, I must be honest, I have never fully completed reading  a novel, as a senior, I'm glad to say that this is the first assigned novel that has actually intrigued me. I had no problem reading this book and would definitely recommend it to anyone who loves to question faith and science.
 "Medicine, electronic communications, space travel, genetic manipulation...these are the miracles about which we now tell our children. These are the miracles we herald as proof that science will bring us the answers. The ancient stories of immaculate conceptions, burning bushes, and parting seas are no longer relevant. God has become obsolete. Science has won the battle...But science's victory...has cost every one of us. And it has cost us deeply."<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons, by Dan Brown, is a riveting tale of the struggle between science and religion. This book faces many difficult issues that have been argued for centuries. One touchy subject that Brown effectively addresses is the idea and belief of religion and God in general. I could not agree more with the view his main character takes. When asked, "Do you believe in God Mr. Langdon?" he replies, "Having faith requires leaps of faith...(The codes of conduct, the Bible, the Koran, Buddhist scriptures) claim that if I don't live by a specific code I will go to hell. I can't imagine a God who would rule that way." He later goes on to explain that he believes in God, however it is not the image of God people project. Brown argues many sides of religion throughout this book, to all extremes and everything in between. A large part of Angels &amp; Demons thick plot is the struggle between the Church and science. It includes both modern and historic struggles between the two. It is very real because these issues are still pressing today.<br/><br/>Dan Brown efficiently weaves fact and fiction in such a way it is hard to differentiate the two. His fast paced, dramatic, and unpredictable writing keeps you turning the pages. With chapters ending in with thing such as: "He never suspected that later that night, in a country hundreds of miles away, the information would save his life," how could you not keep reading?<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons takes place throughout modern day Rome and Vatican City. Brown includes numerous tourist spots throughout Rome and describes elements within these spots, specifically artwork. All locations and works of art mentioned throughout the book really exist and pictures of such things and places can easily be seen using any image search engine. This element of truth in the setting adds to the story's believability.<br/><br/>Dan Brown, aside from effectively laying out an enticing setting and plot, is able to develop realistic, yet interesting characters. Robert Langdon, a renowned professor of religious symbology at Harvard and the book's main character, travels across Rome on an ancient "path of illumination" in an attempt to save the world, as we know it. He is joined by realistic, dramatic, and diverse characters, including a crippled, almost emotionless scientist, an astonishingly lovely and intelligent physicist, and a fierce, stubborn commander of the Swiss Guard, the group responsible for keeping Vatican City safe. All of the characters work off of and interact with one another as humans actually do, making the book yet again even more believeable.<br/><br/>Overall, Angels &amp; Demons is a great read that will at times scare you, at times make you chuckle, and will undoubtedly shock you.
 This book will take you on one! It certainly did me. Angels &amp; Demons was the first Dan Brown novel that I read and I was captivated from the first sentence to the last word. This is a riveting thriller that is action-packed with suspense, murder, and mayhem that threatens to erupt on the eve of the new pope's coronation. Plus, it is filled with factual information regarding historical landmarks and the Catholic Church, while intertwining science and religion. I highly recommend putting this book on your "must-read" list!
 Angels &amp; Demons is the only thriller I've ever considered a work of art, and it's the only thriller I've ever felt truly deserved 5 stars. And before you start - yes, I HAVE read The DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>If you've read any of his books (and you've probably read The Code), you already know that Dan Brown's novels are exciting, engaging, and extremely difficult to put down. He is a master of the cliffhanger style - when you finally manage to disengage hand from book cover, you're positively delirious to know what happens next. His use of a real-time writing style captures every moment of the action - Angels &amp; Demons covers just about 20 hours, start to finish, in 600 pages, and none of it is boring. Furthermore, there's no denying that Dan Brown's grasp of intellectual topics is simply stunning. His other novels - such as Digital Fortress and Deception Point - show that he writes accurately and entrancingly about scientific topics. The DaVinci Code shows that his abilities with religious topics are equally skillful.<br/><br/>But nothing prepared me for the shock of Angels &amp; Demons. The novel is a chimera, a hybrid beast, simultaneously integrating both religion AND science - and that's certainly impressive. But Dan Brown's paramount achievement is his ability to avoid vilifying one side or the other, a near impossibility considering the almost magnetic level of repulsion historically felt by proponents of religion towards proponents of science, and vice versa. In A &amp; D, both sides take turns sharing the blame for the convoluted series of events that brings our hero - Robert Langdon, a.k.a. Super Symbologist Man - to Rome, and in the end it's hard for the reader to pin down just who's the "bad guy" in this debacle. Clearly, this is the point: Dan Brown is intelligent enough to recognize and elucidate the sources of this ongoing conflict, and if he points a finger at anything, it's the CONFLICT itself that he blames. A wiser, more reasonable weighing of the issues could hardly be found, and you'd NEVER expect it in mass-market paperback form.<br/><br/>Hmmm, sounds dense, philosophical, and boring, you say? Not so. Dan Brown enables the metamorphosis of the topic, from a centuries-old debate over the nature of reality and human existence into a page-turning thrill-ride of epic proportions. Consider this: A hidden capsule of antimatter threatens Vatican City with total annihilation... but a physicist-priest attempting to demonstrate the existence of God created the antimatter. The Church-hating Illuminati stole the antimatter... but the key to finding them lies in the Vatican Library. Think you know who the bad guys are? Just wait for the ending.<br/><br/>Like the vast majority of Dan Brown fans, I read the sequel to Angels &amp; Demons before I ever read the book itself. The DaVinci Code is a fabulous book, and it deserves a great deal of credit for bringing Brown's writing to an audience of millions. But popularity aside, The Code pales in comparison to Angels &amp; Demons. Anathema! But it's the truth. Angels &amp; Demons is a masterpiece. Amazon's review refers to Angels &amp; Demons as "brain candy," and they're dead on about that. Make no mistake - this book will make you think. But it's some of the yummiest thinking I've ever had to do, and it comes complete with an action-packed plotline to complement the sugar high.
 Well, I am finally getting around to reading Mega Bestselling author Dan Brown, what a rush! This book is an incredible thriller, a tour guide to Rome, and an educational adventure all rolled into one. I've never learned so much from a work of fiction. Having Taken some art class last semister, I appreciated so much the references to art from the Renaissance. I think the book suffers a bit from Crichtonism. That being defined as "when an author can't decide what to do at the end so he throws out the most ludicrous thing he can think of." The ending does stretch ones ability to suspend disbelief. In spite of the poor ending I am looking forward to reading the "Da Vinci Code."
 I grabbed this because of the title. I love books about Angels and Demons. The back cover mentioned a guy out to save the Vatican. It sounded cool.<br/><br/>However, it had nothing to do with either angels or demons. It was one long anti-Catholic diatribe. It criticizes the Holy See for spinning rumors then does just that itself. As a person of faith, this reader found the writer to know nothing about faith.<br/><br/>The Vatican apologized to Galileo - publicly - about 10 years before Brown wrote his book. Science and religion CAN walk hand in hand. Today, scientists study the power of prayer and communicating with those who have passed on. The Vatican has had its own observatory in Arizona for decades. As far as faith protecting believers from all harm - that's about the silliest thing to say about a faith launched on a man who was crucified.<br/><br/>It was entertaining. I do feel very sad for folks who think this stuff is truth.
 The Adobe E-book reader is how I read it on a tablet PC.  The PC's little CPU fan was laboring furiously as tablet PCs tend to overheat after hours of use :)<br/>I couldn't predict the book, and I'm pretty good at figuring out plots.  The ending is truely twisted, and yet so believable. This book is graphic and grisley; the images are vivid, horrific, and show just how cruely one man may take the life of another.  Don't read this unless you can handle this.<br/>What amazes me the most is the depth of research that must have been performed to create this book.  My scientific knowledge is fairly decent.  Matter and Anti-matter reactions may very well leapfrog nuclear fusion if this book is correct.  I'm only giving away a tidbit of the early part of the books, so don't worry.<br/>What is also amazing is that no matter what is true and what is made up, everything comes across as believable, interwoven, and integrated at a level that is very unusual for a work of fiction.<br/>Add a real plot, with real characters, and only a tiny weakness in the love story development and a suspence thriller par-excellant is the result.<br/>Enjoy the book.  Do not plan on sleeping.
 I must admit, I had difficulty putting this book down.  The story has its faults, but considering how captivated I became in the tale - and how it held my attention throughout, I can't be overly critical.<br/>The pace of the story is intense and most of the characters are pretty well developed.  I would like to have learned more about the background of the Hassassin however.<br/>Dan Brown writes vivid, super-interesting stories that are entertaining and imaginative.<br/>Can't wait to read his next novel....
 ....fabulously few details about our hero.<br/>Most books drone on and on about how the main character looks, feels, acts. Patricia Cornwell began to do the same thing in her Scarpetta books. But Dan Brown gives his readers enough credit to know we can imagine Robert Langdon in our own mind without mindless dribble.<br/>The writing is smart, quick and does not insult readers with a boring plot.<br/>Each page reveals a new twist or "aha!" moment, BUT not so much that you can predict what's going to happen.....At the end of the book, I was sure I knew "whodunit" but then I found out I was totally misled, which was a fabuluous surprise!<br/>Highly recommended.
 I read Angels and Demons after I read the Da Vinci Code. I had been told that this was the better of the two books and I have to concur. It has a wonderful plot; complex enough to keep you guessing but not so complex that you can't put it all together at the end. Some of the annoying aspects of Brown's writing style were far less evident in Angels and Demons than were in the Da Vinci Code (e.g., things like "What he saw next he couldn't have imagined in his wildest dreams . . .")<br/><br/>FYI -- I listened unabridged audio production of Angels and Demons. While it was sometimes difficult to distinguish between the characters, it was, for the most part, a good narration.
 Having not seen either of the movies or read any books in the series, this was the first Dan Brown piece that I have read. Therefore, I am happy to say that I could come into the story unbiased and truly enjoy it for what it is: a fast-paced action thriller that keeps you guessing to the end.<br/><br/>As a Catholic myself, I can honestly say that I was never really offended at any point. You have to read this with an open mind and not take it as propaganda; some of the reviewers on this site apparently did not get the memo that it is a work of fiction and meant to entertain...nothing more. Although there are inaccuracies throughout the book, the story is well researched and cleverly comes together at the end in dramatic fashion. Yes, I am aware that anti-matter will never evolve into the power source of the future, but there is a hint of truth to many of the subjects found throughout the book, even if most are simply hypothetical.<br/>.<br/>I won't get into the details of the story, but the central theme revolves around the struggle between religion and science; a topic which no doubt everybody has some sort of stake in. Pick it up, read it, enjoy it, then move on with your life. It's tough to put down once you get into it; I know that I went into work more than once with bags under my eyes from staying up too late to read it. Sure it has its flaws, but it definitely gets my recommendation
 Even though I had long stopped caring I really don't know why or how I even bothered finishing this .<br/>Brown's fantasy as the elder scholar coming to the rescue of the young damsel who falls madly in love with him has been  tired out for a very long time.Enough already.<br/>As for the rest of the "plot"its pretty much a rehashing or i should say a prehashing of the da vinci code.<br/>i suppose the next book will be a posthashing with the masons filling in for the illuminati=knights templar-masons.
 Angels and Demons is the first book by Dan Brown that I have read, preferring older classics to many contemporary books.  Always a sucker for historical driven adventure (i.e. Indiana Jones and the like) this book was suggested to me as a good read.<br/><br/>The following are key points that illustrate the book's strengths and weaknesses:<br/><br/>Strengths<br/><br/>a.) Excellent effort on Brown's part in weaving historical facts with FICTION.  Many reviewers of this book have mistaken this book as a nonfiction read.  As far as fiction goes, the accuracy of artwork, dates, and such are completely acceptable when contextualized with the story as a whole.<br/><br/>b.) Brown certainly has a knack for immersing the reader into the story.  The vivid details are nice, and unlike a couple reviewers on here, the tidbits of personal info he sometimes delves into regarding each character from time to time is his attempt at SHOWING and not TELLING... acceptable attempt at giving depth to characters and illustrating personality.<br/><br/>c.) The twists are nice, anyone that could see it coming way back in chapter 8 as one reviewer recalls is being pretentious.  95% of people that read this book would not see the twist coming in the extent it did, and the other 5% are simply lying to you in an effort to bolster their self-esteem and impress their D&amp;D friends.<br/><br/>d.) Character development was mediocre, but nice at points... I enjoyed the descriptions of the Hassassin as well as Olivetti.<br/><br/>Weakness<br/><br/>a.) Cardinal Mortati is weakly developed, he is little more than Brown's attempt for the reader to see the incredible events unfold from the perspective of an objective member of the Vatican.  He measures up very weakly when compared to Carlo Ventresca's bold character.  Would have liked to see more of a balance.<br/><br/>b.) The book is incredibly long at points, dragging through with a little too much detail in some spots.  The climactic ending is a little farfetched as well.<br/><br/>c.) The love story between Langdon and Vittoria is OK, it works for what it's worth.  Brown left it somewhere in the middle... I personally would have liked to have seen more chemistry between the two... more conflict between the two to begin with then subsiding into this camaraderie and shared experience between the two that Brown portrays.  They simply love each other way too easily, I know they nearly got killed endless times in the book, but still... more chemistry for that kind of love story.
 Dan Browns "Angels and Demons" is a wonderful story that gives thre reader not only the pleasure of a mystery, but also history and science fiction.  The story takes place in Vatican City, and deals with the intricate system of electing a new pope.  A system that has been in place since the beginning of the Catholic Church and one that will remain in place for years to come.  The story also deals with the scientific explanaition of the us of Anti-matter as a source of energy, and also the destruction it cause.<br/><br/>The story revolves around Robert Langdon, a professor at Harvard teaching symbology.  He is invited to visit a lab in Switzerland where a man was murdered and branded with a symbol of the Illuminati, an ancient cult throught to be extinct.  Robert Langdon is put on an x-33 Jet that travels at 110,000 mph and makes the trip from boston to Geneva Switzerland in exactly one hour.  Upon his arrival he is shown the mans murdered body and the Illuminati symbol and he is then introduced to the idea of Anti-matter.  The story explains that Anti-matter is a tremendous source of energy and could fuel the world in the future.  The only problem is that if a drop of Anti-matter comes in contact with one molecule of normal matter, it will explode, an explosion so big it would make Hiroshima look like a firecracker.<br/><br/>A canister of this Anti-matter has been stolen, and with the death of the pope, the college of cardinals in the vatican has ten days to choose a new pope.  However the cardinals are dissapearing.  Each being murdered, and branded with a different symbol that deals with the Illuminati.  Robert Langdon is sent to the Vatican in the hopes to find the missing cansiter of Anti-matter, and to solve the mystery of the Illuminati before the time runs out and the Anti-matter explods destroying the Vatican.<br/><br/>This is a wonderful book, it is almost impossible to put down.  It is written extremely well and gives a detailed explanaition of everything.  As a person who does not like Mystery novels, I was suprised at how much I loved this book, it just kept me fascinated the entire time.  The story flows perfectly, there is never a dull moment, and the plot is so fresh and new that you cant be bored of it at all.<br/><br/>I reccomend this book to everyone and anyone it is a fantastic story that not only entertains you but also teaches you about the history of the Vatican and the interesting system of electing a new pope.  It doesnt stop there, going farther and teaching you about Anti-matter and the futuristic flight technology that will be here sooner then you imagine.  The story is great it is a wonderful book and once you start to read it, you wont stop reading it.  Everyone should read this book, and then after they read this they should read "The Da Vinci Code."  Dan Browns follow up to this story.  After you read "Angels and Demons" you will want to read "The Da Vinci Code."
 This is the first Dan Brown book I've read &amp; I absolutely loved it!!  I cannot wait to read his others.  I had heard this was as good as the Da Vinci code, only more intense.<br/><br/>I could not put this book down &amp; read it within a few days.  It is a great book of suspense and mystery.  Brown keeps you intrigued with one twist after another.  I thought the story revolving around Vatican City was so interesting, not knowing about how the Popes and priests live.  The book battles science and religion and does a wonderful job with details.  I can't wait to read the Da Vinci code.
 Angels and Demons introduces the character of Robert Langdon, professor of religious iconology and art history at Harvard University. As the novel begins, he's awakened in the middle of the night by a phone call from Maximilian Kohler, the director of CERN, the world's largest scientific research facility in Geneva, Switzerland. One of their top physicists had been murdered, with his chest branded with the word "Illuminati." Since Langdon is an expert on the ancient secret society known as the Illuminati, he's asked to help solve the murder.<br/><br/>  The murder victim is Leonardo Vetra. Not only is he one of the world's leading physicists, he's a Catholic priest. He's a priest who has adopted a daughter, Vittoria, who is also a scientist at CERN. Vetra and his daughter were using the world's largest particle accelerator to create antimatter which has mysteriously disappeared and will explode in 24 hours.The canister is quickly found on a security camera in Vatican City, with its clock counting down the time until the batteries run out and the canister explodes. The security camera, however, is nowhere to be found, leaving the canister's whereabouts a mystery too. Langdon and Vittoria Petra are quickly sent off to Rome and Vatican City, to help find the canister and return it to CERN before it explodes at midnight.<br/><br/>  Not only does the canister threaten to destroy Vatican City, but with the recent death of the Pope, the cardinals of the Catholic Church are all within the city for the conclave to choose the new pope. They are all about to be locked within the Sistine Chapel where, according to church law, they must remain until a new pope is chosen. They are awaiting the preferiti, the four cardinals from four different European countries who are the preferred candidates to become the new pope. While Langdon and Vittoria are trying to convince the captain of the Swiss Guard and the camerlengo, the Pope's chamberlain who leads the church until the new pope is named, that the antimatter bomb is real, a phone call is received from a man who claims to be from the Illuminati. He has the four cardinals, which he will murder one by one, and then allow the bomb to destroy Vatican City, which houses not only the church hierarchy, but also its possessions and wealth. He has no demands; his only wish is the destruction of the Catholic Church in retribution for the church's treatment of scientists and the Illuminati over the centuries.<br/><br/>  In Angels and Demons Dan Brown told a masterful story that takes you to the underground corridors of a Swiss laboratory to the darkest churches of the Vatican. You will be unable to put the book down until the last page of the book. Dan tells a story full of mystery, revenge, betrayal, and courage.
 This is the first Dan Brown book that I have read after seeing its title on the bus.<br/>Dan Brown is totally effective in bringing fact, science, and history to a reader within an exciting plot.  The characters, their roles and personalities are beautifully created to explain difficult concepts in a laymans terms and in the context in which they could be used outside of the academic world.<br/>Through Robert Langdon's adventure, we go deep into the Vatican, discover an ancient secret society "The Illuminati" (it prompted me to have a search on the internet!!), travel Rome, enlightened me with developments of Science and the subsequent issues that arise.<br/>I personally like books which slightly blur fact and fiction and this book did very well in achieving this.  Dan Brown satisfied my own personal interest in science, beliefs and ethics and brings forward not only the questions we find ourselves asking in our own lives, but also the several answers that that accompany each question on religion, beliefs, ethics, sciences and morality.<br/>However, although the book starts factually and objectively and, for myself, although the plot developed brilliantly, I found that the facts and the situations created were not as strong as the beginning, reducing my engagement with the fact that I "could" be possibly reading a book that wasn't fiction....<br/>I highly recommend reading it - incredibly informative, with an exciting plot.  Even if you aren't interested in learning anything, but just like a damn good read ... I'm sure this will not disappoint.  I'm now off to purchase and read the next Dan Brown book.
 In Dan Brown's Angels and Demons, Brown takes the reader on a desperate chase across Rome and through Vatican City to halt an attempt from an anti-Christian group to bring the Christian Church to its knees. Alongside Robert Langdon, a professor of symbology at Harvard University, and Vitoria Vetra whose father was murdered on the path to terrorizing the Vatican, are given less than a day's time to track down the scientific group, the Illuminati, or Vatican City faces destruction by means of anti-matter, the black of matter's white. The canister of anti-matter is hidden somewhere inside Vatican City, and if not returned to its battery pillar in Sweden by midnight, stands to destroy everything for a square half mile, engulfing the entire Vatican.<br/><br/> As if Langdon's love for the immense amounts of history that are at steak with the vaporization of Vatican City isn't enough to hold the reader in suspense, Dan Brown often uses blatant foreshadowing that keeps the reader turning the page eagerly. In conversation, "'One square yard of drag will slow a falling body almost twenty percent.' Langdon nodded blankly. He never suspected that later that night, in a country hundreds of miles away, the information would save his life." After reading this line I was unable to put down the book, with this quote in the back of my head this whole time.<br/><br/> However in addition to the suspenseful element that Brown uses to keep the reader guessing, the thoughts of Robert Langdon also keep the reader chuckling. His witty side comments let you know exactly how the main character thinks. After explaining, in a more than serious situation, that the genitals of all statues in the Pantheon were ordered to be removed he thinks to himself, "Langdon had often wondered if there was a huge crate of stone penises somewhere."<br/><br/> The reigning themes in Angels and Demons revolve around the question of faith. The entire book is a fight between science and religion, and believing in something that can't be seen. Shortly after Vittoria and Robert meet she asks him a question that fuels the remainder of the book, "Do you believe in God, Mr. Langdon?" The entire Christian community must ask themselves that again when the most prominent tangible representation of their beliefs are in jeopardy.
 I read the Da Vinci Code not knowing what to expect. I loved it. Couldn't wait to get my hands on a copy of the Angels and Demons. At first I wasn't impressed (first 20 pages or so), it started slow. After that I fell into the same trap as with the DVC. I couldn't put the book down! I had to take it everywhere, read at the dinner table, red lights, everywhere until I finished it. It's a completely different type of story from the DVC, there are no codes hidden in paintings, it's still extremely exciting. I even found myself interested in religion, the Vatican, it's past.. I couldn't possibly say whether I liked this or the Da Vinci Code better.
 Annotation:  "Angels &amp; Demons" is a suspenseful mystery regarding religion, morals, and instincts.  Robert Langdon, a world-renowned Harvard symbologist, is called out to a Swiss research facility to analyze a mysterious symbol seared into the chest of a murdered physicist, and finds himself stumbling upon evidence of a centuries old satanic brotherhood resurfacing. That brotherhood, the Illuminati, was the most powerful underground organization to ever exist, and they seemed to be coming forth yet again to carry out the final phase of their vendetta against the Catholic Church.  With word of a time bomb set to go off in Vatican City, and four of the most powerful men in the church missing, Robert Langdon joins forces with the beautiful Italian scientist Vittoria Vetra to solve this mystery before it's too late.<br/><br/>Author Bio:  Dan Brown is the author of several bestselling novels, including the number one New York Times bestseller, "The Da Vinci Code", one of the best selling novels of all time.  Earlier this year, all four of his novels were on the New York Times bestsellers list during the same week.  His novels have been translated into more than forty languages worldwide.  His favorite theme for novels is techno-thrillers, making your mind ponder things after you've finished reading. Dan's biggest novel, "The Da Vinci Code", is now being made into a movie by Columbia Pictures.  In an interview in May of 1998, Dan said when not writing novels, he can usually be found playing tennis or squash, or indulging in his passion for music composition.<br/><br/>Evaluation:  "Angels &amp; Demons" is a highly suspenseful mystery story regarding the age-old battle between science and religion.  It's very well written, and very difficult to put down once you begin reading.  For instance, before chapter one of the story even begins, you read of a murder happening during the prologue.  This was a great way to get me right into the story, without the usual getting to know the characters and understanding the plot of most novels.  This book has a lot of scientific language incorporated into it, but you're reading it through Robert Langdon's perspective, who also needs a little help and understanding with the vocabulary.  This makes following along with the story a piece of cake, and enjoyable as well.  Not only is the story fun to read, but it's a very well written mystery, always being tossed and turned in different directions, with the reader never really knowing what could happen next.  Aside from most mysteries, this particular one isn't just an act of terrorism to devastate its victim, generally a nation or race; it's to completely wipe out one of the strongest organized religions in history.  I would strongly suggest Dan Brown's "Angels &amp; Demons" to anyone who enjoys mystery novels, or has an interest in the debate between science and religion.
 This is the first Dan Brown novel I have read.  It was recommended I read this before reading The DaVinci Code.  Having been raised a catholic all my life, many aspects of this novel interested me.  I love adventure novels and this was a real page turner.  The author's style of writing bounces very smoothly from one aspect of the story to another.  The author gives you some information, but strings you along and makes you want to continue reading to find out just what will happen next.  It is a really neat mix of both science, religion and on the edge of your seat adventure.
 I can't believe I read the entire thing.  But with my time invested, I had to see how it ended.  The plot is so outlandish that suspension of belief is impossible.  Surely no one could take this book seriously.  But there are all of these stellar reviews...<br/><br/>Even if the book were a bit more plausible, there's the hackneyed writing to wade through -- hackneyed because Brown and his publisher spell out every last aspect to the story; nothing is subtle, nothing is left to the imagination.  Brown either does not trust the reader, or he is simply inept.  When one considers the single dimensional characters standing in for some of the sharpest persons on the globe, this reader cannot help assuming the latter.<br/><br/>What garbage.  Save yourself the trouble.
 Author Dan Brown has written a first-rate adventure story that keeps the reader turning the pages at break-neck speed.  The pace is frantic for nearly 600 pages as Brown mixes history, mystery, adventure and murder.  The plot is intriguing as Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon tries to decipher a set of complex clues as he rushes to meet a midnight deadline.  Brown has many critics, but if you're looking for an entertaining adventure story, Angels and Demons is difficult to beat.
 Dan Brown, author of both prequel Angels and Demons, along with The Da Vinci Code, can really find ways to capture your attention. This is by far one of the best books I have ever read.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, a symbologist, is suffered by a rude awakening, sighting on of the most dreadful pictures of a pysicist with a symbol Langdon had been studying for quite some time, Illuminati. Max Kohler, a crazy scientist at Conseil Européen pour la Racherche Nucléaire, tells Langdon he needs to go to an airport right next to Logan Airportat 5:30 in the morning. Rushing through Boston, Langdon finally arrives to a goofy looking craft that is almost like a space shuttle.<br/><br/>"Within an hours flight" pilot tells Langdon. Langdon thinks he will be traveling to Geneva New York, when really he's going to Geneva Switzerland. Amazing part is that the pilot told the truth of making it from Boston Mass to Switzerland in approximately sixty-four minutes. As he finally arrives to CERN, Langdon is astonished at the accomplishments CERN has completed. CERN is the largest research facility, and also creater of the World Wide Web. After this pleasant discussion Langdon finally gets to see the Illuminati victim. Langdon is astonished for he has discovered that the victim was not only a physcist, but a priest.<br/><br/>Personally, i along with probably 99.9% of the people that have read this book agree that the topic of Religon vs. Science is so interesting and Dan Brown executes it perfectly. i however have not read The Da Vinci Code but plan to, even though a good amount of people have read Angels and Demons second. The other part about this book, that inspires me the most is how accurate Dan Brown actually is, and all the research he put in. For example, CERN is the largest research facility in the world and also all references to the arts, tombs, tunnels, and architechture in Rome.
 This was one of the best books I have read in a long time.  I can not remember reading a book that was as exciting, original and intelligent as this one in a very long time.<br/>I highly recommend this book. It is a very fun read, and it makes you think. And the funnest part of all is that the book consistently surprises you all the way up to the end.<br/>Great well developed characters, original story, fast paced, intelligent and un put downable!<br/>Read this book, I promise you will love it.
 It's typical typical Dan Brown and it's a wicked wicked read. It has all the essential and subsidiary elements of a blockbuster thriller. It's intuitive,it's thrilling,it's engaging,it's romantic,it's fast,it's brilliantly composed,it's deceptive,it's puzzling.....and it's absolutely great. Dan Brown's "Angels and Demons" is another of those masterfully conceived work of literature galloping out of the closet of an author who has to be one of best mystery writers the world has ever known.<br/><br/>A genius scientist Leonardo vetra is gruesomely murdered in his laboratory at the Swiss scientist research facility CERN(Counsel Europeen pour la Recherche Nucleaire)---the world's largest---in Geneva and Harvard University's Religious Symbology professor Robert Langdon is summoned. He's reluctant and cynical yet curious and inquisitive and is bemused by a cryptic symbol scared into the chest of the murdered physicist. LAngdon is a firm believer in the extinction of the age-old anti-Church organisation,the "Illuminati" or the "Enlightened Ones",but when clues follow clues in depicting the stark and surreal reality that the defunct group is now in full swing,the Harvard art historian can only marvel and work on the riddles. But time is running out fast:the Illuminati have stolen a catastrophic weapon the antimatter invented by the Italian physicist Vetra and have planted the time bomb somewhere inside the Vatican City ready to explode within in twenty-four hours. And unfortunately it's the day when the world would be focusing its microscope on the vatican:a new Pope is to be elected.<br/><br/>Langdon joins forces with the adopted daughter of the deceased,the beautiful and highly sensitive Vittoria seething in vendetta for her father's death,and endeavouring to recover the deadly boon-turned-bane scientific product,embarks on a frantic and at times misleading hunt through sealed crypts,perilous catacombs,stranded churches.deserted cathedrals and ambiguous historical figures and figurines in Rome. The Illuminati "Hassassin" has kidnapped four cardinals---four major eligible candidates for the papal helm---and has threatened to kill them one by one on the stroke of an hour. And these aren't hollows words. The truth of evil is stolidly speading its deceitful dark shadow over the Church and over Faith.<br/><br/>If the reader reads "Angels and Demons" after reading "The Da Vinci Code",then he would feel it lacking that deeper sense of convincing rhythm that is the bottomline of the bestseller. But should he read it before reading "The Da Vinci Code",then he would find it a perfect prequel. Dan Brown systematically merges history with art and hands over historical secrets in a modrn day fashion. What makes the book a genuine masterpiece is the subtle manner in which the author has managed to illustrate the eternal war between science and religion. The reader is always kept wondering in delirious ecstasy how the author could blend science and religion to raise a nameless rare commodity. Dan Brown himself never lurges forward to take sides and remains on te borderline between the two apparent antithesis,a division he blurs frequently and successfully in the novel. Anti-Church fervour is mould into an ever more intriguing emotion in "The Da Vinci Code",Robert Langdon's second adventure.<br/><br/>That "Angels and Demons" is a massively enigmatic thriller is never cast into doubt and sly touches of comedy and suspicions of romance accentuate the versatality of the writer. BBC Reporter at the Vatican,Gunter Glick and his camerawoman Chinita Maouri lend some important comic reliefs into a fasriding chariot of adventure and the gradually developing attraction between Langdon and Vittoria culminates in the inevitable.<br/><br/>Just as the paradigm of the plot have been imagined by a humdrum mediocre writer,compatibly,the detailed description of the Vatican,Passatto and other ares couldn't have been the work of a classy and uninformed pen. through "Angels and Demons",Dan Brown both educates and trills the reader and takes him on a joyride of fun and interest. The secret vaults of history are opened and till the tome on the right-hand side of the book has diminished to the last page,the reader is kept on tenterhooks as riddles stacked upon secrets chase him till the end.
 ...but come on Dan. Work with me here.<br/><br/>OK. I read The DaVinci Code first.  Loved it. Wanted another one like it.  Well......this one sticks to the exact same formula as the DaVinci Code, true, but for me, it was way over the top.  Utterly implausible to the point of being laughable.  I actually caught myself snickering and rolling my eyes to myself as I was reading the book.  In a post-9/11 world we dont just hop on planes and cross borders (and oceans in fact) without our passports/visas etc, etc, etc.  But that it only in the first few chapters.  It just gets more preposterous as we move along.  I love Rome and had visited some of the churches where the goings-on take place so I enjoyed revisiting them (I hear they are making this into a movie...it will be visually appealing if nothing else). And this silly little story kept my attention, in spite of myself. But at the end of the day, it really is a silly story. I suppose if you are looking for something in the same genre as The DaVinci Code, you will enjoy this, as did I. But I really wonder about those who feel this is a superior "work" to the DaVinci Code.
 This author redefines "formula" writing.  Angels and Demons is essentially The Da Vinci Code with the same wafer thin characters in a different setting and slightly different plot.<br/>Great setup, just as with Da Vinci Code - this one involving a secret organization and corruption in the Vatican. But much of the action is so silly it takes away from the potential drama.  Langdon's escapes are just too lame.  The final one is so ridiculous I wanted to throw the book across the room.  Yes, it's a novel, but it's distracting and less enjoyable to me when things get that unbelievable.<br/>However, this is certainly a page turner.  If you like your novels light and cheesy, it's a fun and quick read.
 My extreme love of The Da Vinci Code led me to purchase this follow up novel by Dan Brown.  I expected it to flow in the same style as the first one, but never expected it to live up to its predecessor.  Imagine my surprise when it not only achieved The Da Vinci Code's quality, but surpassed it altogether.  The story was enthralling, the references to art and history were frighteningly accurate, the characters possessed unforgettable traits, and the action never stopped.  These traits alone boosted it to a five-star rating, which it would have kept had it not been for a couple of drawbacks.<br/><br/>For one, the first hundred pages lacked the intensity that turns pages.  It's not as if Dan wasn't trying, but more like he went on longer than he needed to; he jump starts on the very first page, but runs out of fuel after ten.  If you have the discipline to get over that hill, though, it's a roller coaster ride until last page.<br/><br/>The thrill of the story may be continuous, but it takes a dreadful turn towards the conclusion.  The author presents a twist that is both remarkable and unforeseeable, but unsatisfying overall.  That ruined the experience for me.<br/><br/>On a plot basis, Angels and Demons follows Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon through his first adventure, often referenced in The Da Vinci Code.  In the middle of the night, he is awakened by a mysterious phone call concerning an ancient brotherhood known as the Illuminati, and the gruesome murder of a particle physicist.  He is then tossed into an epic adventure, traveling from Boston to Switzerland to the Vatican, steadily revealing a conspiracy which could ultimately destroy the Catholic Church.  Filled with suspense, mystery and unforgettable characters, I'm positive you'll fall head over heels in love with this book.  Just remember, it's always the one you least expect.
 OK, first off, the science is...bad.  Really bad in a lot of places.  I have to assume a lot of the art history is too.  I figure if I can catch the problems after just one scan through, it is probably a plot hole.<br/><br/>That said, this is one heck of a good ride!  I really do like the story, and the voice actor is really pulling out the stops.  This is one of the best Books on CD I've ever purchased.  The pacing is great, the scene changes are well timed, and Brown sprinkles in just enough "oh by the way..." to drive you wild.  I can't wait for the next section.  Many times I've caught myself just sitting in the driveway listening to the next chapter.  And then the next.  Very addictive.  You just have to know how they're gonna get out of this one...<br/><br/>If you like your Science Fiction full of Science, you won't like this.  If you want Historical accuracy to your Travelogue, move along.  But if you just want some popcorn and hard boiled pulp fiction, "24" meets Tom Clancy meets Eco, then switch off the microanalyzer, jump in and hang on.
 Robert Langdon has been called in to Switzerland to help investigate a murder that points to the Illuminati, an organization thought to have been dead for centuries.  Langdon's investigation ends up taking him all the way to Vatican City in search of a deadly container of antimatter and four missing cardinals in line to be Pope.<br/><br/>Whew!  This was quite a ride!  I didn't sleep much at all over a four day period.  I imagine if I didn't work, I would have read non-stop around the clock.  This book is very well written and wonderfully researched.  I enjoyed it much more than The Da Vinci Code.  Say what you want about Brown, but he sure knows how to grab my attention and keep it.
 Let me premise this by saying that I mildly enjoyed reading this book because I took it for what it was: a pretty shallow movie script, with half-assed research backing it.<br/><br/>If you know anything about the city of Rome, or the Italian and Latin languages, you will be annoyed by all the mistakes the book makes with spelling, and even locations.  One landmark that is pretty crucial to the story is not really where the author says it is.  Another is not as tall as the author states, etc.  And let's not even touch the "plane" that the characters use to travel (it's a description of Lockheed Martin's cancelled X-33/Venture Star project, which was for a spacecraft, not a plane), nor the awful science behind the antimatter.<br/><br/>The good thing about it is that its obviously razor-thin plot, bogus geography, badly researched language and theology, should not prove as controversial as the Da Vinci Code (which did not even deserve all the controversy it received), and hopefully people will enjoy this, and perhaps its more famous sequel, for what they are: beach-reading fictional novels with the theological relevance of any Indiana Jones movie.
 I'm a late comer to the world of Dan Brown, however, since he has three major books at the top of the charts I've been catching up like many others with his work.<br/>I wish I had read this book BEFORE I read DaVinci Code since the main character of that great book is also in this work.<br/>So if you're thinking of reading DaVinci Code start with this FIRST.<br/>If you read DaVinci Code first, you'll enjoy reading it anyway.<br/>Dan Brown a new force in the world of literature.<br/>I can't wait for his next tome.
 Quick, before he finishes his next book somebody tell Dan Brown that his "unpredictable"  endings have become too predictable!  The First Brown book I read was The Da Vinci Code. I can honestly say that despite the controversy surrounding the inaccuracy of some information, I really enjoyed it and the ending came as a complete surprise to  me.  However, when I finished deception point I thought to myself "there is beginning to be a pattern here".  Now I am reading Angels and Demons and I was able to pick out the perpetrator as soon as he was introduced to the story.  After a few more chapters, I had also uncovered his motive.  In fact, I skipped ahead just to make absolutely certain I was right and disappointingly I was.  Now that I know all I have to look foreword to when reading a Dan Brown novel is to solve the mystery by assigning blame to the least likely character in the book early on, I'm not sure I want to read any more.  I think a good surprise ending is one that keeps a reader guessing at least 3/4 of the way through the book.  I'll probably give Brown's next novel a chance but, if the ending to that book is as much of a non-surprize as the last two, I might forgo reading any more.  On the other hand, if you have never read a Dan Brown novel, go ahead and start with this one as the ending will probably be a surprise to you.  Then, just for the experience read the Da Vinci Code too. Please (art historians everywhere are begging you) don't believe everything you read about the artists in either book.  Remember the books are FICTION.  As far as I'm concerned you should disregard Deception Point and stick to Brown's Robert Langdon centered novels.
 "Angels and Demons" is a great read, fast paced, smart and controversial.<br/>Compared with "The Divinchi Code" readers will notice formulaic similarities.<br/>Never the less, history, secret societies, monolithic religion, science and murder are ingredients for an explosive story.<br/>Duality is the running thematic thread in the story as expressed in the title and the mysterious antagonist, code named Janus.<br/>Dan Brown's books read like movie scripts and as it happens the film version of "A &amp; D" directed by Ron Howard is in the can and most likely will to be released to coincide with the CERN Hadron Super Collider test scheduled for the spring of 2009.  It should prove to be a big bang if it's not sucked into a massive black hole.<br/>Read and enjoy.
 This is the first Dan Brown tome that I have read, though I have a copy of &lt;em&gt;Digital Fortress&lt;/em&gt;. I will probably read that and &lt;em&gt;The DaVinci Code&lt;/em&gt;, simply because they will not take very much time out of my life and I feel that I should give the author another couple of chances, but I have to say that this &lt;em&gt;DaVinci Code&lt;/em&gt; "prequel" is one of the worst books I have ever read.<br/><br/>Dan Brown had access to the Vatican and to CERN for this book and entirely wasted his chances. The book is badly researched and contains many factual errors. An example of his lack of scholarship is his miscalling the Arabic language "Islam" early on. Another example is when his protagonist is in a dark mazelike area and thinks of Daedalus escaping from the Labyrinth. Of course he was thinking of Theseus; Daedalus was the builder of the Labyrinth, not the hero associated with it. Errors like this abound.<br/><br/>But that's not the only problem. The plot itself is terrible and contrived, filled with &lt;em&gt;dei ex machina&lt;/em&gt; and superfluous use of foreshadowing. He refers several times to the "subtle genius" of the "satanic" cult of the Illuminati, but the only "subtle genius" in this book is the punchline to the whodunit mystery. Sadly, I suspect that Brown was not even aware he was making a pun.<br/><br/>The inclusion of a "brilliant" female scientist in the novel is pure windowdressing; naturally she gets captured by the baddie and has to be rescued by the protagonist, who of course ends up "getting the girl" despite the fact that he is written to be entirely unattractive to the opposite sex. Oh, and the baddie himself will raise the ire of anyone sympathetic to Islam or Semitic culture; he is a mere caricature, and his involvement in the plot is never really explained, other than to say he is a "hassassin" (the original form of the word &lt;em&gt;assassin&lt;/em&gt;, which is predictably incorrectly etymologized by Brown).<br/><br/>These are only some of the problems and issues with this book. It's a pity; it could have been so good, given a treatment by an author who knew his craft.
 Angels and Demons has the distinction of being the single worst book I have ever read. The only reason I picked it up is because I was spending a few days on a postage stamp-sized island in Indonesia where Angels and Demons was the only English-language reading material available.<br/><br/>The prose is often so hackneyed that I would literally put the book down into my lap and stare into the distance, mouth agape. A Vatican underling gives a trite televised speech about the inability of science to meet our need for faith, and as he kneels to the ground, Brown tells us, "a stunned world  kneels] with him." Ugh. The novel ends with our protagonist preparing to have a roll in the hay with his yoga-enthusiast-scientist female companion, and the last line provides an intimation of how outta-sight the boning's gonna be. "You've never been to bed with a yoga master, have you?" the babe asks him. Man, I feel stupider for having read that.<br/><br/>As other reviewers have noted, the characters are cardboard, the plot is preposterous, the dialogue fit for bad TV. All that said, I found the book a page-turner. I loved hating this novel. Loved it. I wanted to continue just to see how Brown would top himself. He didn't disappoint. The book has so many absurd cliches, it almost feels like a joke. I recommend it to smart people who want to see just how bad writing can be. If there were an MST3K for books, Angels and Demons would make it on in a heartbeat.
 My kid loved it.
 This book, despite what many of my fellow reviewers have stated, is very well written.  Dan Brown is a fantastic writer: he made me feel like a complete fool for doubting anything that he said.  However, I did doubt, and after reading the book, I researched some of the statements that Dan Brown expects us to simply sit back and accept.  It took me less then an hour to discover the truth.  Big surprise: it's not in Angels and Demons.<br/><br/>There is no Illuminati.  The word 'illuminati' was originally given to the body of early Christians who took part in the ritual of water baptism.  It does indeed mean 'illuminated,' as Mr. Brown stated, but a grade school student could have figured that out.  Latin is, after all, the birthplace for much of the modern romance languages.  That being said, the illuminati have absolutely no affiliation with the freemasons, as Mr. Brown states.  However, the Steve Jackson game that Mr. Brown spoke briefly of is an actual game.  The Illuminati is basically  'scape goat' for conspiracy nuts to blame stuff on, which can be fun, but it doesn't make them any more real.<br/><br/>CERN, the scientific community that Mr. Brown references in this book, does exist.  They have been testing/researching anti-matter, as stated on Mr. Brown's "fact" page at the beginning of the book, but they state that anti-matter will NEVER BE USED as an energy source, as it is too unstable.<br/><br/>Now let's get into the plot.  *WARNING* SPOILERS AHEAD<br/><br/>+There are many flaws in the descrption of Rome and the Vaticine.  It's often good to actually visit a place before you write about it.  I doubt that Mr. Brown did.<br/><br/>+Where in the Bible does it state that Jesus was born in March?  And if Christians wanted to do away with the winter solstice by placing Christmas in December, then why isn't Christmas recognized during the time of winter solstice?  We actually have records of a vast astronomical event that occured during the time of modern-day December (ie: the Bethlehem star) around the year 3 BC, so... yeah, check the facts.<br/><br/>+If Kohler and Rocher already knew that the camerlengo had stolen the canister of anti-matter in order to play the hero and blame the illuminati, why weren't they searching the areas that the camerlengo alone would have had access to?  Why had Rocher ordered the Swiss Guard to only search the areas of 'public access?' And speaking of the canister...<br/><br/>+If this drop of anti-matter was as powerful as we're lead to believe it was, why would you put the magnets holding it place in a canister that needed to be re-charged every day?  I mean, this is supposed to be CERN, the strongest science commune in the world, the inventors of the internet.  I'd bet, if they looked hard enough, they could have found a magnetic canister that lasted longer then 24-hours.<br/><br/>+Why the rommance between Langdon and Ventri?  There honestly was no need for that.<br/><br/>+Why explore the sexua.l tendancys of the "hassassin?"  How did that help the plot?<br/><br/>I could go on for hours about the flaws in Christian theology, symbolism, or mythological associations, but I'm not going to.  All in all, this was a fun book and I don't regret reading it.  Just remember that it's fiction, and don't take anything in this book as fact, and you should enjoy reading it.  Dan Brown may be full of crap, but his crap doesn't stink.<br/><br/>Oh, and I'm not religious, so this isn't a 'rant' to defend religion or anything of that sort.  Religion and rational science have indeed been enemies for a long time, as Mr. Brown stated.  However, God and science are not.
 WOW.  I am so impressed and amazed at how well Brown can keep a reader on the edge of their seat from the first page to the last! I love the main character, Robert Langdon, and his brilliant mind.<br/><br/>Brown definitely has a talent for weaving fact and fiction very tightly together throughout his books.  Though there were some elements that I did not agree with with, or that did not fit my own beliefs, I could not  pull myself away from the frantic, fast-paced excitement and intrigue of Angels and Demons.  I was blown away by the tragic and surprising twist at the end.  It was a great book that was worth every word!!!
 Angels and Demons, written by Dan Brown, is an exciting book filled with mystery and murder. Each word you read will just give you a reason not to put this book down it is a fast-paced story that will keep your eyes glued to the pages. . Angels and Demons are full of scenic settings such as the Vatican in Rome. Dan brown masterfully describes environments so realistically it is amazing.<br/><br/> The book starts off with a man named Robert Langdon who finds himself called upon to investigate a murder case. The murdered victim was a physicist at an organization called CERN. The man was working on an invention that would put the relationship between science and religion at peace. An invention that could also destroy the Vatican.  What Langdon also discovers is that a powerful murderer part of an underground organization centuries old, the Illuminati, has caused this fiasco. Langdon then embarks on a dangerous hunt along with the captivating Vittoria Vetra to save the Vatican from a devastating time bomb.<br/><br/> The book really kept me up late at night reading. So well written, I felt as if I were part of the story and experienced fear and other emotions as the characters faced death at almost every corner. The book is so intriguing and fast paced I couldn't tear my eyes away. I was able to learn so many things about history in one book than I would in a whole text book.<br/><br/> Angels and Demons is a must read book. With high intellect but well explained enough in which anybody can understand. After reading Angels and Demons, Dan Brown is one my favorite authors. Dan Brown ingeniously creates a fictitious story combined with real history into one book. If all text books were all written like this than there would be more educated men and women in today's generation than ever.
 "More Dan Brown!," I had thought excitedly. "What's he going to serve up next?" Little did I know that my little teenage mind would be sorely disappointed, and disgusted. By the end, my thoughts had turned to "Bring me a gag, I'm going to scream. Or better, a bucket. I just may vomit."<br/><br/>What makes Dan Brown's work different form any ten-cent crime trash-thriller? It has controversy, and it has puzzles. Without those, I can bet that he would not have gotten published, and if he did, he would not have any popularity whatsoever.<br/><br/>Even as a young reader and writer who has not exactly delved into the world of ten-cent crime trash-thrillers, this played out to whatever I had imagined the said genre to be. In both books, there was Robert Langdon, the distinguished-gray. Then there was the attractive and intelligent love-interest (there were actually two different ones). Then there was the evil and misguided character. Then there was the kindly mentor/betrayer. Then there was the interfering police. The list of clichés went on and on, and mind you, I have not even read anything in the genre, which should tell you a lot. I would not be surprised if Dan Brown did not have a formula for writing such books in some secret safe somewhere. I was so disgusted that I wrote a parody. You may check out my work on Fanfiction.net, under this penname.<br/><br/>Ahem. Enough with self-plugging.<br/><br/>However, what made this book entertaining was the fact that my mind could explore and play with the puzzles and the anagrams. However, this had more suspense and action and less puzzlers than the Da Vinci Code. It was not as stimulating; it was in fact a guilty pleasure...pleasure in the loosest sense of the word.<br/><br/>Dan Brown may be an intelligent man, but he is a bad writer. The fact that he ends what might have been a passably-intelligent book with a sex scene (yes, a sex scene) says a lot.
 It all starts out in the United States at Langdon's home (protagonist), but you are swept across the world to Rome and the Vatican City in a journey that you will never forget. Langdon is a professor at Havard University, and extremely knowlegable about sybomlogy and an ancient group called the Illuminati. I was surprised by the knowledge of Dan Brown and his outstanding ability to link fiction to reality (although some of his information is inaccurate, I believe it adds to the plot).<br/><br/>In the beginning of the story you learn about a top world research facility, CERN, that has produced antimatter. Antimatter could be dangerous substance but its original intent was to connect religion and science, and to prove that a "god" could have created the world. But a top scientist has been killed and branded by the Illumanati (a mysterious cult that is "against" the Catholic Church). The anitmatter is stolen, and Langdon is contacted to solve the mystery.<br/><br/>After a while you learn that the antimatter is going to be used as a weapon to destroy the Catholic Church. Then you learn of the Hassin who has captured 3 of the top Cardinals right before the secret Conclave (the Pope recently died/murdered, read the book to find out how). He wants nothing but to expose the Church.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon sets out on a remarkable journey along with the scientist's daughter who was murdered to solve the mystery and save the Church from itself.<br/><br/>To find out what happens to the antimatter and who is behind it, READ THE BOOK! You will discover many things about the Church and how it operates. This is one of the best books I have ever read, you will not be able to put it down.
 The story was interesting enought for me to finish the entire book. However, I found a peculiar mistake that kind of surprised me.<br/><br/>In a few instances when the characters tried make calls from their cell phone, they could not get a dial tone because there was no signal (either underground or busy network).<br/><br/>Here are the references which I managed to pull out by doing a search in the book on Amazon.com for "dial tone":<br/><br/>1. on Page 95:<br/><br/>"... me." Kohler did not move. An instant later, Vittoria realized why. This far underground , her cell phone had no dial tone. Fuming, she headed for the elevator. T he Hassassin stood at the end of the stone tunnel. His torch still ..."<br/><br/>2. on Page 97:<br/><br/>"... opened, Kohler was still talking. Vittoria stepped out of the elevator, pulled out her phone, and tried again. Still no dial tone. Damn! She headed for the door. ..."<br/><br/>3. on Page 116:<br/><br/>"... pocket of her shorts. Vittoria removed an ultrathin cell phone. The guard took it, clicked it on, waited for a dial tone, and then, apparently satisfied that it was indeed nothing more than a phone, returned it to her. Vittoria slid it ..."<br/><br/>4. on Page 428:<br/><br/>"... "I need your phone." Langdon was frenzied. The man shrugged. "No dial tone. Been trying all night. Circuits are packed." Langdon swore aloud. "Have you seen anyone go in there?" He pointed to ..."<br/><br/>Since when do we need to get a dial tone on cell phones before we can dial? I don't think there is even such a thing as dial tone for digital cell phones. You just check if you have network connection from the display screen right?
 I was waiting in Newark Airport for a flight home and didn't have anything to read, so I wandered over to a little newsstand that sold books.  I had heard of the Da Vinci book, but had never gotten around to reading it and this one sounded interesting.<br/><br/>Man, am I glad that I picked it up.  I was hooked from the first page!<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is the perfect example of my favorite kind of literary heroes: he's smart, clever, and witty, yet still human enough to make mistakes and fear what can, will, might, and should happen.  I enjoyed the fast-paced plot and was almost fooled by who the true villian was.  Even when he was revealed, I could completely understand why he would do what he did.  There is nothing more implacable then a man or woman driven by his/her ideals and absolute certainity of his/her right.  It is the mark of a good writer who can make you sympathize with the bad guy even as you howl for his blood.<br/><br/>I also enjoyed the little romance angle between Robert and Vittoria.  It kind of reminded me of James Bond and his legion of women, though this of course was more realistic.<br/><br/>The reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of a few errors and misrepresentations that I couldn't overlook easily.  I basically had to ignore those details to be able to suspend my disbelief enough.  I won't mention those details as I will leave it up to you, dear reader, to find those mistakes on your own.
 I really wanted to give this book a chance.  But, over and over, I would just get into it and then Brown would make a stupid mistake.  Causing me to become frustrated and a bit offended by his lack of respect for his readers intelligence. I am not Catholic but I do know a great deal about the inner workings of the Catholic Church. After reading this I can now see why the church is so angry with him.  He simply has things wrong.  Most of the "facts" he states about papal succession are wrong. As well as several of the things the former pope was supposed to have said and done no pope would ever say or do.  If he had he would never have been elected pope. I am also not foreign to scientific understanding and, there as well, are some very basic mistakes.  The reviewer before me has pointed out language mistranslations so I feel that I can safely say that Dan Brown should heed the advice of Mark Twain, "It is wiser to find out than to suppose."
 I like this book, it brought complex scientific ideas to the public without overwhelming anyone with too much information.  The idea of proving God's creation of the world using physics was interesting and gave way to several different avenues of discussion.<br/>It gave an interesting account of how people since history began have been searching for something higher than themselves but at the same time always qualifying proof as something that we can understand.  It's an interesting paradox that in a search for something greater than ourselves people tend to dismiss what their minds can't grasp.  It's as if the idea that God can move in ways that human beings can't comprehend is unacceptable.  I personally much prefer a God that knows more than I do.  Dan Brown presents this conflict and allows the reader to consider both complex arguements.<br/>I would have given this book a five if not for the final sentences of the book, I felt the ending was trashy and seemed out of place.<br/>Overall a good book that holds your attention.
 Dan Brown scores again with his novel "ANGELS AND DEMONS. The Book starring Robert Langdon (the character in THE DA VINCI CODE) discusses the everlasting struggle between Science and Religon, and even suggests a direct connection between the two extremes of the spectrum. The book begins with the murder of world renowed scientist Leonardo Vetra. The director of the facility that Vetra worked in calls in Langdon to decrypt the mysterious message branded into Vetra's chest by the killer. The brand leads Langdon to believe a bomb has been placed in the Vatican set to explode during the papal elections as to murder all the cardinals. Langdon and Vittiora Vetra (leonardo's daughter)  embark on a quest along an anchient path to save the cardinals and the catholic relgion from damnation by a force as old as religon itself. Together they follow the path through catacombs, forgotten churches and secret lairs of the Brotherhood of the illuminati cult.<br/>The characters have depth as well as the plot. ANGELS AND DEMONS follows along the same token as THE DA VINCI CODE and is a very fast paced, exciting, thriller not to missed by anyone, religous or not.<br/>1.All  referances to works of art, tombs, tunnels, and architechture in Rome is factual.<br/>2. The Brotherhood of the illuminati is also factual.<br/>3. Other Books by Dan Brown include THE DA VINCI CODE, DECEPTION POINT, AND DIGITAL FORTRESS.
 Once again we meet with Harvard symbol gist Robert Langdon in Angles and Demons written by the famous Dan Brown of The Da Vinci Code. Mr. Brown takes us to the Swiss Conseil Europe`en pour la Recherché Nucl`eaire where a murder has taken place and a canister Antimatter is stolen, there is an assumption of an ancient brotherhood called the Illuminati could be on the up rise. It is up to Robert Langdon and his female companion Vittoria Vetra to save the Vatican from destruction and save the lives of four kidnapped cardinals as well.<br/>It was so hard to put this book down. Dan Brown has you hanging on by the edge of your seat with all of the events that keep on popping up at the turn of every page. It is interesting how Mr. Brown mixes the worlds of religion and science together in a book. The book relates to how the Catholic Church was against Galileo's theory of how the earth rotates around the sun and they didn't want to have people disregard the church.<br/>If there is a book that you really want to read, I strongly recommend reading Angels and Demons. It starts off like The Da Vinci Code, but once you get into it you will be engulfed by the events that come along. I enjoyed this book so much that I am going to read it again, because it was good that I forgot most of the events that happen. I hope that this has been helpful and that when you read it that you enjoy it more than I did when I read it.
 By now, you probably heard of Dan Brown's other book, "The DaVinci Code", the one he was famous for; this book "Angels and Demons" was written before the "The DaVinci Code." If you haven't read, "The DaVinci Code" or "Angels and Demons", I would recommend reading the "DaVinci Code" first. The reason for that is the main character in the book, Robert Langdon, was a little more believable in the "DaVinci Code." For example, there was a scene in "Angels and Demons" involving a helicopter that Langdon managed to get out of, that was a little unrealistic. Also the ending was a little disappointing. Up until the end, the book was a real page turner!
 First let me say that I have not yet finished reading this book but I am finding it absolutely hard to put down.  I grew up in Rome and am familiar with many of the sites described but as an Italian I wish Mr. Brown had taken the pains to have a native speaker do the translating into Italian of a number of expressions.  I realize that this is a minor detail but it takes a bit away from the book, at least for those of us who speak the particular foreign language used.<br/><br/>Saluti a tutti, Francesco
 I find it interesting that so many people got sucked in by this book.  I guess that the willingness of readers to accept what this author wrote as gospel simply reflects the poor state of our world today.<br/>I won't list research and factual mistakes that this author made, since other reviewers, more qualified than myself, already did this.  What I want to talk about is the writing itself.  Am I the only one who thought that reading this book was like watching a very, very long movie? With every change of narrative I could almost hear the director yell "CUT!  Alright people, good work.  Now lets set up for the next shot! Make-up!!!"  Then you turn to the next chapter and what do you hear but "...aaaaand ACTION!"  The author, most assuredly was seeing a big movie deal while writing this book, since it reads almost like a script.  I was only waiting for "and cue the evil Illuminati dude, stage left.  Lights!"  This type of thing was very distracting, not to mention annoying as hell.<br/>And the plot?  Oh my, it's got everything.  Really, it does; just close your eyes, think of something, anything and boom, it's there.  All except believable characters, plausible events (hint, like at the end) and time continuum! I mean, are we in current time mode here or 30 years in the future (i.e. Mach 15 plane, anybody???)<br/>Lastly, I am just a bit sick and tired of people taking crack-shots at the Roman Catholic Church.  Why can't they find some other religious organisation to pick on for once.  That would be a novel idea indeed!
 Like many others, I read Angels &amp; Demons after thoroughly enjoying The DaVinci Code.<br/>While I enjoyed Angels &amp; Demons, it was a little predictable after having read The DaVicni Code. It's basically the same structure--starts out with a murder, Langdon hooks up with a family member of dead person, they set out to find out what happened.<br/>If you really liked The DaVinci Code, you'll probably enjoy this book...it's a fast read anyway, so you won't be spending weeks reading it or anything. It's just not as good as The DaVinci Code, and it is difficult to separate the two and judge this one as a completely different book without taking both into consideration.
 This book was an excellent read; suspenseful and intelligent. The story itself was over the top, but somehow Brown manages to maintain the readers suspension of disbelief.<br/>I have no doubt that a great deal of his success stems from the exhaustive research that he put into the book. He deals with little known information about CERN (Conseil Europeen pour la Recherche Nucleaire), anti-matter, the Vatican and the Illuminati without dropping the ball. Aside from actual plot, this novel is a fascinating read because of all the intriguing factual information you are given through the narrative.<br/>Brown also manages to keep you guessing. Though I figured out certain elements long before they were revealed, there were still surprises waiting for me at the end.<br/>I highly recommend this one and I will no doubt be picking up his new release, The Da Vinci Code, in the future.
 It really was hard to determine if I actually liked the book or not.  I enjoy reading Dan Brown, I personally believe he is an excellent author, who has mastered the ability to grasp a reader and not let them go, as he did me with this writing.<br/><br/>Though plagued with scientifically preposterous notions, far-fetched adrenaline fueled scenarios which leave you asking "how" more often than not, and one-dimensional characters; I couldn't put the book down.<br/><br/>Through the twists and turns, starting out at CERT, ending miles above the Vatican, Robert, Vittoria, and the host of other characters all have a way of locking you in to their individual roles and personal turmoil.<br/><br/>Again, though it is far fetched, and leaves you scratching your head, I would recommend taking the time to read through and not let anyone else's opinion matter.  After all, it is entertainment, and since when has reality been that big of a factor in entertainment?
 Slightly over the top but fun.  Maybe a little food for thought. Good last read of the summer. Gone too soon
 The premise of this book is intriguing, and I have to admit Dan Brown tells a good story that keeps you reading.  At first I was more than willing to go with the flow of the book.  I don't know much about physics, so I could accept the initial premise for the sake of a good story. The trail of clues was fun.  But page after page of descriptions of fighting between Langdon and assorted bad guys became tedious. Was he writing a novel or a screenplay for a B action movie?  I was also willing to suspend logic to believe that Langdon could escape multiple near-death experiences within the space of a few hours, all for the sake of a fun read.  But the helicopter survival?  PLEASE - GIVE ME A BREAK!!!!!! Talk about ignoring the laws of physics - even I know his escape made NO SENSE whatsoever. There are so many twists with the characters that I felt manipulated, not entertained. All in all, the ending of this book totally ruins what could have been an exciting, if not very literary, read.
 I've been a member of the Vatican Press Corps since 1962, when I started covering Rome for Time magazine. I covered two papal elections (in 1963 for Time, and in 2005, for Newsweek), so I looked forward to Dan Brown's "Angels and Demons" with some anticipation, hoping to learn how to novelize a piece of reality that I was intimately familiar with. Mr. Brown showed me how NOT to do that. To create a plausible plot around the death of a pope and the election of a new one, I'd think an author might at least try to stick to the facts. After counting 500 fact-errors in "Angels and Demons," I stopped counting. Now I can't help wondering about the book's extraordinary popularity. I am the author of "A Church in Search of Itself" -- which was about the election of Benedict XVI and its implications for the future of Catholicism. In the late fall of 2007, I am publishing a piece of "reality fiction" called "Cardinal Mahony." I call it "reality fiction" because I used the real names of 79 characters in the book, including Cardinal Mahony's. It's a tale set in the future, but when I deal with recent past history, I stick to the documentable facts. I hope readers familiar with the facts of the recent sex-abuse-scandal in the Church will appreciate this.
 Right now Dan Brown is the hottest thing since bread came sliced, but I must admit I was disappointed with Angels &amp; Demons.  It's not terrible, but it's not great either in my opinion.  I felt torn because he can really weave a plot and I couldn't put it down, but I felt like if I could imagine a crazy plot twist he'd do it and if there were a thriller/mystery cliche he'd use it (there aren't many characters who are who they appear to be).  Not only that, but I can only take the suspension of disbelief so far with a book based in the "real" world.  Many times I rolled my eyes at the dialogue and the way people reacted to situations.  I would say this is a nonChristian version of a Left Behind book, and that's not really a compliment.  Both this book and that series have a way of sucking you in, but the characters and dialogue are so bad you consider setting it down for good.  After reading this book I've decided I probably won't waste my time with any other of Brown's books.<br/>It was an easy-read, but it lacked realism and much real depth I thought.  If you need a no-brainer book for vacation, go with this one.  It'll keep you entertained at least, partly from the relatively fast-paced plot, partly from rolling your eyes at how bad some of it is.  Don't buy it though, this type of book is what libraries are for, as you'll never reread it.
 I knnow thats not really a good word to describe a book, but it really was awesome. I read this one before DaVinci Code and Im soo happy I did. This book was great, I couldnt be more happy with myself that I read it finally after all my friends made me.<br/>Great story, great read.... If you are worried about it, go borrow it from your local library and read the whole thing, once you are done, you might just find yourself buying it to read it over and over again in the future !!!
 I am a first-time Dan Brown reader, and I am a total fan!  After self-inflicting a period of reading nothing(due to too much required school reading,) I have finally found an author I love!  This book was riveting from beginning to end.  I have always loved a good mystery/thriller, and Dan Brown delivers this!  His protagonists are intelligent and three dimensional, and his plot is absolutely captivating.  I picked up the book to read one chapter, and ended up reading half the book!  Mr. Brown picked the Illuminati, a legendary group of men, as the central theme of the book.  Along the way, you even learn some fascinating facts about the Vatican, art, and literature of the period.  The story was very engaging and I have to admit I can't wait to read the Da Vinci Code!
 The movie for Angels and Demons was coming out, so I decided that it would be better to read this book before watching the movie, and I am glad that I did. Dan Brown masterfully fused the mysteries of science and religion into a puzzle for the protagonist Robert Langdon. The book will set you off on a thrill ride from start to finish and will leave you wanting more. Brown lures the reader by weaving fiendishly contorted plans, life-threatening catastrophes, torture, and murder all into the same plot. The ambigrams were a fascinating aspect of the book, having words that could be read right side up and upside down, especially words that do not appear to be able to be made into such a format. For example, an ambigram for "illuminati" seems more doable then an ambigram for "Earth Air Fire Water", yet the typographer, John Langdon, was able to create ambigrams for both words/sets of words, and even made one for the title of the book. The only downside to this book was how everything had to be remembered to understand the ending. Because of this, the book is best understood if read in as few sittings as possible, especially if you have very bad memory. I would recommend this book to people who have the time to get through it quickly and thoroughly.
 Hi, now I'm sure most of you have heard of Dan Brown's book the Da Vinci Code. If so you will love this book. Its a great action book that has a good mix of intensity and even a little romance. This book is of course the one and only Angels and Demons. This is a great book that ties in religion and science but not to much to offend the other. This is a book about a young man named Robert Langdon, Robert Langdon is a expert of religious symbols and is called up by a strange man. This strange man is the head of a successful science facility called CERN. CERN has been concerned with a number of attacks made only be the mysterious Illuminati. They must join forces to track down and stop the Illuminati and enter one of the most secretive locations on Earth, The Illuminati Lair.
 This book is like a man who gets on his horse and rides off in all directions.  I kept looking for the central problem and found it--or rather them--everywhere.  Dead popes, about-to-explode antimatter, secret societies, beautiful female scientists, assassins, and more escapes from death than I've seen since I went to the Saturday kids' serials.<br/><br/>The writing is atrocious; Brown uses the protagonist's name about seven times in each paragraph, even when he's the only person in the scene, and his many, may errors glare: for instance, he calls the Serenity Prayer by Reinhold Niebuhr "the prayer of St. Francis" (and quotes the serenity prayer incorrectly).  He describes Bernini's *Ecstasy of St. Teresa* as St. Teresa's being "on her back"; but in the sculpture she is kneeling upright as the angel stabs her heart with his spear.<br/>But I kept readiing to the end, maybe because it's hard to jump off a galloping horse.  I loved the science at the beginning, enjoyed some of the improbable action, and wondered if Brown wrote the last twenty-or-so pages, since they didn't sound like his style.  What astounded me most wasn't the twist ending, the resurrection of the Illuminati, the ambigrams or the revelations about previous popes' deaths: it was his acknowledgment page in which he thanks editors at his publishing company.  Editors?  Surely anyone who edited this book would have caught the errors.
 This is the best book that I've read to date! And in reading several of reviews of this book by many other readers I have to firmly agree with the masses, this book is a non-stop thrill ride from start to finish. I was absolutely thrilled with the fact that this incredible story is taking place in the time-line of 24 hours. In making the story travel at such a frantic pace it keeps you glued to the edge of your seat in anticipation of each and every page. I am a very big fan of the FOX series "24" (the story of a government agent's frantic search for his kidnapped family, while trying to save the life of a political candidate slated for assasination - played out in real time of just 24 hours), but I actually think reading at this pace is much more exciting and feverish.The story is well told and it will keep you guessing to the very end, and speaking of the ending - WOW!! What a ride!I was just a little familiar with the group known as the Illuminati, but not like this. Originally I chose to buy this book strickly because of browsing a few pages and seeing the word "Illuminati". I must explain that for the past few years I have been engrossed in the Vampire genre style of books and several of them hint at the inclusion of a group known as the Illuminati, in the world of vampires. So I was very intersted, thinking I had found another wonderful vampire read - but to my great surprise this story went in a completely different direction, and I'm thankful everyday since this chance purchase, that through my casual glance at the book stand at my local grocery store, I've now been turned on to a wonderful author who's writing and story telling capabilities rival any 2 hours at the movies. I look foward to reading his other two books. He is truly gifted.I would highly recommend this book to anyone has become the least bit complacent with their usual reads - because this book is anything but usual!!  Some great additional"Iluminati"(vampire) reads include, I, Vampire by Michael Romkey and Dark Lost by Mick Farren.
 I bought "Angels &amp; Demons" years ago and never got around to finish it. The only reason I bought the book was because it was about the Illuminati and having read about them in high school I felt compelled. A few weeks after I bought it, "The Da Vinci Code" frenzy broke out and when I realized it was the same author I bought the Code and finished it in less than 2 days (not a great book but entertaining enough).<br/><br/>Yet, this took me *years* to finish. Why? Because it made me feel foolish as a consequence of the repetitive cheesy tone (example: Langdon realizing something became very repetitive, you knew he WOULD get it after a while but the book made it seem like a miracle every single time, it got old), terrible pacing, forced dialogue and far fetched sequences. Not to mention the characters felt like pieces on a board game rather than people.<br/><br/>I finished it yesterday and it didn't get any better. Yet, there are sparks of brilliance when Brown focuses on the basic Science vs. Religion plot. The book is not uneven because the bad far outweighs the good but for those small moments of goodness, I don't regret having read this.
 No doubt this book, like The Da Vinci Code, has plenty of factual errors. Some clearly don't matter; some matter to me quite a bit. Apparently, a "camerlengo" is not at all the inexperienced personal servant or butler that Brown depicts but a prince of the Church. That makes a difference in Brown's convoluted plot. But as many reviewers have noted, the book is fast-paced and fun, and it's oddly memorable. Never mind the plot errors.<br/><br/>I agree that this book is better than the Da Vinci Code. The Illuminati plot is treated more deftly than the Opus Dei/Priory plot of Da Vinci. Beyond that, the books are pretty much interchangeable. Brown has found a formula that works. Let's not begrudge him that.
 A great novel I just loved this book and here is my opinion. Any time a book with religious themes is published - be it fictional or not - it's destined for controversy. While `Angels and Demons' hasn't spawned the type of discussion that its follow-up, `The Da Vinci Code' has, it definitely has its share of plot points that will be brought up for debate by theologians, scholars, and anyone remotely interested in Catholic history.<br/><br/>The main character of this book is Robert Langdon, also the main character in `Da Vinci', involved in a race against time to solve a mystery that will save the lives of several cardinals, as well as Vatican City itself. The pacing is superior, and the detail is painted out well in the mind of the reader. Brown writes in such a way that each chapter ends enticing the reader to turn the page. Even if you think, "I'll finish this chapter, and then go to bed," you won't. You'll have to read one more chapter, just to find out what happens next. That, in itself, is an art, and Dan Brown has mastered it. This is a book that some will want to re-read the moment they finish it.<br/><br/>Whether the historical and religious references contained in the book are accurate or not is up to the reader; I encourage anyone to seek their own truths, where that is concerned. What is certain is that the book, no matter what your beliefs are, is intelligently written and a book that defines the term `thriller'.
 I have pretty much copied &amp; pasted the review I wrote about The Da Vinci Code, as I have the same comments (more or less) about this book as its sister.<br/>As a lifelong Catholic &amp; Papist, I found myself really ready NOT to like this book. But then... a good read has a way of drawing you in.<br/>Angels &amp; Demons, like The Da Vinci Code, is a fast-paced &amp; interesting read. It is the print equivalent of the pop-film "Raiders of the Lost Ark".<br/>If one forgets it is a pure work of fiction &amp; starts to recognize Brown's "facts" as FACTS, then the book is in danger of doing something quite dangerous: namely, passing itself off as History in the same way Stone's film 'JFK' did. The next deviation is the contention that man did not land on the moon, aliens are the architects of the Egyptian pyramids, and the Catholic church was founded to subvert the "real story".<br/>A suggestion &amp; request to Brown:<br/>Read the Catechism to get your Catholic Teachings correct. I gave Angels &amp; Demons a "hall-pass" on many things he passed off as Catholic, but when I saw how badly he completely "wiffed" on the stance of the Church with regards to artifictial insemination, it was clear he had not even asked a priest, let alone a lay Catholic to confirm it. For Chrissake, I know what PETA's stand on fur coats is... least he could do is get this one right.<br/>Also, could you pick on the Mormons instead? I know we are an easy target &amp; not apt to get too huffy about a good ribbing, but enough already! :)
 Fantastic, a must read for DaVinci Code lovers! Robert Langdon is again at the center of another riveting and suspensful thriller. Dan Brown has the formula down, he provides good guys, bad guys, a threatening danger, murder, suspense and then keeps you guessing till the end who is the evil mastermind.<br/><br/>I won't get all book reportish on you, you can read the above summary provided by amazon.  Compared to "The DaVinci Code", "Angels &amp; Demons" is like Dan Brown's blueprint for his most famous novel.  Similar plot, similar situations leads to a somewhat familiar read.  For me, I love to experience Dan Brown's detail of each journey Langdon and Vittoria Vetra take in Rome.  Having just visited Rome and Vatican City I was particularly interested.<br/><br/>I still highly recommend!
 This story has our old friend Robert Langdon, from the DiVinci Code. Once again he is the Profesor who is trying so hard to solve a mystery. Well the plot is so outrageous, that you will hopefully allow reality to slip away and enjoy the mystery. I just could not let go enough to allow myself to believe that a priest coincidentally was a helicopter pilot. Nor could I swallow that a man could jump from a helicopter over a thousand feet in the air and survive (cuts and brusises). But if you like a good mystery and can really let go of reality you will enjoy this book.
 Thank God there are others out there who appreciate the sheer stupidity of this book -- and Brown's other book, the Da Vinci Code. I bought both through a price club, sadly believing the buzz which surrounded them. I was expecting an interesting, engaging read, along the lines of best sellers I have read in England. I have to be honest -- I put the book down after reading a few pages.  One reviewer posted the many, numerous factual errors. What is more astounding is the many reviewers who defended such factual errors. The first few pages of this book were inane, vacuous, and glib. Nothing intelligent, riveting, rigorous, compelling about them at all. I leafed through the rest of the book, looking for interesting parts -- and it was more or less the same. I did not see any interesting detours into philosophical, historical excavations or reflections....or depth any kind really. The back of the books shows a picture of David Brown, who looks as happy as if he had discovered the Happy Meal (at McDonalds) and is gleeful that million are buying his garbage and proclaiming it to be haute cusine.<br/><br/>This is one stupid, ridiculous book marketed and hyped to the masses. Brown is not a gifted writer, though he can write. But genius, ground breaker he is not. THere is nothing remarkable or extraordinary or even remotely interesting about this book.<br/><br/>The fact that so many in America love it reflects how dumbed down this country really is. The people who defend it dont realize how dumb they really are. Ignorance is bliss (and apparently quite profitable) in America!!
 I have yet to read the Da Vinci Code.  I picked this up first and I'm glad I did. Being a catholic, I was interested in the vatican information.  Dan Brown did his homework and wrote as only one who researches can.  His knowledge of election of the pope to the underground system in Vatican City is very interesting.  The story is fast paced as it races through cathedrals in Vatican City.  I found myself trying to figure out what the ancient symbols meant and where they were pointing. I kept wanting to put the book down and go to bed, but with each page there was something else happening.  It was unpredictable (BIG suprise ending) and the characters are engaging and described so well.  I will pick up the Da Vinci Code to see where the two main characters end up!
 This was a great read. It was exciting and there wasn't a dull moment in the book. I saw the movie first, years after it was released. The book gives much richer detail.
 An exciting plot, all set in the beautiful Italy, and reading this in Italy does not get any better. You can trace the path and follow the plot along with the characters, going from one church to another, one landmark to another. Dr. Langdon is back and he is just as good if not better than the Da Vinci code, although I realize this book was written prior to Da Vinci code. Absolutely brilliant plot, I never ever saw the ending coming. Highly recommend it.
 As he did with his more recent book, "The Da Vinci Code," Dan Brown sets forth in "Angels &amp; Demons" an enticing story that promises exceptional suspence and entertainment.  However, the book doesn't hold up.  Half way through you sense that Brown spends as much time explaining the improbability of the story as he does telling it.  He also bores the reader with blunt and distorted justification for the story in over-stating the tension between religion and science.  Although it starts off as an alluring adventure, it ends up dragging under its own weight to an inglorious halt.  Brown's ending is arbitrary, unlikely, and injected with cheap thrills.  The story becomes so far fetched that you needn't finish reading it.  It seems as if Brown - unable to deliver a satisfying ending - spent five minutes making one up.  The reader could just as well do the same.
 Loved the book, hated the movie!!! I was so excited when they announced they were making a movie of this and saw it the day it opened. After the first five minutes, I was ready to walk out!! It was horrible. The book is amazing and a great read. Don't make the mistake of judging this book by Hollywoods poor version of it!!
 This is the only book I've read of Dan Brown's (I have The DaVinci Code, but haven't read it yet), but after reading Angels &amp; Demons, I have ordered Deception Point.  I had a hard time grasping Angels &amp; Demons in the first chapter; however, it grabbed me after that and I couldn't put the book down!<br/><br/>This book was written so well and so convincing that I was worried that some parts of it could be true.  I'm not a Catholic, but it sure gave me the chills!  I don't think you'll be disappointed in this book if you like mysteries.  Enjoy!
 I bought this after I watched The Da Vinci Code. I don't read much, so sometimes I got impatient reading the descriptive parts so I could get to the next action scene in the book, but the descriptive parts actually bring much background and meaning to the action scenes. There is not much background information provided in movies, so it was nice to have in the book. The book also lets me re-read portions that are too intense to read just once.
 I read this book after reading (and loving) The Da Vinci Code.  This was such a disappointment, but mostly b/c I had already read TDC.  If I reviewed this book based on it's own merits I would give it 4 stars; but after reading TDC this one feels lame and very formulaic - like Dan Brown was practicing for the TDC with Angels &amp; Demons, polished it up and put out The Da Vinci Code.  The characters are so similiar, the story takes place in Europe and has another religious theme.  TDC is by far his better book and I'm glad I read it first!
 The writing is good from a technical standpoint (I don't have to jump literary hurdles to get through a paragraph because the words flow very well).  The idea is a good one too.  What I can't get past is the character Robert Langdon.  Langdon is supposed to be a sharp academic but he seems to lack foresight in his cogitations and things always dawn on him at the last second.  Another thing I have trouble with is Dan Brown's knack for slowing the pace of the story.  Things will be running strong for a moment and then the author tries just a little too much to build suspense.  The problem is the reader already knows where the particular scene is headed and this attempt to build up for a critical moment leaves me wanting to skip ahead to the payoff.  Like playing fetch with a dog, you can only tease him for so long before he loses interest, especially when the dog has a pretty good idea where the ball will land after it's finally tossed.<br/><br/>This book is an easy read but I think it is a bit over-rated.
 This book is all set within a 24-hour period.  It's got mysticism and cults, action, violence, romance, discussion on religion and science and pretty much all the things you need for a quick, addictive little book that will obsess your mind.  I got a little irritated by the fact that the main character has repeated moments of clarity where SUDDENLY it all makes sense and a section of plot is explained through his revelations, but then again, the plot is pretty contrived to begin with.  I found I enjoyed it none-the-less.
 This is the 2nd Dan Brown novel I have read, the first being his acclaimed DaVinci Code.  After reading the DaVinci I was hesitant to embark on this novel because I enjoyed his first one so much I couldn't see how he could possibly match the excellence of the DaVinci code with this earlier novel. I finished the book in less than three days and was relieved that Brown didn't let me down.  Just the educational portions of this novel alone would make it an excellent read, the trouble and efforts that Brown goes through to make sure his facts are accurate are amazing.  But on top of the facts is a suspenceful, believable, and page turning story that makes the read quick and quite enjoyable!
 This book grabbed me from the first page. Brown did an excellent job of helping us learn the characters with bits and pieces throughout the story much the same way we get to know others over time. It was absolutely incredible how he packed so much in very short time period. He's gotten me intrigued with his books about the mysteries surrounding the Knights Templar and how they relate to the Catholic Church and the Masons. I've read Angels and Demons twice now. The first time in 2007 and most recently in May of 2009. It was absolutely as exciting and intriguing the second time around as the first.<br/>I wanted to have the written story fresh in my mind prior to seeing the film. I'm looking forward to seeing the film and hope it isn't a dissapointment but they usually are.<br/>Brown did a great job of putting the reader in the story as a close observer. I felt as if I was experiencing some of the exciting action along with the characters.<br/><br/>I definately will be reading more of Dan Brown's works. So far, Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code met and exceeded my expectations.
 I was expecting a lot more from this book due to its popularity, but found that like many things in life "popular" does not translate into "good".<br/><br/>Some of the other negative reviews mention the highly improbable and unbelievable plot twists, I will not repeat them here. I was very much turned off by the number of near superhuman actions performed by the main character. The aim of Mr. Brown seemed to be non-stop action (regardless of how implausible) with a thin veneer of (or illusion of) "good research".<br/><br/>All in all this is an interesting subject (religion, conspiracies, secret histories, etc..) ripe for a excellent story but very poor execution. Bland writing style coupled  with shallow characters that are victims of the author's hero worship make this a novel that you can safely pass on, unless you are into fast action novels that don't worry too much about realism or plot.<br/><br/>Take away the religious conspiracy background and you have a poorly writen script for an Indiana Jones type movie knock-off.<br/><br/>For a much better read in the same vain (minus the pandering to action movie fans) check out Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum"
 Like many others, I came to "Angels and Demons" via "DaVinci Code".  I was interested to see something of the past of both the character of Robert Langdon and of the author's work.  I wasn't disappointed.  Like "DaVinci", this book is a fast-paced thriller that combines typical thriller plot (ticking time-bomb, here literally!) with art history and religious themes.  Since those were things I liked about "DaVinci", I was glad to see more of those elements again.<br/>The differences between the two works, though, are what make this book worth picking up.  The main fascination for me with "Angels and Demons" was the way in which Brown explored the conflict between science and religion.  Using CERN (a private, high-level scientific facility) and its creation of anti-matter and the very foundation of Catholicism, Brown deftly explores many angles of the creationism-vs.-Darwinism debate, the secularization of modern society, and what it means to have faith.  Most fascinating to me was the ways in which characters appear 'good' or 'bad' or 'naive' to challenge the reader to really think about all sides presented and to perhaps define what is 'right' for themselves.<br/>Dan Brown is rapidly becoming a favorite with me.  While his books, as other reviewers have noted, seem to be falling into rather a formula in format, the ideas which underlie the thrillers are well-thought out and articulated - and are different, so far, with each new book.  I look forward to seeing where Langdon goes next!<br/>Even without the heady themes, the simple thrill ride of the story's enough to make reading this worthwile.
 I was introduced to this book, Angels and Demons, by my older sister who talked of nothing but how great this gripping and intense book was. I became interested, and i wanted to know what was so great about a book that had to do with art, brotherhoods, and the truth about our so highly thought of religions. So I started to read, hoping what was in this book, would open up my eyes to learn even more, get me interested in something. Dissapointment was my first feeling of the book. It was about a man, Robert Langdon, who had found out about the bizarre and sudden death of a physicist. He later on discover clues that lead him to the secret brotherhood, the Illuminati, who's most hated enemy was the very Catholic Church itself.<br/><br/>  When the book started to go into even more detail about the religion and it started to unvail a deeper, stronger look at the Catholic Church, my interest level peeked a little higher. I am not a religous person so to say, and all talk about those who dont believe will be sent to hell, aggravated me a little. But after reading this book, it opened my eyes and gave me more self assurance that how I felt, wasnt wrong. Every sentence and every fact seemed right, and had some point to make, leading to the direction that just because a churches claim states what they practice and teach to others is truthful and pure, doesn't mean that it is.
 This was a fun book to read in that it was a real page-turning adventure through the streets of Rome.  If you've visited the eternal city you'll likely relive some memories, if you've never been you'll likely want to go visit.  The story did take, in my view, a few liberties with the physics of the situations but that was not enough to keep me from being enthralled by the main characters' race against time.  I found this work to be as much fun as Dan Brown's 'The DaVinci Code' so go ahead, read this book and enjoy.
 "Angels and Demons" is an enjoyable novel of the type that leads one to expect a movie in the near future. Fast-paced action, inaccurate but plausible science, a mystery to solve, and interesting characters remind me of Michael Crichton's novels. Yes, the plot is unlikely. Yes, the characters, especially a handsome historian/symbologist and a ravishing Italian scientist, seem a little 'Harlequin romance'-like. So? It's a fun book.<br/><br/>It's always a little amusing to read reviews of a book like this that complain it isn't Great Literature. Unless I'm just way off the beam here, I believe Dan Brown was trying to write something *entertaining* here, rather than trying to be the next Hemingway. In that attempt, he was certainly successful.
 Deposit your brain at the entrance before opening this book. You'll have to exercise your suspension-of-disbelief skills to a high level in order not to laugh too hard.<br/><br/>Case in point: a scientist discovers the secret of Creation and a terrible weapon, then conceals it in a lab guarded only by a retinal scanner. Any security expert worth its salt will tell you that using a single biometric identification method without an associated code or passphrase is foolish.<br/><br/>The plot is mildly interesting, but the characters are sketchy and stereotypical.<br/><br/>What annoyed me the most, however, was pitting science and religion against each other as if they had been mortal enemies for centuries, which certainly is not the case. At one point, you get the impression that the Catholic Church is still clinging to creationist beliefs like bible-belt preachers, whereas it has accepted the evidence for Darwinian evolution for quite a long time.
 This is a great story!! Very entertaining, a definite page-turner. Dan Brown is a fantastic story-teller but one must remember that he is a fiction writer.  Fiction is loosly based on fact and is not biographical.<br/><br/>The RC Church has for years held secrets, rituals shrouded in mystery, latin, and symbolism.  He has a lot of stuff to work with... one's imagination can go wild. I urge readers to please remember that this is fiction.<br/><br/>~FallenMoon
 This is the "prequel" to Da Vinci Code. It is not Shakespeare but is very entertaining. Let's get real, that's why you grabbed this one, to be entertained.<br/><br/>Again we have conspiracies in the Catholic Church, but nobody is raising Hell about this one... interesting. The plot is tight and very fast paced, the end is a little farfetched but everything wraps up nicely.<br/><br/>Summarizing, if you don't allow yourself to get affected by all the controversy and opportunism out there surrounding Brown's pieces, but want a book that will glue to your hands because you cannot wait to see what happens next. This is as good as it gets.
 I read The Da Vinci Code before picking up Angels &amp; Demons.  Now, I knew that TDVC did not present brilliant writing, but it was a fun ride so I gave A&amp;D a try. Bad idea.  The plot was so predictable and the ending made me want to toss the book at the wall....but I don't think my neighbor would have liked that too much. Apparenly Dan Brown has a formula that he likes to follow - `reluctant handsome hero, and lest not forget brilliant, travels to foreign place to solve crime, is joined by younger female sidekick-destined-to-be-love-interest, together they experience much danger and peril, only to win just in the nick of time and have that passionate kiss with the sunset behind them.' Lame. If you've read TDVC and enjoyed it in all of its 3rd grade reading level simplicity as a merely fun read, then don't ruin that feeling with this atrocity passing as a novel.
 This book started off with an exciting premise - dead body, science, religion, all of it - but it was very predictable (yes, I've read the Da Vinci Code) - it wasn't that hard to determine who the bad guy was, who was going to be elected Pope, etc. - on the other hand - it was fun to read, and a page turner - read it for the entertainment, and that's all - the only thing I'm not wild about with Brown's writing is that he has little faith in the reader - he explains way too much, and answers questions for you - sometimes during his character's monologues I found myself wanting to skip ahead for the action - he might want to realize that people who read his books are not dumb.  Plus, he seems to off the deep end at the end of the book (did in Da Vinci Code as well) - both of these books would make great movies because I believe Hollywood can tone down  Brown's "preaching" and stick with the action.
 After reading The Da Vinci Code, I did what most did and read Angels &amp; Demons. Angels &amp; Demons still had all of the conspiracy theories and religious facts that The Da Vinci Code had, but Angels &amp; Demons added the element of God vs. Science (instead of Gods vs. God). I found this conflict incredibly interesting and once again, Dan Brown wraps a suspenseful story around his theories and research.<br/>Whether or not Dan Brown's research is true, the facts and theories presented in Angels &amp; Demons had me doing my own research on the Illuminati and the secret history of the Catholic Church. This book gets you interested in certain things that most readers (me included) didn't even know existed before this book.<br/>The first few pages of the story may sound slightly familiar if you've chosen to read The Da Vinci Code first but the rest of the story is truly unique. I read quite often, but I rarely find a book that I simply can not put down. I even lost sleep over this book.<br/>If you've read The Da Vinci Code, then this should be your next choice. However, if you haven't read either, don't worry. You can read either one first and still understand everything that is going on.
 I think Dan Brown is an excellent author, and I really like this story. My criticism is actually directed at the narrator. Richard Poe has a great voice to listen to and is marginally good at all the different accents that the characters required, but it drove me crazy that you could often hear him breathe out through his nose after ending certain sentences.  You could hear him swallow and make other mouth sounds that I thought were distracting.  Maybe it's not so much his fault, maybe the recording wasn't done with the right equipment or something.
 This was one of those books that makes you want to take a day off work and finish!  I read this book in three days--losing sleep--neglecting housework--falling behind in other areas of my life--yet NOT CARING!<br/><br/>I know other reviewers have complained about the apocolyptic ending that DOES require some suspension of disbelief...but...they should remember that this is fiction.  The author is a great story-teller.  He doesn't claim that everything in the book is true.  He bases this book on historical facts and research.  If you want to read the TRUTH then you should read non-fiction.<br/><br/>For me, I was totally absorbed in this book and found it thoroughtly more enjoyable than The DaVinci Code by the same author.  I feel that this book would make a much better movie.  To me, the fast moving pace reminded me of the tv show "24".  The entire novel takes place in one day.<br/><br/>The Vatican intrigue kept me engaged in the book.  I also enjoyed learning about the 400-year-old secrets of the Illuminati.  It had been a long time since I had thought about Galileo, Bernini, and Copernicus.  This book was a good review of some of their most famous works and contributions.<br/><br/>I have recommended this book to everyone I know. I am not a "mystery" fan but this book grabbed me from page 1.  The story of Mr. Vetra and his relationship with his daughter Vittoria was so intriguing and well written.  I found the characters in this story well defined and developed.<br/><br/> I forced my husband to read it and pressured him to finish it quickly so we could discuss it.<br/><br/>This is a great work of FICTION that I recommend to anyone who likes PAGE-Turners and great mysteries.
 After finishing this book I was so happy to get it back onto my shelf.  Not only is Dan Brown a horrible writer, but the twists and turns of the book are enough to incite laughter.  I thought getting through Brown's cheesy and preachy religious rantings would be the worst part.  Boy, was I wrong!  Not only does every artist, president, and poet from the past 600 years pop up on every other page, but the characters and plot are flat and lifeless.  I felt no attachment to any character and could care less whether they lived or died.  As the plot progressed and "surprises" were revealed, I found my self laughing out loud in disgust.  I think the Vatican banned it no so much for being a threat to Christianity, but for being a horrible book in general!
 I read this book after being introduced to Dan Brown thru of course the Da Vinci Code. His style of writing really grabs the reader from the start. He takes chances with his writing in giving a story that many would find offensive, especially a more Christian community. He really does seem to be on neutral ground when he takes historical events and makes a story so captivating that you don't want to put the book down. He is an author I truly recommend and would tell anyone to read him with an open mind. It is after all fiction!!
 I guess I had higher expectations for this book since I read The DaVinci Code first... nonetheless it was a good story that brought in elements of physics and antimatter technology, a Satanic cult, and Italian art... Dan Brown has an interesting way of doing that! Robert Langdon is a great character--sometimes his feats seem a little too extraordinary, but they are still fun to read about.<br/>I found the Illuminati history interesting, as well as the discussions about the art and symbology.<br/>Overall a pretty good book, but DaVinci Code still is my favorite!
 This is a good, quick read. Intriguing plot, history, art, and architecture come together to make an unusually intellectual thriller. If you've read the Da Vinci Code, you'll recognize a similarity in plot, but not so much so that it's not worth reading. The plot centers around an ancient cult bent on destroying Catholicism. The impending death of the Pope is opening a window for them to effectively dismantle a huge part of Western Christianity. Our hero follows cryptic clues around Rome in an attempt to save the day.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is a really good writer. This would have gotten more stars if this and the DaVinci Code didn't have so much in paralell. I felt like he used this as a training vehicle for the later book. That's a shame, because it's enjoyable to read a book where the author has really done his research.
 Angels and Demons was my first experience with Dan Brown's work.  My church asked the church members not to support The Da Vinci Code, so I neither saw the movie nor read the book.  A co worker of mine brought this book to me and urged me to read it, commenting on its captivating content.<br/><br/>I read Angels and Demons and have to say that it is hands down the best book I have ever read.<br/><br/>I am now reading the Da Vinci Code.
 Let me preface this by saying I thought the Da Vinci code was, to quote a friend, a hot mess. It was Hidden History. . .For Dummies.<br/><br/>However, Angels &amp; Demons, the first of Dan Brown's Robert Langdon novels, was an engaging romp through the Vatican, the Illuminati, the studies of science and symbology, and Vatican City and Rome's art and architecture.<br/><br/>While the scientific premise of the novel is a bit shaky (the book's events start with a devout Catholic priest and genius physicist dying because of his search for God in science, and his discovery of an unlikely substance that I would spoil the first hurried bits of the novel if I told you.), the killing sends the hero - soon to be played by Tom Hanks, who doesn't seem sexy or academic enough to be the protagonist - running all over looking for occult symbols in the holiest places.<br/><br/>Also, this passage is currently my Favorite Book Quote Ever. EVAR.:<br/><br/>"Langdon had been inside hermetic vaults many times, but it had always been an unsettling experience. . . something about entering an airtight container where the oxygen was regulated by reference librarians."<br/><br/>Those of you who know reference or special collections library staff, nod and laugh right here.<br/><br/>The ending, and final reveal of the villain, snookered me. It has been -years- since the final twist of a book has twisted me in earnest, but Dan did it, and I'll admit it.<br/><br/>Not to give you the wrong impression - this isn't as wacky as, say, Illuminatus (Robert Anton Wilson's book on the subject) or as thorough and intense as Foucalt's Pendulum (Umberto Eco's take on the ancient illuminated society). It's a good thriller, it's a beach read for the paranoid, and it's occasionally cheesy. However, I did not want to stop reading, even when the Velveeta struck.<br/><br/>Read this on your day off from working on the alien abduction zine and producing the conspiracy radio show. It's good clean fun. With gruesome murders and more about art history than you'd ever think you'd get in one book.
 I honestly had not planned to read Angels &amp; Demons, but when I realized the movie was making its cable debut I wanted to make sure I had something to compare it to.<br/><br/>I'm so glad that I did.<br/><br/>The book ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is a real page turner full of all of the elements that made me fall in love with Robert Langdon in THE DA VINCI CODE. We see him in his element, using the keys from the past to see how it is being used by some in the present to affect the future. We also see how science once again becomes the very key to unlocking man's greatest good and how it can lead to some of the greatest evil.<br/><br/>At the heart of it all is the issue of faith and the knowledge that God has entrusted imperfect man to carry out His perfect will. There is bound to be extremes, yet the motive for the character's actions are not always as black and white as we might expect.<br/><br/>Riveting and full of the kind of suspense that Dan Brown fans will appreciate, ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is worth the time.
 I purchased a paper back in the airport going to China.  Finished the whole book by the time I got there.  Usually I sleep on the plane, especially on long flights.  This book kept me interested and I ended up reading the whole thing in 12 hours.  You will like this book even more if you have been in Rome since there are a lot of references to different places in Rome.<br/>I "The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown also, read it on the way back from China.  I like Angels &amp; Demons a lot more.  The plot is not as artifical and the pace is much after since there is a time bomb.
 There are a lot of authors who are good at writing about human interaction and plots, but are poor at doing the historical and technical research required to make a story believable. In Angels &amp; Demons, Dan Brown has done the opposite: masterful at historical minutiae, but a little clunky when it comes to story-writing. Now, the characters are fine- Robert, Vittoria, Dr. Kohler, etc. are all believable characters. But it is the plot, which keeps getting more and more grandiose and heavy, that makes the book a hard swallow. Too much is at stake,<br/><br/>too many artifacts at risk, too many historic and public characters are implicated. Too much, too many, too fast.<br/><br/>All in all, it's a great read, and I would give it 4.5 stars, but Brown's attempt to make it into a 007 novel drops it back to a solid 3 stars.
 I'm a student who works full time and really don't get a chance to read for enjoyment very often. I bought this for a vacation and actually finished reading it before I even left!  I brought it with me on the trip and passed it on to my boyfriend.... and picked up another Dan Brown book to take with me.  (Angels and Devils ruined me for Deception Point.  I'm putting it aside for my next vacation)  Truth be told, I am holding out on reading the DiVinci Code as long as possible because I'm sure that I'll be disappointed since I'm still basking in the afterglow of this one!  :-)  Whether you're Catholic or not, you'll enjoy reading about the mysteries and facts of the Vatican.  It's a fast paced 24 hours!  I bought this book because it was highly recommended by someone and I'm passing on that recommendation.  ENJOY!
 I adored this book.  I'm not sure that I can say much more than that.  I loved the tone, the setting, the characters, the suspense.<br/>May I suggest one thing, however.  I was in Rome about 2 and a half years ago.  So when the storyline emerged that our characters were going on a scavenger hunt through churches in Rome, I pulled out my Rome tourist book and followed the characters. Many times, I got to see pictures of the statues and icons the way that Brown described them.  It was so fun to trace their journey on the map.  If you can do this, it adds so much to the story!<br/>Happy reading!
 I am an avid reader and I really enjoyed this book.  I think everyone forgets that fiction is FICTION.  Fiction books are meant to take you to a place that you most likely don't visit in your everyday life.  Who cares if this book isn't based on any facts, it's not supposed to!  If you want a compelling thriller of fiction, this is your book.  I enjoyed this book more than the Da Vinci Code only because I read it first.  It seems most people enjoy which ever one they read first, since Brown's style is similar in both.  I wish they were making this book into a movie instead.  I found it to be much more of a page turner.
 I do agree with many of the reviews of this book that state that character development and depth in this novel is lackluster at best.  Also, I find that Dan Brown has a problem with fleshing out beleivable action sequences (at least in this one, which is the only one I've read of his).  However, these shortcomings are vastly outshadowed by a fantastic plot, and a an absolutly stunning and unpredictable ending.  If the ending is what makes a story good, then this book is a masterpiece.  Also, the theories and ancient secrets that are revealed in this book will make even the most stubborn non-believer into a paranoid conspiracy theorist, for a little while anyway.  I highly reccomend this awesome book, and if not for its few problems, would have easily recieved a 5-star rating.
 A fast-paced tangle of a thriller.<br/><br/>It's like Indiana Jones or 007 for eggheads, and it reads that way.  Intricately detailed, remarkably well-researched.<br/><br/>Tore through it in one day (well, all but the first 40 pages, which I read last night prior to retiring.)<br/><br/>Kept even *me* occupied and entertained, and I require some element of intelligence in my entertainment.<br/><br/>I want the forms of media I consume to make me *think*, and *oh*, did this book ever make me think.<br/><br/>Though, not being Catholic (in fact being closer to Transcendentalism than any religion with a name) it did not make me think about my religion in the same way TDVC did, since TDVC contained material that would make *any* Christian, current or former, stop to consider what they truly believe.<br/><br/>Often wears threadbare the cloth of credibility, and many elements of the plot are to say the least, contrived.<br/><br/>(My thoughts on the matter are precisely this--"He's a freaking *symbologist*, for God's sake!  How did he manage to get himself *into* this mess!?")<br/><br/>That's why I knocked off the star, in fact.<br/><br/>It's more high-IQ James Bond even than TDVC, which I wasn't sure was possible.  But Langdon rises admirably to the challenge, and Brown weaves a deft tale.<br/><br/>Also in Brown's favor, it's accessible, and even *I* didn't figure out the *MAJOR* secret (well I had a niggling suspicion, but it wasn't *confirmed*) 'til the end.<br/><br/>("The child *has* come forward..." &lt;*Shiver*&gt;)<br/><br/>Never fails to keep the reader guessing, and you'll just dive right in and be immersed.<br/><br/>The ambigrams?  *VERY* cool!  Reading the credits at the back of the book tells me he *got* them from a man named "Langdon"--Coincidence?  (With *Brown*?)  I think not!<br/><br/>The few instances of true humor made me laugh out loud, and I wish Brown could have utilized more throughout.  It would have done well to ease some of the throat-constricting tension.<br/><br/>The last line in particular nearly had me falling off my chair!<br/><br/>("This guy's kneecaps are mine!" among others are *classic* lines.  Loved the bit where Langdon and Vittoria first step into the vault--"You made me ride in your damn space plane..."  And don't miss the excerpt about St. Teresa!)<br/><br/>Very well done, though the plot devices echo (intentionally?) many in The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>(Female researcher, dead father, clues in art and architecture, Masonic legend &amp; ritual, grudge against the Catholic Church, high-ranking intelligentsia sticking it to religious fundamentalism.)<br/><br/>But it *works*.  That's all you need to know.<br/><br/>Still also borrows heavily in certain concepts, perticularly the treatment of the main female protagonist and her relationship to Langdon, from modern James Bond films, and so too does the Langdon series owe a great conceptual debt to Indiana Jones.  Though not that any of that is a *bad* thing.<br/><br/>*BIG* problem--The Illuminati are *keepers of knowledge* and as such have no occasion to resort to outright physical violence.  They are Not. Bad. People!  They are *smart* people, which are often however, to Findamentalists of all stripes at least, the same thing.<br/><br/>Brown proposes many fascinating ways to (perhaps?) reconcile the tenets of faith (religion, God) with the tenets of modern science, I have to go with S. J. Gould on this one--The two are "non-overlapping magisteria," which means they effectively answer two different sets of questions and serve two different purposes for people.<br/><br/>All I know is *I* thoroughly enjoyed it, and anyone with an open mind, a taste for science (and hot professors! &lt;*Grin!*&gt;) and a little imagination will love it, too.<br/><br/>(Was even thinking of &lt;*ahem*&gt; *appropriating* my friend's copy from whom I borrowed it in the first place!  Claiming it in the name of research and all that...Heh...)<br/><br/>Pick it up, read it, get immersed in it, enjoy.
 This book is another masterpiece from Dan Brown! It's an absolute page turner, very much like The DaVinci Code. However, the climax feels like a bad hollywood movie with unbelievable events. Unlike DaVinci, the climax kind of falls apart in this book. That said, Dan Brown displays thorough knowledge of the church, right from the Pope's election process, to the Basilica's layout. At the end of the day, the book is meant to be fiction, so leave your prior knowledge and common sense aside, and I'm sure you will thoroughly enjoy this book!
 After I read The DaVinci Code, I was thirsty for more books like it; with its depth and intrigue, it was one of the most readable and fascinating books I have read in a long time. However, I found  that Angels &amp; Demons stretched the limits of credibility beyond the breaking point. Super humans and super demons were abundant, and the lines were crossed far too many times. I am willing to go with a writer and to suspend disbelief with the best of them, but this one made me feel jerked around. Though I stuck with it and read through to the disappointing end, I did not feel good about my efforts. I was expecting another DaVinci, but was sorely disappointed. Had I read this one first, I would have skipped the far superior product.
 A symbologist and scientist race all over the Vatican to find the ultimate weapon that will destroy central Rome.<br/>The two encounter sinister agendas, murder plots, and corrupted priests. The Illuminati plays an important role<br/>in this book as does CERN and antimatter..
 I read this after DaVinci and Digital Fortress. I like Brown's work, but this one was the better of the three so far. It's more fun to read, a better picture maker in the mind. It's quite graphic, which what good fiction should be. I liked having Langdon as the character, Brown gave him a specific style that carried to two books. It's longer in length and the first 200 pages are a bit dull...get through it and off you go. The last 200, I read in one night, couldn't put it down. I wish the story didn't end. It's supposed to be the prelude to DaVinci, but if I switched the order of my reading, I would've been disappointed in DaVinci. The story of the Illuminati is quite facinating. As long as Tom Hanks DOESN'T play Langdon, the movie (if made) would be a blockbuster! Imagine the branding scenes and the cardinals deaths! How cool could that be on the big screen. Go for it Brown, start the casting!
 Like some people here, I am not going to argue on the facts presented by Dan Brown, or whether what takes place is practically possible (dropping from the chopper with no parachute...?).<br/><br/>Dan Brown does a heck of a job creating suspense. He seriously has mastered the art of keeping his readers on their toes. But I thought (maybe I am a bad reader) he could have done a better explaining a situation or a scene. There were times when I was trying to visualize what was happening but was completely lost.<br/><br/>All in all its a great book with a remarkable story line. I wish all writers were as intellectually sound as Dan Brown. His books are like reading an awesome history book, spiced up some form of Adrenalin to you up all night!
 In the perpetual search for audio material for my two hour daily commute, I latched on to Angels and Demons with great anticipation. I'd found DaVinci Code annoying in some matters of style (every chapter cliff hangers) but enjoyed it all the same. Several days' entertainment with Angels and Demons would be welcome.<br/><br/>I gave up before getting to work this morning having not even completed the first disc. I just could not endure any longer. I simply found the voice the narrator used for Langdon so annoying I could listen no longer. Langdon is voiced in an overwrought manner with every enunciation a groan. Coupled with the melodramatic style described by other reviewers, when it was not laughable, it was annoying. Who needs to start the day like that?
 I am really glad that I read this before the Da Vinci code - it isn't necessary - but it was nice to read it first - to set up a bit of the back story for Da Vinci. I think I liked this one better than the Da Vinci code. I found the story very intriguing and the characters fresh (mind you this was my first foray into this type of book). I definitely look forward to reading more of Dan Brown's books and the first two I have read were definitely eye opening and followed along paths that I was already headed spiritually.
 A fun read, but all the mistakes wreck the suspension of disbelief, and anyone knowing something about Rome would have a VERY hard believing the timing of the plot. Mr. Brown would have been better off doing a bit more research and tripling or quadrupling the time involved. At the very least, it would have been a bit more believable, to no detriment to the novel. Also, a lot of Italian word errors, and way too many errors about Rome and its layout to count. On one page, the facade of St. Peters faces west, on another it faces east (the correct orientation); the helicopter fly-in from the Da Vinci airport to Rome is incorrect; S.M. Popolo is at the NE corner of piazza del Popolo, not the SE corner; S.M. Popolo is described incorrectly; you can't drive through Rome's medieval district in 5 minutes in light traffic, let alone heavy traffic; the fountain in front of the Pantheon is small and doesn't really block the view of the Pantheon's entrance; you can't swim in Bernini's fountain in piazza Navona- the basin is too shallow; you can't see Rome's skyline by climbing up the fountain; you can't run from Castel Sant Angelo to the Vatican in 5 minutes in the viaduct- unless you're a mile runner starting fresh; running through the Vatican complex (both St. Peter's and the papal offices) takes a lot longer than is described- both are immense; you can't get from St. Peter's Square to the top baluster of the facade in a few minutes; etc etc etc. It's a shame, because a little care in these basic departments could have gone a long way to making the book better.
 Annotation: Angel's and Demons is a brilliant story that takes you through Italy. Robert Langdon, a professor at Harvard University, gets a mysterious phone call in the middle of the night. A fax later that night is what changed his life. He saw it, a perfect symmetrical symbol of the long lost satanic cult called the Illuminati. What he wasn't aware of is that this cult was still very much alive. With in the next 24 hours his journey through the Vatican, and following the illuminati clues, he would have to try and save the Christian church. Because underneath the Vatican lays a time bomb powerful enough to destroy the church, and the people that believe in it.<br/><br/>Author Bio: Dan is a graduate of Amherst College and Phillips Exeter Academy, where he was an English teacher before a writer. Dan's wife Blythe - an art historian and painter - collaborate his research and accompanies him on his frequent research trips latest to Paris, where he spent time in the Louvre for the Da Vinci Code. Dan Brown is the Author of numerous best selling novels. In early 2004, all four of Dan Brown's novels held spots on the New York Times best seller list the same week.<br/><br/>Evaluation: I was so excited to start reading this book. I heard so many good things about it. I love history and art, so this book was going to be perfect for me. This book had everything, excitement, suspense, thrill, and love. I honestly cannot wait to read the Da Vinci Code. I would recommend this book to anyone. Everyone was right when they said, "you had to read this book." My favorite thing about the book was how Dan Brown included facts and fiction.
 If you like literature at all, read Angels and demons. It is a ridiculously amazing book, with plot twists, action, great storytelling, lifelike characters (except Vittoria, who is a stereotypical damsel in distress kind of character), many bits of knowledge about history and other such subjects, and the most pulse pounding grand finale of all time. I read 600 pages in one very long sitting. That`s how good it is. While this is a must read, if you`re a kid or really sensitive person, don`t read A &amp; D, as it has violence and small amounts of sexual content. Still, you might want to make an exception because of the sheer awesomeness of this amazing book: its one of the best!!!!!!
 The novel Angels and Demons by Dan Brown has a really great story plot to it. It's just a really fun scientific mystery that is waiting to happen. The books about a professor named Robert Langdon that works at Harvard that has to go to Geneva Switzerland to help solve a murder on a scientist. This part of the book is what gets you hooked in to read a really great book. If the reader is into science this book would answer some questions that you have on certain things.  Robert meets the daughter of the died scientist and helps her find what was taken from her.<br/><br/>  The journey of that the book will take the reader will be a great experience to the find out what is happening next in the story. There is a killer that takes the antimatter that could kill a whole city in a matter of time. It takes you through a time that is old and scary at the same time of a new century.<br/><br/>  Angels and Demons is a book that will help understand the reason why the church spilt away from the study of science and that the two things are helpful to one another to get through problems that are going in now. Then it also shows how the church is a big part why science does want to get rid of them. There are evil satanic cults that are in power to kill and get there point across to the world.<br/><br/>  The novel could effect everyday life through a way that could destroy the world. Science could over in the way that everything that the church teaches is wrong and start a war of the world. The church will not be able to show that they are right that science is wrong because there would to much evidence that will support the scientist theories and people would be able to do test to follow them that science is right all the time.<br/><br/>  If the reader likes this book from Dan Brown there are other books by him that they should like. The Deception Point and The Da Vinci Code are really fun mystery books that will be fun for the readers.
 As with "The Da Vinci Code", in "Demons and Angels" the author displays a gift for making the inherently implausible seem not only logical but suspenseful and exciting.  However, the trick was turned much more deftly in "The Da Vinci Code".  Here, things go equally well for the first 90% or so of the story, but seem to unravel at the end, as though the author got tired of trying to hold things together and just let all the inconsistencies and illogical plot elements come out to fend for themselves.<br/><br/>Both "The Da Vinci Code" and "Devils and Demons" are founded on a plot device that is at the same time implausible, if not impossible, yet compelling -- the expanision of time.  Almost the entire story takes place over a period of less than 24 hours, during which time the main characters travel from Boston to Zurich to Rome, solving a murder mystery, and saving the Vatican from a plot that can only be unraveled by solving a historical conundrum that has stumped some of the world's best scholors for centuries.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the story got just too far out of hand for me at the end.  It didn't seem too far out of reason to accept that the main character could solve ancient puzzles in minutes that had perplexed others for hundreds of years.  But I couldn't accept the idea that he could also jump out of a helicopter at night without a parachute, and maneuver himself to a landing in the Tiber river, with injuries so insubstantial that he could jump up from a hospital bed within a matter of minutes with no injuries.  Nor could I accept the premise that an anti-matter explosion equal to several kilotons of TNT at what couldn't possibly be more than a few thousand feet above the ground would be virtually harmless to the people and things below it.  (The roughly comparable atomic blasts of WW II also took place several thousand feet in the air, with devastating effects even aside from radiation.)<br/><br/>One of the most interesting aspects of the book is the travelogue through Rome and the Vatican, incorporating a description of its art and architectural treasures, as well as bringing some of its ancient, dark history to light.  Thus, there's an appreciation of the setting and its history, even aside from the action taking place within it.<br/><br/>In summary, a good, even compelling, read right up to the end.  Ultimately disappointing, but still entertaining.
 It seems to start off as a bad science fiction novel with the protagonist whisked away to a European physics laboratory in a hypersonic jet which the author describes in a manner that would leave any space aficionado cringing. Once there, antimatter is described as something new, is "evidence of god" and is a potential energy source for mankind. Fortunately, the story settles down into a tale of a centuries-old conspiracy intertwined in an urgent puzzle that must be solved before the day is over.<br/>Throughout the novel, the author conveys a battle between science and religion that is both sensational and childish. However, he manages to always dangle a carrot in front of you to compel you read the next chapter. Perhaps the story is not compatible with actual history but it is not meant to be.<br/>One annoying "flaw" is that the secret society essential to the story wasn't completely secret. The author even describes a best-selling computer game that is about the society. The society is also exposed in detail worldwide on live television. The story would have been much more satisfying and intriguing if secrecy was kept.<br/>Worth reading for preparation for that phenomenon, "The DaVinci Code"
 Angels and Demons Dan Brown- This is by far Dan Brown's best work to date.  A+ to Mr. Brown.  This story is a mixture of action, science, science fiction and religion.  Very hard to put the book down once you start. This novel is an action packed romp with twists and turns at every corner.  A great read from cover to cover. This book will also explain the references to Rome made in the Da Vinci Code, for those that have read that book first.  **** September 2004
 Robert Langdon just doesn't seem as smart in this book.  I spent a good chunk of time mentally berating him for making obvious blunders.  The worst is when he has an opportunity to kill a villain, and doesn't.  It made no sense.  There are definitely some pieces of the plot that are just not believable.<br/><br/>That being said, this is still a good book.  The plot is complex, and I didn't see any of the plot twists coming.  I definitely stayed interested until the end.  Too bad that Brown's newest book gets mostly 1 star.  I'd love to read more books of this caliber.
 There are few best sellers that make me wince, but this is certainly one of them. Beyond the stilted dialogue, the cliches, and the hit-you-over-the-head-with-a-brick endless foreshadowing, this was an embarassing mess from start to finish.<br/><br/>It actually scares me that otherwise intelligent people found this worthy of such praise. Admittedly, this isn't my genre, but this is pure schlock.
 First of all: this is probably THE most entertaining and addictive book I've ever read in my life. Like in Da Vinci's Code, Dan Brown is a master in mixing factual history with some really flamboyant fiction. I read the book in only a few hours, and was completely unable to unhook my eyes from it; what else is there to expect from a thriller?<br/><br/>In addition to this, the fantastic (sometimes moving) debate fueled by Brown on the duality between Science and Religion is worth reading for itself.<br/><br/>However, I have to point out some weaknesses:<br/><br/>- the plot, although tremendously clever, is at times a little bit too megalomanous; there are too many things involved, too many things at stake; the credibility is, therefore, a little shaken from time to time.<br/><br/>- I read the "Code" prior to reading this book and I have to confess that I find the «formula» used by Brown a little bit too obvious; actually, the characters in the two books are extremely parallel (Sophie/Vittoria; Silas/Hassassin; Fache/Olivetti; The Professor/Janus; we even have the same cunning old man in a weelchair!). The plot itself always follows the same broad guidelines. Luckily I wasn't aware of this prior to reading, otherwise I would had probably known who the bad guy was from the beginning.<br/><br/>- there seem to exist some factual errors (historic, geographic, ritual) that would tear down all the plot if clarified. But maybe these are intentional: after all, this is just a novel, not reality...<br/><br/>But in the end, I really have to rate this book a 5 out of 5... It was an exciting reading from beginning till end!
 Angels &amp; Demons is full of historical and conspiratorial content.  If you enjoy reading about symbology and/or sciences such as physics, then this is a must read for you!  Angels &amp; Demons also deals with scandal and cover-up.  From start to finish, I could not put this book down.  The anagrams were astonishing, and the mystery kept you guessing right up to the very end.  Just when you think you have it figured out, there's a twist like you've never seen before.<br/><br/> The scene is set when Robert Langdon receives a phone call, asking for his help solving a murder.  The person murdered was a prominent scientist, Leonardo Vetra.  Vetra was working with particle physics trying to prove the possibility of genesis.  On his chest was a brand left by his killer, an anagram stating "Illuminati."  The Illuminati is an ancient society that has been dead-set against the Church for a long time now.<br/><br/>  Langdon goes to Rome to help the Vatican try to stop the brotherhood.  The search leads them all over Rome, tracing a path marked by Bernini's statues.  An unexpected turn in the plot is the Illuminati Diamond.  It was supposedly the most beautiful and astounding artifact, but no one had ever seen it.  When it is found, it is completely different than what one would think of it as.  The stakes to find the brotherhood are high, buried somewhere in Vatican City is an anti-matter bomb, one that will eliminate everything within a half mile radius once the 24-hour magnet runs out.<br/><br/>  The ending is a twist like you'd never have imagined.  It seems so simple, that there is good and bad.  It turns out that the two are intertwined immeasurably, just as science and religion are intertwined.  Just as you think you have it all figured out, that there is one `bad guy,' the story turns and the truth comes out.<br/><br/>  Set in Rome, you learn many things about Vatican City and Renaissance artists that you would otherwise not have known.  You read about the "Path of Illumination" and cannot help but wonder whether there is such a path, and whether there is such a terrorist group as the Illuminati alive today.  Brown gives such exquisite detail in his descriptions of the statues and churches that you feel as though you are there, looking around through the eyes of the character.  The characters are also extremely well written, completely thought out and developed.<br/><br/>  Angels &amp; Demons gives explanations about the history of the Church that keep you interested.  Many times history can be boring, but with this book you always want to read more about the past, the covered scandals, anything you possibly can.  Personally, the Secret Archives intrigued me, especially how they perfectly preserve the forbidden items confiscated by the Church.<br/><br/>Another interesting twist was how many of the supporters and members of the Illuminati were directly tied to the Church.  For example, Bernini.  Bernini created almost all of his work for the Vatican, but if you really study his work, it does not have much to do with the Catholic religion.  Most of his sculptures contained Egyptian obelisks and pyramids.  The pyramids pointed to the stars, which the scientific community knew as bodies of matter, not part of God.  The artwork also used ellipses, the theory that everything revolved around the sun, not the earth.  This was part of Galileo's work, which he was imprisoned and tortured for because it went against the Church's teachings.<br/><br/>  Reading this book gives you a lot of insight to the Catholic Church and the Vatican.  It is not all good or all bad, it is simply factual.  For example, you learn about the inner workings of the City and the secret escape route the Pope used to use.  You also read about the Secret Archives, which contains confiscated documents from scholars such as Galileo and Leonardo DaVinci.  One of the things I learned about the Archives from this book is that they are preserved in rooms with low oxygen levels.<br/><br/>  This was a great book, there was never a dull moment.  It was fast-paced and enthralling.  For picky readers or people who love to read, this is an excellent choice.  The book grips you at the frst page and doesn't let you go until the book is over.
 After all the hype of 'The DaVinci Code,' I decided to start at the beginning with 'Angels and Demons.'  I must say, this is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  Dan Brown does a great job of putting the reader right there in the action and suspense. Brown's character Robert Langdon races across Rome in order to help solve the mystery of the Illuminati before an advanced scientific weapon detonates within the Vatican itself. It is a great story and the characters come to life with such precision that I can't wait to read 'The DaVinci Code' after this to follow the further adventures of Langdon.
 I found the book to be a bit too long and followed a kind of comic book formula of the hero getting into trouble but finding a way out of his dilemma. There were characters who may or may not be bad guys through the book and the mystery was to work out who the true bad guy was.<br/><br/>If you like adventure books, you may like this one, although Clive Cussler does it better.<br/><br/>Perhaps the movie will be an improvement.......
 After reading the Da Vinci Code this was a little disappointing for me.  The story structure was just about the the same, dead body with a message, clever professor and an intellectual damsel, difficult authority figures, race against time etc..<br/><br/>The science was not well researched, some rather dubious anti-matter claims and rather silly relationship between anti-matter, free, clean energy, the big bang and religeon. It ignores the enormous energy cost, pollution and poor efficiency involved in creating the anti-matter in the first place. Anti-matter has been known about since 1928 when it was postulated by Dirac and confirmed by experiment in 1932, with the discovery of the positron. The idea supports E=mc2, that is all. It does not keep the Pope awake at night, I am sure.  After reading the Da Vinci code I expected a better researched book.  Still it was a good read and once I forgot the science flaws I got into the story and enjoyed it.
 As I read this book, I wondered how much of the facts in it I could believe.  Obviously, I knew the plane wasn't real, but the Illuminati - were they really related to the freemasons? - were all those famous people really involved with them? - did they even exist?  And then, how about all that physics about antimatter - was it really such a powerful energy source? - could it really be suspended by magnets? - had it even been proven to exist? I had no clue.  And all those fascinating facts about the Vatican - were any of them true?  I didn't know what I should or shouldn't believe.  Upon reflection, I've decided we shouldn't necessarily believe any of it. And I think the author may have given us some pretty clear messages to that effect.  Several reviewers have mentioned the seeming lack of purpose in including the ultra-fast plane into the story.  Could it be that the author included the sci-fi plane for the sole reason of telling the reader "Don't take anything you read in this book as fact"?  The same with hatha yoga being of Buddhist origin - it's such a glaring error that perhaps it was included so that we wouldn't take any of the rest of the so called "facts" too seriously.  I certainly think that anyone who believes the book is educational without doing further research is being dangerously naive.<br/>In spite of not being able to believe a single thing in this book, I found the conflict between religion and science to be the most fascinating aspect of the book.  Yes, the plot was of the "I can't put it down" nature, although highly ludicrous.  At the end of the book, I wasn't sure if the author was on the side of religion or science - at first I thought science, but when the camerlengo made his impassioned speech, I thought, well perhaps it's religion.  Then at the end, I was back to thinking maybe science.  Or perhaps the author just wanted to make us think.
 While we all love a good yarn, full of adventure, Brown's prose is like slogging through quicksand.  With cliches.  It's totally unbelievable and poorly written on a literary level.  It got me to the end, and I was curious to see how it turned out.  It turns out preposterously.  If you like serious literature, skip it.  If you aren't very picky about the quality of the language - only a decent story to while away the hours - then ok.  Go for it.  Speaking of "The Hours", you should read that instead.
 I am posting the same review for both "Angels and Demons" and "The Da Vinci" code, because they are essentially the same novel wrapped around a different mystery/conspiracy.  The writing is merely adequate and the plot is a fairly straight-forward mystery/treasure hunt with no mind-bending twists.  The treasure hunt itself is moderately entertaining as is the "ancient knowledge known only by secret societies and the Vatican for millenia" which is fully revealed by the end of the novel.  I was able to suspend disbelief sufficiently to buy into it while reading.  What I couldn't entirely suspend disbelief about was serious misunderstandings of the laws of physics on the part of the author, but I said "okay, whatever" and kept reading to the end.  What annoyed me more than that was the author's frequent use of the word "awoken", which according to my dictionary is probably a perfectly proper word to the British, but to my American sensibilities it was a horrible typo that was repeated again and again and acted as a kind of speed bump on an otherwise painless if uninspiring read.
 I read this after finishing The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown as well; after that book I was prepared for a let down.  However, my experience was quite to the contrary.  I ended up liking Angels and Demons more than The Da Vinci Code!  Crazy, eh?  Whilst The Da Vinci Code was fascinating, I must confess that I would rather learn about science as opposed to art, and when they are combined with religion... Well, I was interested.  If you read this book afore The Da Vinci Code I do not believe that you should feel compelled to voyeur into the next book in the series, for his modus operandi changes not at all.  Seems like he is losing his creative touch almost... None the less it was a great read and I thoroughly enjoyed the ambigrams.  Props go out to John Langdon for creating them.  You can see more examples of his work on his website (there is a link off of DanBrown.com).  All in all it was worthwhile and I feel satisfied in awarding it four stars.
 I guess this is where it all begins. I've been told by others that this series gets better each time, but I lie beginnings. This book left me questioning things about my own beliefs while at the same time had me diving through pages to find out what happens next. It's hard to write an "Action Adventure" book! The twists just keep on coming.
 I read "angels and demons" immediately after finishing "The  Da Vinci Code"... Maybe I shouldn't have... While I really enjoyed the research, the plot and the writing in Da Vinci, "Angels and Demons" failed to capture my attention the way Da Vinci did.<br/><br/>The research in both books is excellent... Da Vinci however had a lot more game and remains one of my favorite books to date...<br/><br/>As far as the content being objectionable to people of religious faith, one should be free to read whatever one wants, keep an open mind and forge one's own opinion...
 I have a problem with misleading books. Catholics are bashed regularly and this book was no different. The picture it paints is not a good picture. Lying, murdering,and other offenses against the 10 Commandments especially in the papacy.  We get bad rap as it is and we don't need more added to it.
 Dan brown is an exceptional writer but there isn't much need to read all three in this series. Especially since the last one was a total bomb, the da-vinci code is really missing the action this one contains.<br/><br/>Great plot twists with an interesting plot to begin with that can be clearly saught and followed. The movie actually did the book plenty of justice as well so if you want just go see that.
 When I first heard about the Da Vinci code I figured let me first read the first book beofre the start reading the second... (This is my first Dan Brown book) hence I bought Angels and Demons.. the name at first kinda seemed fruty but when I started reading the book boy was I wrong.. The book is writting on so much detail.. all the places mentioned in the book and everything... you could just tell that Mr. Brown has done some serious research for the book and about everything mentioned in the book.  All the places are based on real location and everything.  And the ending... wow.. keeps to hooked the last page!! I read Da Vinci code after this one.. but personally I liked this one better.. I am reading his Deception Point right now<br/><br/>This book honestly deserves 5 starts... I am really looking forward to read the next book that comes out.<br/><br/>"Mr. Brown I am you Fan."
 I had to laugh at the few low ratings by raving zealots. If you are a person, that has always asked "too many questions," this book is for you! Whether you are a Philosopher, Theologian, or Agnostic, this book is a welcome addition to your fiction collection. This book makes you think, so Fun-dam-entalists should probably skip this one. Right or Wrong, this book will get your wheels turning...which is all that really matters, right?<br/>As a voracious reader, I have read the best. "Angels and Demons" is a heart-stopping thriller that keeps you turning pages until you arrive exhausted at the end. You're truly "in on the chase." Improbable as it seems, Dan Brown has combined nuclear physics and antimatter with Renaissance art, old Rome and the Vatican. You conjure up the images in your mind, but the icing on the cake is Brown's Web site, which shows you the CERN facilities, the plane and then the exquisite artwork of Bernini and others as well as a peek inside the Vatican. It's a book that teaches, makes you think, and entertains, all at the same time. Few authors can accomplish that.<br/>If you are open minded and looking for those books begging for its pages to be turned...look no further. Read `Holy Blood, Holy Grail,' and ANYTHING by Ken Follett! I just read a copy of Edgar Fouche's 'Alien Rapture,' which also blew me away. Fouche was a Top Secret Black Program `insider', whose credibility has been verified over and over. Another fun book is Brad Steiger's 'Werewolf.  Want to be shocked, check out Dr. Paul Hill's 'Unconventional Flying Objects' which NASA tried to ban.<br/>For those who say this book goes against their beliefs and their dogma, consider this: The tip of the iceberg: Numerous authorities who had noted the errors in the K.J.V. such as William Kilburne (1650's) 20,000 errors, John Wesley (in 1755) 12,000 changes in the New Testament alone, the Revised Version of 1881 consisted of 36,000 errors and on and on. The NIV, RSV and The Living Bible are also replete with thousands of errors. Do some research! Buy this book, you will love it.
 If you have access to a library with the illustrated version - get it!! For me it added immensely to the story.<br/><br/>I read 'The Da Vinci Code' when it came out, and thoroughly enjoyed it. For some reason I wasn't interested in reading another Dan Brown book. I figured I'd be disappointed. Well I wasn't. Frankly, I think the story in Angels &amp; Demons was more intriguing.<br/><br/>This could be an incredible movie.
 After reading The DaVinci Code, I was curious to see what Robert Langdon would be up to in this book.  Although far fetched, this book takes Langdon from his place in Boston to Europe where a prominent scientist has been found murdered and that is just the beginning.  He then finds himself in the midst of an ancient society that has sworn vengenance on the Catholic Church and will get it no matter what the costs.  There is all the elements of a typical suspense novel, just sometimes it gets to be a bit unbelievable at times.  Overall, though a good read.
 I have always really enjoyed history so its no surprise that I loved this book. Although it made me love it even more, you don't really have to love history to love this book.  Its got a little bit of everything in it for all kinds of people.  Its a mystery thriller that takes the reader on a wild ride through modern Rome on a quest for an ancient path through the city that may hold the answer to a riddle that could reveal the fatal location of a bomb in Vatican City.  Its a fast pase, non-stop adventure through Rome as Robert Langdon, a proffesser of symbology at Harvard and Vittoria Vetra, the daughter of a Swiss phycisist who helped to create a potential lethal substance which now threatens the Vatican desperatly try to save the church. The many twists and turns will make you flip the pages desperatly to get some answers.  I finished this book in two days because I just couldn't put it down. This book is very well written, with a very likable lead character, Robert Langdon.  Read it, I promise you you'll love it! It is the prequel to Dan Brown's more famous novel, The Divinci Code which is also wonderful, although I liked this one a bit more. READ IT!
 It's one of the few books I'd take to Mars with me. It's highly entertaining and suspenseful. Bravo, Dan! The historical subject suits you well. However, the reader mustn't forget that Dan is basing his novel on a fiction, not on true facts. You still enjoy it, it's really masterfully written, but there is some literature I'd advise the reader to read simultaneously with A&amp;D to obtain some transparency: you may like "History: Fiction or Science?" by  Fomenko, a follower of great Isaac Newton, who proves the history of humankind to be falsified... In spite of the fact that Dan Brown bases his story on LIES, this is a book I really DO recommend. It's a thrilling fun to read it.
 This is one of Dan Brown's books that I have enjoyed tremendously.  He gives a lot of history about his characters and their deeds.  It gets a little slow sometimes but it was worth it.  Dan Brown is one of my favorite authors.  I hope that you will get a lot of enjoyment out of this book.  Try it!
 Bringing together the secrets of a long-lost, dangerous brotherhood with those of the all-powerful Catholic Church, and the differences of both men of science and religion, Dan Brown has created a thrilling novel full of twists and turns.  A novel so enticing that you will undoubtedly be pulled into its story so deeply as to read the entire 500+ pages in one sitting.<br/><br/> Robert Langdon, a Havard professor and world-known religious symbologist, is absolutely astounded to be awoken one morning to discover that a long-lost, ancient brotherhood, the Illuminati, is alive and murderously active.  Leonardo Vetra, a brilliant physicist for the Swiss research center CERN, has been brutally killed and branded with the symmetrical symbol of the word Illuminati.  The scientist's final discovery was antimatter, the most powerful and destructive energy source known to humankind, and it is now stolen, hidden somewhere beneath the ancient enemy of the Illuminati - the heart of the Catholic Church, Vatican City.  It is the night of the new pope's election and the whole of Vatican City is unknowingly sitting on a time bomb as Langdon and Vittoria, Vetra's beautiful physicist daughter, embark on a quest to find the antimatter and the ancient brotherhood.  Their search brings them along the 400-year-old path of the Illuminati, hidden throughout Rome's streets, pavilions, catacombs, art, and churches, to the final destination: the secret lair of the Illuminati.  Can Langdon and Vittoria find the antimatter in time to save the Catholic Church and Vatican City?  Can they stop the destruction of the Iluminati brotherhood?<br/><br/>  Brown's novel is one of my very favorites, and by far the best mystery I've read.  Though a bit far fetched, this story draws you in until you have no doubts and are striving to solve the mystery alongside the main characters before time runs out.  This is a read that you definitely do not want to miss.
 Bringing together the secrets of a long-lost, dangerous brotherhood with those of the all-powerful Catholic Church, and the differences of both men of science and religion, Dan Brown has created a thrilling novel full of twists and turns.  A novel so enticing that you will undoubtedly be pulled into its story so deeply as to read the entire 500+ pages in one sitting.<br/><br/> Robert Langdon, a Havard professor and world-known religious symbologist, is absolutely astounded to be awoken one morning to discover that a long-lost, ancient brotherhood, the Illuminati, is alive and murderously active.  Leonardo Vetra, a brilliant physicist for the Swiss research center CERN, has been brutally killed and branded with the symmetrical symbol of the word Illuminati.  The scientist's final discovery was antimatter, the most powerful and destructive energy source known to humankind, and it is now stolen, hidden somewhere beneath the ancient enemy of the Illuminati - the heart of the Catholic Church, Vatican City.  It is the night of the new pope's election and the whole of Vatican City is unknowingly sitting on a time bomb as Langdon and Vittoria, Vetra's beautiful physicist daughter, embark on a quest to find the antimatter and the ancient brotherhood.  Their search brings them along the 400-year-old path of the Illuminati, hidden throughout Rome's streets, pavilions, catacombs, art, and churches, to the final destination: the secret lair of the Illuminati.  Can Langdon and Vittoria find the antimatter in time to save the Catholic Church and Vatican City?  Can they stop the destruction of the Iluminati brotherhood?<br/><br/>  Brown's novel is one of my very favorites, and by far the best mystery I've read.  Though a bit far fetched, this story draws you in until you have no doubts and are striving to solve the mystery alongside the main characters before time runs out.  This is a read that you definitely do not want to miss.
 Dan Brown's thrilling prequel to The DaVinci code is a must-read for his fans.  Yet another blend of art, science and mystery, this action-packed adventure delivers excitement and intrigue.<br/>Robert Langdon becomes tangled up in a race to save the Vatican from a powerful and dangerous new scientific discovery.  He and his  new-found partner Vittoria Vetra, who is looking for answers for her father's murder, must decipher an ancient path that will lead them to secrets beyond their imaginations.<br/>As with The DaVinci Code, this is a work of fiction.  If you are looking for a book to critique details, then you will miss the fun of the book.
 If you like a good thriller, this is the type of of book that you read in the gym, while you dry your hair in the morning, fall alseep reading at 2 a.m., and read at stop lights. I couldn't put it down. The lovable Robert Langdon finds himself caught up in a plot to bring down Catholism.<br/>Can I give it more than 5 stars? Give it a read. You certainly won't be disappointed, and its a great lead-in to the infamous Da Vinci Code.
 After reading the very popular The Da Vinci Code, I have to read his other books.  I was not disappointed when I chose to read his first book, Angels and Demons.  It really takes a lot of guts to write about the Vatican city.  Dan Brown, as always did a lot of research on the topic.  This is another page-turner.  I just couldn't put my book down once I started reading the book.  I learned so much about the library inside the Vatican city, and even some customs and rules of the Catholic Church.  I am sure not every Catholic appreciates what Dan Brown wrote about, but as an objective Catholic, I have to say research was thoroughly done and not that many Catholics know as much as he does.  I definitely recommend this book.  If you like Da Vinci Code, you have got to read this one as well!!
 I bought this book after buying The Da Vinci Code because I saw the main character first surfaced here and I didn't want to miss what was supposed to be a terrific book.<br/><br/>While there's more hype than one nay-sayer such as myself can hope to overcome, I would like to point out a serious lack of technical knowledge by the author.  While I love techno-thrillers and even write my own, by page 20 I was ready to put this novel down forever.<br/><br/>Early in the book, the protagonist is flown in a super-secret hypersonic aircraft.  At the end of the flight he talks with the pilot about feeling bad.  The pilot, a character who should know what he's talking about, tells him that he is suffering from "altitude sickness" caused by ... wait for it ... the reduced gravity at 60k feet.<br/><br/>Okay, author's make mistakes, God knows I do, but even in high school physics we learned that gravity (being a 1/R**2 relationship) changes hardly at all because of a few thousand feet.  A person would not be able to detect the difference between sea level and 60k feet.<br/><br/>But that's not the worse thing.  Altitude sickness is caused by a reduction in the oxygen to the brain because of low ATMOSPHERIC pressure at altitudes starting around 20k feet.  Since aircraft are pressurized to 10k feet (the newer Boeing jets are pressurized to even lower altitudes) then no passenger would get altitude sickness unless the plane's cabin ruptured.<br/><br/>I'd like to say that this was the only technical flaw, but as soon as the author starts talking about anti-matter, he introduces more and more flaws in his physics and I gave up on the novel.<br/><br/>This novel and his others do have a wide appeal and many people won't notice all the flaws (and most won't care), but I expect my readers to call me on any technical flaw I make and I expect the same of my authors.
 Another incredible book by Dan Brown, and in some ways a prequel (cliché term of the decade) to The Da Vinci Code. This book is actually the introduction to Robert Langdon, the main hero of The Da Vinci Code. It gives you another shining example of his Vatican, cult, and symbollogy knowledge wrapped up in a very compelling adventure story of deceit, faith, attraction, protocol, and of course, Catholic history. Definitely a great story, but don't be fooled: You do not have to read it to understand any part of The Da Vinci Code.<br/>There are rare parts that could have moved a bit faster, but they do not greatly impact the anxiety and excitement of the book.
 Dan Brown's Angels and Demons is a fantastically brilliant novel with endless adrenaline rushes and mystery.  The story is set in Vatican City where Harvard professor Robert Langdon and physicist Vittoria Vetra venture across Rome in an attempt to save the priceless Vatican.  In doing so, they rediscover the age-old battle of religion vs. science and realize that religion and science can exist in harmony.  Angels and Demons is so entrancing that I could swear I was running across St. Peters Basilica while the warm Italian breeze blew past me as I read.  The Vatican became so familiar and the characters felt like old friends.  Few authors have the talent, ambition and skill of author Dan Brown.<br/><br/>Harvard professor of religious symbology and history, Robert Langdon is the reason I enjoyed Angels and Demons as much as I did.  Langdon is 40, unwed, lives alone, and is void of an extensive social life.  He's not exactly an ideal main character, but he makes up for it in charm and sense of adventure.  I first imagined him as young, handsome and outgoing and was admittedly disappointed to learn he was none of these things.  Yet, as I ventured further and further, I found that his being older and more down to earth was refreshing, instead of hindering the story "Although not overly handsome in a classical sense, the forty-year-old Langdon had what his female colleagues referred to as an  "erudite" appeal--wisps of gray in his thick brown hair, probing blue eyes, an arrestingly deep voice, and the strong, carefree smile of a collegiate athlete" (5).<br/><br/>And what is a man without his leading lady? In this case she is none other than the thin, attractive and intelligent Italian physicist, Vittoria Vetra.  Fortunately for the readers, tension between the two is unavoidable "Her face was unmistakably Italian--not overly beautiful, but possessing full, earthy features that even at twenty yards seemed to exude a raw sensuality" (50).  I was able to relate to the characters incredibly well.  Especially when they were in high intensity situations and casually comic moments "`This is the Pope's toilet,' he thought.  `I just took a leak in the Pope's toilet.'  He had to chuckle. `The holy throne'" (307).<br/><br/>The story begins with Robert Langdon on a morning as ordinary as any other.  Around 5:30am, Langdon receives a phone call from a frantic Maximilian Kohler.  Scientist Leonardo Vetra of CERN has just been murdered and branded with the infamous ambigram of the Illuminati.  Langdon is instantly thrown into the depths of mystery and an age-old feud between religion and science.  Leonardo Vetra's antimatter has been stolen and converted into the Vatican's ticking time bomb.  With the help of the beautiful Vittoria Vetra, Langdon travels across Rome in search of the antimatter and to save all those in jeopardy.  Will he solve the age-old mystery of the Illuminati and save the Vatican? Read Angles and Demons to find out!  I highly recommend it!
 There is a growing market out there for books that stimulate and make you think. I just picked up C.L. Bordlemay's The New Fauna, which is another story that sparks the question of what if like Angels and Demons (what if anti-matter was created and got into the wrong hands)and the Da Vinci Code did (what is Mary of Magdalen was Christ's bride....).<br/><br/>I read the Da Vinci code with my book club. They all liked it, but I didn't. So, we read Angels and Demons. They actually liked Da Vinci Code better, where I liked Angels and Demons better. That said, both books have similar plots, leaves questions hanging and have points that seem contrived and unbelievable. I wonder if this is taken artist's creative liscense, or poor research. The books also uses false suspense to keep you going. And it worked. The content and the amount of research he put in definitely shows (sometimes it felt like he wanted to make sure we knew he did research). This is an exciting book because it is a stimulating and face paced read. I think more books should be out there that spark conversation. Here's hoping Bordlemay's book is as provacative as Brown's were.
 If you're looking for a historical novel based on historically acurate and correct facts, this is not it.<br/>If you're looking for character depth and want to stay away from stereotypes, stay away from this book.<br/>However, if you're looking for a book that's fun to read, with a most creative and ambitious plot, you've found it.<br/>From this perspective, I must add it's too much like the Code but nontheless entertaining.
 The science buffs are critical and the religious buffs are contemptuous. The reviews are entertaining. Jealousy simply oozes from some. This book has been reviewed over a 1000 times and my guess is author Dan Brown is smiling.<br/><br/>The Pope is dead and it is time to select a new one. Unfortunately, others have plans as well. Enjoy the story without getting lost in the science and religion. It is entertaining, even if not entirely accurate. It is a novel after all!<br/><br/>This book stands on its own as a character prequel to the Da Vinci Code.
 I read this book after already reading The Da Vinci Code by the same author.  It seemed to me that both books started off strong, with good exposition and a compelling story line.  Unfortunately, both felt rushed and clumsy in the end.  It was as though the author were a student up against a midnight deadline and just whipped off a few last chapters to close.  Lousy endings, but a fun read for 80% of the book.
 This fast-paced, stream of action by Dan Brown is an extremely entertaining read.  This book operates on the principal of packing as much entertainment as possible while throwing out random scientific theories and facts.  It is the fusion of the fiction and action  with scientific jargon and vocabulary which appeals to the masses.  Overall the book is very entertaining, but should be aimed at audiences that are exclusively looking for a fictitious escape from their current reality.  This book should not be given any scientific or religious credit.  There is also a futile attempt at establishing a lesson about the scientific and religious communities getting along or coexisting.  The motivation for reading Angels and Demons should be purely for entertainment and not for any other motive.  The aspects of the book that contribute to its overall "quality" are character development, structure, and theme.<br/><br/>The character development in Angels and Demons was rather poor to say the least.  For the most part the characters were rather static and didn't go through any large transformations or radical changes.  The one exception is of course Robert Langdon.  He was able to have more courage and raw guts by the end of the book than he had at the beginning.  There was not a single other dynamic character in the entire book.  Even the villain never really changes.  He does give his famous speech, but he there is no real change in his character.  The character development is what works against Angels and Demons.<br/><br/>The structure of Angels and Demons is very innovative and interesting.  It is put together in a masterful way to keep action flowing and suspense rising.  It follows Frytag's Pyramid very closely in that there is the exposition followed by the rising action, etc etc.  The rising action is actually what comprises most of the book which is why it is so entertaining and difficult to put down.  There is a huge build up to the climax and the climax occurs so late in the book that this technique creates an entertainment masterpiece.  The structure of Angels and Demons is definitely a strong aspect of the book.<br/><br/>The theme of Angels and Demons is another semi-cheesy, semi-weak part of the book.  The theme is interpreted as the fusion of science and religion into a situation in which both is equally tolerated is the best possible situation with these seemingly two opposing institutions.  The actual message is a good one, but the delivery is a bit cheesy and could stand to improve.<br/><br/>The character development and theme are somewhat lacking in Angels and Demons, but the structure is outstanding.  For those looking purely for entertainment this is the book to read.  For those who demand a little bit more substance this is not a recommended book.  Overall it still receives a 4 out of 5 stars on the pure basis of entertainment and the fact that most people would thoroughly enjoy reading this book.
 The trouble with Dan Brown books is that you just can't put them down. And sometimes they scare the heck out of you. Thanks again for some really good reading
 On the level of any pure thriller, this book is certainly engaging and will keep you turning pages.<br/><br/>It is obvious that it is meticulously researched and plotted. Credit must be given for that. However, as the book nears it's conclusion, things get so outlandish, so preposterous and so completely removed from reality that I was extremely disappointed. It becomes a fantasy which given Brown's proud and careful researched-and-rooted-in-reality, "notes" in the beginning was an unexpected letdown.
 The book begins with Robert Langdon being waken up by a phone call. The caller wants Langdon to come to his research facility for a mysterious purpose. When Langdon refuses, The caller, Max Kohler, faxes him a picture of a dead man with a brand on his chest the says illuminati.<br/>Kohler calls back and Langdon says he will meet Kohler at his facility because he has studied the illuminati for awhile. Kohler said he has a jet ready for Langdon. When Langdon gets to the airport, he is greeted by a strange plane he has never seen before. The pilot said Langdon is going to Geneva, Langdon doesn't worry because there is a Geneva, NY. The pilot says they are going to Geneva, Switzerland. The pilot also said the plane went mach 15.<br/>Now let me speed things up. Langdon finds out that Kohler has a wheelchair(important later) and Langdon explains the history of the Illuminti to Kohler. Langdon finds out that the reseach facility is called CERN and created something called antimatter, which has gone missing. Langdon then meets Vittoria Vetra; daughter of the mudered man. Kohler gets a call from the vatican that says they have a canister(the antimatter) floating in front of one of their cameras. Langdon and Vittoria go to Vatican City to retrive the animatter, but that becomes a much harder task than intended.<br/><br/>I thought this book was beyond great. The book has both fact and fiction in it which is a very interesting mix. The downside of the book; if it got turned into a movie, it would be rated R. There is a total of 9 gory deaths and a mention of another death. To find out more about this book, read it and enjoy.
 The plot wasn't big, but his books are practically all expository dialogue. It goes: run away from the bad guy, then sit in the car/plane/train as Dan Brown's Sue sits and talks about random history mixed with conspiracy theories and explains how it's related to the current situation.<br/><br/>Anyway, people have made Dan Brown plot generators, so he's somewhat predictable, the main character's an idealized self-insert, and he goes heavy on the info-dumping. If you're expecting something high-brow, you'll be disappointed. If you're looking for a popcorn flick, you might enjoy it. I didn't like it, but sales don't lie; lots of people have enjoyed it.<br/><br/>Overall-Actually if you are going to start with one this is probably his best one so far.
 My one problem with some of the "plot-driven" books out there is this: hunky guy meets beautiful woman; together they work to unravel a mystery; they fall in love by books' end; all characters fit a formulaic mold. I have found his other books thought-provoking in the sense of what historical/comspiratorial/technological aspects he explores, but the writing is stilted and rote. There are long periods of exposition/explanation that are not very well utilized. It's as though the entire story stops to say, "Here's todays history lesson." It's not naturally realized. It's not enough to say it's "fiction"; why does Dan Brown feel compelled to explain everything to us, the readers?<br/>And the ending, well: melodramatic, over-the-top, sensationalistic, cliched.
 Robert Langdon is the main character in Dan Brown's Angels &amp; Demons. The book starts off with Robert awakening early in the morning because of a phone call. The caller identifies himself as Maximilian Kohler and insists that Robert gets on a plane that he is sending to him. kohler says he must speak with him at once and that it must be in person. Confused because of the strange situation, Robert disagrees and hangs up the phone. As he is walking away to go back to bed, he recieves a fax with 1 word on it. The word is "Illuminati." The word was found branded on Leonardo Vetra's Chest. He is a brilliant physicist. At this time, the reader does not know that the Illuminati are an ancient brotherhood known for their secrecy and ability to infiltrate organizations and get to high power with out anyone noticing. Unthinkably, the Illuminati are back to go through with one of its last promises: to bring down the Catholic Church. They threaten to do so with new technology; a bomb that is hidden in The Vatican City. Robert and Vittoria (daughter of Leonardo) set off to disarm it.<br/><br/>  There is much traveling in the story, so the book is very detailed in its settings of The Vatican City, and Rome. This is great because i felt like i was right along side the main characters while the plot unfolded. Also there is much artwork described in this book. I would not reccommend this book if you find art to be boring. This book deals with religion somewhat too, but you do not need to be a religious person to enjoy the story. Other than that i think everyone can enjoy this book as long as you like a good thriller that keeps you guessing till the end.
 My daughter recommended this book after I finished a disappointing book recently. After reading the title, "Angels &amp; Demons", I remembered thinking to myself, "Oh great, another horror story." Once I started reading, I realized how wrong I was to make that assumption. I really had a hard time putting the book down. The book gripes you from the very beginning and wouldn't let go. It's like a roller-coaster ride that takes you through every twist and turn. Just when you thought it was over, it pitches you into another dizzying turn.<br/><br/>The author mixed fact and fiction together so well that I had to do some research to determine exactly what was real: antimatter, CERN, Illuminati, Mach fifteen planes, Election by Adoration, etc. This was my first Dan Brown book, and now I plan to read all his other books.
 I read Angels &amp; Demons based on the fact that I liked The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown.I have to say I was impressed by that book and how it intrest me, I would say Angels &amp; Demons did as well. Which surpised me because I have never been to interested in any thing involing church.<br/><br/>The good quality this book has would diffently be its ability to grab your attention and hold on to it during the whole story. The book starts off with a murder victim just a couple of chapters into it. It also is very unpredictable, you never know what exactly is going to happen yet. With those qualitys it makes you want to keep reading it, at least it did for me, I read it in about a week.<br/><br/>The only poor quality i could say about this book is some of it is not beleiveable at all but it is science fiction so its not surpiseing. So i guess the only real poor quality it has is that some chapters were boring to me, like when people are just talking to themselves or walking around.<br/><br/>All in all I feel it is a very good read and everyone should at least try it out for the first couple chapters to see if you like it.
 I listened to this book when I walk doing my hour daily walk.  The only reason I enjoyed my walks was because of this book.  I looked forward every day to getting out on the streets so I could hear what exciting things were happening on the CD.  I loved the characters, the suspense and mystery, and the plot.  I was sad when the book was over and look forward to listening to another of Brown's books starting tomorrow.  Great book.
 I just finished this book last night and I must say it is amazing. I have read "The Da Vinci Code" a few weeks before because a friend lend it to me promising an excelent book. He was absoluletly right. Right after I devoured Dan Brown's Bestseller I wanted more of Robert Langdon's adventures, so the logical choice was "Angels &amp; Demons" I couldnt put the book down for three days! Its a rollercoaster of intrigue, excitement, mistery, art, science, religion, you name it!<br/><br/>I could even say that its even better than its sequel (Da Vinci Code), at least its just as good and a great read. This books have ignited in me a thirst for knowledge on the subjects they address, fortunately there are many books on those matters.<br/><br/>I suggest to check the works of art as reference as they are mentioned on the book (the internet is a great aid for this task), that makes the experience so much more enjoyable.
 One thing is for certain, the book shows that the Illuminati and the Church have been waring for a very long time. This novel revolves around the quest of fictional Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon to unravel the mysteries of a secret society called the Illuminati, and preclude a plot from annihilating the Vatican City using destructive antimatter. The story recounts the conflict between science and religion that brought the establishment of the Illuminati, and, after centuries of non-existence, the group is thought to have resurfaced for retribution against the Roman Catholic Church.<br/><br/>For the serious truthseeker, I recommend  ...].
 Mr. Brown apparently knows a best selling theme is hard to beat so here he keeps somewhat with the previous format:  a brutal murder, a beautiful woman who is a pseudo relative of the murdered man; the solving of a chain of puzzles required to stop a secret society from bringing ruin on modern religion, this time the Catholic church.  Sound vaguely familiar?<br/><br/>No plot spoiling here, you will have to follow the events which again occur within a matter of hours, not even days.  The plot twists are here which makes the read enjoyable and Mr. Brown's style is again excellent matching the teacher in him with the story teller.<br/><br/>Overall a good winter read, curled up in front of a big fire place with a heavy Afghan to keep the shivers from becoming too violent as the chase quickens.
 Went to this one because of Da Vinci Code. Then you start reading Angels and Demons and your suspections that Dan Brown is a fill-in-the-blanks mix-and-match writer quickly get confirmed. He's the Tom Clancy of secret societies. The story is not bad, but just more of the same...
 Very much enjoyed reading Angels and Demons. Book sets a fast pa e and continues with speed and risk throughout.
 Angles and Demons is one of the most breathless novels I have ever read. The author, Dan Brown keeps the reader glued to the book all the way to the end with its fast-paced religion, romance, science, murder, art and action packed plot. Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to a Swiss Research Facility lab to analyze a cryptic symbol burned into the chest of physicist Leonardo Vetra. Together, Langdon and Vetra's daughter Vittoria Vetra set out to save the city of Rome from the newest most powerful weapon of mass destruction ever created. From the symbol seared into the chest of the murdered physicist, Langdon discovers an unthinkable vendetta against the Catholic Church by a centuries old underground cult- The Illuminati. Langdon and Vittoria would have never thought they would be on the trail of a cold-blooded killer through sealed crypts, ancient cathedrals, and the secretive Illuminati lair.
 Love this novel!!! LOVE this author!!
 Angels &amp; Demons is one of those books that sucks you in with an intriguing, well researched (probably, I'm no expert on this stuff so it could all be made up for all I know) and well setup story that devolves in the last 200 pages into a run of the mill action story with a reluctant hero who cheats death and amazingly solves puzzles just in time. The ending is completely ridiculous, contrived and not believable in the slightest.<br/><br/>Dan Brown either really likes action pictures and wanted to write something Hollywood would pick up that makes a professor a suerhero, or found himself 300 pages in and not sure how to get out.<br/><br/>No question, Brown can write and can create interesting puzzles and good pacing to keep you interested and he certainly honed his craft for Da Vinci, but this ending left me in a foul mood, feeling cheated and very disappointed.<br/><br/>I spent a day on vacation for this ending?
 Angles and Demons is one of the most breathless novels I have ever read. The author, Dan Brown keeps the reader glued to the book all the way to the end with its fast-paced religion, romance, science, murder, art and action packed plot. Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to a Swiss Research facility lab to analyze a cryptic symbol burned into the chest of physicist Leonardo Vetra. Together, Langdon and Vetra's daughter, Vittoria Vetra set out to save the city of Rome from the newest most powerful weapon of mass destruction ever created. From the symbol seared into the chest of the murdered physicist, Langdon discovers an unthinkable vendetta against the Catholic Church by a centuries old underground cult- The Illuminati. Langdon and Vittoria would have never thought they would be on the trail of a cold-blooded killer through sealed crypts, ancient cathedrals, and the secretive Illuminati lair.
 Reading the synopsis, I saw the world "Illuminati" and I thought of the movie "Tomb Raider" (I don't know why), so I got the book, and read it. And this is one AWESOME book! It's the kind of book that keeps you guessing, pulls you in, making it hard to put the book down reading only half way! It's the kind of book that makes you keep guessing what's going to happened next. Reading this book, I felt like I was in Italy. And now that I've finished it, I really want to go to Vatican City to see everything mention in the book! Sadly, I would have to say, this book was probably better than "Da Vinci's Code". I highly recommend this book to anyone who likes a great thriller/mystery.
 If the reader is looking for a well-written story, full of mystery, action, surprises, that mix real facts with fiction with an unexpected exciting ending, this is the perfect book.  The plot is based on simbology, and the conflicts between religion and science, which leads to inumerous riddles that are solved by the end of the book.<br/> The story starts with the murder of a priest-scientist, Leonardo Vetra.  Then Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist is called because apparently a secret society, Illuminatti, is apparently responsible for the murder.  This society existed about 250 years ago, and they were scientists who did not the church to limit science studies.  Now, they are back and their goal is to destroy Vatican City with the power of the antimatter, a destructive substance, that they stole from Vetra after murdering him. Robert Langdon needs to stop Illuminatti, and only by reading the book the reader can find out what is going to happen.  This is the kind of book that once you start reading, you cannot stop.
 I read A &amp; D after finishing the Da Vinci code, and I must say that while both books are hard to put down the Da Vinci Code is Brown's better work overall. If you thought TDVC had a crazy ending then this ending will seem borderline-ridiculous... but not because of how controversial it is- rather because it's somewhat of a letdown to an exciting plot. A &amp; D will no doubt keep your interest because of the way it seems to resurrect an ancient secret society so perfectly and make it seem so real and threatening. You'll be amazed when you read some of the various historical tidbits on the Illuminati. I was also impressed by the amount of detail dedicated to Vatican City and its architecture, artwork, churches, etc. Thirdly, I liked some of the moral questions raised in the story- since science has advanced so much more rapidly than man's morality, should efforts be taken to control those advancements? Is man responsible enough yet for antimatter? Unfortunately however, I felt the ending was a weak way of resolving such an awesome conflict that had been building up since the first pages of the book.
 I had originally read the more popular Da Vinci Code first and was so impressed by the authors ability to captivate me within the first few chapters that I just had to check out his other offerings.  Angels and Demons, to start off, was a bit too similar to the Da Vinci Code; However, this quickly dissimilates and vears off into a plot line totally different, and thankfully most unexpected, than anything that I could have imagined.  There were a few points while reading the book that I thought I had it 'figured out'...especially having read the Code first, but to my surprise I was dead wrong, and it made the book that much more enjoyable.  For me, it put Dan Brown into the upper echelon of authors that I will read everything they write, for his novels are truly captivating and nothing short of an amazing ride from page one.  I guarentee you will not be dissapointed!  Oh...and another note, this book is FICTION, so all of the people who are upset by the little non-factual bits of erudite knowledge, pick up a text book and stop complaining.<br/>Also, if you are actually reading this...Considering I'm no. 804 or so, I congradulate you!  Enjoy the book!
 Although a more unknown book compared to THE DA VINCI CODE, Don Browns ANGELS AND DEMONS is a book which should have been made more well known and popularized than its big sister. ANGELS AND DEMONS is a profoundly written story of thrills, chills, and suspense which covers Robert Langdon and a group of people on a frantic chase to find a mysterious bomb which it tales would blow up Vatican City.<br/><br/>ANGELS AND DEMONS is a book to which you would enjoy. From the moment I picked it up I was hooked. From how Robert Langdon is awoken by a mysterious phone call up to and past the "miracle."<br/>I found some parts confusing though. Jumping from scene to scene repetitively was something to keep track of at times and needed a second read. It reminded me of  movie, a better version, but less understandable.<br/><br/>I enjoyed how scientific and religion based the book was written. Dan Brown magnificently wrote a book of both science and religion interlaced quite well. We showed the logical side of religion, but on the same side he gave back ground on the common idealistic religious occurrences as well. He went simplistically and formally with a great deal  of understanding when he went in depth with religious views and occurrences.<br/><br/>I enjoyed how Dan Brown wrote at a very educated level, but at the same time a modern-day teenager could understand the story. He gave the main character Robert Langdon the ability to be serious yet also give off a comic relief characteristic. He gives off a being a professor at Harvard University, but at the same time a man you could talk jokingly about something like the show Family Guy.<br/><br/>I over all found the book to most enjoyable and inspiring. I enjoyed it in the fact that even though it was a fictitious story it had some educated guesses and ideas, it was complex story you could understand, something you could relate too, me being a Christian myself, and wanting me to have to the ability and pushing me to have an even more broader and open mind on topics I do not know about. In turn from this, to not judge things as fast. I would recommend this book to anyone. From religious fanatics to atheistic peoples of science just to try to give them one perspective than what they commonly knew their whole lives.
 For the book Angels and Demons, there were several people and things that influence me to read it.  First of all my love for history and ancient religion played a crucial role in my decision to pick this book.  I have always been fascinated with recent and ancient conflicts that took place before my time.  Second my cousin Rick also influence me to read it, because he shares the same passion that I do about the medieval time period.  He is also very fond of literature that explores in detail, every side of an issue.<br/> To summarize the plot of the book without spoiling, a Harvard Religious Symbology Professor named Robert Langdon is called to the scene of murder in Europe.  When he leaves, he has no information or details on the subject.  A long lost brotherhood, that was thought to be extinct, has risen again and began to claim victims.  The brotherhood's infamy was due to the thought that they had discovered the secret to life.  The book follows Langdon's adventures in an attempt to solve the mystery of the secret cult.<br/>There were very few things I could criticize about the book, but some parts lagged in getting to the point.  Brown would become focused on side stories and take away from the main story.<br/>There are far more pros then cons though.  Dan Brown writes with great historical accuracy and detail.  The fantastic flow of the book can be attributed to its intertwining of storylines and characters.<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in a thriller with historical twists.  It ties in events from history to the plot.  People with a knack for renaissance and medieval time periods will get great enjoyment out of this book.
 People of the world, I say unto you... THIS IS FICTION. Are we next to begin disputing the quality Lord of the Rings because there's no possible way Middle Earth existed ("Well I'll be damned if there ever was an elf..."). This book, regardless of the wide ranging conspiricy theories (and their dubious validity) is fictional at heart, and only a fool would treat it otherwise. As to various complaints in regards to Dan Browns writing style, perhaps I'm on a different plane of understanding. From where I'm sitting, Dan Brown is a mighty fine writer. For the highest class of literates, perhaps Brown's language is too down to earth (aka. understandable), but I had no complaints, I I'm not just bragging when I lay claim to being well read, specifically in fictional novels. So take what you may from the book, and keep a One Dollar Bill handey (at one point in the book, your reaalllly going to want to look at one... you'll see) and enjoy.
 As a loyal reader of Brown before the popularity of The Da Vinci Code skyrocketed last summer, I can honestly say that this is my least favorite of his novels. While the premise of the story is interesting and the descriptions of Rome fantastic, the ending of this thriller is just too unbelievable for my tastes. It left me skeptical of Brown's abilities as a writer and made me wonder how he was able to write such a fantastic story of The Da Vinci Code after this bungle called Angels &amp; Demons.<br/><br/>Save some time and do yourself a favor: skip this Brown novel and head straight to The Da Vinci Code.
 Great book with lots of suspense. I would recommend this book to others. It shipped and arrived as expected.
 Dan Brown is a master of puzzles, and it shows in Angels and Demons.<br/>Some people may balk at the unlikelihood of some of the situations in this novel, but I thought they were really interesting quagmires of danger with very clever solutions.<br/>Even if there are inaccuracies in Angels and Demons, it is much more grounded in fact than The Davinci Code, and equally as entertaining; and it is certainly more factual than many other works of fiction.<br/>I highly recommend it. -Stephen Prins, author of: <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Strife-of-the-Lorin/dp/1434990788/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Strife of the Lorin</a>
 Dan Brown continues to amaze me, not just postively, with the way he writes his books.  Angels and Demons recieved a better reaction from me.  The plot itself seems only -slightly- familiar to me, oh! It was only used in Digial Fortress and The Da Vinci Code.  It's the same thing over and over again.  Man lies dying with a secret that he needs to pass on for the betterment of mankind.  They call in the Hero/Heroine to solve the case (in usually less than 24 hours!) and in the end the evil villan is one of the good guys.  Hopefully Mr. Brown can think up of a different way to write books soon!<br/><br/>Angels and Demons is the story about a missing canister of antimatter which has been placed somewhere in the Vatican City.  It's up to our hero, Robert Langdon and his sidekick the beautiful Vittoria to find it and save the world.  It's an ok plot, nothing too special.  I have nothing against the plot, its not that bad.  Would I consider it a page turner? No.  The only few problems I have with this book are its facts.  I don't think Mr. Brown ever took latin before.  Translating the latin on the dollar bill as "new secular order".  Funny, when I translate it, (I've been learning/translating latin for about 5 years) it turns out to be 'new order of the ages'.  Wow those really different meanings! Of course, there's always the possibility that seclorum has a less used meaning that I don't know.<br/><br/>If you like Dan Brown, then I recommend this book.  It's one of the better books he's written.  If you're looking for a book that will make you think, well... keep looking.
 Dan Brown again engaged me into reading nonstop....just a couple hours I confess I had to sleep!  I had some moments to research some of the references made to the architecture, art, tourist spots, modes of transportation and even some of the chemicals used for explosives!!!!  I also had interesting reading on the current changes to the Catholic church. I would encourage reading this novel to those that like adventure and especially if you have ever visited Rome.
 This is the first book I have ever chucked across the room in frustration.  After reading the Da Vinci Code, I figured I was in for more of the same.  I can't stand Dan Brown's writing style, but enjoyed the plot and factual background of the story.<br/>Angels and Demons has about half the historical and factual background as the DVC, and the plot is a million times more ridiculous.  Too many twists and turns.  I'm all for poetic license, and can shrug my shoulders at a few "well that would never REALLY happen" moments, but this book is just silly.
 "Angels and Demons" is a fabulous book that is breath taking and enchanting as well.  Dan Brown developed the plot line very thoroughly and had wonderful detail that added to the overall scheme of the novel.  FOr example, when Brown describes the overall feeling as he entered the Archive Vault of Galileo in the Vatican Archives.  Such imagery makes the reader feel that they are right next to Langdon.<br/><br/>  Though a little slow in the beginning of the book, symbologist Robert Langdon's journey picks up as he meets Vittoria and travels to Rome.  I enjoyed the side romance in the novel in combination with the drama. Also, i enjoyed the historical background presented in the book; it made it seem only more realistic and possible.  The best drama books are ones where you know that it could happen in real life.  Therefore it is easy for the reader to relate to the plot line and characters.  I have an interest in history of the renaissance period anyways which made the book even more fascinating to me.  The clash between the church and the scientists back then and in Brown's novel can also be applied to todays society as the two groups continue this on going battle over topics as evolution.<br/><br/> I enjoyed the setting of the novel in Rome and the foundation of christianity; Rome and the Vatican Church.  The death of the pope and gathering of all the cardinals to choose a new heir also added more drama to the plot line.  The arab terrorist was a little stereotypical though but im not sure if that may have something to do with the history background of the Hassassins and Illuminati.<br/><br/> But all in all I enjoyed this book very much and i cant wait to move on to the "Da Vinci Code" and watch the new movie as well. :D
 As of an angel, with glowing wings illuminated in flight, "Dan Brown's" pen once again graces the page with utmost elegance and brilliance in, "Angels and Demons." From the start, the book is a fast paced thriller with, like most of Brown's works, an outsider being pulled into a world of secret societies to do some unbelievable feat. The books settings are fantastically detailed and have information, which has been researched thoroughly by Brown. Unlike his other novels, the characters in this novel have rather vague descriptions and are left that way until about page two hundred or so. The plot, which thickens from page one is and entirely different matter. Robert Langdon, an occult specialist is sent to Rome to explore the meaning of the death of a world-renowned scientist, when he meats this mans daughter. Vitoria Vetra is a young scientist working with CERT, a science facility of amazing proportions. Together they plunge into the world of an ancient, and supposedly dead society, the Illuminati.<br/>From this point on the book climbs to it's apex, and then just as the reader suspects the ending, Brown rips the floor out from under you with an extraordinary twist. Overall Brown's writing is superb! What the story lacks in character development it makes up for, ten-fold, in it's unique plot, and just plain fascinating information. The book is one of the most highly informative, and well-researched books that I have ever had the privilege of coming across. Brown's knowledge of Illuminati secrets, maps, and rituals did not in any way fail to astound me. This book is a must read for any one who has ever wondered about ancient societies, i.e. Masons, Illuminati, etc. I found it utterly fascinating from start to finish.<br/>"Angels and Demons" is written with a series of story lines that all lead in separate paths, but then begin to intertwine near the climax of the book. The flowing writing style, and is with which the author writes is unparalleled by any one of his time. In this book Brown once again pushes the envelope with new ground breaking material that is comparable to his best seller, "The Da Vinci Code."<br/>The book has shortcomings, although few, they came near the beginning of the book and were noticeable. I found the pace to be rushed, and the author could have exercised slightly more patience in opening the story. Brown gives beautiful detail, but leaves little room in his story to create any real relationships between any of the characters, excluding the obvious love, which Robert and Vitoria feel toward each other. The books greatest asset can also be viewed, as it's greatest fault. Brown spends the majority of his time explaining in enormous detail, the settings and the information, which he has attained about the ancient group, the Illuminati. Though the detail is fascinating, it becomes slightly tedious near the middle to later half of the book in which Robert and Vitoria are on the trail of an Illuminati operative.<br/>Despite what I disliked with the book, I am sure that this book will one day be held in the same stature as works by the classic authors of great American literature. Brown has never failed to hold true to the incredible expectations he has set for his readers to enjoy. Reading this book was truly a pleasure and I would highly recommend it to any person who wants not just a book put a true piece of art.
 lots of people will read the da vinci Code before angels and demons and will say its just a copy of da vinci code but it came first. i read angels and demons first so i prefer it to the da vinci code. the plot just seems more original to me than everyone else who reviewed it so maybe its me. its an excellent book with waaaayyyyy more info about catholicism and the vatican than most catholics can tell you (i should know since i'm catholic).<br/><br/>the story's about robert langdon, a symboligist who is a expert on the illuminati, an ancient brotherhood from the 1500's. he has to save the vatican city from destruction by a super-bomb but naturally he's accompanied by a drop-dead hot scientist. they have to unlock codes and messages created by galileo to save the church but in the end the real threat to the church comes from within. i wont say anymore so i dont give it away. this is a kick a** book so buy it! the B0R3DR0CK3R told you too!
 Unfortunately I read Da vinci code first so when I started reading this book, I was thinking that it must be the same book with slightly different circumstances. Even in the begining when Langdon was woken up by a phone call, the same story with the beginning of Da Vinci Code when he was woken up by the police asking him for help.<br/><br/>With this in mind, I kept on reading but then after Langdon found another body, gruesomely murdered and then met his victim's daughter, I said enough. I am not interested to read more.<br/><br/>I was really looking forward to this but I am not a fan of formulaic writing, especially for suspense, mystery type.
 Certainly this work of Dan Brown is as exciting as the others.  I love the mention of many of Rome's hot spots and the mystery and intrigue inside the Vatican.  There was nice reference to the protocol involved in electing a new Pope.  I read this just before Benedict was elected, and found that some of the references were extremely helpful in understanding the election process.
 Excellent read...one of those hard to put thrilef.  I high!y recommend.
 If you've already read The DaVinci Code by Dan Brown, the first couple hundred pages of this book will feel very familiar.  I had a hard time getting in to the book at first because I saw so many similarities in the two books I felt like I was reading The DaVinci Code again.  But I stuck it out and I'm glad I did...it was a great book with lots of unexpected twists.  The ending was a bit predictable, but still a worthwhile read.
 With his elegant writing style and intriguing facts, Dan Brown has sent me once again on an epic journey through his novel, Angels &amp; Demons.  The book is fast paced from page one, building with every chapter.  I have read all four of Dan Brown's novels and I personally believe that this book is his finest, measuring up to even The Da Vinci Code, Brown's most popular book.  What I love about this book is all of the information you ascertain.  There's all of the beautiful artwork and structures that you get to picture with your imagination.  Each of the places that the protagonist Robert Langdon and his partner Vittoria Vetra visit are full of extravagant structures that most people will probably never get the privilege to visit.<br/><br/>The main problem with the book is its lack of character development.  It's difficult to understand the characters and their motives until you're halfway through the book.  The plot, on the other hand, makes up for the weak character development.  The books main character, Robert Langdon, is sent to a Swiss research facility to discern the hidden meaning in a symbol saying "Illuminati" branded onto a murdered man, Leonardo Vetra.  He and Vetra's daughter, Vittoria, go on a journey to find a substance called antimatter that will blow up the Vatican at midnight.  They visit many churches, chasing after an assassin that kills a cardinal every hour, yet they are always one step behind. In the end there is one final twist that turns everything around and makes you question who you can still trust.<br/><br/>What is such an amazing theme in this book that reoccurs countless times is the duality of nature.  White and black, yin and yang, matter and antimatter, all of these are complete opposites and always in twos.  Another spectacular thing Brown does are his ambigrams, words that when turned upside down look exactly the same right side up.  He created an ambigram for the words "angels and demons, illuminati, earth, air, fire, and water."  Once I realized that he used duality as one of his themes in his book, so many things I read in his novel involved pairs.<br/><br/>Though many people have disliked this book because of its rushed plot, I am personally fond of that style of writing.  For example, when I read The Lord Of The Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien, I was amazed by the fact that he had created a whole world separate from our own.  I found, though, that the book was difficult to read at times because of its ten page descriptions. Angels and Demons is definitely a book that you would want to read while sitting next to a computer to look up all of the information that Brown informs us of.  I believe that this book will compare favorably to other classic novels.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who wants to read a novel that is truly a piece of beauty.
 An enjoyable work of fiction in almost exactly the same mould as the "Da Vinci Code". However, whereas the Da Vinci Code had some semblance of truth (except for swallowing the Priory of Sion hoax), "Angels and Demons" runs headlong into the same old tired conspiracy theories. The Illuminati was a philosophical brotherhood founded by Adam Weishaupt in Bavaria in 1776. The Enlightenment rationalist ideas of the Illuminati were, in fact, brought into Masonic lodges where they played a role in a factional fight against occultist philosophy. The Illuminati was suppressed in a series of edicts between 1784 and 1787, and Weishaupt himself was banished in 1785. The "All Seeing Eye" is in fact more of an occult (i.e. hidden) reference to the Hindu "Eye of Shiva" than a shining delta! Brown does a huge disservice to truth by claiming that the Brotherhood of the Illuminati is fact, as though it somehow still exists. Nevertheless, he packages his tale very well and takes most readers along for the ride. Enjoy it, but don't believe it. Or, at the very least, do your own research!
 Unlike the Top Reviewer, I believe this book was great. WHO CARES that the latin was wrong. If you want to read something where everything is perfect the way you want it write your own book! The plot twists are definately neccesary, and make the book possible. As for the Mach 15 plane, BROADEN YOUR MIND. What is the point of a Sci Fi Adventure book if something in it is not possible! What do you want, something like this? "The plane ride took 11 hours, and the connecting flight came in late. By the time he had talked to Kohler and flew to Spain, the pope and the whole of Vatican City had been demolished." The first review is fairly pointless, and only makes sence for Latin Proffesors who double in editing. A very fun book, and an interesting ending
 Obviously, it's a work of fiction. Obviously, after about 400 pages, the story gets somewhat over the top. And yes, being a classicist specialized in Roman art, I simply *know* that some things are, well, slightly off. And, OK, there are some horrible grammatical mistakes in the Italian sentences. But... it's exciting, it's thrilling, it's cleverly composed and smoothly written. I recommend everone interested in art/history OR just a very riveting story to sit back, kick of your shoes and read it, because it's definitely a page-turner, that qualitatively seems to surpass The Da Vinci Code.
 ...and to stave off the boredom of the in-flight movie ("Win a Date with Tad Hamilton"), I picked up this book from the little airport newstand during my layover. I knew about frenzy over DaVince Code...but I have this "thing" about reading a book, just because everyone is raving about it, but as this was the "prelude", and the in-flight was really mind-numbing...I picked it up.<br/><br/> I was STUNNED! I was completely sucked into the book by the third chapter, and the background on the Illuminati was facinating! It's fast-paced, energetic, engaging, and it almost makes you feel breathless as you follow the characters race around Rome!<br/><br/> I liked Brown's way of delivering the background and history of the Illuminati and the characters - direct but without preaching. You can't ever tell if he is on the side of the church or of science - the way he presents both sides was fair and touching (I'm strongly athiest, but I got teary during one scene at the Vatican).<br/><br/> However, the foreshadowing was a little heavy-handed, and the ability and resilience of the hero was a little far-fetched (a little too movie hero-ish)...but that's just me pet peeve...<br/><br/> I finished the book in 3 1/2 hours - the last chapter as the plane was getting ready for decent --- and not once was I irritated by my seat-mate's smelly feet (why do people take off stinky shoes on the plane? Clean feet people, clean feet!) - which should say much about how this book absorbed my attention and concentration!!!<br/><br/> I actually now want to read the DaVince Code (shhh...don't tell anyone!)...I recommend this for a great flight or vacation book!
 I love to read books and have read many wonderful books by great novelists like Fred Forsyth, Robert Ludlum, Stephen King, Alistair MacLean to name a few. All I can say about Dan Brown and his book is that it is very amateurish and I do not understand what the hype is all about. I guess to the average reader; free masonry, illuminati and the influence they have in our society may have a huge "wow" factor.  From the time of King Solomon's death this sect has been in or around civilization for centuries. If you want to read a more detailed account instead of this drivel by Danny B, check out this site at: http://www.harunyahya.com/globalfreemasonry_introduction.php I would also suggest you read his other books all available for free. BTW, I do not work for Harun Yahya, simply directing dear readers to an interesting site.
 I puchased this book at a second hand book sale. The cashier told me this was a good book, that I wouldn't be able to put it down. Well, she was right! From the first to the especially the last chapters the book just captivated me. Usually I'll read to a certain time at night because of work the next day, but as I neared the end, I stayed up well past my bedtime...and it was worth it. As a result, I'm ordering Dan Brown's other two books: Da Vinci Code and Inferno. I've also ordered the DVD of Angels and Demons. Can't wait to get my books!
 As the prequel to the Da Vinci code, and just as good, I definitely recommend everyone to read this book. Like the Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons has amazing suspense and thrilling and mind-twisting endings up until the last page. This book I think is very controversial to any Christian reader, but I think that we should all step outside our own religion bubble, to just see how amazing it is to watch people try and destroy something so well established. I think Dan Brown is a writer that I totally disagree with in terms of the religious aspects, but one of my favorites because of simply the way he writes the book. I also think that it is important to see his view as an author; why would he write something like this? As a Christian, it would be hard for me to believe in such things as illuminati, corruption of the church, etc, and I think that Brown writes these things so that we can all see from the outside, and to be a little more open-minded. Even through all this, I still recommend his books, not to believe in what he says, but to enjoy his style of writing.
 I'd have given it 4 stars if I hadn't read the Da Vinci Code first.  This is just a rough draft, with all the same themes.  Brown is superb at pulling together bits and pieces from different disciplines.  Some of the bits and pieces here are scientific, though, and they are very shaky.  I just hope his art history and religious symbolism are better.  The most amusing is his assumption that readers will never have heard of the CERN, which is a bit like supposing they've never heard of NASA.  Oh well, Dan, if you read this,  it was a good read, and I'm just jealous as hell of your money.  I'm sure you want to rid the world of jealousy... a word to the wise....
 If your the type of person that can often be found outside staring into space pondering about the endless possibilities of the universe then Angels &amp; Demons is the perfect book for you. Of course, I sure hope you care nothing about the characters because you wont know too much about them.<br/>Unfortunately you wont be getting to know anyone in the book to well, in fact, I still don't know what any of them might look like- Although I know that the mad scientist is in a wheelchair.<br/>The characters aren't the important part here though. What's truly important is the super-SUPER-sonic jets, the mysterious anti-matter, and other advanced technology Dan Brown uses in this book. I think Brown uses this technology that normal citizens don't know about to add mystery to his books.<br/>Besides lack of character development, Brown has created a magnificent novel. The plot is like an endless labyrinth of twists and dark corners, and even dark caverns filled with dead disciples.<br/>So if you dont have anything else to do, but stare at the sky, or watch for hyper sonic jets, read Dan Brown's "Angels and Demons".
 "The image on the page was that of a human corpse. The body had been twisted, facing completely backward. On the victim's chest was a terrible burn. The man had been branded . . . imprinted with a single burn . . . 'Illuminati,' he stammered, his heart pounding. It can't be . . ."<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, a college professor of religious iconology, was asked to fly to CERN, a secretive scientific building in Switzerland, to analyze an ancient symbol that was branded into the chest of a great scientist. The group responsible for the scientist's death, Illuminati, also stole an object more explosive then a nuclear bomb and, as Langdon later found out, was hidden somewhere deep in the Vatican City or Rome.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons, by Dan Brown, was an action-packed, thrilling end, suspenseful book that I could not put down. The plot's twists, turns and shocking ending kept me on the edge of my seat. This book was one of the best I have ever read. I plan on reading The Da Vinci Code, by Dan Brown, to see what Robert Langdon's next exciting adventure will be.
 I don't mind authors applying artistic license to the facts--it is, after all, fiction. But I do mind sloppy storytelling. I think that's what this is. It seems that character development and great writing were ignored in favor of action/pace. It's obvious that Dan Brown is a decent storyteller, just not a fabulous one. He knows the elements of good thrillers: setting high stakes, pitting good-vs-evil (even when there is a graying or blurring of them), making the solution time-critical (the ticking time-bomb), a sympathetic protagonist. He just doesn't pull all of it off that well. And there's some ridiculous action toward the end that made me want to throw the book across the room. Is it trash? No, bit there are a lot better suspense/thriller novels out there.
 I have never written a review here, but this book is so good that I felt I should say something about it.  After reading "The Da Vinci Code" I ran out and bought "Angels &amp; Demons".  The action is fast and you feel the need to keep turning the pages.  I find that all of the historical data makes the book even more exciting and I loved the peek inside the Vatican.  Make sure that when you start reading this book you have the time to keep reading, because you won't want to put it down.
 With non-stop action, plenty of historical information and a touch of ethnic tensions Angels &amp; Demons mesmerized me from start to finish.<br/><br/>Though first released in 2000, Brown had some appreciation for Muslim fundamentalism. He shrewdly used it in creating the sinister Hassassin. This character captivated me whenever he reappeared in the story. Turning out to be simply a hired-hand for Langdon's secret arch-nemesis, however, is a bit deflating.<br/><br/>Brown's knowledge on Rome, Vatican City and the Illumati is very impressive. I had learned a great deal from reading the book, and it proved to be a handy guide on the process of Conclave as Pope John Paul II passed away.
 CHAPTER 1<br/>I don't mean for this to be a spoiler, but since when did<br/>artificial insemination qualify as the epitome of scientific technology? I mean (not to be crude), but it is no more complicated a technology than a turkey baster. I would have thought that, for all Mr. Brown's arcane knowledge on medieval minutiae, he might have heard of egg-harvesting, in vitro fertilization, donor wombs,cloning, etc; technologies that may have been worthy of bent-knee awe and reverence with philosophical underpinnings.<br/>CHAPTER 2<br/>But artificial insemination? It would be as if Digital Fortress was about a really big abacus that had a couple of missing beads.<br/>CHAPTER 3<br/>Having recently read The DaVinci Code, Angels and Demons, and Digital Fortess in that order, I think I'm about ready to write a best-seller "thriller" of my own. It is almost paint by numbers. It works, but I just can't seem to get that Elvis on Velvet taste out of my mouth now.<br/>CHAPTER 4<br/>This is about as formulaic as it gets. You can see the story board starting with a clever ending and work backward to have all the pieces fall into place. Clue, if you like a secondary character in the first 50 pages in any of those books .... well, I wouldn't want to spoil it for you, but I bet you catch my drift.<br/>CHAPTER 5<br/>Perhaps Danny could throw us a curve next time and just have everyone "play it straight". Now, THAT would be a suspenseful read - waiting for that quirky surprise that never comes to pass.<br/>CHAPTER 6<br/>The historical research is excellent and gives an interesting perspective on what you might have in your mental world view database.<br/>CHAPTER 7<br/>Good books to read waiting between episodes of Monk if you're into that sort of thing.
 Here again (or should I say, before, since the book was written earlier than "The Code") Dan Brown shows himself a master storyteller. Clearly, the themes of the book are less controversial: (1) particle physics; (2) anti-Catholic secret societies; (3) world conspiracy; however, the formula is similar.<br/>The book however, has a greater degree of fiction, which perhaps is why it has not attracted the public attention as much as the "Code".
 This was my first Brown novel. I was looking for a copy of The Da Vinci Code when I bought this one.<br/>Pick a cozy spot to read and get ready to go on an adventure! Dan Brown takes you on an incredible journey to another fascinating country where mystery and horror are combined to make a non-stop action thriller! Just when you think you figured out the twist Dan Brown brings it to another level...boggling the mind. This is a definite must read and keep for your personal library! Enjoy!<br/>I enjoyed this book SO MUCH that I felt compelled to write a review. I could not put this one down. It had me from the start. I will read many more of his books in the future. It was a terrific read from the first chapter to the last.<br/>I looked at the first 100 reviews and just couldn't understand the negative reviews. I read two or three bokks a week and have for three decades. This week I also read 'Alien Rapture' by Brad Steiger and was wowed by it. I listened to his co-author on the Discovery Channel and just had to read it. Also just finished 'Crossfire' by Jim Marrs which is the all time best selling non-fiction book about the Kennedy assassination. Check them out and buy this book!
 My first Dan Brown read, and the book that hooked me on his works. Angels and Demons starts out with a cryptic murder that quickly evolves into a battle of wits against foes of the Catholic church, who seem to have been waiting centuries for revenge. You may not think much of the book from that description, but things get better: The bad guys have stolen an antimatter storage unit, which, when detonated, can vaporize a city. Even though the good guys are well-armed, possessing a symbologist and scientist, the villains have a deadly assassin and seem to be impossible to get hold off. Brown keeps this book at a breakneck pace, filling it with information that you must read to believe. He even manages to switch roles: Instead of the scientists being godless, the dead guy at the beginning is a former Catholic priest! If you're looking for something to challenge your opinions about the age-old science-vs-religion stories, this is it.
 I had trouble putting this book down, it is that great.  Much better than the DaVinci Code, Dan Brown writes another tale (actually DaVinci's prequal) in the same style and subjects.  The Illuminati, an ancient brotherhood vowing to redirect the church plays the antagonist and Robert Langdon the same unlikely hero is forced into the plot to save the Catholic Church.<br/><br/>The setting of this novel is set in Rome, and this summer I actually found that they have "Angels and Demons tours" in which they show you all the places appearing in the book.  Quite interactive!
 I read Da Vinci Code first and was highly ticked at how it ended.  But...<br/><br/>This one was beyond my expectations.  I'm not one to spoil the ending for myself, like many of those who gave it a one-star; nor did I put my religious beliefs in the midst to block any critical judgement of the book.<br/><br/>It's a great read, well-crafted story and would recommend this book over Da Vinci Code anytime.
 I think the worst part about this book is that people are considering everything it says as absolute truth. It's FICTION, folks, an old-fashioned thriller. Old fashioned is right: I felt as if I were in one of those boys' adventure books from the early 1900s, where Our Hero goes rushing from one crisis to another and emerging relatively unscathed by great turns of luck, complete with secret codes. All Dan Brown did was toss in some violence, sex, religious mumbo-jumbo and phobias, and voila, Tom Swift reborn!
 It is a good read flowing the characters as they solve a mystery puzzle and narrowly escape death over and over in a period of just a few hours.  Some of the story is  bit of a stretch and certainly leaves the real world now and then.  It takes a little extra imagination to accept the story.  It borders on comic book style stories ala Indianna Jones.  I enjoyed the book and look forward to "Da Vinci Code".
 I read this book after the Da Vinci code and as others have indicated, I too was very surprised as I did not expect this to be as good.  I enjoyed the quick pace of the story, the diverse subject matter, or anti - matter :) and the plot and descriptions of the Vatican were well worth the price of the book.  The jump from the plane was a bit much, not even a broken bone, but I forgive him because the rest was very enjoyable.  I appreciated as well that I didnt have to read either book in any other to enjoy them both completely on their own.
 I read Angels and Demons AFTER I read The Da Vinci Code. I would say that I am glad I read the Da Vinci Code first, because it is almost the same premise as Angels. Waking up at a ridiculous hour by a mysterious phone call. Beautiful, intelligent woman...trip that leads to only God knows where. Same. Personally, I felt that the Da Vinci Code's overall topic was more interesting, but Dan Brown uses the same intriguing histroical facts here too. I want to caution readers about some reviews that call this book religious. It may take place in something religious, namely the Vatican...but it is by no means preachy or biblical. Like I said...good...but not great
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. As did my wife who read it a few months before me. We both agreed that a particular action point toward the end of the book was so unrealistic that it was almost a downer. Besides that, a lot of fun.<br/>We've also both read the Da Vinci Code and I have similar compliments for that book too. But for both books, I would stress that if you are looking for factual and complete information on history, science or religion, please, please, please do not turn to Dan Brown alone. He can spark your interest, but please do your homework and find respected sources that know what they are talking about. Remember Dan Brown is a fine novelist and he has done enough research to make his novels compelling, but this does not make him a scholar or an authority figure on history, religion or any other sphere outside his range of competency.
 Certainly an action-packed, grab you by the **** kind of book that fires you along to the end.  Most of the action takes place in the span of one day; all of it within two, so with 569 pages you can imagine how much action is jammed into every moment there is.<br/><br/>The narrative follows intellectual savant Robert Langdon and the alluring, resolute Vittoria Vetra as they journey through a series of puzzles, intrigues, political conspiracies and general mayhem.<br/><br/>The references to churches and the Vatican give the book an appreciated dimension of authenticity.  While things go a bit over-the-top at the end, the book is fun and a good read nonetheless.<br/><br/>Great entertainment.
 Great read. Very entertaining and hard to put down.
 Robert Langdon is a great character; intelligent and insightful. Really enjoyed the Illuminati as an arch villain, although I'm sure the Catholic church wishes Brown would come up with some other organization to focus on.
 I bought this book not knowing what to expect.  I have never read any of Dan Brown's books and i loved it.  It kept me on the edge of my seat and completely mystified about what would happen next.  It flows a little differently, each chapter from the perspective from a different characters point of view, but after the first couple of chapters, it is very easy to follow.
 Religion and Science can co-exist in the same world..Or can they??? At what price??
 I read Angels and Demons after finishing the Da Vinci Code. It was such an interesting and fast book that I decided to look up other books by Dan Brown, this was how I stumbled upon Angels and Demons. This book is highly recommended to people looking for a suspenseful and quick mystery. But after reading both books I decided that if you have read one, you¡¦ve read them all.<br/>Before Harvard Symbologist Robert Langdon solved the Da Vinci Code, he had to crack the mystery of the resurrected Illuminati clan, a secret brotherhood that supposedly disappeared and now resurfaces to take control. Angels and Demons the enthralling prelude of the number one bestseller Da Vinci Code written by Dan Brown is an even better read than the best selling sequel. Angels and Demons kicks off with a midnight phone call to Robert Langdon following a murder of a high leveled scientist. Langdon then goes on and joins Vittora Vetra, the daughter of the murdered scientist, in search of the killer.<br/>Angels and Demons is very similar to the Da Vinci Code, both books start with a murder and a midnight phone call, then Langdon goes on a chase after the murderer with the victims daughter. The page-turning suspense that builds up early in the book quickly dies after the object of desire is revealed. When the readers find out what the Langdon is searching for, the book stops becoming a rush of information. Towards the end the book becomes very predictable, almost as if it were a movie in words. This thriller is a great book in general and is good for a fast suspenseful read.
 While Robert Langdon, a religious historian, was settling down for a night of relaxation, he was disturbed by a most interesting phone call. Dismissing the call as a hoaxer, Langdon proceeded to again try to relax. As soon as he got comfortable, a most disturbing picture appeared on a fax. The body of one of the world's most brilliant men lie mangled with the ambigram with one work on the body, ILLUMINATI, burned into his chest.  All of Langdon's knowledge of religion now would be put to the test in an effort to keep an ancient promise from being fulfilled, the destruction of Vatican City by the satanic Illuminati.<br/><br/> Dan Brown's Angles &amp; Demons intrigues the mind into a tale wrapped in history. Dan Brown's book brings fact, theories, and a bit of fiction into his story. From the prologue the story erupts into a series of happenings that finally leads to a total absorption into the book. Dan Brown's style is to wrap a story around scientific facts and theories; although relativity unknown facts, Dan Brown explains the science behind the theories and facts making it easy to understand. The novel has details such that you aren't left blank and not having enough to drown out the story. Dan Brown's novel truly leaves an  in the reader's mind.
 Dan brown woke up late one sunday afternoon and realized he needed to turn a book into his publisher by 8am monday morning. so what did he do...? he wrote this book.<br/><br/>if you have read his da vinci code, i highly suggest you do not bother to read this book. if you compare the two you will see how PAINFULLY obvious his formula is for writing. it's like mad-libs of books. throw in a proper noun here, a verb there, and hope it turns out funny in the end.<br/><br/>this book is silly at best; aggrivating and frustratingly bad  at its worst.<br/><br/>i couldn't stand the corny lines that he tried to pass for humor. "you've never been to bed with a yoga master" holy cow. i almost lost my lunch after i read that crappy line.<br/><br/>and if he uses the phrase 'sat bolt upright' one more time i'm gonna rip out my hair.<br/><br/>if you do not want to ruin the ending of this book, i suggest you do not read it at all.
 This controversial novel is one of mystery and suspense. Taken place during our time period, we follow Harvard graduate and world renowned symbologist, Robert Langdon on his journey to find out why and how a mysterious symbol from an ancient brotherhood has resurfaced. Although he begins his journey at a very secretive Swiss research facility, his journey takes him deep inside Vatican City. this page turner keeps you in suspense after every chapter, it is almost impossible to put this book down. It is recommended for adult readers for language and controversial issues.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons is one for those who love suspense. It is also a good read for those who love to read historical fiction. Dan Brown does an excellent job of keeping the reader interested and wanting to know more about what happense to Robert Langdon and his comrades. Within the first few paragraphs of the novel, you can tell that this book will keep you wanting more. How often in a novel does it begin with an unpredictible murder that know one can figure out how or why it happened? From the very beginning and throughout the whole novel, you will be enticed. After Robert Langdon arrives at the scene of the crime, he figures out that the secret symbol is that of an ancient brotherhood called the illuminati. The brotherhood has a reputation of hating the catholic church and the church has doene everything in its power to abolish the brotherhood. Until now, the illuminati has been thought extinct. Not only has the illuminati resurfaced to power but they have stolen one of the most powerful and deadly compounds in the world...antimatter. Antimatter is the opposite of matter so when they come in contact with each other, it can be very deadly. It gets better than this, the illuminati has hidden the antimatter deep inside Vatican City. After the recent death of the pope, the ceremony to pick the new one is about to take place called conclave. This of course means that all of the cardinals need to be present, especially the most important four called the preferiti. These are the four who are in the running to be the next pope. Not only have the illuminati hidden the antimatter but the preferiti are somehow missing from the ceremony.
 Enjoyed Angels and Demons than the Da Vinci Code. Dan Brown must be a genius. Found this book "My Brother Satan"-Book-1-"The Princess and the Serpent," and this one doesn't revolve around Vatican but around Lucifer, New World Order and just touches the safety of the Pope. The author had shown him as a saint though. https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1535136049/
 Dan Brown's book, "Angels and demons," is a must read. The books main character, Robert Langdon, is a Harvard Professor that teaches religious iconology. Langdon is contacted by the director of a scientific laboratory called CERN.  One of the CERN physicists, Leonardo Vetra, was murdered and Langdon must identify a symbol branded into his chest. Leonardo has a step daughter Vitoria who is also called to the scene. She was also a scientist for CERN and becomes Langdon's partner.  Langdon identifies the brand as the symbol of the Illuminati and it is discovered that a canister of explosive anti-matter has been stolen. This is where the book takes off into a non-stop action adventure. Langdon and Vitoria discover that the Illuminati are planning to use the anti-matter to blow up the Vatican. The anti- matter is hidden and set to self-destruct within twenty four hours. In another twist, the four cardinals set to select a new pope has all gone missing. Langdon and Vitoria must find the anti-matter and the abducted catholic cardinals, all before the Vatican is blown to pieces.<br/><br/>The author has done his research. Dan Brown is able to fluidly mix reality with fantasy. The author uses places such as The Vatican, CERN, and different locations in Rome to tell this fast paced story. Brown builds this entire story around factual evidence of secret societies. The reader is unraveling the mysteries alongside the characters. Brown keeps the readers on their toes by quickly and repeatedly feeding them new information. Every new piece of information solves one problem and begins another. The reader is pulled towards answers in every paragraph. There is not much time spent on the relationships between the characters. Everything in the book is about trying to quickly solve mysteries of a secret society to save the Vatican. With little breaks in the book, the story moves at a breakneck speed. The characters never take breaks on their adventure causing one page to lead into the other flawlessly.<br/><br/>The book takes on a theme of science against religion.  The author is asking his the readers which one is more important to them. The story does an excellent job of showing both sides without answering the question itself. Because the author uses so many factual details the imagination of the reader is sparked. It is difficult at times to figure out what is fact and what is a fictional story. Readers will be interested enough to do their own research on the subject when the story is finished.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has written a story that will last forever. He questions science, religion, politics, and secret societies all in one intensely written story. Angels and Demons will keep readers on the edge of their seats through the entire read. Dan Brown writes masterfully in a suspenseful style. This book is guaranteed not to disappoint. If you enjoy face paced, action packed, unforgiving stories then this is the book for you. Brown keeps you guessing around every turn of this book. Everything is not always as it seems.
 This book is OK.  I read it last summer, and that is what I consider it to be- a "summer reading" book.  The story is interesting and the action is even quite compelling in parts of the book, but...the writing is just not that great.  This is definitely NOT "The Great American Novel".  So, if you are looking for something decent to read for some entertainment and to pass some time, then this book may fill your needs.  If you are looking for a book of real literary value, then look elsewhere.
 This book will knock you over, it is full of history, mystery, and intrigue.  Well like the other Dan Brown novel I have read it takes place pretty much in one day and is fast paced.  I finished this in 3 days because I could not put it down for hours at a time.  Langdon is the man and I love all the art history involved in unlocking the secrets to the brotherhood.  It is truly a great book, you have to read it.
 Four missing cardinals on the day of the papal election at Vatican, a missing weapon of mass destruction and a sinister plot of an ancient cult called Illuminati against the Vatican.<br/><br/>Well sounds like a novel NOT meant for losers. Flow of the plot is very coherent. There is a surprise on every page. The novel as a whole, well as others have said before, is about religion, science and murder mystery. It's also philosophical posing lot of questions about human nature ( specialy at the end). You can interpret Angels and Demons in your own way based on what you believe.<br/><br/>But writing objectively, I want to say go and grab this novel when you have enough time to read it. Its not a waste of time, since its religion, science and mystery combined together in one story. A novel meant for speculators, people who want get entratained, people who are bored and rest all others who enjoy reading fairly good material. I say fairly good since some of the twists and especialy climax was totaly unexpected and unwanted. Read it then only you will understand what I am talkin about. Dont get confused by reading too many reviews (Specialy those of losers). Just get it and start reading.
 I read this book in two days, and I usually take about two weeks to read a novel. Yes, its slopy in some parts ... having an passenger plane that travels outside the atmosphere at present time is off the charts, and all the events happen in about one day, come on!!! ... but the story keeps you on the edge at ALL times, and the events near the end get unpredictable by the page. I personally liked this book more than the DVCode, maybe because it wasnt so polular when I read it and because it is much darker.<br/><br/>I am now after Deception Point and Digital Fortress, will let you know how those are.
 Dan Brown can write, i.e.  he can create visual characters and places and has talent in that respect, but the plot on this and the actions taken by the characters is downright silly and dumb.  It's interesting up to the mid point of the book then gets downright silly and dumb.  The last 100 pages you just read to finish the book. You don't care about the people in the book anymore.  He can do much much better. His editor should have sent him back to rework it!!!
 So, I enjoyed reading The Da Vinci Code because it had a very interesting take on religion that I found to be somewhat plausible.  Unfortunately, this gave Dan Brown's publisher the bad idea to go ahead and dump the rest of his books onto the market.<br/><br/>I read this recently because someone said that it also addressed some deep issues (science v. religion).  I looked forward to exploring the issue through a fictional romp.  Unfortunately, this was more of a jarring ride than a romp.  His characters are poorly developed and the story line is way beyond implausible.<br/><br/>Where I accomodated his breakneck pace in TDVC, I was completely left behind in Angels &amp; Demons.<br/><br/>The best part of this book is his delivery of details and mechanisms behind the Vatican.  Also, having been to Rome, I identified with a few of the places he visits therein.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the plot and the characters do not do his research justice, which is a pattern I've noticed in his other books (Deception Point, Digital Fortress).  It's clear that Dan Brown works by formula and it has gotten very old.  I only hope he was able to cash out because I don't think the market will be taking any of his other books.<br/><br/>By the way, Dan's formula is as follows:<br/><br/>1. Research an arcane, byzantine topic very thoroughly<br/><br/>2. Have a headstrong young female fall for a wizened, but good-looking professor type in a love affair that occurs while they're running for their lives<br/><br/>3. Make them report to some people who may or may not be the bad guy<br/><br/>4. Run all the characters into the ground during the course of a few days<br/><br/>Hmm...maybe it's time for my novel.
 The first 2/3rds of Angels &amp; Demons reads a bit like a script from the television show "24".  Brown quickly wisks the reader from one tension-laced scenario to the next in the protaganist's (Robert Landon's) journey.  Brown's incorporation of paintings, sulptures, historic sites, and the legend of the Illuminati is also enjoyable.  I anxiously read through the first two acts of the book pondering the possible resolution.<br/><br/>And in the resolution lies the problem.  Some of the scenarios depicted in Angels &amp; Demons' resolution go beyond the limits of credulity to the point of being ridiculous, laughable.  The book with a less sensational conclusion would make for the ideal summer read.  Unfortunately, the preponderance of "yeah right" moments in the third act, debilitates Angels &amp; Demons.<br/><br/>Overall a mediocre read.
 If you like your action to be fast paced and intellectual, like a more cerebral version of 24, then this book could be for you. If you also like to learn from your fiction, then this book is definitely for you. I know The Da Vinci Code was extremely popular, but this book is Dan Browns best work to date.<br/><br/>The suspense is plenty and it comes at you quick. When you think you've got a handle on what's going on, the author stumps you again. The kind of book that keeps you reading because you can't wait to find out what happens next. Learn about the Renaissance, the Catholic Church, the Enlightenment and the relationship between all three as well as a little about the latest in science.<br/><br/>Almost as educating as it is entertaining. By weaving in familiar names and places with an incredible story, Angels and Demons is a pleasure that you will gladly lose sleep for.
 i am shocked with how much sinilarity these books hold.......<br/>the same kind of characters and same kind of suspense level.......<br/>and this book too has some very interesting things but not as many as the DA VINCI but still its a great read a bit too Twisting and turning...here there.......<br/>almost feels like being ina twister........<br/>all in all a Good book.........
 This book is great reading! It is packed with mystery, adventure, and many more. I always get pulled into this book while I was reading it. The main thing about this book is it keeps on turning! It is a neverending wonder and fun. First, you think that this is what's going to happen, then all of a sudden the story turned and it's a totally different situation. Everyone will love this book. I can feel what the characters are feeling, what they're doing, and I can imagine exactly the image of where they are. There are exactly no room for breathing in this novel. You just can't stop and care about breathing while reading since it is really important to know what's going to happen next.  There are so little room for breathing yet there are so many for questions. You can ask a dozen questions in one chapter and get it answered in the next, and you ended up having more questions afterward. It really is a neverending wonder. By finishing this book, it still left me with awe. This book doesn't end like those books where you have to think about what will happen to the character next and it will always get you pissed, but instead, it ends in a kind of way that will make you feel like one more question wasn't answered. You will be left with wonder and awe at the end of the story. So there, can you see now how good this book can be?
 Dan Brown is certainly no Shakespeare, but if you are like me, and like to occasionally mix it up with a Grisham/Crichton/Dan Brown type read to let your brain just veg and enjoy, this is a good one.  Digital Fortress probably runs a close second for me.  Enjoyable, fast moving read..don't read it in bed at night like I did... you'll end up staying up all night to get to the ending!
 I always enjoy good thrillers, especially ones that involve conspiracies and nefarious plots; indeed the best ones can wrest you from your world into theirs, suspending your incredulity and logic as the story weaves its way towards its end. Dan Brown's 'Angels and Demons', however, is not one of them. The biggest disappointment are the inconsistent and irrational characters that Mr. Brown has created. This obviously isn't supposed to be a character-based novel but still it is difficult to be swept away by the story when you feel that the hero, supposedly intelligent because of his Harvard affiliation, is so obtuse that he doesn't seem to learn from his mistakes when facing the Hassassin, or when the heroine, supposedly Italian and a physicist, speaks in American lingo and worse, spouts hackneyed lines. Characters make the story and it was a disappointment that this is Mr. Brown's biggest weakness.<br/>However, what about his strength of weaving historical facts into an engrossing story? I was impressed by the facts and how Mr. Brown's imagination wove them into this still thrilling story. Nonetheless, the book should have ended at page 250 and not 430. A reader cannot suspend belief when he is always so conscious of how the author is trying too hard to craft "ingenious" twists and when these twists are so trite and predictable. This would have been a better book if it wasn't so laboriously hackneyed.<br/>I hope the infamous Da Vinci Code is better, though I'm now a little hesitant to pick it up at the bookstore.
 I read this one after "The Da Vinci Code," and it's actually a better book, in the "one long scream" genre.  It does read more like a conventional thriller, and less like an anti-Christian polemic; it has enough plot twists to keep the true villain's identity in doubt until nearly the end.  That being said, there is a lot about this book that is just plain annoying. It may not matter to some readers, but I find some of the items that Brown's characters state as absolute facts to be shaky at best-examples:  Islam is a language, not a religion (pg. 34); Holy Communion was not a Christian rite, but co-opted from the Aztecs (pg. 243-so what were Christians doing in the 1,500 or so years before contact with the Aztecs?); Henry Wallace was not only a Mason but an Illuminati.  There are other statements that I haven't been able to verify that niggle.  The author's note that "The brotherhood of the Illuminati is also factual" is misleading at best.  The real Illuminati, a short-lived group based in Bavaria, don't really come into the picture-instead, the Illuminati are simultaneously defunct and a powerful, anti-religious, secret society born in the Renaissance who have infiltrated all levels of modern life through the Masons.  You can't reconcile the supposed evidence for the Illuminati from the sources Brown cites with the plot of the book anyway.  Borrow the book, don't buy it; and don't confuse Robert Langdon with Indiana Jones.
 This book reads like a practice attempt at writing Da Vinci code.  The plot, characters, mystery, and story line are good, just not as good as da Vinci.  The thing I most disliked about this book are some of the way-over-the-top things that happen that seem to be stuck in to make the plot work (i.e. supersonic airplanes, anti-matter bombs, miraculous escapes from helicopters).  If you loved Da Vinc, you'll like this... similar, just not as good.
 This is the first book I have read by Mr. Brown. It will not be the last. I have just downloaded Digital Fortress.<br/>This book touched upon a plethora of controversial themes; The Vatican and the ancient mysterious  workings of the Catholic faith therein, the centuries old satanic cult of  the Illuminati, the marriage between science and intellectual morals,  responsibility and profit. Dan Brown touched upon all of these themes in a  very subtle and compassionate way without making the book in itself  controversial.<br/>Hidden underneath these heavy topics is the real story  that makes this book the great work that it is. Expertly woven within the  tapestry of this intense thriller lies the classic theme of love, respect,  and mutual understanding.<br/>I highly recommend that you read this book.
 Angels and Demons, by Dan Brown, is the book to pick up the next time you are out.<br/><br/>The book begins with Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist, who is woken up in the middle of the night by a phone call from the director of CERN, Maximilian Kohler.  He tells Robert that he needs to meet with him immediately because of expertise is necessary.  Robert doesn't believe him until he sees the fax with a brutally murdered body with the Illuminati symbol branded into it.  Robert arrives in Geneva, Switzerland an hour later at the physics lab, CERN.  He sees the body of Leonardo Vetra, the physicist who was in the process of making a huge discovery that would impact mankind drastically with his adopted daughter, Vittoria.  The three realize that the antimatter canister was stolen and Vittoria and Robert go to the Vatican City to begin their search for it with the help of the Swiss Guard.  Not only do they have to find the canister, but they have to try and save the four kidnapped cardinals while the conclave is going on.  The Illuminati, an ancient society of scientists, are responsible for the drama that is occurring and don't care who is hurt in the end as long as they get their revenge, the fall of the Catholic Church.<br/><br/>I think that Dan Brown did a great job with tying in the historical information to make you believe that the whole story is true instead of fiction.  Something drew my attention was the part about the conclave and the strict traditions that follow the death of the Pope.  Angels and Demons is a perfect book for adults of all ages.  Even though the book has 710 pages, it will keep you in suspense the entire time because the story takes place in only 24 hours.
 Angels and Demons would be a wonderful book if Dan Brown could write.  The premise is compelling, the anagrams are fascinating, the science presented is interesting.<br/>The problem is that the pace is off, the characters too easily solve the puzzles(no new information has been presented about the current conundrum, but somehow, the answer that has elluded our imminent symbologist heretofore suddenly pops into his brain--just in the nick of time to avoid death and destruction.  That scenario is believable one time, but Dan Brown does it again and again.), and the attacks on the church eventually began to annoy this reader.<br/>I was hoping for an intelligent thriller...instead, I got a book that just couldn't deliver.  Umberto Eco and even Michael Connelly are much more worthwhile authors.
 Dan Brown did a wonderful job with this book.  It holds your intrest in many ways, and is very hard to put down once you get started.  Just like The Da Vinci Code, Brown uses short chapters to make the book flow quicker.  This novel is the prequel to The Da Vinci Code, and introduces Robert Langdon.  I don't need to go into the details of the story because I'm sure a million other reviewers have.  I enjoyed this one better than The Da Vinci Code.  Its basically a matter of opinion, but I persoannly find the whole Illumanati more interesting than than the topic the Da Vinci Code covers.  I don't want to say anything and spoil it for those who haven't read it yet.  Whether or not all of Dan Brown's point in this book are real or fictional, it makes one hell of a read.  I know a lot of people have been critisizing him for lack of factual evidence in both his books, but after all, this is a novel and not a text book.  Those that keep an open mind will love this book.
 I read the Da Vinci code first, and completely devoured it in two days, so I figured I'd rewind and read Dan Brown's earlier work.  Although I thoroughly enjoy his style of writing, the premise/plot is curiously similar to the Da Vinci Code.  It is a good book, worthy of reading, but give yourself ample time between these two books so it doesn't feel like you're reading a prequel and sequel.
 Without giving away a lot of the plot --Mr. Brown has written a novel that kept me on the edge of my seat as I waited to see if the main character Langdon would be able to save people on the brink of being killed. The author has written a suspensul novel would plenty of twists to keep people of all ages entertained. I wonder if Tom Hanks will sign on to do the movie version of this book.
 I can see the point that Robert Langdon is not the most realistic character; he's a less attractive, more intellectual James Bond, but I have to like him. :)  The book is incredibly fast-paced, and smart, and fascinating.  Dan Brown's style makes you just fly through a complex, enthralling story - I read it in one sitting - and while the characters could certainly be filled out more, it's the plot that captures your interest.  I'll admit, I'm not a history or symbology major, nor have I ever done extensive research on the book's topics, but I didn't go into this book expecting to get a ton of information out of it.  Some of the other reviews critique every error, but it IS a work of fiction; read it as such.  If you want concrete facts, try a history book, but if you're looking for a thrilling, adventurous novel that will definitely hold your interest, try Angels &amp; Demons.  (Not to mention it was the book before the Da Vinci Code, and has a more satisfying ending.)
 I thought this book had a great premise, and there were some interesting subjects I haven't really considered.  The book moves very quickly, and before I knew it, I was halfway done.  However, toward the end of the story, the writing style gets to be so over the top, I was anxious for it to end.  How many times can you say the word "ache" in one novel?  The worst was when I read the line "His body ached to see her".  He just met this girl a few hours ago!  Oh well - a Dan Brown book is what it is:  good premise, but a melodramatic writing style.
 High octane story that keeps you turning pages wanting more. The complexity of the puzzles is always so well described and vivid. There's a good bond with the characters and its an easy story to keep up with. Gotta love the author; he always delivers and this is a great sequel to the DaVinci Coee.
 After reading that publishing juggernaut known as the Da Vinci Code, I quickly scooped up the other Brown novels. I have yet to read DIGITAL FORTRESS. I can assure prospective readers of this novel that it is a considerably better read than even the DVC.<br/>What I liked about the DVC was its intelligence. There are fascinating facts and conjectures made throughout. This book, ANGELS AND DEMONS, has that in spades, with more action (some of it admittedly implausible), crisper dialogue, and one of the biggest plot twists I've ever run across in this genre. (Be warned: not everyone is who he appears to be.)<br/>Chapter 94 contains a phenomenal oration on science and faith that pretty much echoes my worldview. Most appealing to me is that religion doesn't get the short shrift it receives in the Da Vinci Code. The Catholic Church is justly ridiculed at times, but Brown isn't afraid to note its value, either...at least in *this* book.<br/>Intelligent thrillers simply can't get too much better than this.
 I was disappointed once again with Dan Brown's story telling. (again the ending) But once again congratulate him on coming up with interesting story ideas. I felt the realism kept getting compromised with the plug-in danger scenes that kept the hero inches from facing his doom. It just seems so stock. Still, "Angels And Demons" makes a good read if you're not expecting too much.
 While I did enjoy reading this parts of it are almost silly. I don't want to put any spoilers in here so suffice it so say that at least one thing the hero survives is extremely unbelievable. I did enjoy the descriptions of the various churches and monuments in Rome. It is a fun thriller but cannot be taken too seriously.
 I read Da Vinci code and enjoyed it, mostly because of the subject matter. Mr. Brown painted a vivid picture of an ancient puzzle I couldn't wait to see solved. In the rush of the mystery, I overlooked the fact that I didn't really care about any of the characters. So I picked up this book, looking for a similar rush. However, I couldn't care less about this mystery. He lost me from the very beginning. And therefore I was left with his characters, who are cookie cutter and uninteresting. Langdon is a boring man. He has no real flaws or quirks. He's just some guy. I read about how Mr. Brown wants to write another "Langdon" book, and I wonder what makes it a Langdon book? The name? The use of symbols? Because knowing it's a Langdon book doesn't excite me. He could call the guy whatever he wants and I wouldn't even notice he'd changed the name. His plots better be riveting, otherwise I'm lost.
 I would highly recommend this suspenseful read.....though not if you have a queasy stomach (some scenes are pretty graphic).  I picked this up at the airport, expecting the usual fluff, and I was more than pleasantly surprised.  I literally could not put it down!  With twists from beginning to end, this book incorporates a traditional murder mystery with a fascinating exploration of terrorism, human nature, and the complexities of modern religion.  If you're an art history buff, the main character's pursuit of evil based on clues left by Bernini is an added bonus.
 Dan Brown is an author for the new age intellectual, mixing a good balance of religion and science ideas to create a masterpiece. This book should be getting the praise his later book " The DaVinci Code" is. It is one of the most well written gripping books I have ever read. Being a history and art buff this book interested me on more than one level. I can whole heartedly claim this man to be a genius. His main character is the kind that men can admire and women can wish they could date. The perfect mix of chivalry and reality, Robert Langdon comes alive in this book. Amazingly most people I feel could relate to him even though he is a Harvard professor, he isn't haughty or unapproachable. I would give this book 10 stars if possible I loved it.
 THis book is entertaining and thought provoking.  Usually art facts and architectural observations are boring to me, but it got me wanting to see Rome again (I was a kid then,I remember going to the catacombs thinking THAT was cool).  Im a religious person, being Christian, and I have always believed that Science and Religion can co-exist peacefully.  I think God has inspired scientists and inventors because He is a God of Progression.  How boring would it be for Him if his Children did the same things for ages and ages.  Certainly, the DArk Ages werent his favorite days.  I mean Intelligence is the Glory of God and there is nothing wrong with man enhancing intelligence through scientific means.  ITs what man does with it, of course, is a concern for him, Im sure of it.  ITs always man that messes good things up.  Anyway, it makes you think.  ANd you cant go wrong with a book that does that.
 This book is simply amazing.  It is a fast paced thriller that is mixed with an unpredictable suspense novel.  The history revealed about The Vatican and the Catholic Church adds to the novel's already enticing story line.  This novel will grab your attention from the beginning and hold on to it until you reach the unforeseeable ending.  At the beginning of the novel, "Angels &amp; Demons" sounds much like its more popular sequel "The Da Vinci Code," but while it does incorporate history and religion like it's successor, it adds science and a quick paced mystery to make this novel exceptional.
 Now I read The DaVinci Code before I read Angels and Demons, but I must say that both books were very well written.  They both had a similar storyline, but this book was very interesting.  Dan Brown's way of including history into fiction is just amazing.  He has a unique writing style which makes the read a quick one.  The flow of the book was good because it made me want to continue to read even if my eyes were ready to die, it was just that good.  Although some of the storyline may be fiction, it has a great concept and makes for an exemplary story to read.  This book really gets your mind going and leaves you with wanting more at the end of each chapter.  This book covers many genres, historical fiction, thriller, mystery, and even romace.  I recommend this book to everyone and anyone out there looking for a good read.
 I couldn't believe the petty little criticisms on the part of the "reviewers" below.  Let's don't say "reviewers", let's say "hacks".  I think these goofballs have their own agenda -"'dissing" authors they don't like for reasons other than a book review. If you are going to discredit an author, pick something better to critize than verb usage, et al.<br/>This book may have some sloppy mistakes; it is a long book and must have had some sloppy editing and proof readers.  However, the mistakes do NOT detract from the story as the "reviewers" below inaccurately accuse.  The book is FICTION, knuckleheads. Fiction means NOT TRUE.  Get it? NOT true.  I'd  bet a lot of money that there are other reasons for their criticism. Catholic, anyone?
 I read this book after first reading The Da Vinci Code.  I am a novice reader of fiction and really enjoyed both books.<br/><br/>However, I prefered Angels &amp; Demons much more than Da Vinci Code.  The story in A&amp;D is more complex and interesting.  There seemed to be more plot twists, and I was captivated even in the last chapters.  Dan Brown does a great job of describing the more exciting moments and I was able to picture the movie in my head as I read.<br/><br/>Speaking of movie, I sure hope they make one based on this book!
 Great book, entertaining and totatally different from the movie!
 Thrillers encompass a suspension of belief that holds the story together. Jumping out of a helicopter and floating down on coattails did not do it for me, nor wrestling down a sarcophgus. Brown's earlier thrillers, although over-the-top, were more believable.  Less controversial, but more believable.
 I never thought that a historical brotherhood combined with an action thriller would be so good.<br/><br/>Forgeting about some of the riddiculous things that happens during the climax, the whole concept is great. In the beginning when Maximilliam Kohler called Robert Langdon telling him of the Illuminati symbol, there was a feeling of something mysterious and makes the readers tempted to read on. There are many questions that the readers want to see answered in the book, such as Why are they coming back now? why did they kill Leonardo Vetra when he's also a scientist? These questions have to be answered. After the phone call, we are being given lots of scientific information from the X-33 ride to the CERN headquarters. All these scientific information fit perfectly with the later introduction of the ancient brotherhood the Illuminati.<br/><br/>The style of narration is extremely similar to the style of the Da Vinci Code. Both of them already telling the readers who the killer is but not revealing the mastermind behind the plans. This type of narration makes us see that it is not the murderer that is important but instead it is the motive that is the most important in the story. If the murderer isn't revealed to us we would try to think of it the murderer as the central of attention, making it more of a detective story for the murderer rather than a story which shows conflicts between different faiths or between science and religion. This style of narration also makes us focus on more the mastermind of the plans instead of the murderers since in teh end the murderers are more like pawns of the mastermind, and we need to see the mastermind's purpose. This type of narration fits perfectly with the overall style of the book.<br/><br/>Now to the flaws of the book. It is riddiculous how Robert Langdon who is a professor with the help from Vittoria would be able to defeat the Hassassin who is an extremely skilled assassin and someone who is trained for these types of situations. There are other flaws to the plot.<br/><br/>Overall, Angels and Demons is a good book for readers who like to read thrillers, historical, or action novels.
 As a work of fiction, Angels &amp; Demons is outstanding.  Anyone who would dare take on the tpoics Brown dives into shows some degree of brilliance.<br/><br/>The work is deserving of 4 stars yet should have gotten a higher rating of 5 stars.  Brown, however, lacks when he potrays himself as including useful facts in his books, yet he displays fiction and has the reader to assume them as facts.<br/><br/>In the book, Brown claims that President Bush is well-documented as being a Mason who was bestowed a 33rd degree.  One has to wonder where the "well-documented" part comes from.  The membership lists of each Masonic lodge is easily obtainable by anyone - mason or not.  Nowhere in the rolls will you see George Bush - Senior or Junior.  The closest ties either man have to Masonry is the fact that the eldest Bush took his Oath of Office on the same Masonic Bible that George Washington (a Mason) took his oath on.<br/><br/>There are several other facts in this book that prove to be purely fictional.  Do not let this keep you from reading the book.  It is 100% fabulous.  Just bear in mind that the work you are reading is fiction...not fact.
 The characters are mostly one-dimensional, but it is the absolute evil of the antagonist and his henchmen that drives what is Dan Brown's pretty predictable terrain of the evilness within the upper-reaches of the Catholic Church.<br/><br/>If the reader doesn't get too hung up with Brown's controversial musings, the framework for the story is actually pretty good; though he may have found the outline for the hero in a trash can outside Clive Cussler's home.
 I prefer Angels and Demons to the Da Vinci Code. I felt that this book was well written. It was more interesting to me than the Da Vinci Code. I agree with another reviewer that the end of the book is extremely unbelievable and improbable. Even though it was not the ending I was hoping for or expected, the rest of the book was very good.
 This was a fast easy read...an action packed story that kept me from putting the book down.  I have not read the Da Vinci Code but my family has raved about these two books so I thought I would give them a shot.  I enjoyed the plot line and the characters.  I was a little disappointed in the ending....not that it was bad, maybe just not the way I would have liked it to end.  Overall it is entertaining and worth the read.  On to the Da Vinci Code........
 I was totally impressed with Da Vinci Code, so I searched and found Angels and Demons.  My overall take of the novel is: Brilliant!<br/><br/>Defintely memersizing, from start to finish.<br/><br/>The only problem I have with this novel is how Robert Langdon miraculously survived the jump from the helicopter without a parachute...that is just toooooo... well fictious.  And of course, I immediately suspected who might be behind all the murders when the camerlengo jumped out of the helicopter with the only one parachute available, without even remotely caring what would happen to Langdon, which is so out of character for a vatican priet.  From then on, the events only unfold to confirm my suspicion,  and turn out to be more an anti-climax than a build-up to the final revelation towards the end.<br/><br/>Still, I highly recommend this one, together with Da Vinci Code.
 Do people really like this? After the Da Vinci Code (which was OK if you don't believe any of Brown's "Facts."), I decided to read more of Brown's books. What a mistake. Although this one wasn't as bad a read as Deception Point (Should heve been called "What's The Point?",) it was just as dumb. Predictable, sloppy storytelling as usual from the author. Who didn't know that as soon as they said the Pope had a son that it was the camerlengo? Where does the Arab henchman fit in? NO WHERE! Brown didn't even explain why the Arab(Hassassin) wanted to do what he did! It could have been anybody! The real villain here is Brown for writing such a dopey story. The book takes too long to get going, than is good for about the middle third, and then gets completely unbelievable. How did the camerlengo parachute out of the helicopter (which I knew was going to happen anyway- even the part about when when he was taking the antimatter out of St Peter's tomb- Where is he going? To the helicopter, of course-DUH! That was hard to figure out!)Well, how did he parachute to the top of St Peter's Basilica with  thousands of people in the Square with all of the TV lights trained on the sky, and NOBODY saw the parachute? How does Langdon jump out of a helicopter from MILES UP with just a piece of plastc tarp to use as a parachute and he survives so easily, he's out of the hospital so quickly? Where did Camerlengo's body disappear to after he set himself on fire? That kind of heat won't turn him completely to ashes! His charred body would remain to be found! Hello!! Why does he insist that Piazza Barberini is oval Shaped? I've been there- IT IS NOT! I'm done with Dan Brown.
 With Angles and Demons Dan Brown has spent Hundreds of pages of entertaining and informative fiction that spins out of control with an ending that is simply ridiculous.  What a waste! Mr. Brown expends a great amount of effort cobbling together a truly wonderful nemesis-- the Illuminati-- and then burns his creation to the ground with an ending that refuses to leave well enough alone.  It does not make sense? The Illuminati could have been a recurring shadow-character in scores of subsequent novels. Oh well, the author totally destroys the book in the end with his triple twist ending that left me scratching my head in disbelife. All in all a good read until the last 50 pages.
 One of the most fun &amp; exciting books I have read in years.  There are plenty of literary elitists that are obviously taking great pleasure in pooh-poohing this book from the standpoint of a few slightly inaccurate details (which I'm not sure are even inaccurate) &amp; Brown's short chapter-high drama writing style, and to them I say LIGHTEN UP!  This book is a great read, I tore through its nearly 600 pages in 2 days on vacation, &amp; I never read books that quickly.  It is action-packed, with no time for idle breaks as all the action takes place in about a 12-hour period.  And the subject matter is interesting as hell, &amp; I am neither Catholic nor a science buff.  The plot has tons of great twists, &amp; most of them ARE NOT predictable, despite the ravings of some other reviewers.  I can't wait to read The Da Vinci Code now, especially since a lot of reviewers are saying it's very similar to A&amp;D.  If you want an exciting, enjoyable reading experience, just ignore the snobs &amp; READ THIS BOOK!
 "The corpse on the floor before Langdon was hideous.  The late Leonardo Vetra lay on his back, stripped naked, his skin bluish-gray.  His neck bones were jutting out where they had been broken, and his head was twisted completely backward, pointing the wrong way.  His face was out of view, pressed against the floor."<br/><br/> Leonardo Vetra, a scientist who is working for a highly advanced scientific institute, is found brutally murdered with the symbol of an ancient brotherhood branded on his chest.  Who would be better to call in such a situation than a symbologist?  Robert Langdon, a specialist in such symbols, is called to the scene.  Having no relation to the situation or the crime prior to the evening, Langdon finds himself in a race against time following a secret path filled with symbols and hidden meanings to save the Vatican City.<br/><br/> The prequel to The Da Vinci Code, Angels and Demons by Dan Brown is filled with suspense, mystery, and excitement that will make you never want to put it down.  Constant action makes this five-hundred page novel an easy read.  This book comes highly recommended.  The mystery and plot twists will keep you thinking about the story even after you close the book.
 Early in this novel, our hero finds out that a container of antimatter has been hidden somewhere in the Vatican, and that if he doesn't find it in time, the city will be blown sky-high.  I could think of one obvious place the antimatter might have been stowed. I turned to my other half and said, "Mark my words. The antimatter will be found (insert spoilers here)."<br/><br/>And, of course, it was. And so I got rather sick of Robert Langdon missing the obvious hiding place and instead blundering around Rome, wasting precious time, and narrowly failing to rescue various Church luminaries. I wanted to smack him--none of the cardinals need have died if Langdon had been able to figure out the SECRET HIDING PLACE that I figured out at once.  And I'm not a Harvard professor.<br/><br/>Add to that Langdon's completely implausible escape from certain death, which was the sort of thing that only works in the movies. I'd love to see Myth Busters poke holes in that scene. Langdon would have been toast.<br/><br/>I'll leave it to others to point out holes in Brown's art history; it's been a long time since I took art history and I'll admit I'm rusty.  As for me, I'll just say that the plot managed to be both over-the-top and dull at the same time. Also, don't you just *love* Dan Brown's "strong" female characters who seem to do very little other than wear skimpy clothing, get kidnapped, get rescued, and fulfill the hero's yoga-goddess fantasies?<br/><br/>Ugh.
 Even though this books seems full on the impossible, Dan Brown makes everything seem realistic and that takes talent; pure and simple.  The story draws you in from page one, Robert Langdon is a great protagonist (not brawny but smart), and the historical facts woven throughout the book serve as a learning tool for many.  Kudos to Dan Brown for writing a magnificent novel.
 Pick a cozy spot to read and get ready to go on an adventure!  Dan Brown takes you on an incredible journey to another fascinating country (like Paris in the DaVinci Code) where mystery and horror are combined to make a non-stop action thriller!  Just when you think you figured out the twist Dan Brown brings it to another level...boggling the mind.  This is a definite must read and keep for your personal library!  Enjoy!
 I have to say I liked this book, and even though I know it came before the Davinci code I read it afterwards. I can see the author's improvement in style ... he is better the second time around. if you are going to read both of these books, read this one first. You will enjoy this one I promise, and then Davinci will seem even better. If you do it the other way around, this will seem like a let down. Trust me about it!
 Many people would not believe that a book about physics could be exciting, including my wife.  She told me, "Nobody likes physics."  Yet, Dan Brown has sold millions of book about a subject that many students avoid.  Physics teachers may want to assign this book as reading material in their courses, they can make physics thrilling.  More importantly, Dan Brown has written an excellent story and just when you think that you have figured out the plot, he throws you a curve ball.  Finally,the book illustrates the balance in life- ying and yang, black and white, night and day, one and zero, angels and demons.
 A highly engaging read set in a beautiful Italian city. Especially if you've been there, this is a book you want to read. I'm an English teacher, so I'm fairly choosy about the books I read. This one kept my turning the pages through to the end.
 ...namely, why the hell does anyone buy this guy's books, let alone enough of them to propel them to best-seller status?<br/><br/>Crude prose, mechanical plotting, ludicrous motivations, cheap suspense tricks, shoddy scholarship and geography, cardboard characters: lord, the list goes on.<br/><br/>Seriously, save your money. Maybe its follow-up, ''The Da Vinci Code", takes an enormous leap in quality, but I'm not willing to test that theory without some firm evidence.
 Buckle up folks; this is going to be a bumpy ride...<br/><br/>If you were an author with a beef against one of the largest and oldest organizations in the history of mankind, don't you think you owe it to your readers to know a little something about that organization before you begin your screed?  Heck, how hard is it to look something up even on Wikipedia?<br/><br/>There are now entire websites popping up that are devoted to exposing Dan Brown's factual malfeasance.  Since apparently his fact-checker is renowned scholar Bart Simpson, the rising clamor to expose this fraud is becoming something a cottage industry.  His scholarship is so egregiously lazy one wonders if he didn't somehow drug his editor.<br/><br/>Here are two of our favorite acts of stupidity:<br/><br/>At one point a Cardinal explains that during a papal election he was the Devil's Advocate for one of the candidates--he was the person assigned to look for skeletons in a candidate's past.  WRONG.  The Devil's Advocate role only comes into play during the process of beatification.  There is no such "vetting" in a papal election.  Brown probably saw the term written in context with the Church and was too lazy to look up what it means.<br/><br/>In the final "revelation" the hero, who just got done jumping out of a helicopter a few miles over Rome without a parachute and landed safely in the rapids of the Tiber River (side-bar--1.  The Tiber is only about 7-20 feet deep and hardly deep enough to break a fall from that height; 2.  There are no "rapids" in the Tiber as it flows through Rome.  One generally does not find rapids on any river that runs through a major city; 3.  Hitting the water at that speed and velocity has the same effect, due to surface tension, as hitting cement)... ... where were we, oh, yeah.  Ok, so the Pope's personal secretary has murdered the Pope, orchestrated the grisly murders of four Cardinals, faked an assassination attempt on his life and staged a fake "miracle" in order to get the College of Cardinals to believe God wants him to be the next Pope.  The Devil's Advocate reveals to the little snot that the Pope was actually, GASP, the secretary's FATHER!  DOUBLE GASP!<br/><br/>Apparently, the Pope, when he was a young priest, fell in love with a nun.  They didn't want to break their vows of chastity, but, for some inexplicable reason, they wanted to have a child.  Sure, that doesn't pose any problems either, right?  Ok, so they turn to the saving powers of SCIENCE with a capital "S" to provide them with a miracle.  The priest artificially inseminates the nun, she has the kid and leaves the nunnery to raise him, but we are assured that even though she is no longer a nun, she still goes through all the nun motions and is totally devoted to God.<br/><br/>Huh?  Ok, do we need to explain that the sin of in vitro fertilization is about a bajillion times more sinful than a priest and a nun copulating?  Brown's attempt to provide a "rational" explanation for how a priest and a nun can conceive a child while not breaking the letter of the law is insipid.  It's like saying you don't want to violate the Church's teaching on divorce so you thought it would be a better idea to murder your wife.  Our minds are still reeling from this utter stupidity.  Are we seriously expected to believe that a priest and nun so devout they can ignore their throbbing biological urges would egregiously violate a clearly stated Church ban on artificial insemination?  Why aren't Catholics more outraged by this offensive nonsense?<br/><br/>How does this guy still get published?  At best, Brown is an idiot.  His screeds are too obviously stupid and offensive to qualify him as a skilled and insidious subversive.  His writing style is a charlatan's parlor trick to keep dumb people with short attention spans reading.  Brown's books are the literary equivalent of "shiny things".  This is a dumb book written by a dumb author that appeals to dumb people.  A fool's trifecta.<br/><br/>READ THE ENTIRE REVIEW AT INCHOATUS.COM
 I find this book better than Da Vince Code. I read it in 3 days. I wasn't too thrilled to read about religion, codes, and groups again but A&amp;D grabs you with a twisting plot. I found the author balanced science &amp; religion very well - not taking sides on the universe creation debate. Reminded me of Contact by CSagan. Book has excellent chase mixed with mystery. Angels &amp; Demons would make a Great Movie.
 This was an unreadable novel for me.  The science is wildly wrong -- the opposite of a proton is not an electron, and don't get started about static antimatter magnetic bottling -- and the characters are... well, they have workshops for this kind of thing, don't they?<br/>1) Coldly efficient, sexually-depraved assassin?  Yep, got one of those.  Only I made mine a descent of the original hashashins.  Right, except they wen't ruthlessly efficient, but fanatical.  There's a difference, in that one tends to stay alive longer.<br/>2) Beautiful female counterpoint to the protagonist, check.  Except mine is not super beautiful, just so sensual you'll still lose your mind.  Except my protagonist, who's super at everything, including fake self-deprecation.<br/>3) Honestly, I got tired after 2.  Hypersonic jet, CERN frisbees, the Illuminati... oh brother.
 Being chased around Rome by an ancient cult was not Robert Langdon's idea of a vacation. In this present day historical fiction book, that is what exactly happens. Late at night the Harvard symbologist is called to CERN headquarters where he finds out that the believed to be dead organization, the Illuminati, have come back to do what they have promised over a century ago, destroy the Vatican. How can this American stop the destruction of the church?<br/><br/>I found this book by Dan Brown's other book, The Da Vinci Code. I recommend this to anyone who loves mysteries or just wants a good book. I really like this book because the plot was very, very, good. It makes you think that if something like this could happen and was a lot of the facts were true. Another reason was that I could relate to the main characters well. The author goes into detail about their pasts so you can look back and say `Hey, I know how that feels'. Like the death of a loved one in the case of many characters. Lastly I consider this book to be a page turner because Dan Brown gives you just enough information to be wanting to know what happens.  In the end anyone 13 or older who just loves history, mystery, or fantasy should defiantly read this book
 If you read the DaVince Code and are yearning for more (as I was), you might find this book to be a let down. It starts out almost EXACTLY the same. Mr. Brilliant is awakened in the middle of the night for an urgent crisis that only he can assist with. He must board an airplane and meet with some mystery men who want to pick his giant brain. Yawn. I was shocked at how the author doesn't even try to hide the fact that he's written the same book all over again. If you want to read something that similar, you'll probably love it. I did not.
 I read Angels and Demons after the Da Vinci code and enjoyed it more. To me, the book was less predictable and the twist at the end  suprised me more than the one in the Da Vinci code which you can see coming like a rabid herd of elephants.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons is basically a murder mystery about religion, science and the problems caused by the age old conflict between the two.<br/><br/>Its a brilliant read - fast paced, full of suspense and with a good plot line. I feel the only reason this book did not get as much acclaim as the DV code is that its subject is not as controversial. One word of warning though, although this book is extremely good, its fiction, and only fiction.
 I really liiked this book for the first 600 pages or so...MUCH better than the DaVinci Code.<br/><br/>But then the true Dan Brown kicked in with his anti-Catholic agenda.  (For the record, I am neither Catholic, nor devoutly religious)<br/><br/>He writes a tremendously stirring speech about religion and science which, in my opinion, is among the best I've read.  But then, since he just can't STAND to have the Catholic church look good in any way, he makes the character who delivered that speech a crazy psychopathic zealot and the ultimate villian of the story, thus wiping out all the credibility and reason of the earlier speech.<br/><br/>He did this anti-religion crap in DaVinci Code and he does it here as well.<br/><br/>Having said that, if you have to pick one book or the other, pick this one.  It's a much better read.<br/><br/>It's just too bad he can't let go of his agenda to discredit modern religion.  He's just another liberal mouthpiece in that regard.
 This book was a great read, from the begining pages I knew that this book was going to be fast-paced and a page turner.  This was the first book of Dan Brown's that I have read, but it was a good place to start.  I would recommend this book to anyone, but some say that the facts in this book are a little sketchy, but aside from the point that so called "facts" are a little away from the truth, this was a good book.<br/>  The ending of this book was also a WOW factor.  So many unsuspected turns; first I had an idea who did it all, but once my idea was confirmed, a twist in the story proved that I was wrong.<br/>  This book also made me think on a different level then I have before about the subjects of Christianity and Science.  The facts in the book were shocking and amazing to me, and I would proudly confess to anyone seeking a fast paced, mystery/thriller, with many twists and turns, history facts, and intrest in science or religion, that this again was a good book.
 If you read it just to have a good time and not to learn any real facts about Catholicism, Rome, Science, etc, you'll greatly enjoy this novel. I certainly did. It's as good as "The Da Vinci Code" (and is the first Robert Langdon novel), until you get to the ending. For some reason, Brown just goes on and on with one "suprise twist" after another until it's actually silly. Still a fun summer read.
 Although fiction books are not supposed to be accurate, and it is perfectly all right if they aren't - this book aspires to present the reader with factual evidence.<br/><br/>While some reviews point out the symbological inaccuracies or express their skeptical opinions on the "proof of genesis", no one has factually dealt with the screaming inaccuracies of the physics in this book.<br/><br/>As a physicist, I am surprised that the appalling errors of this book have not yet been pointed out by any of the reviewers. Here are a mere few inaccuries:<br/><br/>The bottom line of the book is that if a certain amount of antimatter gets out of its container, it will destroy all surrounding matter within a 1 kilometer radius. That is factually incorrect. 5 grams of antimatter will interact with 5 grams of matter. Antimatter interacts with an equivalent amount of matter. The energy produced, albeit not negligible, will not be enough, under the circumstances, to cause a shock wave.<br/><br/>It will certainly not be enough to prove the existence of a supreme power.<br/><br/>Additionally, antimatter cannot be stored in magnetic containers. Anyone who has taken an Electricity and Magnetism course in college will know that magnetic impulses are carried by electric particles that are matter, which will in turn interact with the antimatter that it is supposed to insulate. Antimatter is not my area of specialization, so I do not know exactly how the Swiss laboratories suceeded in isolating the antimatter, although I am rather certain that they used it for reactions and not for lab storage, and they certainly did not do it using magnets.<br/><br/>Thirdly, if indeed scientists had been able to use magnets for this cause, placing the canister in any powerful magnetic field would have suspended the so-called explosion. Vittoria mentions something about not being able to build the apparatus. To keep the canister from exploding, only a rudimentary magnetic field would have been needed.<br/><br/>Fourthly, Dan Brown states in the preface that CERN succeeded in isolating anti-atoms. Unless this is news that I haven't yet been informed of by my colleagues, all that CERN has succeeded in isolating was anti- generic particles. That is, positrons, anti-protons, etc. I have heard of no anti-neutron and consequently, with the exception of the hydrogen atom, there can be no anti-atoms.<br/><br/>These are just a few of the inaccuracies in Dan Brown's book. It is saddening to think that the public will read this book and come to believe that antimatter in miniscule amounts can destroy cities, or that a retina scan would be the only security placed on antimatter should this be the case. Antimatter is a tool for important research for GUT and TOE and that is all it would be used for. There is no need to make hundreds of grams of it.<br/><br/>Lastly, I gave this book a 2/5 because it is a complete repetition of the Da Vinci Code. While one book like this is creative, 2 start showing that this is where the author's creativity ends. Get some new ideas, Dan Brown.
 "Angels and Demons" is one of the best thrillers I have ever read. Besides being unable to put the book down, my wife and I learned a great deal about the Catholic Church, Rome, and the creation of anti-matter  in the laboratories of Switzerland. I was fascinated to learn about the  connection between the secret Illuminati brotherhood, the Masons and even  the U.S. one-dollar bill. Behind the superb story, there is a rich backdrop  balancing the conflict and agreement between science and religion.  With  the election of a new pope in the foreseeable future and the November  choice between Gore and Bush (with their admitted ties to the secret  societies of the Masons and Skull and Bones), this book gives readers much  to think about, provided they have time to catch their breath from all the  surprises, chills and thrills in the ingenious plot.  As a bonus, the  ambigrams throughout the book are unbelievable!
 This is the first Dan Brown book I've read.<br/><br/>"Angels &amp; Demons" contains lots of very intriguing history and science, with a smattering of science fiction. Of course, the science fiction has to be taken, like most sci fi, with a good dosage of suspended disbelief, but that's ok. It's not overdone.<br/><br/>The most frustrating thing about this book is that it is way too predictable. A close second to the dissapointing predictability, are the seemingly gratuitous twists through the book -- one or two great twists make a book; half a dozen twists you see coming from 20 pages away ruin the book. Towards the end of the book the one major twist is diluted and ruined by being surrounded by a handful of other poorly crafted ones.<br/><br/>As many others mentioned the book is about 50 pages too long.<br/><br/>Brown's writing is easy to read and overall the book was entertaining. However it does leave me wondering whether I should read "The Da Vinci Code" or now move on to a piece of non-fiction.
 As a previous reviewer stated the plot lines for Dans books are<br/><br/>as follows:<br/><br/>1. Research an arcane, byzantine topic very thoroughly<br/><br/>2. Have a headstrong young female fall for a wizened, but good-looking professor type in a love affair that occurs while they're running for their lives<br/><br/>3. Make them report to some people who may or may not be the bad guy<br/><br/>4. Run all the characters into the ground during the course of a few days<br/><br/>I would like to Add:<br/><br/>5.A religious Icon is murdered with a very pretty girl daugher or neice who is out to help Robert Langdon solve the case. Oh and alas a love interest for Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>6. Only Robert Langdon could possibly figure this thing out because the bad guys are going to tell you what will happen but not outright they have to leave you clues that are imbedded in historial puzzles<br/><br/>7. Lets be sure to make Christianity out to be a myth perpetuated by the religious icons over the centuries<br/><br/>I had to stop reading (actually listening) after Tape 2. The plot was so predictable. This was after listening to The Davinci Code and not being blown away by it either.
 Another good book from Dan Brown.  A new twist from his previous novels about the Catholic Church.  In this novel, he makes a case where science and religion are compatible.  The characters, led by Robert Langdon, gets involved in a race to save the Vatican from destruction by newly developed anti-matter.  The author makes it difficult to figure out the good guys from the bad guys and takes the reader on many surprising turn of events.  It is a very good read.
 Angels and Demons by Dan Brown is an outstanding display of articulation.  Brown's writing is very captivating.  This book only took me three days to read it.  The way that Brown presents the material is outstanding.  If you want to read an action, mystery, and drama book that keeps you on the edge of your seat, then this is it.  The details that Brown puts into this book are amazing.  With his writing you feel as though you are next to Robert Langdon and Vittoria Vetra as they chase the kidnapper of the four bishops.  His description of the Vatican and Italy can only come from personal experience.  He must have done some incredible research to come up with the details he did.  I would recommend this book for people that are interested in learning a little bit about the Catholic faith and for those that are really into mystery books.  Dan Brown is one of the greatest mystery and action writers in the present era.  This book is such an easy read that I also recommend it to students that are required to read a certain number of pages for a class.  The way that the book takes fast turns from scene to scene is also very exciting and it engages the reader more because you have to really be in to the book to understand what is going on.  The end of the book is such a dramatic difference than what the beginning leads to believe.  Thank You.
 I happen to come across the book, when my sister had been visited by the author at Phillips Exeter Academy. I was reluctant, at first to read it, but when I hit the fourth page I was lost!<br/>This book is centered around Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist, and Vittoria Vetra, scientist and daugther of a murdered father. They must race against time to recover a missing destructive weapon and the two will come across troubles through a story of deceptive characters, murder plots, and hidden agendas. The book is fast-pace, thorough, and suspenseful. I recommend anyone to read this book.
 Angels and Demons, written by Dan Brown, follows the character Professor Robert Langdon through the city of Ancient Rome as he uncovers the secrets of the streets, artwork, and churches. Langdon, along with scientist colleagues and Vatican officials, attempts to bring together the separate worlds of science and religion in an effort to stop the Illuminati from destroying what little peace that exists between the two groups. Murderers, captives and innocent citizens watch as the scandal of the century unfolds before them in an epic battle between creationism and naturalism. As Langdon uses his background in history and his newfound knowledge from the Vatican archives, he follows the trail left by the ancient philosophers, bringing to life a map thought to have been destroyed hundreds of years ago. Dan Brown takes the reader on an exciting adventure through the streets of Italy and back into a time when figures such as Galileo and other philosophical thinkers were exiled for their work and looked down upon by figures of the church.  He incorporates history, art, literature and religion into a thrilling story meant to keep the reader on the edge of their seat. It appeals to several different audiences, from physicists to world travelers exploring the once powerful Roman Empire. Excitement and drama play out for the reader with unpredictable twists and a plotline never before heard.
 The story begins with a Harvard Art History Professor, Robert Langdon, summoned by CERN, a top scientific organization in Switzerland.  One of their head scientists, Leonardo Vetra, was found dead in his apartment with no clothing, only a burned branding reading `Illuminati'.  Professor Langdon, a specialist in the ancient brotherhood, soon finds himself along with the victim's step daughter, Vittoria Vetra, solving an incredibly precise hunt created by the Illuminati centuries ago.  The Illuminati was led by Galileo, whom designed the hunt leading to their secret Headquarters.  By following this hunt, Langdon and Vetra attempt to save four kidnapped cardinals and recover a nuclear bomb Vetra had created which would destroy all of Vatican city along with thousands of onlookers and tourists.  By following statues and markings left by Bernini, a famous Italian artist also in the brotherhood, the pair discovers dead cardinals whom have been branded with either earth, air, fire, or water, the four sacred elements.  In all under six hours, Langdon and Vetra have to solve the ancient hunt, recover the hidden nuclear bomb with the Vatican, and catch the psychotic Hassassin.<br/><br/> This is one of the most breathtaking and intriguing books I have ever read.  It exceeded my expectations (as Dan Brown usually does), forcing me to barely be able to set it down.  Having always been interested in art history, the random, sporadic facts throughout the book never ceased to amaze me.  After reading this book I have developed a better feel for the Vatican and hundreds of other churches around Rome, learned incredible information about the philosopher Galileo and artist Bernini, and acquired a deeper understanding about the age old conflict between church and science.
 Fast faced novel, brilliantly maintained suspense till the end. Shortly, murder at CERN by ancient brotherhood also suspecting explosive anti-matter stolen and some one is using that to destroy the Vatican City. Time is ticking, and Electoral College is busy in selecting the Pope, but four favourites of future Pope were missed.<br/><br/>To save that four favourites, American history professor Rabert Longdon and young lady scientist Vittoria  raced to the Rome.Searching at the achieves and finding the 400 year old path of illuminati to stop the brutal killings of the Favourites  won't allow to put down the book.<br/><br/>Finding and disposing the antimatter canister is unbelievably Hollywood style. Better not to discuss about that.<br/><br/>After reading this book, definitely one would feel to visit the Rome and trys to look into the history, religion with some interest.
 Many books have great twists, but this one turns around in circles. I thought I figured it out with about 160 pages to go. The as I read on I was sure I did. Boy was I wrong! Right up there with Di vinci code. I cant decide which one I like better. But dont read this right before or after you read The Di Vinci Code. Read a different one in-between because the story lines are kinda the same. But it still was G R E A T!
 a bit disappointing how the plot structure parallels the da vinci code (i guess it should be the other way around being that angels and demons was written first).  but you will get the same thrills, an original storyline, a page-turning thriller, edge of your seat action combined with intelligence.  this book was predictable, but overall, you wont be disappointed.
 Angels &amp; Demons is a great suspense/thriller that I was unable to put down. The ever present idea of looking beyond the obvious and seeking for the clues brings the reader on an roller coaster of dramatic climaxs that leaves you breathless and causes you to wonder about the exact going-on's behind the most secretive of all Vatican events.
 This guy, Dan Brown, is a con artist. He has half the free world talking about him as if he's the 21st century answer to Shakespeare. I love a good thriller, but "Angels and Demons" was riddled with mistakes (The Prayer of St. Francis Assisi is not The Serenity Prayer), and if I came upon the sentence, "Vittoria looked confused," once more, I thought I would scream. I got as far as the last 25 pages, but the book became so ridiculous I couldn't bear to finish it. I left it on a bench somewhere for some other poor sucker to pick up. You'd better believe that any inclination I had to read "The Da Vinci Code" has evaporated.
 ..best crafted, most suspenseful novel I have ever read.<br/><br/> I could not put it down... The chapters are short and he does not over analyze every thought or detail - it moves!<br/><br/> Of course there are some minor believability problems - but overall - it is a non stop thrill ride with incredible depth of plot and characters. I would love to meet Dan Brown and thank him! I can already see the movie - in my head...<br/><br/> Have not read "The DaVinci Code" yet - but lilkely will. GET THIS BOOK!
 Brown again writes an amazing novel with so much factual information that is almost orgasmic.. i revere this man for doing all this research and being able to geniously tie them all together  which apparently would require the mind of a very intelligent writer.<br/><br/>again, his intentions are to shock and thrill. this book is a thirller/mystery so anyone who thinks he's a terrible writer can stop complaining. there's no need to butcher and crutinize everything including the characters being so "one-dimentional".. there's a reason Brown has done so.. the book is not about Robert Langdon.. the book is about the mysteries Robert unveils.<br/><br/>this is a page turner, one u wouldn't be able to put down.<br/><br/>defintely follows well with the Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Brown, again,  does not fail to entertain.
 I must admit that I was a bit slow in reading the DaVinci Code. I mean, it's been on the best seller list for how long??? In any event, I finally read it, I thoroughly enjoyed it, and I was left wanting more... enter... Angels and Demons. The one aspect which I felt the DaVinci Code felt short conveying was any sense of character... Robert Langond's, or anyone else's for that matter. What were their motivations, what were their idosynchrosies, what made these characters really tick... Angels and Demons answered these questions and much, much more. Coupled with character development and character driven plot, there is an amazingly captivating, page turning drama, and a thirst for the next "twist".<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book. Whether you have read the DaVinci Code, meant to read it, tried to stay away from it, or never intended to read it, read this book!!! You will find it nearly impossible to put down. Bravo!
 I didn't expect to learn as much as I did when I started reading this book. I was swept away in the exciting plot while I was taking in new information about science, art, religion, and history. A really good book, indeed!
 I read "The Da Vinci Code" a few weeks back and was blown away by the pace, the style, and the fun I had reading it. So ... I decided to try his earlier novel. It's practically the same story! So how could this one be so bad and Da Vinci be so good? I'm still trying to figure it out. This one has such a formulaic feel to it that it becomes insulting. And what is with the exclamation point?!! Earth! Wind! Fire! Water! And sometimes, question marks followed by exclamation marks?!! This guy has read one too many Robert Ludlum novels.
 Despite its limited success at first, "Angels and Demons" is the best of Dan Brown's trilogy. Harvard Symbologist, Robert Langdon finds himself caught up in a plot to destroy Vatican City, which starts his mysterious adventure in a Swiss research facility only to be flown to Rome where the action takes place amidst the rich history and famous art and architecture of the Renaissance.<br/>Within 24 hours, Langdon's pursuit to stop the terrorist act leads him to dig into the realms of the Illuminati, a secret society believed to be with ties to the Freemasons who have been the power behind the scenes for many of the most important and chaotic events of the past three centuries.<br/>For those who enjoy the idea of secret societies and their eccentric cults and traditions, you will find this book to far exceed your expectations.<br/>Dan Brown brilliantly weaves a fictitious novel based on historical and religious facts engaging his readers and promoting spiritual discussion and debate.<br/>The book is fast paced and intriguing to the point where you don't want to put it down until you're done with it. Overall, it is an exciting read that should definitely be delved into before "The Da Vinci Code"  and "The Lost Symbol".
 This book is hindered by flat characters, plot holes, and implausible scenarios. Despite that, however, I enjoyed it. I liked the basic plot line and the various clues and treasure hunt-type atmosphere it provided. The ending especially lacked plausibility, but I was able to forgive that because of the book's overall entertaining value.<br/>Basically, if you're a stickler for detail and no loose ends, this is not the book for you. If you want just a fun story, however, this might work if there's nothing else you're dying to read.
 "Angles and Demons" is an absolute page turner and a book with a variety of twists, making readers unable to leave their grip! Maybe it can be seen to contain too much fictional aspects and also too offensive to those who are strong Christian believers. Yet, I believe it has no means of insult against any particular religion but simply a wonderful and an extremely original action thriller. Having read "The Da Vinci Code," the sequel of "Angles and Demons," I was able to interpret and expect certain twists. However, even though you may be a terrific foreteller for what will come next, you will be utterly shocked several times while reading the last 100 pages, definitely the climax of the book.<br/><br/> Not only at the end, but through out the book you will enjoy reading the book. Somewhat an action thriller, but at the same time a story of a treasure hunt where Langdon is trying to find his way to the "Church of Illuminati", you will be lead to miraculous scenes of unknown facts (probably not 100% accurate) and fascinating judgments and opinions of the characters.
 Angels and Demons by Dan Brown is a non-stop adventure. Brown adds so many plot twists that the reader has no idea how the novel will end. Although similar to his other books, Brown makes Angels and Demons stand out by pulling in so many pieces of art located around the Vatican. I personally loved that because it made me want to go online and look up each piece of art work to see what it looked like.<br/><br/>Although there is the conflict of religion, readers must keep in mind that this is only a fiction novel and where there is true in some part of the novel, not all if it is true. Brown may place the head of the Catholic Church in interesting situations, but it is only in order to make the book that much more complex.<br/><br/>Another item that made this novel even more complex was the use of the Illuminati and the ambrigrams. It was exciting to find out that even though the Illuminati seemed like an imaginary society, they were actually around through out history. There are so many things in this novel on which I could continue to talk about, but I'd rather have people read the book to find them out their selves.
 There is no doubt that Dan Brown is a great storyteller.  This novel is fast-paced and exciting.  Chock full of historical fact and mythology, he pulls off the difficult task of keeping our interest.  My only complaints - and they are big ones - are the writing style and plot twists.  The novel reads like a summer Hollywood blockbuster, complete with inane dialogue and implausible situations.  Ultimately, I was disappointed by the lack of substance.  With such grandiose themes, Brown uses cliched debates between religion and science.  Such a waste of a brilliant premise.  And the tidal wave of near-destruction and miraculous escapes strain credibility.  Still, it is a fun read.
 Positives: Well researched, original, fairly gripping.<br/><br/>Negatives: Unnecessarily long.<br/><br/>General comments:<br/><br/>Despite the order the books are written in, the overwhelming majority of people will come to this book AFTER having read the Da Vinci code.  While on a stand-alone basis it's not a bad book, I fail to see how a creative author could write 2 such similar books using virtually identical plot devices.<br/><br/>Furthermore, I have read 3 of his books &amp; they all seem to contain similar traits such as a "brilliant" young woman who frequently shows breathtaking naivety/stupidity.<br/><br/>In summary: if you haven't read the Da Vinci code, then pick this up.  If you have, don't waste your time on any other Dan Brown book (especially this one) until he learns a new formula...although you'll probably be waiting a long time.
 This is the first book I have had the pleasure of reading from Mr. Dan Brown. I plan to make it the first of many. The factual details he throws in could've turned the book into a dreary textbook in the hands of some authors. But in the hands of Mr. Brown, all the tantalizing information serves to not only entrance the reader, but to pull one so deeply into the story that many times I felt I was by the side of the characters experiencing each event as it occurred and as intent as they to find answer upon answer which unraveled the intricate web Mr. Brown wove with amazing alacrity.
 This was a very engrossing and entertaining book. I went into it with low expectations because of the reviews I read, but I was happily surprised. I enjoyed every second of reading Angels &amp; Demons and I'm excited to get caught up with the rest of the Robert Langdon novels.
 ...or looking to become one.  Errors, shmerrors. I thoroughly enjoyed this book for the terrific story it was written to be.<br/>I had the good fortune to read Angels &amp; Demons before I got to DaVinci Code.  In fact, I read all of Brown's books in the order written, and having done so actually found Code to be somewhat anticlimactic.<br/>Having heard so much press on Code, and being so impressed with A&amp;D, I set myself up.<br/>I loved the characters (looking forward to the next Langdon tale!) and the suspense was delicious.  A truly riveting read.
 Fantastic book! My favorite so far in the Robert Langdon series. The twists and turns kept me on the edge of my seat the entire story. If it wasn't for one particular part I would have given this book 5-stars (I don't want to give any spoilers, but you'll know the part I'm talking about when you read it).
 This is the best book I have read in years!  I haven't read leisurely since before grad school.  I have now read Angels and Demons, the Da Vinci Code, Deception Point, and Digital Fortress.  I can't get enough of Dan Brown!<br/>Angels and Demons first got my attention because it deals with Christianity and the Catholic Church.  I am extremely interested in religion and had to read this book. Dan Brown is amazing with his research and facts.  Interesting tidbits of information concerning Catholicism and Christianity in Europe makes this book great for those who like to expend their minds.  The fast paced action makes it a page turner for anyone interested in a ficitonal thriller.  I read it in three days!<br/>Read this book!
 I must say that most of the book is enjoyable. It is a very engaging read, that makes you want to continue to read. Whether you believe all the author writes doesn't really matter, it is fun to read. However, the most important part of the book (the conclusion) is beyond belief! The author adds twists that are not needed nor believable. The book should have ended at the conclusion of chapter 123 or at least that is where it is should have stopped adding new developments. Unfortunately it doesn't. The rest of the book is the author trying hard to make "miracles" of his own (like how can I add another 100 pages without really writing anything worth reading). It's too bad that such a fun book for the first 400 pages has to end so poorly. I would recommend reading it, but stopping after chapter 123.
 ...then you've got to read this book.  I just spent 4 days in Rome after having read this book recently.  It added so much to my trip to find and examine all the particular places he discussed: churches, fountains, plazas, and a castle.  But don't read this book if you have other obligations at hand.  I finished it in a 6-hour marathon from 9pm to 3am.
 If you liked DaVinci Code (DC) then you would like this one too. This is the prequel to DC (rather the book written first) and makes a good read.<br/><br/>The puzzles are there and the twists are there too. Good history lessons and science included too free of charge. The ending is a bit too action movie like (cant imagine Tom Hanks as Langdon jumping from a **** (cant tell what)). But the book is a good mystery with the antimatter/theological tussle shown nicely.<br/><br/>Would make a good movie too.
 All right, Dan Brown needs no further introductions and accolades for being, for sure, one of the most original and intriguing character in the international showcase. The problem is once you've picked up one of his book you can expect to be deceived up to the point when you usually think "Now I got it all, I could read no further and write the end myself". And that's it: now you a REALLY being deceived! Therefore, opposite to what happens in warm approaches to his superbe writing and imaginative skills, like Deception Points and Digital Fortress (you may as well read them as a good "warm up"), Angels &amp; Demons is something that really "flabbergast" you. You reach the end and you just want to backtrack every single page to get more and more of the splendid work Dan did in deceiving you up to the very last paragraph. In a nutshell: one of the best and most original pageturner with and exquisite and most refreshing lack of cheap gore and violence, all in favour of real and mindboggling entertainment.
 I have read all four of the Dan Brown books.  This one is nearly as good as The DaVinci Code and is an excellent choice for filling your time until Mr. Brown comes out with his next novel.<br/><br/>As for the other two novels (viz., Deception Point and Digital Fortress) -- feel free to skip them.  They are neither as intriguing nor as well plotted.
 I had a hard time putting this book down. There's a lot of action packed drama, with of course- the characters showing up too late almost every time to get the killer! The ending had it's own series of twists and moments where you think you know, only to find out you're wrong- which is awesome in a book. Overall an excellent read.
 A candidate for the "wait for it in the paperback bargain bin" category.<br/>The intentions of this book are eminently noble, and one dreads to think on the midnight oil the author's research staff must have endured  to discover some of the factual information set forth.<br/>But the lace-thin  story just doesn't meet the requirements of the material, which ultimately  serves as simple namedropping.  Imagine reading a quick 200pp novellette  about Buddhism, the CIA's inner sanctum, and Astrophysical Cosmology - a  couple guys dashing around and blowing things up isn't going to cut it.  But that's this book, more or less.<br/>So while the story ideas could  have been, if developed, interesting, look to a thorough writer like Ludlum  or Clancy to tell stories with the substance one looks for in such  presupposed tales of intrigue.<br/>For example, if an author establishes  the pretense of a group planning to destroy the Vatican, readers will  justly expect to learn something meaty about the motives and expectations  of these terrible people.  But the Illuminati remain as much in the dark at  the end of the story as they were in the beginning.<br/>So, the book, while  it has a page or two of tasty sauce, really has no meat to speak of.
 The title of my review is "excelent Fiction book!" because that is what it is.  FICTION.  I read several of the other reviews where the author discussed how impossible some things are in the book, etc. What these people failed to remember is that Dan Brown was writing a fictional book.  In fiction, everything that happens is not required to be factual.<br/><br/>Knowing this, I believe this is an excellent book.  If you liked The Davinci Code, you'll surely like this book.  What happens in Angels and Demons is referenced several times in Davinci Code, so if you were wondering 'what happened last year,' it'll all be answered here.
 ANGELS &amp; DEMONS is one of the best thrillers I have ever read. Besides being unable to put the book down, my wife and I learned a great deal about the Catholic Church, Rome, and the creation of anti-matter in the laboratories of Switzerland. I was fascinated to learn about the connection between the secret Illuminati brotherhood, the Masons and even the U.S. one-dollar bill. Behind the superb story, there is a rich backdrop balancing the conflict and agreement between science and religion. With the election of a new pope in the foreseeable future and the election before last November choice between Gore and Bush (with their admitted ties to the secret societies of the Masons and Skull and Bones), this book gives readers much to think about, provided they have time to catch their breath from all the surprises, chills and thrills in the ingenious plot.  ...]
 Perhaps I was spoiled by Dan Brown's earlier novels. Although I would never say Angels &amp; Demons is a bad book, I didn't find the secret brotherhood as intriguing nor the end as satisfying as other Brown books.
 Angels &amp; Demons by: Dan Brown was an amazing tale of mystery and suspense.<br/><br/> This is a story about the renowned symbologist, Robert Langdon, and his adventures in Rome with a woman named Vittoria.  They are on the adventure of a lifetime.  While in Rome they are looking for the ancient brotherhood of the Illuminati, who are threatening to destroy the center of the Catholic religion.<br/><br/> Dan Brown has a knack for using historical facts and twisting them to create an interesting story.  His knowledge of the history of the Catholic Church makes for not only a story but a lesson, as well.<br/><br/> His characters are so well developed that, while reading the novel, you forget that they are not real people.  You always know what the characters would be wearing, how their hair looks, feel you know them so well.<br/><br/> His descriptions of the locations where events took place were extraordinary.  Never having been to Rome myself, I felt as though I were there.  His accounts of the artwork allowed me to visualize the pieces very well.<br/><br/> The story itself was superbly told.  Dan Brown definitely has a way with words.  I loved the integration of the symbolism.  The signs of the Catholic faith and the signs of the Illuminati were magnificent.  There are universally known symbols of the Catholicism that he wrote about that I found fascinating in the context of the story.<br/><br/> The dialogue was great and I found myself pretending to be some of the characters.<br/><br/> I can only assume his other novels are just as wonderful.  Some, I have heard are even better, though I don't know how this is possible.  I look forward to reading them.  All in all, I give Angels &amp; Demons by: Dan Brown five out of five stars.
 A great story of investigation and suspense mixed with action.
 Angels and Demons was a quick-paced and thrilling read.  Dan Brown is a master at creating cliff-hangers at the end of his chapters that make you want to keep turning the page.  I just had a little trouble with the ending of the book.  It seemed to me that you really had to suspend belief to accept that all of the events could occur in such a short time-span without the "hero" being beaten to a pulp.
 I am disappointed with this book, despite having high expectations after watching the movie, and appreciating the subject matter (Illuminati, antimatter), mystery, plot. In my opinion, this book was dry and clinical. I felt no empathy for the characters, and the plot lacked a kind of beat and suspense. There were no "hooks". Instead, it clinically described the scene and characters, rather than having a kind of visual representation, or literature, or a feeling that helps me to empathize with the characters or imagine scenes, like watching a movie. Good database (real art, places) and research from Dan Brown, just pretty dry until the very end.
 After reading the "DaVinci Code", I was curious to read another work by Dan Brown.  "Angels &amp; Demons" was even faster paced with more action and more suspense.<br/>Robert Langdon, Harvard Iconologist, will experience the most harrowing 24 hours of his entire life.  He will discover HSCTs-High Speed Civil Transports (Boston to Geneva in just 64 minutes), visit the famous CERN in Switzerland, find proof of the secret society the Illuminati, discover antimatter, and unearth a plot to destroy the Vatican.<br/>Maximilian Kohler, director general of the CERN (Conseil Europeen pour la Recherche Nucleaire) contacts Robert Langdon immediately following the murder of CERN physicist Leonardo Vetra.  What makes this murder so mysterious is the ambigram burned into the chest of Vetra.  It is a symbol for the ancient Galilean brotherhood known as the Illuminati.  Kohler needs Langdon's input on the situation.<br/>It seems that Vetra along with his physicist daughter Vittoria made a scientific discovery-antimatter- the most dangerous energy source known in the world.  Now Vetra was dead and the antimatter canister was missing.  The Illuminati which has promoted the interest of science versus blind religious faith has carried it to Rome and to the center of its ancient rival the Vatican.<br/>On the eve of a papal conclave four cardinals are suddenly missing.  They have been kidnapped to become sacrifices to the Church of the Illumination (the Illuminati lair).  One cardinal will be killed each hour starting at 8 pm until Midnight when the antimatter will explode somewhere beneath Vatican City.  Each cardinal will be branded with an ambigram at one of the four markers in Rome leading to the Illuminati lair.<br/>Langdon and Vittoria Vetra begin a frantic search against the clock for clues leading to the markers among the vast amount of Roman churches to find the four cardinals before its too late and locate the antimatter before it incinerates Vatican City.<br/>Brown incorporates many historical facts along with fiction to make a very interesting and entertaining story.  I found myself interested in the workings of the Vatican, art history especially Bernini, Galileo's work and the concept of the ambigram.
 Angels &amp; Demons was the first book of Dan Brown's that I read, before Da Vinci code and after the big fury and rush over his work.  This is a fantastic book, save for a few frustrations, which are more with Brown than the book contents itself. An excellent mystery  story with an interesting plot, dynamic characters, and a great twist. Also discusses in some detail the continuous battle between religion and science, with some interesting pro-science, pro-religion, pro-merger quotes and ideas. A great thinker book, and despite what people carp about, this book isn't a striker against Christianity at all. I would venture as far to state that this book actually advocates the position of the Church and its tenuous relationship in regards to science. The story and the moral questions brought up by the characters really struck a chord with me (being a religious engineer), and actually brought me closer to my faith.<br/><br/>That being said, Angels &amp; Demons unfortunately, ruins every Brown story you'll read afterwards, just because that's the level you'll be expecting. It is probably the best of Brown's work. However, Brown lacks the creativeness or courage to venture beyond his little niche of character, covert organizations, major twist, trust no one. He writes this sort of story well, but this style becomes tiring and mundane after the first two or three books. I am also frustrated by the inconsistencies in this book. It is one thing to write a fictional story, it is another thing to preface the book with "All things are true" sort of a statement and then lie about even the most fundamental of things -- that there is no such cult organization known as the Illuminati as the one described by Brown.<br/><br/>Or perhaps we ought to be thanking him for making us read other books and do some more research instead of assuming the truth in what he writes.
 This book kept my attention from beginning to end.  Loved Brown's knowledge of the Catholic Church and the way the puzzle kept unfolding.  Sometimes the solutions were a little too convenient, but still very intriguiing.
 Holy cow! Rome was the destination for my honeymoon, so when the book landed in Rome and started going to the various sites, I was in heaven, easily able to recognize what was being described. It takes on a whole new meaning when you have stood in front of the fountain where Langdon fights for his life. When my wife and I were in Rome, are running gag was "turn a corner see a fountain, take a picture." Thus, many of the referenced fountains in the book are in our photo album. I was like a kid a Christmas reading this book.<br/><br/>It was incredibly fastpaced and very entertaining. Too often I read reviews here that criticize authors for geographical errors or minor misspellings relating to other languages (Latin or Italian in this case). If you are truly that picky, read a non-fiction book or better yet an encyclopedia. I don't know Latin from Spanish, so who cares if its wrong or not. i'm interested in the story. Bottomline is, this one is just as ripe as Da Vinci Code for a movie.
 I am not sure what all of the fuss is about.  I personally thought this book was excellent.  Yet there are many who think Brown's books are literary hacks.  I am not sure where that comes from because I personally like his straight forward de-verbalized style.  The books that do not interest me are the ones whose authors continually try to prove how smart they are with a bunch of big words that I must constantly look up in a dictionary to understand their meaning.  I am a college graduate, I consider myself of normal intelligence and this book did not insult me at all.<br/>Back to the review of the book, I could barely put it down.  I usually take weeks to read books and I finished this one in a few days.  The book was very faced paced and somewhat far fetched at times, but hey folks, thats why they call it fiction.  I did find that many of Brown's references were based in facts, but that is often as far as it went.  From there he developed his own story line and I was tremendously entertained by it.  Five stars for me.
 A lot of people have heard about Dan Brown as the author of The Da Vinci Code. However, not as many people know that before The Da Vinci Code, Brown had written Angels and Demons.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons is a thrilling novel that is filled with mystery of a secret society that has been labeled to be a diabolic cult. The book reveals the opposition between science and religion have had over the ages. It also manages to bring science and religion together by saying that science is the language of religion. The book has been set up to tell the story in different points of view one by the main character Robert Langdon and the other by a mysterious assassin. The novel is very detailed which makes it easier for a reader to get an image of the different settings that are introduced.<br/><br/>I can recommend this novel to any person that enjoys a good mystery. From the first chapter the mystery of the surfacing of a secret cult that was thought to have vanished will captivate you. Then more mysteries will keep you motivated to read the next page until you get to the end of the book. I can also recommend this book to people that are interesting in the stories of the old catholic church; because it reveals a dark side that the church has tried to keep hidden. Throughout the story you will be kept in exciting suspense as you will read about the longest day in the life of the main character. Shock is just one of the few words that can describe the ending as you find unravel the mystery of the ILLUMINATI.
 I picked up this book after reading the Da Vinci Code, which was a good but silly read, on the theory that Angels &amp; Demons might have more substance.  I was incredibly disappointed.<br/><br/>The plot is amazingly similar to the DaVinci Code in that Robert Langdon is called in to investigate the murder of a brilliant scientist (in DaVinci code it the murder of an art curator) based upon his credentials as a Harvard professor, and finds the time to solve the mystery and win the heart of the murder victim's beautiful daughter (in Da Vinci code Langdon won the heart of the victim' young granddaughter).  Also, as in the Da Vinci Code, the bad guys are a secret cult, this time known as the Illuminati, who have vowed to destroy the Catholic Church.  In other words, it is the same plot as in the Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>This book, however, is far stupider.  There are too many preposterous events to pick out just one, but some basic questions come to mind:  First, why would a brilliant Swiss scientist reach out to a Harvard art Professor to solve a murder, and why would someone smart enough to be such a professor accept the challenge?  Second, why would such a professor attempt to intercept a murderer/terrorist without seeking assistance from the police (not once but many times)?  Finally, why would the author think his readers are stupid enough to buy the idea that the terrorist/murderer managed to drawn a victim in the fountain at the Piazza Navona without drawing the attention of the people who would be sitting at the outdoor cafes that ring that fountain?  I mean really, why not have a murder go unwitnessed on the Spanish Steps or the Trevi Fountain or in the Middle of Times Square?<br/><br/>The book is full of other idiotic, albeit more subtle, inaccuracies thatare necessary for the plot to work.  My favorite was the characterization of one of Bernini's most famous statutes, the Ecstacy of St. Teresa, as obscure.  This sculpture and the Church in which it is housed, would be highly recommended in any tour book of Rome and would be well known to a Harvard art history professor.<br/><br/>However, the real problem is the implausibility of the actual plot that Langdon unravels during the last 50 pages of this 500+ page book.  Brown was wise to hide the catalyst for the events until the end because the motivation behind this murder/kidnapping plot is preposterous and even if weren't ridiculous, the antagonist could never have executed the events described during the time frame proposed by the book.<br/><br/>The book is not tough to read, but it is ludicrous.  I would liken this to eating a huge thing of cotton candy -- fun while you did it, but when you finish you scratch your head and wonder why.  The stupidity would not bother me so much if Dan Brown did not start out his books with his list of "facts."  As usual, Dan Brown promised a plausible story and as usual, he did not deliver.
 This is the most ridiculous book I have read.. maybe ever!  The only way it succeeds is in earning more royalties for Mr. Brown.<br/><br/>The plot is far fetched, but remotely plausible.  But the revelation and resolution of the primary threat purely by devine intervention is way too much, and the escape from the helicopter is just plain stupid. The plot has no depth... the bad guys (arab extremist, of course ... trite and hackneyed) are all bad and the good guys, all good.  To think I wasted my time in reading this one dimensional work when there are great reads awaiting, well it just plain hurts!<br/><br/>Brown's The DeVinci Code was great.  Such a shame he stooped to this level on Angels and Demons.  The author hath no pride!!!
 Angels and Demons is by far Dan Brown's best novel.  This book is a non-stop thrill ride; a real page-turner.  The story is intricate, with surprising plot twists at the most unexpected places.  The scenic details are phenomenal!  This book beats "The Da Vinci Code" (which I really enjoyed) by a longshot.  Fabulous!  Well-written, exceptionally thought out!  An excellent entertaining, enjoyable, yet interesting and educational adventure!
 My second favorite to the Divinci code for writing, but for historical interest this one is my favorite.  It has the predictable Dan Brown underpinnings, but the information, thrill and unpredictable twists make up for it.  Offered an interesting and timely insight into the election of a new Pope, and the history and potential power of the Vatican I never understood before.  Would recommend it purely for the historical and present time value.
 angels and demons.  starts slow, gets better, however, along about the last 1/3 of the book the science becomes wonkier than chaos theory on lsd.  most of the science throughout the book works, and, believe it or not there is a basis for all the CERN science although liberties are taken, and then forgotten or just not explained in terms of whatever reality the reader is occupying at the time.<br/><br/>this one just didn't hold together like the da vinci code although the stories are good ones and not badly written this one just doesn't know when to quit.  read it for a good story, explore the real science yourself. that's the most interesting part.
 This is an exciting adventure mixing theology wih science.  The writing was excellent, the pace great--it kept the reader in suspense.  I felt the story let the reader down in the end because I got the distinct feeling the author didn't know how to conclude it--or perhpas became bored in his project.  If the author did a little research on practices and the values they uphold in the Catholic Church, his conclusions and ending are preposterous.  Without revealing the twist in the story, all I can say is the end of the book did not equal the excellent level of writing, suspense and story telling the main part of the book had. All in all, i think this novel is a better read than his most popular book, Da Vinci Code.  Becasue of the implausible end, I only give it four stars.
 I was recommended this book by my sister. I was sceptical. Secret conspiracies? Missing popes? Mundane professors attempting to save Vatican City? Sounds like a hopeful Stephan King wanna-be to me. I finally, from lack of anything else to read, picked it up and started reading. I never put it down.<br/><br/>  This phenomenal and masterly told tale introduces you to Robert Langdon, professor at Harvard for religious symbology. He recieves a mysterious fax of a body brutally murdered, and branded with the ambigram (a word that is the same upside down and right side up) Illuminati, a subject he has written a book on. The sender, who is the director of CERN, a groundbreaking science lab, summons Langdon to Switzerland to tell him about Illuminati, a violently anti-christ society which mysteriously dissapeared in the 1800's, and help him discover who murdered one of CERN's top scientists in the brutal manner.<br/><br/>  Little does Langdon know that this journey will end up as a frantic search to dismantle a lethal weapon, a deadly treasure hunt through Rome, and paricipating in the ancient battle between science and church. A definate must read. At the end you'll undoubtably find yourself staring mournfully at the cover, wishing that you hadn't finished. I even started again, as soon as I read the last word, and read the book a second time. Mixing up to date science with age old traditions, Dan Brown has created a book that will be on the bestseller list for decades.
 Angels and Demons is another controversial novel written by Dan Brown about the Catholic Church. It has been said that the Catholic Church can criticize The Da Vinci Code but that they cannot criticize Brown's work in Angels and Demons because it fully supports Roman Catholicism. Does it? The book only talks about what the Church has done wrong over the years. Is that supporting the Church? The purpose of Angels and Demons was to attack the Vatican once again with beliefs that Brown cannot even support.<br/><br/> I would recommend this book to anyone willing to withstand Dan Brown's constant assumptions about the Vatican and the Catholic Church. When I started reading Angels and Demons, I could not believe that Dan Brown had written it. I kept thinking, "This man wrote The Da Vinci Code and here he is supporting Catholicism." It was not until I was towards the end of the book, which included a surprise ending that gives it away, that I realized what was really going on. The purpose of the novel was to bring out all the negatives. Brown is really just trying to make the Vatican more vulnerable to attacks about how they lead the Church.<br/><br/> However, when reading the book I found the story/plot very interesting. The main characters, Robert Langdon and Vittoria Vetra, are on the adventure of their life. From the beginning of the novel, they are moving nonstop all the way to the dramatic ending. Brown keeps the mind wondering what is going to happen next. A frantic hunt through Rome to find a new weapon of mass destruction and the leader of an ancient brotherhood will not allow the reader to put the book down.<br/><br/> Brown does a phenomenal job of persuading readers to believe what he is writing. Readers find themselves asking "Could this possibly be true?" The answer is no. The Second Vatican does not function the way it is described in Angels and Demons. Brown brings back an ancient secret brotherhood, the Illuminati, whose destiny was to destroy the Catholic Church. He uses disturbing imagery to hook his readers into the non-stop action. He tells us that the Vatican branded and hung four Illuminati scientists some time ago for trying to disprove the bible with scientific findings. Yes, this may be true because the Catholic Church hasn't had perfect leaders in the past. However it was not to the degree that Brown described it. The Vatican made mistakes just as anyone would. Is this any different than the mistakes other religions or groups of power have made? Once again, Dan Brown is trying to weaken the morale of the Catholic Church by throwing out false ideas and teachings. I really wish he would give it a rest.
 Let me start by saying that I really enjoyed reading this book.  I literally could not put it down.  I was kind of disappointed by the ending though.  I remember having similar thoughts about the Da Vinci Code.  Brown is really good at giving readers a thrill ride but then it just sort of fizzles at the end.  You are told who the "bad guy" is and you're just like: "Oh. Meh."  But I still give it 4 stars because overall I enjoyed the hell out of it.
 Harvard symboligist Robert Langdon is at it again. In Angels and Deamons Robert and his new found accomplis, Vittoria, a Bio Entanglement Physicist, come together to weave an incredible, not-able-to-put-down story. You already have an instant connection between the two, but when you add a nerve racking scavenger hunt along the "Road of Illumination" to find the dangerous anitmatter substance, the ancient brotherhood of Illuminati eliminating the four choices for the next pope election while it is taking place, one by one with the brands of Fire, Water, Earth and Air, ironically in churches around Europe; a mystery inside CERN, the company of all-science that created the www, a murder, and more. Angels and Demons is a mind teaser that will leave you craving for more when the pages run out.
 I am not an avid reader, in fact I touch maybe 2 books a year. I picked this up to read on my long flights to and from the UK. I could not put the book down. It was an incredible read from beginning to end. When it started out, I was a little worried it was going to be a little too geeky-science for me, but then the story picked up and wisked me away to Rome and Vatican City. Being an Art History major in college, I could picture the places and things Dan Brown described in the story. The story is very fast-paced and there are so many twists and unexpected turns, it keeps you wanting more. The only reason I didn't give the full five stars is because the end was tied up too easily too quickly. I am looking forward to reading the Da Vinci Code now!!
 Hmm...When reading Angels &amp; Demons I felt like I was watching a Jerry Bruckheimer movie, which is exactly why I didn't like it.  Like watching a film by the infamous producer I was forced to suspend my disbelief beyond tolerable reason.  I was forced to believe that these unbelievable events could be resolved in 24 hours.  Above all, I was forced to contend with this pale thin plot formula for the length of about 570 pages.<br/><br/>Now I know you're asking why I bothered to finish this book.  For one thing, to Dan Brown's credit, it is undeniably a page-turner.  The puzzle solving was at least interesting, despite the knowledge of Brown's historical inaccuracies.  Otherwise, the character were more-or-less one dimensional and cliched.<br/><br/>The only reason I picked this book up was because of all the hype surrounding it and its follow-up, "The Da Vinci Code."  I am saddened to find that so many people can in fact be wrong about what is considered good literature.
 I sort of enjoyed The Da Vinci Code, despite being skeptical of many of the "historical facts" embedded in the story.  Angels and Demons, even though it was written before DVC, is more of the same, though less carefully written.  I am not even going to finish it.<br/><br/>If you're interested in the history of science, read The Discoverers, by Daniel Boorstin, which is non-fiction but exciting reading anyway.  Only read Angels and Demons if you have already read everything else and just want to pass the time.
 As a voracious reader, I have read the best. "Angels and Demons" is a heart-stopping thriller that keeps you turning pages until you arrive exhausted at the end. You're truly "in on the chase."  Improbable  as it seems, Dan Brown has combined nuclear physics and antimatter with  Renaissance art, old Rome and the Vatican. You conjure up the images in  your mind, but the icing on the cake is Brown's Web site which shows you  the CERN facilities, the plane and then the exquisite artwork of Bernini  and others as well as a peek inside the Vatican. It's a book that teaches,  makes you think, and entertains, all at the same time. Few authors can  accomplish that. Thanks, Dan Brown. You have a new fan.
 I picked Angels &amp; Demons up after I read the The Da Vinci Code, and I have to admit that I was hooked from page one. Yes, I'll admit that the plot twists are a little out there, but Brown is a master at keeping the reader turning those pages.  In some ways, I enjoyed this novel even more than I did The Da Vinci Code (maybe because I wasn't trying to figure out all those darn anagrams and codes before moving on...definitely slows you down). Dr. Robert Langdon is the Indiana Jones for the new millennium, and it's fun to imagine how this seemingly mild mannered professor gets caught up in these death defying situations, relying upon his intellect to get him out. I also enjoy Brown's skill in bringing you into exotic places and worlds you may have not seen . . . including the secret rooms of the Vatican. If you're looking for a few hours of escape and fantasy, then definitely try Angels &amp; Demons.
 A&amp;D is the 1st of the RL series but somehow, it gained recognition after the more controversial DVC, which seemingly attacked a particular religion.  A&amp;D is a good read,&amp; I actually find it faster paced than its RL sequel, but the only disappointment is that the author seems to be following a certain formula in writing.  The A&amp;D characters &amp; events are parallel with the DVC, almost one-on-one.  &amp; even the twists &amp; climaxes are quite predictable.  If you have read one, you know what to expect with the other.  Nonetheless,I enjoyed reading A&amp;D and have no regrets spending some late nights.
 I just finished this book like, five minutes ago, and I thought it was amazing. I am Catholic, and I would recommend this book to everyone; I am letting a friend from work read this book b/c I told her how amazing it was. This book goes into so much detail of everything. The murders, the churches, and the characters. It is absolutly amazing. Please, read this book. It is just amazing for all to read. I am going to start The Da Vinci Code tomorrow, and I have high hopes that it will be just as good, if not better than this book.
 I really enjoyed this book. I don't know much about art or Catholicism or antimatter for that fact so I can't comment on it's integrity. I can say it was an amusing story. Kept me well entertained and guessing until the end. I have not yet read da vinci code so I can't comment on their similarities either. There was a lot of description but I thought it was interspersed between action so I didn't find myself bored in between. I will say however it is a LONG book.
 I felt like every chapter there was a new twist or turn. Couldn't put the book down the entire time because I wanted to know what was going to happen next! Highly recommend!
 I am probably one of the only people that read this book before the DaVinci Code. My mother gave me this book to read because she thought it was my kind of book. She was right. I was completely enthralled by a murder mystery set in the Vatican, and the history lesson about the Vatican and Pope elections came in handy in the recent new election of the Pope! My friends were amazed when I explained how new popes were chosen and all from this book. I even refused to read DaVinci code because of all the hype, but I eventually gave in. I like this book better than the DaVinci Code anyway. It's a history lesson disguised as a murder mystery. I love it!
 I have listened to 100's of audio book and this is the first time I have come across a narrator I will never listen to again.  I only listened to 1/3 of the book because I just couldn't stand to listen to this poor reading.  The part of the book itself was well written and it's to bad they were not able to get Paul Michael.  He narrated the Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol - both EXCELLENT books and WELL read.<br/><br/>Mr. Poe has a tendency to over act.  LONG pauses, even when he says the chapters, it's with so much drama it wants to make me gag.  I'm guessing by his voice that he is a chain smoker, because of this you can't tell when the female character and the male character are making statements.<br/><br/>Get the book and read it, DON'T BUY THE AUDIO, unless they have it redone by Paul Michaels.
 In Dan Brown's Angels and Demons, he tells about a mysterious brotherhood that has been perceived as dead for centuries. When Robert Langdon receives a horrible fax photo, he is transported into Vatican City to try and decipher a long lost code on the path of Illumination.<br/>Brown is a genius. He takes the true, hard facts and studies all of the mystery surrounding them. Then he sees how these facts tie together. His observations are twisted into a breathtaking thriller. Brown writes in a way that always keeps you thinking.<br/>Having read this after The Da Vinci Code, I was already familiar with Brown's style of writing. I look back and see that this book may have been useful before The Da Vinci Code, but it is still a really great story standing on its own.<br/>I really have enjoyed this book and consider it one of the best books I have ever read. It is a catching read. I would recommend this book to anyone who is in the mood for a fast-paced thriller. You will be caught in Brown's writing trap and won't be able to put it down.
 Let's face it. Dan Brown is talented, although more in stirring controversy than writing sensibly. This book, together with Dan Vinci Code, tried to build up an impossible character (Robert Langdon) in unimaginable ways. The effort was in vain, unfortunately. The character is so lack of scientific logic and reasoning (forgive me if you are impressed by his intelligence) that the books popularity astonishes me.<br/><br/>Don't read this if you have yet to read to book.<br/><br/>Ask yourself, why in the world would Robert Langdon go to save Cardinal Baggia alone when he was surrounded by firefighters and fully aware of the cruelness of the hassassin? And, why would he go to Castle St. Angels alone when he could very well ask for the help from the Aussie reporter? This makes no sense.<br/><br/>I understand it may appeal for those who love fast paced thrillers. But a novel is not a season of 24. On TV, there could be forgiveness for the flaws in the plots, because you do not have time to ponder. But a novel? Please.
 Frequently, I read a book that is very entertaining, but the premise and/or parts of the plot are so absurd that the readers enjoyment is impacted.  I found this to be such a book.  A real page turner, on a truly interesting topic with some educational value, however, the protagonist is seemingly imbued with evil powers so overwhelming that nothing is beyond his abilities.  Some truly silly moments that detract from the overall impact of the novel.
 When more than 400 pages are spent to describe the happenings of six hours, the whole drama is delectably gripping -- especially when the author does a wonderful job of embedding twists and turns. Some parts of the plot are predictable, and some others could have been described in lesser words. I can imagine this book being dramatized in a 1.5 hr thriller movie. If the reader has been to Europe and seen some of the churches/chapels/forts/sculputures in Italy, she would have found the novel even more interesting.
 This is one of the best novels I've ever read.  It was engaging from the start.  I read this book before the DaVinci Code, and I recommend it to non-dogmatic folks who enjoy art, architecture and Christian history.  It probably would be offensive to some in that this book tackles theological questions that some sects of Christianity seem to have deemed off-limits.  For Brown's boldness in being true to the characters and topics --- I rate this one highly.  If this book ruffles your feathers regarding the Catholic Church and/or Christianity, good.
 This book was awesome.<br/><br/>The charcters were a bit on the unrealistic side but still maintained a believeability about themselves. The plot was amazingly complex, but exciting to watch unfold. The sense of mystery and the divine mixed with coverups and murder, was simply wonderful.<br/><br/>If this book were more compelling you would need a prescription. From first page to last it is an incredible read. Brown does an excellent job navigating the pages of history throughout the book without bogging down the storyline. He does an excellent job of keeping the reader held in suspense until the very last moment.<br/><br/>This book is one of those that naturally turn into a movie in your head, and you don't want to stop watching until the very last frame.
 Angels and Demons was one of the most interesting thrillers that I have ever read.  Being in Rome as I was a few years ago made the book even better.  I recommend it to anyone who loves history and thriller novels.  There are so many interesting facts in here, like the origin of the weird pyramid eye on the dollar bill, the space plane, the Vatican conclave ceremony, etc.
 Dan Brown's Angels and Demons could be simply summed up as another book that argues science vs. religion, but that would be untrue. Brown expertly intertwines complex plots and super-realistic settings into his books, and Angels and Demons is no exception. Renowned symbologist Robert Langdon is caught up in a plot involving the Vatican and an ancient foe of the church, the Illuminati. In a battle against time, Langdon must follow ancient clues to the original Church of Illumination. The amazing part though is that it is all true. Brown reveals little known facts about the Vatican and illuminati through his characters and scenery, enlightening the reader and adding an unheard of amount of realism into the story. Despite what HMellon writes, the little details and physics Brown includes are amazing and bring depth and realism to the plot. Brown's writing style prohibits time-consuming, wasteful scenes, and keeps the reader hooked. "Vittoria looked uneasy. "You think this is the marker?" Langdon nodded in amazement. Never in his life had he been so sure of anything. This was the first Illuminati marker. No doubt."  Every character must be doubted and believed, and the climax is nothing short of a miracle.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who is interested in science or religion enough to have a belief as to who is right.
 As the title says: exciting, but - plain. Why? Simply. For instance one minute you are in a roller coaster, next page you are buried by a cliché - so typical that you are wandering who is publishing this. If you are totally ignorant on any scientific topic, then maybe you will be whirled into a hurricane of his thriller, but if you at least know some algebra...though luck! Priest's daughter that doesn't know about conclave!? Weird, isn't it. Anyway, it's a good book for taking a break from some tougher subjects.
 I have never read any of Brown's work before and actually I was given an already read copy of this book by my mother who thought I'd enjoy it.  This is a very intelligent book that leaves you guessing at every turn, has you on the edge of your seat, and is educational as well.  I learned a lot about Catholic tradition, Illuminati, and history.  I can't wait to read another of his books.
 Even with it's imbecilic plot and dunderheaded verbiage, this is an entertaining book. If you find yourself one weekend with nothing to do after you scrub your friendly canine or polish your toenails, then this is the book for you. Be forewarned, however...the anticlimactic (gee, is it any coinicidence that The Da Vinci Code was anticlimactic, as well?), ludicrous ending is hardly worth the read. I realize that when perusing Angels and Demons one must keep in mind that it is what it is...fiction. For that reason the story up to a certain point is entertaining. The plot twist at the end, however, is so entirely outrageous that I would have liked Brown's work much better had I stopped two-thirds of the way into the book.
 What more can I say? WOW! Once I began reading this book, I could not, no matter how hard I tried, stop reading! Angels and Demons is full of mystery, excitement, suspense, and even romance! I won't write anything concerning the contents because the book is much better if you are oblivious to the plot. This book comes highly recommended! I've even begun distributing copies to my friends!
 I did not enjoy this book very much.  Having read the Da Vinci Code and loved it, I may have been expecting too much.  But make no mistake, Angels and Demons is NO Da Vinci Code!  The characters were flat, and the ending of the book (last 200 pgs) are completely disapointing.  It was not as enlightening (no pun intended) as Da Vinci nor does the reader learn as much about history, art, etc.  I realized I didn't like where the end was heading (think Hollywood over-the-top) but only after I was about 400 pgs into the darn book and couldn't stop there. I put this book down with a scowl and an "oh please" rather than a "wow!".
 I met Dan Brown while working in a local NH bookstore during one of his  signings (you'll see, it's in the acknowledgements).  I thought, "Nice  guy...seems smart...I guess I'll read the book".  Then I moved 3,000  miles away to the opposite coastline and read the book in my new home.  Big  mistake, huge mistake, I should have read the book first, when I had a  chance to talk to Dan Brown, then I should have worshipped the ground that  Dan Brown walks on.  This is an amazing book!  Very hard to put down and  full of action, suspense, and mystery.  Not only is it entertaining, but it  is written on a level that makes you constantly think, which explains why  you don't eat or sleep until the book is done.  This book is the best  $20.00 you can spend, without a doubt.  Please, Dan Brown, write us  another...
 Excellent book.  Thanks to a friend's recommendation, I read this book first before The Da Vinci Code, and I recommend you do the same.  The plot, and the detail art &amp; religious history are the high points.  The only negative is the "formulaic writing" other reviewers have mentioned. Once you've read one of Dan Brown's books, the plots of the others feel very familiar.
 I selected Dan Brown's "Angels and Demons" because I read and enjoyed the "Da Vinci Code" and heard the prequel was even more captivating and exciting. After reading the book I agree with all the reviews and hype.<br/><br/> Dan Brown's protagonist Robert Langdon is a personable Harvard professor whose expertise in art history and symbols engage him in one of the most rigorous scavenger hunts across Rome. After the gory death of a respected scientist is linked together with the world's most satanic cult, the Illuminati, the Vatican becomes endangered. Langdon pairs up with youthful daughter of the deceased scientist to combine their knowledge of the arts and sciences to not only find the killer but save the Vatican. The pair is lead through the streets of Rome following a map out lined by some the city's finest art that only the educated eye is capable of following. The suspense of the book is heightened as the pair races the clock and encounters obstacle after obstacle. With every page the adventure thickens as Langdon and his partner are guided threw churches, secret passages, and deserted lairs while battling the evils of the Illuminati.  While the duo are out around Rome, Vatican City is partaking in the election of a new Pope. The tension rises as crucial members of the church are declared missing, disturbing the traditions of a holy ritual that have been laid out and followed for centuries before. The novel is a well balanced mix of religion, art, and science that intrigue the interests of a spectrum of readers. The time defining rivalry between the church and science leads to not only to ethical and moral conflicts but now physical and potentially devastating ones. After decades of being repressed and allegedly extinct, the Illuminati, is back for its grand and final revenge on the church.<br/><br/> Brown's style of writing is simple and direct which allows for an easy read. The straightforwardness of the writing is a relief from the complexity of the plot. The comprehension of the intricacy of the book is facilitated by Brown's technique which once again allows for a range in readers. Although the style of writing is not considered pretty or elegant, it does not seem to take away from the quality of the novel. The intricate detail of the plot makes up for what the writing lacks.<br/><br/> "Angels and Demons" is filled with historical references and facts that are linked and tied together with modern culture. Brown bridges and weaves together centuries in a brilliant way that makes for a fun and interesting read. Overall the novel is deserving of its fan base and praise. I do agree that it is better the "Da Vinci Code" because the plot is more interesting and seems to incorporate a bigger variety of aspects of history. The references to the church and art seem more realistic and easy to follow.
 Not being a professional reviewer but an avid reader I found Angels and Demons to be a great read and since I was on vacation when I read it, I titled my review a Perfect Beach Read. Mr. Brown has been able to tackle a  number of complex subjects, yet bring them all together in a logical,  cohesive and credible manner to derive an exciting edge of your seat  thriller. One of the criteria I have for book enjoyment is the idea of  giving up some other function or task just to be able to finish the book I  am reading. Such was the case with Angels and Demons. The little extra  sunburn I got was worth it. This book is a perfect James Bond/Indian Jones  type thriller. If you are looking for an adventure story set in the Vatican  amidst religion, politics and science then Dan Brown has done a grade A job  of doing so and will provide the reader with a great story.
 If you liked the Da Vinci code, you will like Angels and Demons too, but not nearly as much.  I skip-read a lot of parts because it was very predictable and I was already very familiar with the exact same formula from Da Vinci Code.  It would have probably been better for me had I let more time elapse between my reading of the DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons.  I read the two about 3 months apart.
 Throughout the story, the author has been very successful in holding suspenses and build up reader's expectations and climaxes. With the use of famous artworks, description of Rome's architecture and Galileo's work, the story becomes very interesting and substantial. His description of the hero and heroin are also fabulous; their warmth and faith in each other brings out the bright side of human nature, which is such a big contrast to the coldness of Kohler and the assassin. What surprises me is the sudden change of Camerlango Carlo Francesco. Although the change bring us with a big twist and irony which is needed for the development of plot, as reader, I must say I am unprepared for such a drastic change. As such I am quite uncomfortable after reading the truth of the story due to the tragic ending. Afterall, if you are not too serious with the message of the book, you will find it enjoyable and recommendable to read.
 Yes, Dan Brown weaves interesting ideas together, ideas which teeter on the fence between intellectually intriguing and tabloid nonsense. His writing, structurally, is fine - the order of events keeps you engaged at least, which is all you can ask of an audio book on a long drive (this may be the mark of good editing, to be fair). But his use of language - his actual 'writing' - is to say the least ham-fisted; it was generally obvious when he had resorted to Microsoft Word's thesaurus.<br/><br/>My main issue was not that I resent having my intelligence constantly insulted as the author reveals everyday general knowledge as though it were the result of expert research (the Swiss Guard patrols the Vatican? Who knew!) More of a problem is that the author consistently insults the intelligence of his own characters. His Harvard professor protagonist can barely get through a chapter without being dumbfounded by some revelation which I'd expect to find in a 9th grade World History text. Never mind the fact that this world-renown researcher needs help to translate Italian, which in his field would have been required just to get his Masters degree, never mind tenure.<br/><br/>This is, simply, a silly book. If you have to spend 18 hours driving cross-country, it is perfectly engaging. Just go in with appropriate expectations, and don't take it too seriously. If you have to actually exert yourself to the point of holding up the text, and turning pages, your energy can be better expended elsewhere.
 Angels &amp; Demons is a thriller in every sense of the word.  Make sure you have plenty of spare time on your hands when you start this because I guarantee you won't get much done until you finish it!  I was even tempted  to take it with me in the car so I could read a paragraph or two at  stoplights!  This novel shows the efforts of a truly creative writer and  bears the results of something you don't see very often in a thriller:  Research.  I enjoyed the discriptions of Vatican City and the Secret  Archives of the Vatican, as well as the Necropolis.  It's not often you  learn something historical in a thriller. The mixture of science and  religion is truly fascinating, as is the inclusion of the secret society  angle and the artwork of the ambigram.  I couldn't recommend this book any  higher.  Read it!
 I almost stopped reading 10 pages in. Dan Brown is clearly not a good writer. I did enjoy the intricacies of his detective work (Indiana Jones would be jealous), but everything else is rather silly.<br/><br/>*SPOILER WARNING*<br/><br/> The Mach 15 flight, the hilarious explanation for the containment of the anti-matter, and the astonishment at the symmetry of the Illuminati symbols (It approached parody-level at certain points; certainly it can't be so hard to believe when its RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE READER).<br/><br/> In addition, the silly way that the characters wonder if the Illuminati still exist ("They can't exist...can they??" paraphrase) and the pointless plot-'twist' at the end almost did it in. I skimmed through the last 50 pages or so, I was so bored.<br/><br/>Like I said, the detective work and references to history kept me interested (accurate or not), but this thing is pretty silly otherwise.
 Dan Brown surprised me. This book was a great overall read. I will not go into all the minor tidbits that he did mess up. I found this book both enlightening and wonderful. His description of the Vatican was outstanding. Just reading his words made me want to visit the area even more so. My only real complaint with this book as well as 'The Da Vinci Code" is this: both plots are the same with minor changes. One is placed in Rome and Vatican City (Angels and Demons) and the other in Paris ( The Da Vinci Code.) While both were good books, I prefer a change in pace and plot. Overall, worth the day and a half it took to read.
 Given that there are over 1,000 reviews, this one will likely get lost in the shuffle.  However, while never having written a review before, I feel like I have to speak out on _Angels &amp; Demons_.<br/><br/>The good: a real page turner.  The novel is like a drawn out Schwarzenegger action film with a lot of over-the-top science and twists.  It is certainly a fun ride, as long as you leave your brain disengaged.<br/><br/>The bad: I worked at CERN for 6.5 years.  My daughter was born as the Hopital de La Tour about 3/4 mile from the main campus.  I know the area well.  Dan Brown has apparently never been to CERN, even though it plays a very important role in the novel.  There were so many impossibilities involving just *travelling* to CERN in the first several chapters that my wife and I were howling with laughter.  (e.g.  Driving 170 kph to get from Geneva's airport to CERN is a near impossibility, given that it is mainly urban streets with a LOT of traffic!  I bought my second car at a dealership right next to the airport ... providing an idea of how urban this area truly is.  Plus CERN is only 10 minutes from the airport anyhow, driving at normal speeds.)  The CERN that is portrayed in the novel is far more exotic and enticing (and full of money) than reality.  Frankly, the real CERN with its budget problems, old industrial buildings, and eccentric scientists is much more interesting.<br/><br/>It really struck me as if Mr. Brown got all his CERN "facts" from a web site, and did very little in the way of checking these (such as making a simple trip to visit or at least talking to some high-energy physics professors, grad. students, or post-docs to sanity-check his portrayal of the very famous research facility).<br/><br/>Given such big slip-ups on CERN, I can only wonder on the other "facts" that are presented in the novel (and are displayed prominently on Dan Brown's web site).  Mr. Brown seems to have taken basic, isolated "facts" and then presented them as far far more than they truly are.  Most worrisome is how many readers seem to believe in Mr. Brown's extrapolations, and Mr. Brown's own discussions of the implications of these "facts" in interviews.<br/><br/>In the end: definitely a very fun book to read, even with the questionable research.  Note that this sort of novel (big historical conspiracies) has been done much better by Umberto Eco in _Foucalt's Pendulum_, which has much more philisophical discussion (ala P.K.Dick!) on the nature of history and reality.
 Dan Brown's "Angels &amp; Demons has many things to recommend it:  a well-paced plot, interesting characters, and above all a modern clash of two ancient enemies in a fascinating setting.  There are, however, some serious flaws in this novel.  There is a wealth of historical information presented, and some of it is obviously complete fiction woven in with fact to make for an interesting story.  There are, however, some errors which seem to be the result of faulty research.  For example, the protagonist (Robert Langdon, a religious symbologist) thinks that "Novus Ordo Seclorum" means "New Secular Order," which it does not.  Another character (a priest in the Vatican) thinks that the Catholic Church embraces Creationism, which it does not.  These mistakes along with others mar what is otherwise an enjoyable read.
 As a voracious reader, I have read the best. "Angels and Demons" is a heart-stopping thriller that keeps you turning pages until you arrive exhausted at the end. You're truly "in on the chase." Improbable as it seems, Dan Brown has combined nuclear physics and antimatter with Renaissance art, old Rome and the Vatican. You conjure up the images in your mind, but the icing on the cake is Brown's Web site which shows you the CERN facilities, the plane and then the exquisite artwork of Bernini and others as well as a peek inside the Vatican. It's a book that teaches, makes you think, and entertains, all at the same time. Few authors can accomplish that.
 Angels and Demons is a great read.  It's not well researched, however.  For example, Dan Brown suggests that popes can still be elected by acclamation even though Pope John Paul II did away with that form of election in Universi Dominici Gregis.  The book is still very entertaining.  A must read for anyone who liked the Da Vinci Code.
 I read this book before I read The Da Vinci code. This has got to be my favorite book of all time. Long, but I would definitely read it again. Unable to put it down. I enjoyed reading this book more than The Da Vinci Code. I recommend this to anybody who loves a good mystery/thriller. Don't read it if you are sensitive to the whole catholic subject. People forget that this book is a fictional book and they get really defensive. Keep an open mind and just go along for the ride...
 I read this after reading the Davinci Code. It follows too much of the same pattern but since I loved the first protagonist, I read on. It is intersting in some parts and gory in others and also exciting near the end but then gets very tedious. Brown manages to totally destroy the book with the ending. It seems he couldn't end with anything inspirational or thought provoking. The ending, in fact, made me angry that he had wrecked the book to propogate his own cynicism.
 A much over-rated book by a much over-rated author. OK, you learn a bit about the Illuminati, and the Freemasons society, but other than that, pure drivel! The author builds some sense of suspense, but then, nothing happens!<br/>It seems that the only ones who really liked this book were people who rarely, if ever read!<br/> I was going to read the Da Vinci Code, but after reading this thing, why bother?<br/> It seems the author is more interested in gettting his misguided point across, than writing a thriller!
 It's just entertaining. The reviews below praise this book better.<br/>All I can add is that this writer seems to be very good at keeping a lot of different sub-plots going at the same time and yet tying them together at the end.<br/>I know nothing of Catholic theology, the Vatican, Rome or anti-matter: but this book sure makes it interesting.<br/>A thriller with a brain...praise the lord.
 I think this thriller is pretty good. It is the prequel to Da Vinci Code and its only relation to the book is that it has the character of Robert Langdon. There are 137 chapters that range in length from 1 to 6 pages. The first 20 chapters are a little slow but soon it gets riveting and intense and very hard to put down. The end is very good and there are surprises after surprises in this book that are very well crafted
 I really enjoyed The Davinci Code. Then I went back to read Angels and Demons hoping for more of the same. It started out ok, then kind of drifted aimlessly, and then seemed to be more of an Indiana Jones type story for awhile, then ended weakly. I couldn't wait for it to end, quite unlike how I felt reading The DaVinci Code. I was recommended to read Dan Brown's earlier novels, but after this one, I can see why he went somewhat unnoticed until The Davinci Code.
 I was taking a long road trip, so I decided to listen to the book first instead of reading it.  Big mistake!!  The narrator/actor's over-the-top melodramatic style of reading only magnified the annoying way in which Mr. Brown seems to absolutely refuse to give the reader any straight information.  We know that Langdon is gazing upon one of the most horrific things he's ever seen, but we won't know what it is for about fifty pages!<br/>  As the end neared, I found myself getting irritated at a book!  Who does that?  And I don't know if I was bothered by the content, or the cheesy, dinner theater-style presentation.  I adored Da Vinci Code.  I think I would have an entirely different opinion of this book if I'd read it first!  Lesson learned!
 I had to read this book as fast as I could--I did not want to stop!!  This book and the Da Vinci Code are both totally gripping to the end.  Good story, likable hero, interesting ideas raised about the Catholic Church and religion, and engrossing!  Make sure you have time set aside to devote to it before you start to read!
 I like many others picked up this novel after reading Brown's, The Da Vinci Code.  This book did an exceptionally good job of keeping my interest as it explains many of the ideas referenced in The Da Vinci Code.  I decided to rate this a 3 for the fact that it was interesting an interesting read however, I felt like I reading the first novel for a second time.  Don't let the 3 fool you I still believe its a good book and definitely worth the read. I would especially recommend this novel especially to someone who enjoyed The Da Vinci Code and would like to explore more work from this author.  All in all I don't see predict this book as being nearly as ground breaking as his others more of a good addition to the fame of The Da Vinci Code.
 I read this after the DaVinci Code and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The pace was quick and the tour of the Vatican and surrounding areas was fascinating.  I have not been to Italy, nor am I of that heritage. Neither am I Roman Catholic.  I found the lore to be fascinating, even more compelling than the DaVinci Code.  Again, one has to keep in perspective that it is fiction, based loosely on history and other factual things which makes the story even more interesting.  Highly recommended whether or not you read or liked the DaVinci Code.
 Like the DA VINCI CODE, this is an excellent read and like that great book, I couldn't put ANGELS AND DEMONS down. The history and geography are incredibly well researched by Brown and not only do you find yourself reading a novel but you're educated as well. This is typical Dan Brown and let me tell you, that ain't bad.
 It was mostly entertaining... the backdrop is awesome... but the ending is a bit ragged... it was overall good story telling...
 Wow.  That was all I could say about this novel.  I orginally had planned to read The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown; unexpectedly I found this book, and came to realize that it was the predecessor to The Da Vinci Code.<br/>I instantly sat down and dove into this book and simply could not put it down!  The further I read in this novel, the more captivated by it I became.  Dan Brown manages to create twists at almost every point.  Though some parts of the novel slightly confusing, overall the novel was well written, and clear.  I would suggest this to anyone who likes mysteries linked with accurate historical information.
 Angels and Demons, like all of Dan Brown's books are best read without taking his words as facts. If you start checking his claims, they start to crumble. 'Novus Ordo Seclorum' doesn't mean New Secular Order but rather New Order of the Centuries - and this is just one of the things that jumped at me, without even doing any in-depth checks.<br/><br/>One of the things that bother me is that although all his characters are scientists, they talk and behave like idiots, as Dan tries to explain to his readers some scientific concepts he doesn't understand himself.<br/><br/>Like all his books, A&amp;D is full of mysteries, twists and turns, some more effective than others.<br/><br/>Overall, it's an enjoyable read for a rainy Sunday. Just don't take it too seriously
 This was my first Dan Brown experience and I have to say I was not disappointed.  Angels &amp; Demons is next to impossible to put down.  With his research and history of Rome and Vatican City as an added plus - I would definately receommend this to any other readers.  The main character in the book, Robert Langdon is brought to life by Brown and is the epic hero of old throughout his adventures.  The plot is thick with murder, occult, chases, secrecy, and mysteries all unfolding rapidly page after page.  Just when you think the mystery is solved and everything wraps up the end mounts to yet another shocking twist.  If you've read this far I can promise you won't be sorry for buying this treasure.  I look forward to The DaVinci Code....
 After reading Dan Brown's amazing The da Vinci Code, a friend of mine suggested I pick up another of his books, Angels and Demons. Upon learning that it actually had the same riveting main character, the Harvard Symbology Professor Robert Langdon, I was immediately hooked.<br/>Informative may be an understatement with this book. Brown never ceases to amaze with his facts and information, revealing truths behind some of the greatest religious and scientific misconceptions.<br/>The story, with ancient cults, a disturbing murder, and mad assassins keeps you intrigued and reading until the climatic ending, which is so unexpected it leaves you craving for more<br/>I highly recommend this book to anyone and everyone. Five stars all around.
 I've just been introduced to Dan Brown.  I'm hooked!!  Mr. Brown's fictional worlds are absolutely compelling.  His indepth research into his stories make them fascinating and believable.<br/>The intricate details are woven into a mystery that grabs you and won't let go.  Excellent work.  Don't miss this great book!!
 Dan Brown has more than done it again!  Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. This book is definitely more than 10 stars.  I have shown this ambigramic cover to over 25 different people. Everyone has said  how did he do that?  And over half said I was showing them the book upside  down. And then when I show them the cover looks the same right side up or  upside down, they can't believe it even more. The book is as great as the  cover. Not only is it a great story, but it asks universal questions at the  same time. Angels - Demons; God(s) - no God(s); Religion - Science; good -  evil; life - death; love - hate; fiction? -fact?; matter - antimatter;  light - dark; like - dislike; Illuminati - Catholicism; laughing - crying;  pain - happiness; killings - miracles?; should we? or shouldn't we?, and  many more. The sign of a good book for me is one that I can't put down  until it ends.  And this one ended (unfortunately) the same day I received  it in the mail.  Talk about not being able to put it down. (1)English -  Latin - French - Greek (2)Earth - Air - Fire - Water (3)Nile - Ganges -  Danube - Rio Plata (4)The Inquisition - Knights Templar - Cruscades - La  Puga (5)Dissimulation - Camouflage (6)The Great Seal - The Great Castration  (7)Hassassin - Terrorism (8)Iambic Pentameter - Couplets (9)Substantiate -  Suffocate (10)Cross - Yin Yang - Jewish Star - Swastica (11)God -  Illuminati - Shaitan - Satan (12)Antimatter - Time Zero - Hadron Collider  Particle Accelerator - Airtight Nano Composite Shells (13)Kilotons -  Weaponry - Payload - Destruction (14)Electron - Volts - Joules -  Constuctive (15)Zeus - Janus - Poseidon - Helios (16)Michaelangelo -  Basilica - Bernini - St Peter's Square (17)Marisa - Sachiko - Kanara - V.  Vetra (18)Wahad - tintain - thalatha - arbaa (19)Galeleo - John Milton;  Einstein - Dan Brown  (20)Dan Brown - Exeter?  Robert Langdon - Exeter.  I can't believe all the information that Dan Brown has put into this book  and made it all make sense.  I'll bet the next time you take out a one  dollar bill, you'll take a closer look at "The Great Seal."  (1)Novus Ordo Seclorum - A New Order of The Ages (2)Annuit Coeptis-God Has  Favored Our Undertaking  (3)E Pluribus Unum - One Out Of Many  (4)In God We  Trust (5)13 leaves; 13 berries; 13 arrows; 13 stars; 13 layers on the  pyramid; 13 letters in Annuit Coeptis; 13 letters in E Pluribus Unum Who  said 13 was unlucky? Quis Custodiet Ipsos Custodes? I know everyone will  enjoy this great book!  Don't forget Digital  Fortress<br/>128-10-93-85-10-128-98-112-6-6-25-126-39-1-68-78
 Twists and turns all around but the way Brown ties them all together as the story progresses is one to marvel at. In my opinion I feel like this was the best of his Langdon series given the amount of thought he put into creating the tricky situations Langdon had to maneuver throughout the book.
 This book does make some implausable leaps, but its allowed to do so because its a work of fiction.  I found the information entertaining and the storyline believable enough that I could keep reading without stopping to say, "What the...". Character development is poor but it didn't bother me that much as many books nowadays lack the careful character development of past authors.  As far as the research information in the book goes, its definitely intriguing, although debatable.  But, in defense of the research, how many people in the world can say that they haven't skewed a some research in their favor while writing a report or term paper.  I think that if you have interest in the subject this book deals with and can get past a few leaps of imagination without getting completely off kilter you'll like this book or at least find it intersting.  Conversely, if your a literary afficiando that needs everything to be totally in order you probably won't like the book at all.
 This book is the perfect book to read while you are on the toilet.  It is essentially the plot of some kooky, low budget tv series - imagine Buffy the Vampire Slayer, an replace the vampires with some sketch mystery cult, and you've got it.  The plot is clumsily amateurish - we understand one group to be good because we are told so, the other group is of course evil, because they have to blow something up.  Every chapter ends with some kind of "omygoodness what could possibly happen next" hanger, which each subsequent chapter seems desparate to top - to absurdity and beyond!  I generally enjoy tripe like this, a la Clive Cussler adventures, but this book really couldn't hold my attention for longer than a couple of chapters at a time (hence a bathroom reader).  Something about the best assassin in the world being overcome by one clumsy scientist and his partially bound love interest really is laughable.  Oh well.  Better luck next time Dan.
 I first tried to read Angels &amp; Demons when it first came out (before DaVinci Code).  I couldn't get past the first chapter.  It was so incredibly bad.  Nor could I get past the first chapter of DaVinci Code.  Good grief!!!  How can anyone sit through a book that does nothing but go on, and on, and on, and on, and on---get my drift?<br/>The really bad historical research just turns off someone, like me, who has actually studied, and degreed in, history.  I don't mean revisionist, hate all Christianity, love all perversions, revile decency, type of history.  I've truly studied history and have always tried to maintain a balanced idea of what occurred.<br/>Dan Brown, on the other hand, has clearly never studied history, or he's taken classes by those who want to change history to meet their agenda. Either way, he comes across as a real buffoon since he can't separate reality from fiction.<br/>Anyway, after the DaVinci code was released (which I couldn't finish), I tried to re-read Angels &amp; Demons.  Nope, no can do.  Still bad.  Still drivel.  Into the recycle bin it went.  Thank the Good Lord, I didn't pay too much for it.  Half-Priced Books Store to the rescue there!!!
 Like many people, I read this AFTER reading The Da Vinci Code.  It provided some better insight into the main character, and while Da Vinci Code gets all the attention and controversy, I think that Angels &amp; Demons is at least as controversial, if not more so.  It is an adventurous, easily read exciting book, but the ending leaves something to be desired - it is not very plausible, if not simply impossible.
 Unlike most readers, I had the chance to read Angels and Demons before I read The DaVinci Code.  Angels is definitely better than the latter - better pacing, better plot, and the timing and suspense kept me on the edge of my seat.  I also liked learning a lot about the Catholic Church, CERN, and the Illuminati. I love the ambigrams all over the book (Check out the title page, flip it upside down and see what happens!) This is definitely on top of my "to be read again for enjoyment" list.  I hope the upcoming movie does it justice!
 In Angels and Demons, Professor Robert Langdon is thrust into a world of intrigue and peril as he tries to solve the mystery of the Illuminati and save the Vatican.  A page turning story that has a wonderful twist at the end!  A not-to-be missed prelude to The DaVinci Code.<br/>Dan Brown's Angels and Demons offers up something for everyone.  A great story with life and death drama, along with a well researched amount of science, art and history.
 If you read Angels and Demonds before Da Vinci, then you might spoil the extent of thrill in Da Vinci. Both books follow a similar story and the lead characters follow a similar relationship as Da Vinci.<br/><br/>Both novels are unrelated as far as the subject matter is concerned but I would say Angels and Demons has some striking themes which will keep you involved and thinking.<br/><br/>Lastly, the amount of fiction in this novel is exaggerated but there is important learning involved.
 Brown creates interesting situations.  He is able to connect you with his characters and feel what they are feeling.  I also like his mix of history and fiction.
 To be perfectly honestly I haven't picked up a good fiction book in a long time (I blame textbooks and studying) but once I starting reading Angels and Demons I had a tough time putting it down.  It's one of those books that really makes you think about whats going to happen next and Brown does a wonderful job of sending you in completely the wrong direction.  The plot does sometimes get perhaps a little hard to swallow but nothing that would make you stop reading in frustration.<br/>One of the best things I found about the book is Brown's historical and scientific commentary which shows a lot of thought and reasearch went into creating the final product.<br/>A great read and one that I highly recommend to anyone who is even slightly interested.
 You cannot let the book down, you'll be reading until you reach the back cover page.<br/><br/>For me, this is as good, or maybe better, than Da Vinci Code, it's more thriller.<br/><br/>The movie is excellent, and it was amazing adaptation of the novel, not like Da Vinci Code, as I didn't enjoy the movie as I enjoyed the book.<br/><br/>Really Recommended,on the top of Dan Brown Pyramid.
 I couldn't put this book down.  I had read the DaVinci Code last year and liked it--didn't love it.  I loved Angels and Demons!  I felt it was a faster read than the Da Vinci Code and it held my interest more.  Perhaps because the action took place in a shorter period of time, I felt that it was more to the point and more suspensful than the DaVinci Code.  I found myself skimming parts of the Da Vinci Code, but I didn't skim at all with Angels and Demons.  I highly recommend this book--albeit a lot of it is far-fetched, but it is a great action read nevertheless.  I even read it on the treadmill at the gym and the time went faster!
 If an unbelievable story line doesn't bother you, then - on a positive note - the book can be said to roll along at a quick pace.  There's also interesting information on the Renaissance sculptor Bernini which led me to want to know more about him and his life.<br/><br/>Other than that, the plot is nonsensical and impossible.  And if I never read the word "camerlengo" again, it will be too soon.
 I am a fourteen year old boy and an avid reader. I loved this book and reccomended it to all of my friends and my teachers. The book spread like wildfire around my school and everyone loved it. This book wasn't made so that "experts" could test it out and critizice it. The first thing that came to my mind was comic book guy in the Simpsons whos fat and lonely and has no life except to go around acting like an expert. This book was made for everyday Americans and is a pretty sophisticated book. If this book can help to make teens and other adults to read more and expand their knowlegdge, then it is a good book. This book, and the Da Vinci Code, are some of the only books that teens read and is making teens read more. It captures everyone who reads it and I bet most parents would be happy if they saw their child reading a book like Angels &amp; Demons. Maybe those reviews are right about the different errors in the book but most of us are just schmoes living in the US of A. We're not going to care that about that "DUM mistake," which is a pretty sad joke. Only people who critizice because they think it makes them look smart when they're probably at home right now, lonely, overweight, and unmarried, would critizice such a good book. Everywhere and everyone i've talked to knows what Angel's &amp; Demons is. I just wanted to stand up for Dan Brown because I am appalled by what some of these people have said about his books. If you don't like it, then shut up and go write your own books and see if you can get them to be bestsellers and actually make a difference in the world instead of sitting at your computer, eating donuts and looking at porn you sorry-ass loners.
 Just started reading it and its so good I just got sucked into the book my teacher recommended it xD
 The Da Vinci code was great fun and I enjoyed it enormously. However when I read Angels and Demons I felt I was re-reading the Da Vinci code -- with some new names,and places and organization. In short Brown used the same plot and just plugs in different historical facts, inventions, and locations. Very boring. You read one Dan Brown you read them all. Don't waste money on his books.
 This was the usual thrill-a-minute book. Interesting concepts, lots of twists, turns and surprises. The author purports to be an authority on a number of subjects from symbology to theology. However, I did notice two mistakes. Brown writes that only Cardinals can be elected Pope; acutally any male (and, please God, someday any woman)can be elected Pope without even the need to be an ordained priest. Secondly, Brown defines "Devil's Advocate" as the cleric who vets any potential Pope. The "Devil's Advocate" is the cleric assigned to challenge the canonization of a person being considered for sainthood. These two points could have been easily researched --so how valid is the remainder of his research? I'm reading the "DaVinci Code" now, so I'll see how accurate he is.
 This rocket propelled novel starts off at mach 10 and only slows down a little bit to help the reader fully absorb new plot twists.  Before I knew it, I was on page 150.  Absolutely thrilling!  Dan Brown's mix of little known historical facts and little known technological wonders is breathtaking.  After finishing the book, I felt compelled to do a little independent research on the many historical references.  Not surprisingly, the author was spot on every time.  And the way Brown intertwined the historical references was genius.<br/>I finished this book faster than any other book I've read and rushed right out to buy "The DiVinci Code" (the sequel).  This is the first book review I've written.  I just can't help but recommend this book to anyone and everyone.
 I've read my fair share of mysteries and thriller novels but Angels &amp; Demons manages to blend the two genres seamlessly and skillfully. It combines that with plenty of historical facts and fiction (fiction that can almost be described as real!), though more in the line of story behind the Catholic church. A physical description of the buildings and terrain of Vatican City, worthy of any travelogue, both as it appears today and did historically is presented adding a realistic touch to the novel. For the information buff, mr. Brown has certainly provided adequate fodder. Dan Brown has created easily one of the most interesting novel to come this year. What better time to read this novel than now with a new Pope being decided. Angels &amp; Demons is a cannot miss.
 I went into the book store and asked for a recomendation.  I told the sales person that I do not enjoy mindless books for the mass public.  She then picks up exactly that.  If you're only looking to read because you want to look smart, well this is the book for you.  However if you are an evenly remotely intelligent person avoid this pseudo-litature at all cost.  The author pretends that he did all his research but if you are at all educated you can see right through it.  This book is written for a lowest common denominator audience.  The author even assumes that the reader wouldn't know basic facts about major historical figures.  If you enjoy Vin Diesel movies then pick up this book, rather yet just wait for him to star in the movie version and stop reading so I can avoid getting recomended books that are only being writen because of you.
 Is this book worth your time and money? There is only one way for me say this: I finished the book in a 24 hour period...at 3 am...I go to work at 6 am. My biggest complaint with this book is that it doesn't give you a logical stopping point to get on with your life, no boring lulls that allow you to get some sleep.
 One off his best
 I thought Angels and Demons was a good book overall. The book was suspensefull and kept you wanting to read the next chapter.It seemed a little long at times becuase it seemed like he could have ended the book at a couple places earlier in the book, but the ending he gave was still really good.  I liked how it kept you guessing at who was the good guy and who was the bad guy.<br/>  My only real problem wth the book is how i find some of the events in it a little unbeleiveable. Like when Langdon managaed to survive the fall from the helicopter with a real parachute.  I mean the idea of someone surviving that fall seems ridiculous. And it also seemed like a lot m ore went on then would have been allowed in just a 24 hour period.<br/>  All and all thought I thought the book was very entertaining and I like it a lot.
 Dan Brown is a neverending source of entertainment for me and this book is a must-have prequel to DaVinci Code.  The author researches his content so fully that you feel as if every word written were true.  He artfully teaches you while spinning a tale that you can't take your eyes from.  The only thing that has out done this book would be DaVinci Code!  From one author to another, Dan Brown is easily considered one of the best!
 Not the best book ever written, but a good time passer. I was very disappointed in The DaVinci Code (hate when I figure everything out before the characters do), but, knowing little about Rome, that wasn't a problem here. A strange, but interesting ending. It's not great theology, but entertaining all the same.
 Angels and Demons is one book that you wouldn't want to lay down once you start reading. Its great suspense left Jake speechless and kept Stephan reading chapter after chapter. However, Niki and I, being the only ones who had read The Da Vinci Code, thought the plot of these two stories were too similar. At first, this fact blocked us from appreciating the novel. Later on, we were all amazed by Dan Brown's ability to blend reality with fiction. We were starting to believe that the story could happen in real life. We picked up the hints the author planted along the adventure, and enjoyed the moment when mystery uncovered. However, the book was not perfect. Peter discovered many of the book's inaccuracies. For example, Dan Brown mentioned many religious myths that were not researched into or proved. We all loved the way Angels and Demons made us think. However, we realized, after all, it is actually a fictional story.
 This novel by Dan Brown, the author of "The DaVinci Code", is, not unsurprisingly, just as fast paced and as full of plot twists. Following the exposition, the action takes place almost entirely in Rome and the Vatican. In a macabre version of a treasure-hunt, the hero dashes around Rome following clues left long ago by Bernini, the 17th century sculptor. Incidentally, you will learn more than you ever needed to know about Bernini's masterpiece "The Ecstasy of St. Theresa". Anyway, it's a ripping yarn, combining mystery with science fiction, medieval secret societies, and the inner workings of the Vatican!
 This was such a good book. It will keep you on the edge of your seat. I liked it even better than the Da Vinci Code. This is another book about Robert Langdon as he is on a mission to stop the Vatican from getting blown up from a santanic group called the Illumanati. My only complaint was that it kinda of started out slow, but once you get to around page 150 it gets exciting and doesn't let up. I can't wait for the next book and the movie
 This is a comment I inteded to address to the author himself or to the person representing him, but unfortunately i could not get hold of a valid email. So I decided to post here instead.<br/><br/>I will not dwell on the contents or the plot, which have been commented upon by others. The point I would like to make here is the inesplicably erroneous use of the Italian language in Angels and Demons. As a student of translation and interpreting and as a native speaker of Italian, I cannot refrain from sharply criticizing the author for clearly not having had Italian quotes checked and probably relying solely on his own knowledge or possibly an online automatic translator? Hardly any of the Italian used in the book is correct. Most of it is in fact ridicolous or makes no sense whatsoever. It is a shame that a bestselling author who claims having researched thoroughly could not make an effort to ensure the correct use of a foreign language.
 I liked Angels and Demons better than the Da Vinci Code.  Has a lot of history in the book.  Even though it is over 700 pages it was a fast read.  Lots of action througout the book.  Definetely for people in their late teens or older.  Very descript and gory.  Would reccomend it to anyone interested in history, adventure.
 I read this book in two days, stopping only to go to school, sleep, or eat. It consumed me wholly: it was fast paced, smart, and very fun to read. So, why give it just three stars? I gave it three stars because some aspects of the book were wrong (such as some of the scientific information), the dialogue was a bit flat, Langdon seemed way too lucky way too often, and it was fairly predictable (though, I have to admit, the end took me a little by surprise). I'd recommend this book as something fun to read on a business trip or over a weekend of stormy weather, but be warned: it's an addictive read, and you won't want to stop once you've started.
 My favorite book of the series. Great characters, well developed &amp; great action
 I have to admit that I picked this book out just as I was starting to cool down from the Da Vinci Code buzz. It was an excellent thriller, with elaborate plots and unexpected twists. Since I had already been to Rome, I was quite familiar with most of the locations on Robert and Vittoria's adventure and the book made me feel as if I was right there in all the action. This book inspired me to research the order of the Illuminati and made me determined to one day return to Rome and go on a more "detailed" tour inside Vatican City!
 First off, an admission - i read this book in 2 days and enjoyed every minute of it.  But then again, I like Arnie movies - it doesn't mean i think they're good.  What really makes me laugh is the reviews claiming this is an 'intelligent' thriller - whether or not Dan Brown is intelligent (and he may well be), he certainly treats the reader like an imbecile.  Every two pages is a "startling revelation", which would be much more startling if the reader hadn't already figured it out a page and a half before "renowned Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon".  Brown obviously has some entertaining (if ridiculous) concepts for books, but he should employ a ghostwriter who knows how to write decent prose.
 As an author, I'm amazed at how readers love to flush out errors in a novel. By its very definition, a novel is fiction. True, most writers try to make novels as technically accurate as possible but they also have a license to bend and mold the truth to support the story. And this is exactly what Dan Brown does. Do I care that a plane doesn't exist that can fly at Mach 15? Not at all. Who knows, one may be in existence next year. But my point is, Angels &amp; Demons is an excellent work of fiction. Whether is 100% accurate in its definitions of technology, people, places, art, history, science . . . I couldn't care less. What I look for in a novel is pure escapism. And by this definition, this book excels to the nth degree. While I admit Mr. Brown's story line (even characters) is in some ways remarkably similar to "The Da Vinci Code" - actually since this was the predecessor to it, my comment is vice versa - it's still a captivating story mixing art, science, history, symbolism, and the Catholic Church. Twists and turns at every corner made this book extremly hard to put down. Robert Langdon is an imperfect hero - book smart and able to apply his knowledge and wares under the most intense situations. But also very much human, with human frailties such as his intense claustrophobia. He frequently draws wrong conclusions but makes up for it with startling revelations. A man afraid of a gun, yet forced (uncomfortably) time and time again into situations where one is needed. All in all, I'd strongly recommend this novel to anyone who enjoys the other masters of thrills - Douglas Preston &amp; Lincoln Child, Matthew Reilly and James Rollins. And unless you're intent on picking out fictious errors (Is that possible?), then I promise you'll find "Angels &amp; Demons" a very satisfying read.
 Dan Brown states in his introduction that "antimatter produces no pollution or radiation". I can't imagine where he found this 'fact', since actually radiation is the *sole product* of matter/antimatter annihilation. The mass is converted directly into radiation in the annihilation process, with no other intermediate steps.<br/>He then goes on to say that "A single gram of antimatter contains the energy of a 20-kiloton nuclear bomb - the size of the bomb dropped on Hiroshima." Actually bringing a gram of antimatter into contact with matter would produce a roughly 40-kiloton explosion, and the bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima was only around 10-13 kilotons (the 20 kiloton bomb was dropped on Nagasaki).<br/>Of course I wouldn't suggest that a fiction book should be judged by the technical accuracy of the author's introduction, but unfortunately in this case the introduction is merely a preview of absurdities to come. I was a little irked by the inaccuracies of the introduction, but when the book's hero got a ride to Geneva on a mach-15 super plane on page 11, I knew that this book was in big trouble. It really only goes down hill from there. Expect cardboard characters, ridiculous plot devices, unbelievable behavior, and deus ex machina galore. I'm really puzzled by all the positive reviews that this book has received. I strongly suggest skipping this one.
 Although this title actually came before The Da Vinci Code, made people get around to reading it following it.  This is the first of Dan Brown's books to employ Robert Langdon as its main character and although not quite up to the level of Da Vinci Code, it is very close.  The pace is fast -- I read the book in two days -- and the excitement high.  If you like intelligent thrillers and liked the Da Vinci Code, you will love this book.  If you haven't read the Da Vinci Code yet, even better -- start here and read both back to back!
 This book is written by the author of the Da Vinci Code and before the Da Vinci Code. It is thought provoking and a good thriller. But has some loose ends and the main character comes out looking weak and very unrealistic especially when he falls from a high point into water and basically gets up and walks off. Although the plot is somewhat flawed, the text of theories and ideas definitely make you think.
 This book is a waste of time for anyone who prefers to read a novel with credible happenings<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons-Movie-Tie-In-A-Novel/dp/1416580824/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons - Movie Tie-In: A Novel</a>.  The hero, Robert Langdon, is a veritable superhuman whose mental computations and physical prowess far exceed those of a normal human being - sad that the Illuminati should have chosen to take him on.  The reader can delve through pages of his processes and action and then realize only one minute of novel time has passed.  Brown twists time to the extent where he might as well have ended the novel on the first page.  The end is the "crowning glory" where Langdon parachutes to safety under a 10 kiloton blast, using only a tarp.  If the history of the Vatican and it's churches in Rome is true, it's the only thing which saves this novel from being pure drivel.
 Ok, so maybe I like the Catholic Church better, but I thought this one was better than his first one (I'm assuming it was Da Vinci Code). This one moved at a fast pace, especially towards the end.  In fact, I liked this book so much I ended up reading all of his books. They're all good.  Go read this one if you liked Da Vinci Code. Then read his other ones.
 Some people told me they like this one better than DaVinci Code.  I liked this one as much.  Where DaVinci's intrigue centers around the art history world, Angels is more of of an action-thriller set in the Vatican.  Really enjoyed this one and hope to see more Robert Langdon thrillers in the future.
 Wow. I ordered this book last week, got it yesterday, finished my college homework at 2:30 last night, wasn't really tired yet, and decided to read "just a little" before i went to bed. About 5 hours later when the sun came up i was still reading, and i knew that there was no way i'd stop until i finished the book.  Luckily for me i polished it off by 10:30.  This thriller grabbed me so quickly that i honestly did not put it down a single time after opening it.  Once again, i am amazed by the factual information that Brown writes around, it is just so shocking, and so well explained in the novel.  I thought that Angels and Demons was possibly even better than DaVinci Code, although obviously both are extrordinary works.  Kudos to Dan Brown for another great one, and keep them coming!
 This is an excellent "page-turner" of a novel.  Filled with historical accuracy and a frightening amount of scientific possibilities, Dan Brown has written a gripping drama of Science v. the Catholic Church.  Without a doubt, the best part is how this book ends.  You will think you can guess the ending, but keep reading, I guarantee you will be wrong.  Great book-one you won't want to put down.
 Really great. I loved it. If you liked DaVinci Code, you'll love this. The science-y side is really intresting and I still can't stop thinking about the concept of antimatter.<br/>a Harvard professor, Robert Langdon, gets a call in the middle of the night from the director of CERN. A horrible murder has been commited and a CERN scientist has been killed and branded with the symbol "illuminati" a satanic/anti-christian organization, thought to be extinct. When the anti-matter is missing from the dead scientist's lab, it is a paniced search for the destructive substance. A really amazing book. No matter what type of book you normally like, you'll be amazed with it.
 This was my first Dan Brown novel and I was simply blown away. The author is incredibly knowledgable and although at times it can get a bit technical, he weaves a clever story around the facts of history. I really would have enjoyed seeing this one go to film as the Da Vinci Code did. Angels and Demons was a fast paced, exciting novel that never let up with intrigue, mystery, and action. Worth reading without a doubt.<br/><br/>Is it worth buying?<br/><br/>Absolutely. A great novel to add to a home library.
 With all the hype surrounding The Da Vinci Code, I was expecting a lot from Dan Brown's first Robert Langdon novel.  I was exceedingly disappointed.  To Brown's credit, the book moves rather quickly and I didn't find myself bored at any point in the novel.  That said, I felt like much of the dialogue could have been written by a cross between George Lucas and Arnold Schwartzenegger.  The suspense in the book was largely contrived - the plot twists were simply the withholding of information.  And the "historical basis" was loose (I'm being generous) and the science was worse.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons is at times entertaining in the way of a Hollywood blockbuster.  If you're not interested in thinking much, then it is worth the read.  But if you are looking for anything more (character development, witty dialogue, believeable plot), then you should look elsewhere.
 I am not going to be analytical, profound, or any of the other suitable adjectives.<br/><br/>Frankly anything I could say would be merely repetitious. It has all been said below.<br/><br/>Let's face it. The novel is nonsense, but high class, page turning nonsense; so who's complaining.<br/><br/>The audio version is well read and presented.<br/><br/>Then why am I being negative.<br/><br/>To an Italiam speaking person, the Italian pronunciation is totally attrocious. It's a pity, because the text becomes involuntarily comical when trying to be serious, and it does interrupt the "enchantment". A little more attention is all it would have taken. A pity.
 A fast moving story that keeps you going, but the frequent scientific laspses like using an ohmic field detector to find a video signal instead of a directional radio finder. Another irritating thing is the recycling of the characters in the DaVinci Code.  Brown changes the names to protect the innocent but keep the personalities the same.
 Though this is a long book, it takes little time to read. That is because Dan Brown writes a book that is gripping and interesting. His characters come to life. He is the master of the cliffhanger--each chapter ends with a cliffhanger, and there are over a hundred chapters in the book. And it is full of all kinds of arcane knowledge. This is a wonderful book, and I highly recommend it to everyone.
 I found this book (up until the end) to be very entertaining.  I thought the character development was adequate and I'm not educated enough to notice the lingual nor historical errors.  The end... it kind of left me flat.  I felt the book could have ended in the tower.  The rest just left me tired.  Overall I found A&amp;D to be a well-written book; after reading I bought it for my mother.
 What book were these other reviewers reading?!?<br/>The Illuminati lore is poorly researched, the plot painfully transparent, and the overall pace of the book is erratic.<br/>If you are stuck in an airport, and need SOMETHING to read, I guess this book is okay. You'll probably finish it by the end of the flight, and can safely dispose of it in the destination airport's garbage can.
 "Angels &amp; Demons", at the time of this writing, is a distressing number 11 in the Amazon.com sales rankings. What a sad statement for the future of literature in America. This is a perfect example of what is passing for a "good" book nowadays - and it is so unbelievably bad in so many ways.<br/><br/>"Angels &amp; Demons" exhibits writing that is facile at best. The fact that author Dan Brown is a graduate of Phillips Exeter Academy (and former teacher at said institution) and an Amherst College alumnus makes this serious lack of talent even more alarming.<br/><br/>Mr. Brown seems to have improved his style a bit in his follow-up work, "The Da Vinci Code", but that does not forgive the sins of "Angels &amp; Demons". I will not even touch on the subject matter, as I believe it could have been handled much more deftly in the hands of a more skilled writer. This bumbling tale is simply "Umberto Eco for Dummies".<br/><br/>My critique of this book could form a dissertation, but I will save my breath, as it were. I will end my review with my opinion of the dénouement. The concocted ending to this torturous novel is, in my opinion, the most riduculous, convoluted, contrived, messy and shameful attempt to bring all the story lines together that I have ever had the misfortune of reading.<br/><br/>I will not be following the further exploits of Robert Langdon, Harvard Symbologist. Mr. Brown already has too much of my money. And although he is now laughing his way to the bank, Mr. Brown should by all accounts have paid better attention in his Ivy League writing courses.
 This book is much better than the DaVinci Code. There is a lot more attention to detail and historic figures that give a much better background suspense. There is still this great sense of cover-up conspiracy from the vatican; but the plot to this book is much thicker.  A great read.
 The story is very implausible. The characters are flat. I don't want to spoil anything, so no comment about the ending... You have to read to believe... Even so, I couldn't put this book down. Maybe Da Vinci Code is better. I don't know... They are in the same league. Highly entertaining.
 This was my first Dan Brown book.  I found Angels And Demons to be much better than the wildly popular The Da Vinci Code.  If you liked The Da Vinci Code, you should love this, and if you thought The Da Vinci Code was more hype than it was worth, perhaps you'll find this more to your liking.  This is a phenomenal book, a must read if you're at all interested in cult conspiracies or religious secrets.  Angels And Demons is full of suspense and movement.
 In my opinion, it's a good book but in comparison to the other works of the author, one's hope that this book is another brilliant bestseller is not fully satisfied.
 I usually don't go for science fiction books, which for me is what I'd have to label this for some of the things in this book to happen, but I wanted to keep reading to find out how it would end.
 This is a marvelous book.  It will keep you spellbound throughout.  Be prepared for late nights reading it.  It is very difficult to put down.  It is one of Dan Brown's finest works.
 All in all, this has the feel of a wannabe.  I really could not get over the kind of "dumbed down" feel of the stereotypical "Harvard professor" with his tweed schtick long enough to feel like I was reading something worthwhile.  Having read Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum", this felt a little like the juvenile version, watered down with enough summer thriller plot cliches to appeal to the beach reader and fool them into feeling like a "serious reader".<br/>If you want a book that spoon feeds you a plot that shouldn't be too difficult to predict after 15 pages, this is the one for you.  If you want the real read, pick up "Foucault's Pendulum" and commit to expanding your vocabulary and your attention span for more than is required of the 30-second commercial spot.
 FABULOUS, thought provoking story.  The highlight is easily the speech given by the Camerlengo as he describes the ongoing debate between RELIGION and SCIENCE, and clearly illusrates that both have a valuable place in our lives.  Just like YIN and YANG.  They define each other.  As always, Dan Brown's writing style is superb, and never loses my interest.  I have read all four of Dan Brown's books, and this one is my favorite.  Highly recommended.  AAAAAAAAA+++++++++++++++++
 I don't think much of this book.<br/><br/>Even if I find myself turned off in the first few pages of a book, I give it the benefit of the doubt and read it through. Very few times have I ever had to totally quit a book, and often I am won over. In this case I was receptive to being won over by any redeeming quality it might have had.<br/><br/>It is unfortunate that Dan Brown does not have what it takes at this point to write an intelligent and fulfilling novel.<br/><br/>Where do I start? His characters are going no-where and anyone can see that they are set up for movie adaptations. I thought that as I was reading the book and now I see that the DaVinci Code is coming out.<br/><br/>This central character is a bland Indiana Jones type professor who is supposed to get up to some heroics. But you know, this character is about as dumb as they come.  He studies this secret society that he considers to be defunct, yet he is trembling with awe when he sees a design of the word 'Illuminati' that is symetrical, can be read upside down. He insults us by having his character make escalating nonsense statements about these ambigrams. First, that artists have tried and failed for decades to produce such a design. Later that supercomputers have never been able to do it. The fact is that any sixth grade elementary school student can design one. There was a science magazine called Omni which had an ongoing reader contributed section in which readers were sending in their contributions back in the early 80s. Why insult us with these claims when he could have just shown the his symbols to us and claimed that the the professor was convinced they were genuine?<br/><br/>His narrative suggests that he considers the readers and the characters to be uneducated.<br/><br/>He tries his hand at science student jokes, but fails. On a Dorian column outside the building is a post-it note that says 'This column is Ionic'. 'No-no,' says Langdon the Professor, 'this is a Dorian Column' you can tell by the taper. And stereotyped German Science Genius in a Wheelchair Kohler, who is supposed to be leading him to a murder scene, quaintly answers 'no, that is a joke meaning the columns are made of ions'. Yes, quite like the vomit that I had to hold back when I read this.<br/><br/>A little later Langdon is doing one of his science-guy speeches and thinks, 'I'm sure Kohler has heard of Galileo'. No, Dan, why don't you teach us who Galileo was?<br/><br/>Has Dan Brown ever met a German?<br/><br/>Kohler is supposed to be a great mind in charge of this super facility yet he is in a position to learn Science History the lame and empty speeches of this tweedy indiana jones copy professor.<br/><br/>ok im just getting on with it with my suspension of disbelief whem Kohler mentions on p48 something about observing a "school of tuna fish". ugh. school of tuna. yes I know that was a joke. but is it worth it? - whats wrong w kohlers character? he's always saying damnit and what the hell and things only a poorly written american character would ever say - He speaks like neither a German nor a genius. Now hes saying tunafish! Does Dan know that there are countries out beyond our borders where NOBODY calls Tuna tunafish?<br/><br/>I am getting too specific and risk losing your attention so I will summarize.<br/><br/>Dan seems to love slinging crap onto things without any service to the plot. Ok. We have heroine Vittoria running around the Vatican in short-shorts cause she 'didn't think to bring anything else'. No-one lends her anything, she doesn't pick up anything running about Rome. Is this for the hollywood movie? Maybe. But whose fault is it that Vittoria has to break the Vaticans simple rules? Dan Brown's. He wouldn't send her to a fancy resturaunt dressed like that.<br/><br/>We have a grisly murder, with a naked Cardinal every chapter. This isnt a quality novel like Hemingways 'for whom the bell tolls' where one well placed death touches the reader profoundly. It is a nothingness of gratuitous humiliating imagery attached to a flimsy story.<br/><br/>Furthermore Langdon gets into the Vatican archives and ends up destroying the entire place because he gets locked in. But the locking in serves no plot purpose, nor does the sloppy method of escape. Simply, Dan's lack of respect is acted out by his characters.<br/><br/>There are books you read and think that they are much better than the film adaptations. That is as it should be. But something like this should go straight to film and never pretend to be reading material, in my humble opinion.<br/><br/>Towards the end with only minutes left to save Rome and the Vatican, little Langdon is STILL making lame speeches and wasting his breath and the little time hundreds of thousands of people supposedly have left according to his plot.<br/><br/>I see many people on the trains with Dan Brown's books and I think it is a shame.<br/><br/>Dan Brown gets rich. The minds of the readers are impoverished.
 This is Brown's prequel to the Da Vinci Code, well written about the Illuminati, Vatican secrets and one man who must search through history and its many secrets in order to solve the timeless riddles hidden there. Action-packed and well written. The history part of the book is superbly covered.
 Having heard so much about Dan Brown, and particularly the Da Vinci Code, I was very keen to read one of his novels. The best thing I can say about Angels and Demons is that Dan Brown had an interesting idea and executed it very poorly. This novel is built on an original precept but Brown lacks the writing ability to execute it properly, let alone stretch it out over a number of books (which I understand he has done).<br/><br/>Every character in this novel is a walking cliche. Although the descriptive language is interesting at times, Brown too often relies on tired imagery and cheesy similes. Worst of all, the main character Robert Langdon is clearly a thinly-veiled projection of the author's self-image, and as such the whole book stinks of self-aggrandisement. It doesn't help that Langdon is presented as a hyper-intellectual James Bond type with superhuman abilities.<br/><br/>The plot is a mixed bag. The premise is very interesting, but the lack of attention to technical detail is inexcusable. Every "twist" is heavily foreshadowed, which removes any element of suspense of surprise that might otherwise have been generated. The suspension of disbelief required to naviagate large chunks of the plot was too much for me, particularly in the farcical conclusion of the book. For a novel which aspires to fit its fiction into a historically accurate setting, it has almost no grounding in reality.<br/><br/>Reading Angels and Demons was a deeply disappointing experience. I managed to finish the book, but have sworn off anything else by Dan Brown on a permanent basis. The quality of writing on display here makes Wilbur Smith look like Ernest Hemingway.
 I've read all of the three adventures of Robert Langdon in less than a week (in Russian). What an experience!!! Yes, there might and will always will be someone who is not happy about these type of stories, but it is fiction, even though there are some elements of truth. These books make you think and wonder. They captivate you and keep you in suspense until the last page.<br/><br/>I hope Dan Brown will consider further adventure of Robert Langdon, or create an equal strong sequence, full of secrets, where myths and facts inter-wind resulting in an awesome reading.<br/><br/>Thank you
 This book is fascinating! I couldn't put it down! Each page led to another clue and to another piece of  plumb] history. This is way better than the movie and way better than da vinci's code. Hooray for the Symbologist!
 Well, let's not mince words.  This book features planes that go Mach 15, cliched stereotypical characters such as a brainless, evil mideastern assassin (known annoyingly as the Hassassin), a scavenger hunt plot of the type commonly found in children's fantasy such as Redwall, and... believe it or not... an attempt to blow up the Vatican City using antimatter.<br/><br/>Amazon has this to say: "It takes talent to make that novel anything but ridiculous."  I agree completely.  Mr. Brown hasn't the talent.<br/><br/>Aside from the horribly hyperdramatic nature of the story, which is so wildly implausible as to defy conventional criticism, the writing is terrible and seems mostly to have been a first draft.  To put it bluntly, Brown has a tin ear.  Any casual reader can find, for instance, numerous passages in which Brown unwittingly repeats himself rhythmically by rolling out a basic concept followed by two sentence fragments which rephrase it uselessly, like this:<br/><br/>"Langdon was overwhelmed.  At a loss.  Completely unsure of himself."<br/><br/>"Vittoria struggled to contain her passion.  Burned with fire.  Seethed."<br/><br/>"The plot was ludicrous.  Manifestly juvenile.  The brainstorm of a poorly-educated, slightly retarded child."<br/><br/>Seriously, folks, how do you forgive such shortcomings?  About the most that can be said for this novel is that if you assume it had to be soap-operatic, badly-phrased crap, it does at least succeed in compelling your attention most of the way through in the same way Grisham's novels do... but I don't make that assumption and I can't recommend the book.
 First of all, I would like to start off by saying that the point of a book is not to teach a class on history - it is to provide a fun and interesting story.  This book is overwhelmed with historical, geographical, scientific, and linguistic information, so it's no surprise that a little of it is messed up.  Still, I found this an incredibly good STORY, regardless of whatever facts may have been incorrectly presented.<br/>If you're looking for a good book, and not just something to help you brush up for your history exam, then I would recommend this novel.
 First I have to comment on the timely delivery of this book to my doorstep. Sure I lived countries away, but I was surprised because it came to our house just as estimated. I anticipated delays, as this book was the first ever purchase I made online, but was deeply pleased that it arrived on time. Now for the book, I've owned this for more than a year now and honestly, it never fails to wow me every time I re-read it. The movie version I should never have watched, though. It summarized the book badly. This is the first of Dan Brown's that I have read. After this, I am an instant fan and have been hounding bookstores for his other books since then.
 Wow! I haven't read "The DiVinci Code" yet, but this was just an incredible read. Dan Brown's storyline was thought provoking, innovative, educational, technical, modern, ancient, fast-paced and believable. It's amazing what you would need to know just to write this novel...a credit to the author. Everytime you think this story could end after an exhaustive stretch it just keeps going...and gets better! The detail is provided without drawing you too far from the action. After hearing all the buzz on "DiVinci" I thought I'd check this out first and I wasn't disappointed. I just hope "DiVinci" is as good...I've heard it both ways. I'm going to as for the illustrated version for Christmas...if I can wait that long! Enjoy!
 Even though this book was written prior to The DaVinci Code, it didn't become a phenomenon until after DaVinci had been on the bestseller list for quite a while.  Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon (central character from DaVinci) is intoduced here.  Once again Brown delves into secret societies, this time in Vatican City.  Very exciting plot and quite fast paced.  Requires some suspension of disbelief, but very worthwhile.
 What can I say that hasn't been said in the thousands of reviews?<br/><br/>This book has it ALL from bad geek puns on the t-shirts of frisbee-throwing scientists to papal self-immolation, from fat ladies flapping in vertical wind tunnels to Harvard Scholars parachuting into "raging" rivers under 5 kilo-ton anti-matter explosions protected only by a vinyl tarp. The middle-aged swimming protagonist is as breathless as the prose, nearly suffocating at every turn of the page.<br/><br/>The writing is truly atrocious to the point of absurdity, and that, along with the fabulous city of Rome as a backdrop, is what makes it worth reading at all. Brown throws foreshadowing around like teasers for the 11:00 news and keeps you reading the next chapter to see if what the characters whispered to each other is what you think they whispered (oh, and it probably is).<br/><br/>But it is fast paced, 137 chapters covering 24 hours works out to about 10 minutes apiece. Stereo-types and wafer thin characters keep you from having to think too much about it and you can blaze through it pretty quickly to get to the yoga at the end.<br/><br/>I guess my only wish is that more of the humor was intentional.
 Just finished Angels &amp; Demons, and Dan Brown has made a book that entertains just as much as it teaches.  As a history major, it is hard to find books that contain a little historical truth, much less a lot of it.  Brown has done that, and more.  A&amp;D gives a history lesson rivaling  those taught in any Ivy league school, yet carries the reader on a  multitude of hair-pin turns and thrill rides through Rome.  The twists come  right after another, culminating in a climax that is second to none.  Anyone who has an interest in the Vatican, the mysteries it holds within  its crypts and vaults, or just plain loves a good thriller, A&amp;D is the  book for you.  Excellent summer book to take to the beach, but bring the  suntan oil, you won't be moving for quite a while.
 I was completely blown away by this book.  My wife saw the paperback in the bookstore three days ago and brought it over to me.  One look at the back blurb and I was intrigued.  I started it that night and read the final page (page 569) less than an hour ago.  It held my attention, obviously.  I was fascinated with the history of the Illuminati and their battle with the Vatican, CERN and antimatter, the intriguing storyline, and the characters themselves.  Langdon, Vetra, the camerlengo, Mortati, etc., are all well-defined and developed characters that I quickly took a liking to.The visuals were stunning; I could clearly "see" what was happening and where they were. I am now a fan of Dan Brown and intend to read his other books.
 I have read Da Vinci Code and Digital Fortress, so I decided to read Angels and Demons.  This book was interesting at times, but it also had so many plot twists, and so many accidents that make the book go on and on forever.  I don't know, but Dan Brown seems to make too many things happen, it's almost forced.  I would stick with Da Vinci Code, this book isn't as interesting historically, and doesn't hold the same adventure as Da Vinci.
 Angels and Demons is a mixture of suspense, adventure, mystery, and action. If you like any of these genres, then this book will grab you and hold you as soon as you start reading it. Dan Brown leveled each genre so you're never bored of the same genre. I think that this is a must-read for all middle schoolers. If you want a better understanding of the characters, you should read the second book, The Da Vinci Code. Dan Brown can describe the characters and the theme around them so deftly, that you can almost see them in your mind.<br/><br/> This book is about a typical Harvard symbolist teacher named, Robert Langdon. It's a day like any other when he gets a call from a secret Swiss research facility called CERN. He is asked to solve the murder of a scientist named Leonardo Vetra that leads up to a favor top save the Catholic Church from hundreds of years of history. Leonardo Vetra's daughter, Vittoria Vetra and Maximilian Kohler, the founder of CERN, accompanies him. As he gets closer and closer to completing his quest, more and more problems and twists start to pop up. If you want to see how Robert Langdon completes his quest and saves the Catholic Church, read it an d be amazed by the amount of suspense and action is put into this book.<br/><br/>Mariano Ascencio
 Angels and Demons is just one of those books you can't put down.  Each chapter leaves you wanting more and more.  It's definetly a must read before The DaVinci Code.  Dan Brown was right on the money with his history and knowledge of the Illuminati, The Vatican, Catholisism, and Rome.  One of my favorites.
 Although I found this novel to be an exciting and fast-paced adventure mystery, I didn't think it was as good as Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code."  Maybe Dan Brown just got better the second time around or maybe I should have read "Angels &amp; Demons" first.  I didn't find "Angels &amp; Demons" to be quite as believable as "The Da Vinci Code."<br/>Robert Langdon is definitely a well thought out character and very likeable.  The ins and outs of his adventure held my interest.  I didn't want to not finish this book.  However, I could not put The Da Vinci Code down, whereas this one took me a little longer to finish.<br/>Dan Brown definitely puts a lot of time and reserach into his books and I look forward to his next mystery!
 The plot is overall nice and intriguing, the characters well presented. There are some historical, geographical and practical imprecision (just to mention something appearing early in the book, the X-33 was an experimental prototype for NASA...highly unlikely they had their own at CERN...but I guess the decision concerning the spacecraft was made for plot reasons) but they don't impede a full enjoyment of the book. There are many similarities with The Da Vinci Code, but I guess we cannot blame A&amp;D, having been written three years earlier...<br/>It's a pity some of the atmosphere is spoiled by a quite improper and weird use of the brief Italian used in the book, or so might experience those knowing the language.
 This book is fast paced and is extremely well written in my opinion. It's a real page turner, I read it in three days. The plot is awesome and pretty much everything just works. I can only see two drawbacks to this book. 1.) There's no place to stop, you just want to keep reading. Hence my title, "More exciting than the Da Vinci Code". Everything keeps moving and it stays exciting throughout. 2.) I don't mean to be literary critic because I'm not but if I had the clout to stop the book on exactly page 500 of the paperback version I would've. Once you read the whole book, just imagine the book ends on the bottom of page 500. The first 500 pages were simply incredible but I just think a writer of Brown's caliber could've done a little better on the ending, that's all. I hope my OPINION doesn't stop anyone from reading the book because every minute spent reading this book is time well spent. Just look at what I'm saying and when you finish reading see if you agree or disagree with me. Hey, if you disagree...chances are you'll like the book even more!!  I hope you all enjoy this book as much as I did.
 I'm not going to summarize the plot, nor will I put forth the effort detailing the pros and cons of this book; I will simply encourage anyone who enjoys a good technical thriller, with ties to factual physical science and religion, to read this book. I'm extremely picky when it comes to reading, but I truly enjoyed this Dan Brown spectacular.
 As with other Dan Brown books, Angels &amp; Demons is a one of those books you don't want to put down.  The characters are well developed and you can feel their emotions through his writings.  I wanted to read this book before the movie came out to determine which was better.  The book usually always wins over the movies.  We'll see in May.  As I'm an American living in Italy, the setting of this story intrigued me.  Having visited all of the sites in the book, I was truly interested to see how the story evolved.  I'll now have to re-visit all of the places to see if I find the "clues" in the book!  If you haven't read any of Dan Brown's books, give yourself a treat and do so!
 I'm continually surprised by the popularity of this book, as well as its even more well known brother The Da Vinci Code.  The only purpose for a book of this kind is to provide diversion from the discomfort of a long plane ride.  This book lacks any real character development and boasts the most unbelievable story lines possibly ever written.  If asked, I assume Dan Brown would admit that this is not a work of literary genious, but mere literary candy to be enjoyed at the detriment of your own mental health.  After all, any author with any intellectual honesty would admit that a book that ends every chapter with a cliff hanger must lack true plot development.  Life is too short to suffer through the empty experience of this book when there are so many great books that you would undoubtedly enjoy more.
 I did finish reading this book, but only through a supreme act of will. I lost my last shred of enthusiasm when Langdon and Vetra are just as puzzled as the Swiss Guard about how to find a plastic container of antimatter viewed by a WIRELESS camera. Get it "wireless" camera? Such a device broadcasts a signal to its base station where the information is assembled into the frames which display on the screen.<br/>That being said the entire plot should have disolved in the first few chapters by shutting down all of the other cameras and triangulating the one pointed at the antimatter. No big deal.<br/>That error made the remaining issues (continuity, character, excessive foreshadowing) stand out starkly.<br/>I have yet to decide whether to pick up "The DaVinci Code..."  probably not.
 This was very suspenseful and well written. Clever, certainly. I didn't much like Lost Symbol at all or DaVinci Code for that matter, but he did write Angels and Demons earlier in his career. What's probably important is that Dan Brown can weave a story and I do like his twists and turns. He delivered a high powered ending albeit slightly over the top for believability, but still thrilling. I'm looking forward to his next book ... whenever that will be.
 I hate to write bad reviews, but this Dan Brown hysteria is really getting under my skin. I am going to be generous, however. I will forgive Mr. Brown for being such a horrendous hack writer if he'll simply fly high in the air in a helicopter (two miles ought to do it) and jump out with a tarp, say 12 feet by 6 feet, with no harness, no method of gently unfurling it and no method of keeping it open. Once he survives this fall (he would, of course, wouldn't he? See Chapter 125), then, perhaps, we can talk about aerodynamics, terminal velocity and other interesting topics in physics that Dan Brown has absolutely no interest in reporting correctly. My sincere thanks to the readers who suggested Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum, now that is some very fine writing.<br/><br/>Ken Coffman is the author of Steel Waters and several other novels.
 Dan Brown's carefully researched material provides an authentic setting for this thriller.  I enjoyed "Angels and Demons" even more than "The Da Vinci Code", which was educational and exciting.  "Angels and Demons" is gripping and well paced, and also provides insight into the procedures for the election of the Pope.  The timing of the re-release, given the health of the current Pontiff, is fortuitous.  Thank you, Dan Brown, for another great read.  I look forward to your future works.
 I really love Brown's writing, but his plots seem to get away from him. The first 2/3-3/4 of this book are great, but the ending was of the "and then I woke up" variety that I abhor. I won?t go into detail, as that would ruin the whole book, but let me simply state that I thought the ending was implausible and unearned (and unsatisfactory). Buy it as a beach read or a plane book, but don't expect too much.
 The first book that i have read by Dan Brown was the Da Vinci Code i like it so i bought the Angels &amp; Demons which was the first book of Robert Lagton series .<br/><br/>I was disappointed because the book is almost  identical in plot whith the Da Vinci code , that makes the book boring and predictable .<br/><br/>The book its not bad for those who whish to read it first, but i dont really know if they would like the Da Vinci code after reading this one .<br/><br/>Another drawback of this book is that the end is not well written and it look like Dan Brown was on harry to finish it
 I really enjoyed this book. It was a really good page turner. How can anyone put down an exciting novel about Robert Langdon following a trail full of murder mystery and even some cool facts about history? Langdon is called to Switzerland to try to help someone solve a murder with a strange brand on it. From there, he is whisked to Vatican City in Rome. He is following the clues of an assasian and is trying to stop the Vatican from blowing up because a bomb has been hidden in it. The ending is a real shocker. This is a great book to read when you're bored or when you want some exciting book to read. I wouldnt classify this as great literature, but it sure is fun.
 I read many types of books and found this one a joy to read.  I always enjoy reading a book that makes me think after I am finished reading.<br/>Brown does a nice job in story telling and weaves his facts and fiction into a nice read.  His religious knowledge is profound and adds to the depth of his work.<br/>Read DaVinci Code also for another page turner of a book.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I enjoyed the movies and am now reading the books.  There are differences, but they don't ruin either one.
 Very engaging story.  I love all the facts, history, and symbology.
 This book has to be one of the best thriller novels of the past few years. It will keep you guessing till the very end with new twists and turns making it difficult to put down. I especially liked the great use of words that Dan Brown uses to paint his vivid picture of events in your mind (it may be useful to have a dictionary close by while reading :) ). Secondly, this book makes its mark by using current existing structures as its foundation and basing the action around Rome and real art.<br/>All in all this is a must read!!! Enjoy.
 In my opinion, this book is really well written. It's definitely an interesting book to read and considering the length it goes by really fast. The book is about an ancient Illuminati cult that has resurfaced and threatened the world. In a twist of unraveling turn of events the reader becomes determined to find out the what happens in the end. The book never gets boring and will satisfy a mystery lover's thirst. Dan Brown pays close attention to the detail which makes the entire book fascinating and realistic. The book combines science and religion and almost justifies both at the same time. It's a great book and I strongly recommend it to people of all ages.
 The beginning started way too slow for me.  And like another person mentioned, he does get overly descriptive sometimes.. I skip paragraphs sometimes, just to get to the point of where it gets interesting again.  All in all, this was my least favorite, of all the Dan Brown books.<br/><br/>Da Vinci code was still my favorite. ♥ And the others he's written, have the nice fast paced story line + interesting characters that I'm used to.  This was a little bit of a dissapointment.  I hope the next one he releases is better.
 Angels &amp; Demons catapults the reader into a fascinating world of Vatican mystery. The author blends dated anti-Vatican intrigue of questionable historic accuracy with the continuing debate over faith vs. science. The contrast fuels the plot and defines the characters as they struggle to advance their respective world views.<br/><br/>Given that Angels &amp; Demons is a novel, I rate this book more on its plot and writing style, and less on the accuracy of any philosophical or theological content. The author's fiction techiques and vocabulary use are superb. Yet I rate Angels &amp; Demons with four, rather than five, stars because of its terribly disappointing, anticlimactic, and banal ending that any beginning writer could have created. Such a dramatic and thought-provoking story deserves a real creative and masterful conclusion, not a cheap shot bringing the reader into a pathetic scene of locker-room talk.
 The question of believability in a work of fiction is not whether or not the novel is believable in the reader's world, but rather whether or not the novel is believable in the world the author presents to us. Alas, Dan Brown fails on all counts of believability.<br/><br/>I was amazed at how many characters - characters with PhDs, no less! - did not know what anti-matter was. I was also amazed at Robert Langdon's ignorance of art history beyond the basic of strokes of what tour guides might share with their flocks. In another character, this flaw would have been excusable, but in an alleged Harvard professor of art history and symbology it was dumbfounding. It was also rather unbelievable that he had, after all these years, failed to notice all the obelisks and ellipses hanging around Rome even though he had allegedly studied and written about Illuminati symbology.<br/><br/>Then we get to the matter or what to do with a group of very powerful men (I will not reveal who or where in case any hapless fool chooses to read this farce and doesn't want the "plot" to be spoilt) are sitting on top of a massive bomb, and the authorities (including Langdon and his exotic scientist companion, Vittoria Vetra) decide that the best course of action is to not evacuate because one of them might become upset and frightened and have a stroke. Any sane human being (and I admit, it may be a stretch calling most PhDs sane, but they are at least able to imitate it at most times) would be screaming at the imbecile who recommended this course of action and probably calling the authorities at the same time.<br/><br/>The ambigrams used in the novel, those complicated symbols developed by a brilliant and anonymous mind, are repeatedly described as so intricate that not even "the world's most advanced computers have been able to generate one of them." I feel exceedingly fortunate then to have found this java applet at  ...]which, glory be! manages to duplicate every single ambigram used in the novel. I wouldn't add this except that Brown's novel takes place in the modern world with not only the usual technological suspects, cell phones and laptops, but also technology still in the real world's experimental phase, including a space jet that can transport people across the globe in less than an hour. I find several mental muscles being painfully stretched when the author tries to present this world without the presence of simple java applets.<br/><br/>There's more: the characters are flat, most of their motives unbelievable; the plot is, when held together by the thin sinews of a tolerant reader, inane, and when not, non-existent. I know this is a bestseller and I realize this means many people find it entertaining, and while I don't hold it against any of you who want to jetset to exotic locations and hit it off with powerful, intelligent, and beautiful people while the world changes before your very eyes, I just wish you had a bit higher standard. I wanted to enjoy this book, but it was incredibly flimsy and I can't imagine why anyone would cling to such frailty of innovation and jigsaw puzzle cunning.<br/><br/>Harvard may be an over-priced Ivy league school, but the education one receives there isn't so over-priced that an intellect like Robert Langdon would ever be allowed through the threshold.
 This book was well written. Science vs. God is something that I could not imagine trying to write. The story is fast paced. The history of the Vatican and centuries-old underground organization the Illuminati was wonderful. It was interesting and not dry at all. The story really made me think about mankind. Evil is not something we can always define as this story shows. The ending was something I never even considered. It truly left me thinking WOW!
 I actually thought this book was much better then the DaVinci Code. It probably would have made a much more successful movie, because there is alot less characters talking, explaining,  then in the DaVinci Code.Iguess we will find out soon how good a movie it will be as they are currently filming it.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons has much more action with the chase scenes and violence. It pulls you in from start to finish, without leaving any plot holes open.
 Wow, first page through almost mid-book, wow. Good read. I was so intrigued the first half - all the references to the Papacy and the Illuminati, but THEN, geez, Dan (and EDITOR of Dan) what the heck happened?  How you can go from a decent thriller to a ridiculous sham of a book???  (Well, duh, capitalism - SELL THOSE BOOKS, who CARES if it's a good read!  Everyone will buy it because of DaVinci Code, suckers!)... The ending is beyond ridiculous, so much so that I thought seriously about writing the editor to shake a virtual finger at (them).  Unbelievable they published this book with THAT ending... Sigh.  It started out so GOOD, too!
 This is a great book if you take it like a fictional story. If your looking for arguments for or against Christianity or religion in general, look elsewhere. That being said, this book is great because it takes an interesting idea with science, mixes it with a large theological bacground and puts crazy and deep charecters into a suspenseful story with a hero and a villian.<br/><br/>If your looking for an interesting book to read, look no furhter- you'll be glad to have read it
 While at times as interesting as The Da Vinci Code, this novel cannot keep up the frantic pace, and ends up being about 75 pages too long. I kept on thinking (perhaps hoping) that the book was over, but in fact, it kept going like the Energizer Bunny. My two chief gripes, other than the last two chapters, are the intrusion of a hyperplane in an otherwise 2000's timeframe novel. What is this? A cheap way to make the novel last only 24 hours? Next time, make the hero a resident of France... Also, why allow a hero to fall 10,000 feet to certain death and let him live? Sure, it makes for a longer book, but no one believes it as a solution. It's just too miraculous.<br/><br/>Yes, I liked the mysterious writing, and yes, I liked the curious methods of killing the cardinals. But after a while, I wanted the book to be over, and it kept going and going....
 Definitely a page-turner.  Love the religious deception and the "clue hunting" element, very exciting read.
 Haven't read the Code, thought I'd start with Angels. What a disappointment! The characters are stereotypical; the only significant female character is a yogini physicist scuba diver whose role deteriorates from central character to simple object of desire. The plot is full of implausible details, and the ending is a multiple-twist confusion worthy of a Harry Potter novel. The errors are annoying.
 Though well researched,  Brown failed to shed the old formula of Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Lets not forget that this is a novel.
 Angels and Demons is an amazing novel filled with suspense, thrill and excitement. Robert Langdon, the protagonist, is once again called into action to save Vatican City and four missing cardinals. A deadly substance is stolen from one of the top scientific facilities in the world. The awakening of an underground secret society seems to be the end of the Catholic Church. Robert teams up with a beautiful young physicist to try and stop horrific act from accruing. Underground layers, unknown passage ways, and the most secret volt know to the Catholic Church are just some examples of the time and research put into this novel by its author, Dan Brown.
 i literally could NOT put this book down- i found myself reading it as i walked out of the door to my car!<br/><br/>The pace is breathtaking, exciting and fantastic- i have never read a book so fast paced. If you want a quick, exciting read, this is it. Science fiction, mystery, horror, detective, and romance fans will love this book. There are plenty of other reviews describing the plot, which is amazing.<br/><br/>Highly recommended!
 Not like The Davinci Code, which I found to be a great read. This one's okay. I saw the movie a week ago (yes for the first time) and went for the book. My initial reservations came true, should have trusted the nay-sayers. Decent at best.
 This book captured me from the beginning ALL THE WAY until the end!  I couldn't put it down.  This book is filled with excitement and I tended to forget I was reading fiction.  Absolutely loved this book and recommend it to everyone!  Will be buying more Dan Brown books in the future.
 I read this book before I discovered the formula that Brown uses in his books. It was a very quick read with lots of little details. My only problem was that I got a look at the hard cover editon and saw it was a very intersting ambligram, but none of the paperbacks have it.
 This book was absolutely amazing and intriguing. I think it had the best plot twist ever. The story is so clever and every page is just amazing and thrilling! I was so disappointed when the book ended because I never wanted it to end.. I read The Da Vinci Code first and I thought that was really good, but this one is better in my opinion.
 The Battle of Religion and Science, will the Two ever see Eye To Eye - First there is Galileo the Father of Astronomy which is my Beloved Astrology's First Cousin.  He was declared a heretic for having the audacity to declare that the earth revolves around the Sun and the Planet Jupiter has Moons.  He was placed on permanent home incarceration,  and his Mother spent the rest of her days in prison to assure that he behaved himself.  Centuries later, his fellow scientists get revenge.  It was a bit extreme - nevertheless it makes for a most interesting novel.  The Powerful Vatican has a skeleton or two in their closet.  Naw!  How delightfully scandalous.
 After reading The Da Vinci code, some one suggested that I pick up Angels &amp; Demons.  While this book was written before The Da Vinci code the book has the same central character and I found the plot turns and twists to be similar to TDC.  What was great is that I didn't even realize the similarities in the plots until I was finished reading it.  Good Book, would recommend if you liked The Da Vinci code.
 Ditto!! Can't say enough about this book! I can't wait to read all of his works!! I read alot of thrillers and mystery(about 1 every 2 weeks). This is the best in the last 6 months!! Before that I read Roses Are Red by James Patterson, and this blew it away!! Trust me, you want to read this!!
 I was so happy reading this book.  It is well-written with plenty of little known Catholic facts and non-stop action.  The last part of the book was where I started having trouble.  The ending was not consistent with the characterization that Dan Brown had developed.  It went from a wonderful book - the best I've read in a long time - to one where the reader had to suspend belief to finish.  Dan, work harder on the ending and I'll buy everything you write.  Right now I'm afraid to read any more of your books for fear the ending will sag.
 The premise of this book is that you bottle up anti-matter and carry it around with you in some kind of thermos like plague germs and if you let it out the world might end or something and that is about as ignorant it gets. I got as far as page six and the Illuminati tattoo and threw it in the box for Goodwill.
 I had just finished reading Angels &amp; Demons last night and I must say that the plot was definitely worthy of Da Vinci Code fame.  However, at times, I felt the plot drag a little in areas, particularly where the characters seem to be wandering aimlessly.<br/>The characters are indeed captivating and the plot definitely pulls you in to be as interactive as Robert Langdon himself.  However, there were times when I just wanted to say to Robert himself -- oh for God's sake, got on with it!<br/>Overall, if you loved The Da Vinci Code like I did, Angels and Demons is a must read.
 I reread this after having just returned from Rome, and wish I'd read it before we went, as I'd have loved to pay special attention to the various sites from  the book.  The story was just as thrilling!
 Although this book contains several events that seem impossible and implausible, it was entertaining.  I felt short of breath and as if at the edge of my seat while reading this book.  I couldn't put it down.  It was amazing how Langdon gets out of every "pickle" he is in despite his tiredness, getting hurt and feeling hungry.  During all this, of course, there is an attraction to the female protagonist which ends predictably.<br/><br/>I found myself courious as to how Brown would treat The Church.  I got the impression he attempted to give credence to Science and God simultaneously while also showing their weaknesses.  Although I don't agree with a lot of his point of view, I did find it intriguing.  Even if some of his facts are erroneous, it was interesting reading about a secret brotherhood and their mysteries.  It was a good book, however, The Da Vinci Code seem more palatable.  Nonetheless, I did enjoy this fictional novel.
 If you're looking to learn Italian or Latin, or hoping to learn history or science, look somewhere else (Mr. Christian, stick to West and Wallace, leave the cheap thrills to us mere mortals ... mercy). However, if you don't take yourself so seriously and you like your cheap thrills topped with fast-paced action, silly special effects, 007-type fantasy, this is an excellent read. It goes down easy, like a hamburger and fries, without the indigestion. OK, it ain't James Joyce, but if you liked the DaVinci Code, you'll like this one. It reads like a two-hour action-adventure spy flick. Very little snob appeal here, lots of pleasure though.
 The story talks about Brilliant physicist Leonardo Vetra, who was attempting to use science to prove the existence of God, has been murdered; his eyes plucked out and the society's ancient symbol branded upon his chest. His final discovery, anti-matter, the most powerful and dangerous energy source known to man, has disappeared. Langdon and Vittoria, Vetra's daughter, embark on a frantic hunt through Rome, following a 400-year-old trail to the lair of the Illuminati, to prevent the incineration of civilization.<br/><br/>  Dan Brown is quite a talent man. This novel is very interesting and exciting. There is a mystery and suspense. It shows comparison between religion and science, as to the relationship between the two supposedly opposing positions. The Illuminati and antimatter are amazing. I strongly believe that you might fall in love with this novel and refuse to stop reading it. Finally, I am looking forward to reading next novel.
 suggestion: get the illustrated edition. It is great to see exactly what they are talking about when the talk about some of the places, churches, statues, etc.<br/><br/>great twists and turns. interesting reading about Roman History, Catholic History, and the plot is put together geniously.<br/><br/>will make a great movie.
 After I read the Da Vinci Code I felt that I had to read all of Dan Brown's books, so I started with Angels &amp; Demons and thought it was a very good book, but felt that it was very similar to the Da Vinci Code only using science instead of art as the premise of the story.<br/>I was hooked to the story until I realized that everything happens in just one day and how Robert Langdon keeps escaping death (on the helicopter) Please don't even get me started!!!<br/>It is a good book and I highly recommend it, just be forewarned that the ending even though i's very good and you'll be very surprised it might be a little bit hard to swallow.
 After the first 100 pages I was starting to feel the pain - that dull throbbing right before a full-blown headache. For some reason I was convinced to persevere. Someone swore it got better was worth finishing. And the experience got more and more painful. At least in Da Vinci Code the book was interesting to the halfway mark. In Angels and Demons it was over much sooner. Yet another example from Dan Brown of what authors should not do.
 This book came first and I don't remember it getting as much buzz as the DaVinci code. I read this book and loved it! it's compelling, intriguing, and just a good old thrill! It's more interesting and more of a rollercoaster ride, Plus the DaVinci code is a rip off of this book because it follows the same plot line but hey i loved that one too!
 In typical Dan Brown style, this book is all about creating action and suspense using blood, violence, a bit superstition, a little creative rewriting of history and some far fetched sci-fi, rather than creating a story that makes any sense. It's serves its purpose as a page-turner for passing idle time, but don't expect any scientific, geographical, linguistical og historical accuracy. It's so full of factual errors and self-contradicting statements that it sometimes switches from an action-thriller to a comedy. But if you're able to shut out reality for a few hours, there's some action packed time waiting for you just around the next page.
 Though still not an out-and-out sci-fi space opera, my number one favorite type of books, this one does, indeed, come very close and actually deserves to accompany my sci-fi books, such as: "Stranger in a Strange Land", "Puppet Masters", "2001", "2010", "Rendezvous with Rama", "Ringworld", all the "Star Trek" and "Star Wars" books, "Advent of the Corps" and others.
 Read this book before the DaVinci code, as my cousin suggested. I liked it, but it did not blow me away like DaVinci (which I could not put down).<br/>Definitely would have been a disappointment if I read it after the D.C.  My expectations would have been way too high.<br/>Basically a good story that fills in a lot of background story for the D.C.
 great read
 Perhaps I was expecting too much, but I found this novel to be poorly written and full of clichés despite an interesting premise. It reads like an old dime store novel in spite of purporting to have scholarly undercurrents. The writing is amateurish, and the characters are all stereotypes. The twisty storyline wears out its welcome by twisting well past its logical dénouement. By the last third of the book I was getting really annoyed with the writing and wanted the book to end.<br/>Dan Brown takes an interesting idea and hammers the life out of it in this cheap "pulp fiction-esque" effort. It'll pass the time, but don't expect much.
 Dan Brown has done it for me again, after reading the Da Vinci Code I thought that the book was a masterpiece in the way the story played out, the development of the characters and the way it was written and that it never bogged down and became tedious to read.  I though it couldn't get much better than that but I had a growing respect for Dan Brown so I picked up Angels and Demons to see what else he could do.  Even though the story line, with a Harvard professor being called to a murder scene around the world for his knowledge in symbology was a little farfetched, it was intelligent reading. He had good theories that were very entertaining and, even sorting through all the dialogue, it was a action-packed and fast-paced story that left you wanting more.
 I absolutely loved this book! I read this before "The Davinci Code" and I'm very glad I did!! It was very engaging, exciting, and entertaining.  I also like that Dan Brown puts as many facts as he can in the book to make it more interesting.  That being said, it is fiction, and should be read as such!  I would highly recommend this book to anyone who likes mystery thrillers, very much worth the money!
 I give this book four stars for it's high-pressure suspense.  For it's probability in fact I give it a one.  Since Christians are likely to believe anything, this book is tailor made for them. haha.  Just like Hal Lindsey is a great con man.
 I dont know about anyone else, but I would recommend this book in a heart beat! The suspense kills you! I got into the book so much I couldn't put it down...normally it takes me forever to read a book that big, but that book I read in a week and a half. Any one who likes suspense and wierd twists, you would absolutely love this book. Being a ninth grader, I learned so much about Rome and Vatican city.I actaully want to go there now!!! so the book is history in suspense...the coolest part was I didn't even realize I was learning. This is a must read especially if you want to read The Da Vinci Code, Which is the next book on my list.
 This is a warning.  Angels and Demons is violent.  Angels and Demons is shocking.  Angels and Demons will keep you up at night.  In Dan Brown style, the villian is not who you expect, and the ending is a roller coaster ride.<br/><br/>I'll have to read the Illustrated version next time because seeing the relavant architecture and art would certainly enhance the reading experience.
 I was reading it during my visit to Rome and it was so promising at first and impossible to put down until the final twists of plot when the whole thing became so absurd that it ceased being exciting and instead you felt manipulated, your intelligence insulted and felt your time was wasted for nothing, as if you watched a thriller movie and could not really walk out of a theater. For those interested in Roman sites mentioned in this book, and in Rome in general I recommend instead Morton's "A traveller in Rome".
 Good read. Interesting history and symbology. Learned alot, use my dictionary some to look some new stuff. I love that they were in Rome and I've been there. Can't wait to see the movie now!
 I really enjoyed this book, from front to cover. It was a fusion of the past and present, just like in The Da Vinci Code. It brings up something that is ever so present in our world today, the battle between Science and Religion. Who wins, is up to you.<br/><br/>I recommend this book to readers who are seeking something for the historical soul. If you loved The Da Vinci Code, you'll love this as well.
 The book is written in such a poor format that nearly every chapter ends with a "surprise" fact which any semi-intelligent person can figure out. On a few occasions, words like "Art" even have their own paragraph. You will find phrases such as "despite the satisfaction in his loins" in some of the most terribly done chapters I've read. The characterization is completely flat, the plot is predictable, and the author obviously had no confidence in the reader's capacity to think.<br/>I gave this two stars because the book was just that funny. Also, some of the scientific discussion, although painfully slow-paced, has interesting theories.
 In my opinion, Angels and Demons is a better book than the Da Vinci Code. I like the Code, but Angels and Demons kept me interested the whole time. I was so into it, I just couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>It is apparent that Dan Brown definitely did his research on this book. These are many historical documents and artifacts that are utilized as part of the plot. If you like action thrillers, you will love this book.
 Many good plot twists in this Brown novel.  A good read that kept my interest.  Thought I had it figured out but was pleasantly surprised.  Very similar pace to the older Ludlum books or the early John La Carrie spy books.  Will read Deception point but have been warned that Digital Fortress is not as good.  Enjoy and put plenty of time aside to read straight through.<br/><br/>A reader that travels a lot...
 Dan Brown brings Robert Langdon (The Da Vinci Code) to life in this fast paced adventure. Starting off in his home in New England and a fax photo of a slain CERN scientist Brown takes off with imagination and creativity. While the book has its slow moments it was over all a great read. It is interesting how this book did not attract near the attention or draw the controversy that Da Vinci did. While bringing to light the mysterious Opus Di and other ancient Catholic rituals and beliefs. A fun time for all a great read and good writing from a previously little known fiction writer.
 This book keeps you on the edge of your seat, wondering who is behind the grisly murders. The characters are well-developed and Brown has certainly done his research. I'm not much into fiction, but I loved this book and could barely put it down. I must say, the ending was a shock. Never saw it coming.
 Preposterous:  look up the synonyms in Roget's--they all apply, plus a good many other negatives.<br/>If a magician pulls a rabbit out of a hat, we are mildly if briefly entertained.  If the same magician pulls TWO rabbits out in a row, we smile.  But what happens if he does TEN?  FIFTY?  A HUNDRED?  That's what the author did here:  too many damn rabbits and only one hat.<br/>The plot, which is supposed to be in the thriller genre, I surmise, gets laughable after about the 50th silly turn of events.  The characters are nothing memorable--pretty much stock, cardboard cutouts, central casting has-beens.  The atmosphere skips around so much that the reader can never quite discover the ambience.  The scholarship is often suspect or just plain wrong.<br/>Early on the author must have decided to set this in a 24-hour time frame.  That certainly serves to compact the action.  But it also creates patent absurdities, such as a plane that flies at Mach 15.  Such as a superfluous romance that is something out of Ayn Rand.  Such as doing a year's research at the Vatican in about 10 minutes.  You get the point.<br/>Perhaps the basic theme (religion vs. the challenges of science) could have been explored better at a far slower more provacative pace, without about 90% of the heroics and O. Henry surprises.<br/>Sorry.  Too many rabbits here,  Way, way, way too many.
 I have read all four of Dan Brown's works. Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons are the best. No one can create a plot better. (Grisham and Crichton and Brown are equals among giants). Angels &amp; Demons-- Illuminatus, the Vatican, antimatter, Bernini,...absolutely unputdownable. I read this in one sitting.
 This book was awesome. I picked up the book and was completely drawn into it fro mthe first page. I picked up this book on a Friday night and finished it Sunday aftenoon. The only disappointment is that the fun had to end.<br/><br/>  There is a lot of fiction in this book, but there are also a lot of facts that can be gleaned from this book. Some were so unbelievable, I found myself writing them down and confirming them on the Internet.<br/><br/>  It was a little creepy reading about the death of a Pope and seeing the death of a Pope on television, but now I follow the Vatican events more closely, especially the enclave procedure. BRAVO!!!!
 how  often does one come across  a  book written  with  skill,  the development of plots evolving as quickly as a hurricane, and the vocabulary a huge jumble but you don't get put off by it?oh, well, i've found one it this book.<br/><br/>  i like this book because it is abrupt, startling in its descriptions of objects. Hints slightly to give you an idea of what to expect further up. Time is very precise, very precious.In a few seconds, anything could happen to alter the situation of things.<br/><br/>  The symbology is baffling, there is little one can do but stare and stare. The plot brings you through many twists, like a maze where you know the bend in the corner will lead you somewhere, but you don't know where.<br/><br/>Basically, life  passes through the slip of your fingers while you're reading this book.And, you never want  to stop.
 After reading Dan Brown's Davinci Code, I immediately bought this book to see if it was as good.  Indeed it was!  I loved Angels and demons.  It just may the most creative book I have ever read.  It was easier to follow than The Davinci Code.  I loved every aspect of different characters.  It was an incredible story.  I highly recommend this book to anyone!
 I would guess that this was a first draft of the Da Vinci Code that was deemed too poor a work to be published and then put out to cash in on the success of the Da Vinci Code. In it the author tries to get the reader to accept characters, their actions, and events that are just too implausible. I don't mind a writer making things up, playing with facts and in general messing with the readers head. This is a novel after all. However, Brown's characters are motivated by such cliches and vapid beliefs that I was unable to accept them and allow myself to enter the world of this novel. I won't cite specific examples lest I spoil someone else's enjoyment, but helicopters and virgin births are some prime examples. I read this to get some background for The Da Vinci Code and I never would have finished it without a determined effort.
 Dan Brown<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons<br/><br/>I love fast paced adventure and suspense. This is my first reading of any Dan Brown books. I don't think I could have picked a better story to start with. I started reading this at 8:30 am and couldn't set it down until I was done that night. He is a fantastic story teller. If his other books are of similar quality then I can't wait to read them all.<br/><br/>In Angels &amp; Demons the main character Robert Langdon travels from Harvard to Switzerland and Rome in less than 24 hours. Stopping along the way to fall in love, save the Vatican and become a first class hero in very short order. As for all the details...there are enough facts to make it interesting. But after all it is a work of fiction. Enjoy it, I did.
 It's a battle between the church and scientists. Big Bang vs. God the scientists have an upper hand on the church. The scientists planted a bomb (a tear drop liquid called Antimatter) inside the Vatican City. They only have 6 hours to find the Antimatter until it destroys them all. It totally takes you by surprise, like how Carlo jumped from the helicopter and left Robert with no parachute. All the killing that took place we're well written in a way to make you think what if it was real and lives you guessing about the outcome. Robert Langdon is cool, I like the way he try's to save the day and makes these funny comments to him self. Soon as Robert comes to the Vatican City he takes you on a rollercoaster ride though Rome and the Vatican City.
 Good page turner
 I just want to start off by saying I LOVE DAN BROWN!<br/><br/>ok, that being said... i actually read The Da Vinci Code before reading Angels and Demons, however i would recomend reading Angels and Demons first. i thought that Angels and Demons was very fast paced and easy to read. i love the writing style and the story itself was facinating. however, i thought that the ending was insanely far fetched. i understand that this is a work of fiction but the ending was a little carried away. i don't want to give anything away because i think that everyone should read it. even if you are not the religious or historical type it is still a good read.
 This is a page-turner, with an interesting plot and what appears to be expert information about architecture and renaissance art.  The Masonic symbology of the dollar bill is fascinating.<br/>However, the author's sloppiness with orthodox Catholicism is a disappointment.  I won't spoil the ending with specifics, but his Catholic characters who should think in an orthodox Catholic way, do not.  I would have no problem with characters who wanted to "reform" the Church having unorthodox ideas if they were presented as such.  Those in the highest positions in the Church with beliefs at odds with Catholic teaching should know where they, themselves, differ with orthodoxy.  This betrays a lack of familiarity with doctrine and those in the Curia.<br/>I read techno-thrillers in part to get an insider's view of organizations I want to know more about.  Now I have doubts about much of the technical info in the book.
 Angels and Demons is the best book ever written. well atleast, that is what I think. This action packed adventure along with great suspense, is a superhit. Dan Brown has outdone even some of the great authors of our time. This book along with his other No. 1 bestseller: The Da Vinci Code, has secured Dan Brown's place among the most elite authors.
 Angels and Demons is definitly a good choice for anyone who likes action thrillers. the book was fast paced and was nothing but non stop action. from the first page the book had me hooked but i kind of wish i would have found out about this book before i read the sequal da vinci code. Robert Langdon takes you on a non stop adventure as he tries to unravel the mystery of 4 murdered cardinals. Each cardinal is branded with a different ancient symbol that leads langdon on his quest. Langdon searches all over Rome to stop the destruction of the city. The ending is awesome and it will keep you guessing the whole time.
 It could have been a decent thriller if the author could stop 100 pages earlier.  Langdon's ability to survive would make James Bond jealous, but the last 100 pages converted this book to a farce.  The survival of Langdon jumping out of the helicopter without a parachute put the last nail into the book's coffin.<br/>I am only giving this book a second star for some fun I had reading the first few hundred pages.
 I read Angels &amp; Demons right after reading the Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>I have loved the Da Vinci Code but I have to say that this book is even better. I did not stop from start to end. This is so amazing.<br/><br/>I love the way Dan Brown mixes fiction with history. He is a real master in creating plots and suspense.<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons is definitely a great thriller. One of the best I have ever read.<br/><br/>I hope you will enjoy it as much as I did<br/><br/>Donald
 Very fast pace, and a lot of histories!  However, I admit I read the book after I watched the movie.  So, it brought back memories of the movie as I turned the pages.
 The only way to read this book is all at once. Unfortunately, I had to take a break after chapter 4, and couldn't get back to it until 9 pm. So much for that night's sleep! This is a book that has everything: fantastic plot, futuristic and mystical overtones, beautifully described fine art, science, religion, spritituality....fanatacism, heroism, hatred, love, death, rebirth. What more is there to say? Although you may want to guess at the ending, (who IS the bad guy, WHAT is going to happen), don't cheat by looking ahead! You won't want to miss even one page of this delicious book.
 I read this after Da Vinci Code but actually it's the 1st adventure of Robert Langdon, the main character in the Code.  Brown has gone too far: he has made a college professor into a 007 agent.  But exciting plot, anyway.  Though I don't think it can be made into a motion pic because the killings are too brutal.
 Renowed Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon discovers the resurgence of an ancient secret brotherhood, the Illuminati.  This organization has surfaced to carry out its vendetta against one enemy, the Catholic Church.  Rushing against time, Langdon runs through Rome following sealed crypts, symbols, and sculptors to save the Church from destruction.  This novel is full of intrigue and drama, keeping the reader in suspense.  Brown also creatively weaves fact and fiction, descriptively depicting the Vatican.  However, Brown lacks focus in his conclusion.  After the climatic end, the plot becomes predictable.  The suspense built throughout the novel is wasted.  Overall, the novel is worth reading.  It is a breathless, exciting adventure, hard to put down.
 This novel is very similar to Dan Browns other masterpiece, The Da Vinci Code. The action, mystery, and fun starts and doesn't stop. If you're looking for an entertaining ride into the Vatican and the order of the Catholic Church, then this is by far the book for you. I would recommend it to anyone, especially history buffs.<br/><br/>The plot is also very good. Basically a Swiss scientist invents powerful 'antimatter' that puts thermonuclear bombs obsolete, only to have it stolen by the long-term anti-Catholic terror organization of the Illuminati. A great read!<br/><br/>P.S. the title is intended for consideration after you read it.
 Love Dan Brown.  Angels and Demons is a much better book than the Da Vinci Code.  If you were  a little less than satisfied with the Da Vinci code after all the hype I strongly recommend A&amp;D you wont be disappointed. The book will set you off on a thrill ride from start to finish and will leave you wanting more.  Where the Da Vinci code was confusing and a little jumpy in areas even contrived Angels and Demons is almost the perfect read I can only hope they dont destroy it in the movies as they did with the Da Vinci Code.
 Probably my favorite out of the Langdon series.
 After reading this book I had one thought in my mind how did this not become a huge bestseller before the Da Vinci Code came out. In my opinion it's even better than that.<br/>Brown has a real talent in interweaving fact, description, detail, and fiction into one story. The great thing about this book is that i'm not a huge fan of fiction but this story is so interesting and the backdrop it's against is true that i didn't mind.<br/>The end completely shocked me. Really a good book for ANYONE!
 Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor of religious symbology, never could have expected the events that were about to occur when he recieved a phone call that fateful morning.  Angels &amp; Demons is a page turning thriller describing Robert's quest to save Vatican City from an unbelievable chain of attacks.  This novel is extremely exciting, written in an interesting fashion, and is a great read for all teens and adults.<br/><br/>The plot contained inside Angels &amp; Demons is very interesting, containing a good mix of historical information and exciting action.  This is one of those books that is hard to put down; new twists and information spring up with each turn of a page.  Not only this, but the ultimate twist at the very end of the novel is one that will be hard to forget.<br/><br/>Dan Brown writes this book in a very fascinating form.  He switches between all sorts of characters at different locations throughout the novel.  He then ties them all together towards the end in a suprising and exciting twist.  Dan Brown's writing has you feeling emotions as if you were actually inside the action.  This is a true sign of an thrilling author.<br/><br/>Most exciting page-turners have their downsides, however.  This book does mention some graphic scenes which could be disturbing for some.  I would suggest that parents take disgression with small children up to the age of 12.  Although I think this novel's readability would present a significant challenge for anyone under that age.  All in all, Angels &amp; Demons will be almost impossible to put down for readers who enjoy thrilling novels.
 Sat up all night reading it, only quit when eyes were crossing and watering so I couldn't finish it.  Slept and got up later that day and finished it.<br/>Page turner for sure.  As I've read about the Illuminati in other contexts I felt his research, etc. was very authentic.<br/>Recommending the book to all friends and family.<br/>Thank you Mr. Brown.
 The DaVinci Code will always be the book by which Brown and all of his subsequent and preceding novels will be compared.<br/><br/>I liked the book and I think the storyline and the method by which the characters ultimately resolved all matters more then in DaVinci.<br/><br/>Good story, good writing, Brown is excellent at picking on old school urban myths and writing dramatic stories about the ultimate conspiracies.
 After reading the DaVinci Code I thought that Dan Brown had something going for him and was suckered into reading this book.  The historical and scientific accuracy he uses to beef up his plots are his only saving grace.  Other than that, I have a hard time believing anything that he writes.  It's fiction, I know. But I just kept having this feeling that this book would could easily turn into one of those absolutely unrealistic action movies with Tom Cruise or Harrison Ford where jumping out of an exploding helicoptor at 3000 feet without a parachute doesn't kill you.  Better luck in the future, Dan!
 This is a fabulous book. It's the beast book I've read in a very long time -- and I'm a librarian! Not only has Mr. Brown done a superb job in constructing his fast-paced story, but kudos also go to John Langdon for his extraordinary artwork to create the ambigrams. If you like suspense, Rome, and/or art history, get this book.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Gripping and suspenseful.  Dan Brown really kept me wondering what was going to happen next. I enjoyed the very end with the reporter give his news report.  Brown also gives you an inside look of all the characters and their purpose in the story.  I too, read "The DaVinci Code" first.  I stumble on it when I was looking for another book by Dan Brown because I was hooked after reading DaVinci Code.  I was really excited about Robert Langdon's first adventure and that it would help answer alot of questions I had about the second book.  I can't wait for he's new book to come out<br/><br/>Must read!!!!
 I read Angels &amp; Demons after the DaVinci Code. A quick read, hard to put down, but definately the same formula.  Everyone loves a good conspiracy.  But the one nagging question I have is where did the villian have the wherewithal to hire the Assassin.
 An incredibly entertaining read.  Thought provoking, fast-paced action.  I had read The Davinci Code first, and was not sure that it would be as good as that book, but it definitely surpassed my expectations.  I think this was even more enjoyable than The Davinci Code.  I would highly recommend buying the Illustrated Editions.  I have bought both of these Dan Brown titles in the Illustrated Editions, and have found them to be even better, since you can actually see the paintings, statues, and buildings that they are referring to in the book.  Overall, very satisfied with the title.
 As a voracious reader, I have read the best. "Angels and Demons" is a heart-stopping thriller that keeps you turning pages until you arrive exhausted at the end. You're truly "in on the chase."  Improbable  as it seems, Dan Brown has combined nuclear physics and antimatter with  Renaissance art, old Rome and the Vatican. You conjure up the images in  your mind, but the icing on the cake is Brown's Web site which shows you  the CERN facilities, the plane and then the exquisite artwork of Bernini  and others as well as a peek inside the Vatican. It's a book that teaches,  makes you think, and entertains, all at the same time. Few authors can  accomplish that. Thanks, Dan Brown. You have a new fan.
 This book is well-written. It is easy to read and keeps your interest in general, although it is sometimes a little repetitious and slow. I guess the author repeats the point to make sure you get it.<br/><br/>Some of the author's ideas are new and thought-provoking, but you have to wade through some material which sounds like every other book on this topic, as well. In any case, if you are patient you will take away some neat new ideas that you will find yourself using and referring to.<br/><br/>I like the examples and anecdotes he/she uses to illustrate his/her points - they are really interesting and I have found myself using the examples and referring to them in everyday conversations with people, which is great. I only wish that there were some more examples because it is not always easy to see the point when no example is offered.
 This is the first of Dan Brown's books that I read and couldn't put it down. After all the "hype" surrounding The Da Vinci Code I guessed that if this book was any "good" then I would consider reading the Da Vinci Code afterwards.  Wow!  It was so much better than I anticipated. A great mix of fact and fiction and a plot that kept me captivated right until the last page.<br/><br/>I couldn't believe how religion and science, with all its twists and turns, could be so interesting.  Even after the book had finished I was hungry for more!  A well researched, brilliantly written book.  Bravo Mr Brown!
 I read DaVinci Code first which was simply amazing.  Took a chance on Angels &amp; Demons - I don't normally read an authors books just because one of their others was good.  I had a hard time putting it down.  I'm looking forward to 'Deception Point'.  If you buy Angels &amp; Demons be warned...you'll get addicted too.  Enjoy.
 This book nearly leaves me speechless.  I saw every major plot line coming, a least a hundred pages before they were revealed.  This is because Brown can't seem to figure out how to foreshadow correctly.  He gives away just about everything except for the very end of the book, which hits you like a train wreck.  It is so ugly and twisted that you can't even believe that Brown actually beleves you would be absorbed by this.<br/>For me, there was no suspension of disbelief at all.  I was not drawn in.  It was like I was watching a bad movie in the theatre that I want to walk out of but I couldn't because I kept hoping it would turn itself around become a better book.  However, it didn't.  It was just bad.<br/>I understand that the book is fiction and that the errors in language and such are acceptable, but why not take the extra step as the author to research a little better and make sure everything is at least in the right ballpark.<br/>Everyone should throw this book out and go buy a copy of The House of Leaves instead.
 Very good read.
 Great read, exciting edge-of-your-seat turns of events, but Brown gets a little TOO involved in some of his descriptions.  The book easily could have been cut down to 520-530 pages and not lost anything.  Story is far fetched in some ways, but so what?  This IS fiction!  Buy it, read it, enjoy it and when you hit a few spots that drone on with descriptions of Rome, artifacts, etc., skim through and keep going.
 Alright you have to help me out on this one.... but let me begin at the beginning.<br/>I read the recent USA Today overview of Dan Brown and the so hot THE DA VINCI CODE and was struck by the description of the book being full of factual information.... about art, secret organizations and so forth... I thought "wow, this is the kind of historical book I might like". When I went to the book store (sorry Amazon but sometimes you have to scratch your book itch in person!) I learned that Dan Brown's earlier novel ANGELS &amp; DEMONS introduced the symbologist Robert Langdon and might be a good place to start the story so to speak (and the fact it was available as a less expensive paperback helped also). I looked forward to a really good read and hoped to high heaven that there would not be a silly factual mistake or something of some such nature to make me regret my purchase (I find that if I discover something "dumb" in the first 25 or 30 pages of a book I just can't keep going forward).<br/>Well I have to tell you this book presented a "dumb" and "counter-factual" thing right off the bat.... Is it just me or did anyone else feel the same way? I mean couldn't our hero be sent a plain old executive jet for his flight to CERN? Did Brown have to have CERN send him a Boeing X-33 HSCT (a prototype to boot) that flies at 11,000 miles a hour? Do you know the kind of support equipment that would be needed at Logan airport for this thing? Do you know the kind of stir it would cause if it landed there? Every aviation nut in the world would be there in a minute. And only one pilot? You would make such a important flight to pick up this hot shot Harvard guy and send only one pilot?.... and he plays country music?...AND he hops out of the plane in Switzerland to give Langdon a ride to CERN himself? No car to pick him up? And Langdon makes reference several times to the planes GANGPLANK.... what is this thing a pirate ship? I'm sure NORAD would love a 11,000 MPH plane flying at 60,000 feet to make it's way into Logan.... that wouldn't draw any attention I'm sure.<br/>All right I will get off my high horse.... I am probably letting facts get in the way of a good story. I just find it so incredible that a story teller would start off this way... and for no real reason. The story would be so much more believable if Langdon made his way to CERN in a much more conventional way. Most of what I have read so far (to page 24) just doesn't ring true... so how am I to believe what follows? Am I the only one who sees this? Am I being to demanding of this thriller?<br/>Anyway.... I need someone to reply to my review and assure me that this book gets much better (and more factual). Shall I continue or does other "unbelievable" things come along? I can handle adventure and fast changing action and maybe even some improbable (but possible) events but honestly so far I am not impressed.... I was looking for something written with some brains (as the U.S.A. Today story hinted) but if the rest of the book is like the first 24 pages.... well I think I will be looking for something else to read. If THE DA VINCI CODE is written with the same lack of realism as the first 24 pages of this earlier book presents then I am hiring a literary agent and starting my new novel right away (I think I would like to go for the hard cover sales record also!)
 I loved this book! I could not put it down! I highly recommend this to anyone who likes to be swept up into the story, this will not disappoint!<br/>One of my favorites, I bought the illustrated hardcover version for my "library".<br/>Happy Reading!
 I read the book while on vacation in California.  Yes, it is true that the book has a similar plot and feel as Da Vinci Code.  However, that should not deter anybody from reading this extremly entertaining book since the book was a joy to read anyway.  I have also come to appreciate some of the artworks in Vataican city after reading this book.
 I read the Divinci Code and said, "ho-hum" but someone told me "Angels and Demons" was a better book. It's really just a beach book. Poorly written but the plot will keep you turning pages while you dig your toes in the sand and watch the kids play in the ocean. This book is not for the serious reader. Like many readers, I too wonder how Dan Brown became so successful with these 2 books? It does boggle the mind!
 This book is not a bad read, but I almost put it aside after a bit of intellectual dishonesty. At the outset of the book, the author sets the stage for an anti-religious sect called the Illuminati. As a part of this, he uses the the US one-dollar bill as evidence that famous Americans were related to this anti-religious group. As part of this evidence, he translated the slogan on the back of the US dollar, "Novus ordo seclorum" as "New secular order"--implying an ant-religious theme. In fact, the proper translation is "New order of the ages". Was this intellectual dishonesty necessary in an otherwise enjoyable book? Or, does he have an agenda?
 Don't view it as a religious or historical textbook, because it is neither.<br/>What it IS is a gripping, cerebral, suspenseful, well-written piece of fiction that intertwines religious artifacts and history.<br/>Definitely a great book to read - one you won't want to put down.
 This is definately Dan Brown's best. A complete page turner from beginning to end. I have lent this book to several friends who got mad at me for keeping them up late at night because they couldn't put it down. I have read all of Brown's and find this and DaVinci code the best. Deception point was a bit of a yawner. You won't regret reading this one!
 After reading The DaVinci Code I wanted to read the rest of Dan Brown's books. This one was, in my opinion, as good as "the code" if not better. I could not put it down from page one. If you like action you will definately like Angels and Demons.
 This is the worst novel I have ever read. (I thought that the Da Vinci Code was entertaining BTW.)  It is the worst because I have always stopped reading anything remotely this bad.  Unfortunately a friend loaned it to me and once I recognized its hideously obvious plot-line, I stopped reading and tried to give it back to him.  He refused telling me to read it and then return it.  I return books to people who loan them, so I speed-read through the other deaths by the elements and then its ridiculous ending.  O horrible, most horrible.
 after reading all the 4 books by dan brown, i would have to say that angels and demons is the best, which is the prequel to `the da vinci code'.i just could not put the book down for even a minute!!!it was fast-paced,exciting,and certainly `illumniating'.the author had done a good job in researching about the city of rome and the vatican city,the streets,the iluminati,the antimatter thing,etc.. really an eye-opener!!!
 Be not mistaken. This is a work of fiction, like the author's next book "The Da Vinci Code". There is, therefore, no requirement that details of place and description be exact, as some purists might require. I found this book hard to put down. It was an excellent story. Give me more.
 I didn't like this as much as the Da Vinci Code but it was still a good one.<br/><br/>This one might actually make a better movie. Tons of action that I would like to see played out. Hard to read it fast enough to get the action sequences in. GREAT read with GREAT facts twisted in.<br/><br/>Highly recommend~!
 Like the Da Vinci Code, this plot moves at blinding speed.  The pace is impossible, but makes the book a page turner.  The plot twists are great and the historical aspect is interesting.  This is a good book to save for a long plane trip.
 Similar to others, I too have become a Dan Brown fan since "The Divinci Code" This book had me on the edge of my seat anticipating every move Langdon made. I do not look at this book for any historical or religious facts, those that are reading this have to keep in mind that the book is still fiction. Brown is a brilliant author and I applaud is imagination and his intellect, to combine the two is amazing.
 As with all of Dan Brown's books, the writing is atrocious, but the story pace is the novel's salvation.  In this case, the story is too flawed to carry the weight.
 Reading now! About half way through and meets all expectations of a Dan Brown Book!  Exc. so far
 I much preferred Angels and Demons to the other Dan Brown books. It really doesn't take the book long to get going and once it does, it doesn't stop. If you liked this book, I recommend you check out "JFK and the Green Barret".
 The book was a page turner, but a couple of howling errors irked me: First, I live near Piazza Barberini, and the church of Santa Maria della Vittoria is well away from the piazza, not on it, as Brown would have readers believe.  Secondly, as anyone with any understanding of the news media knows, the election of the next pope is a HUGE story, and the world's major news organizations are already booking hotel suites and hiring local staffers to get ready for it. (See Greeley's White Smoke for a fictional perspective on that.) Lastly, what's with Brown's obsession with Harris tweed?
 I was introduced to the books of author Dan Brown only three weeks ago, but have quickly absorbed all four of his published works.  It is easy to see why some are comparing the work of Dan Brown and James BeauSeigneur (THE CHRIST CLONE TRILOGY).  Both Brown and BeauSeigneur deal masterfully with the more mysterious features of religion, politics, and science.  Both bring to light amazing bits of information, which they weave into the intricate patterns of their stories.  Both are highly imaginative and write with a ring of authenticity that makes for a compelling read.  While Brown compresses labyrinthine plots into brief time periods to provide page-turning suspense, BeauSeigneur trilogy is of epic proportion, covering several decades.  While Brown applies the mysteries of history to the drama of "today," BeauSeigneur uses both history and prophecy (from perhaps a dozen major world religions) to transport the reader from the world of today, to the very dawning of a new age in a story reminiscent of the scope of Asimov's classic, FOUNDATION.<br/>One other difference is that BeauSeigneur has taken the novel (pun intended and forgiveness is asked) approach of including footnotes in his books of fiction.  By doing so, he all but eliminates the necessity of suspending disbelief.  Few authors employ such strong factual grounding as to make footnotes useful, but I believe Brown's work (and his readers) would benefit from BeauSeigneur's innovation.
 I love any book dealing with the legendary Illuminati (which I believe, to some degree, actually exists in some form or another). And Dan Brown, as usual, created a great story with plenty of intrigue as well as plot twists. It's only problem might be in the fact it was a bit too long. Sometimes it is better to have exciting books a little faster in pace and shorter in pages, such as "Darkeye". Though not as great a book as "Angels and Demons", it is a good example of how you can have an exciting book without too many pages to deal with.
 Angels &amp; Demons By Dan Brown<br/><br/>The setting is Vatican City; the plot is contemporary with some historical background.<br/><br/>The science fiction requires a subsection of belief, but so does most science.<br/><br/>The characters are well rounded; the reader will find them easily to empathize with.<br/><br/>At 569 (paper back) pages this is not a fast read, but it is fast paced enough to hold the readers interest.<br/><br/>The book is graphic in more ways than one, this is not a book for the Harry potter set, and there are adult themes here in a very believable context.<br/><br/>I generally liked the book; it stands up well on its own, or with the DA VINCI CODE
 Dan Brown is certainly not the first to poke at religion's absurdities, but A&amp;D is entertaining beyond most. For anyone on the fence when it comes to belief, you would be well served by this novel. Those that interpret Deuteronomy literally will find this book impossible to touch. Like Ayn Rand, Dan Brown can write a message between the lines very well.
 Wow, talk about an author with a great sense of imagination!  Dan Brown sends the reader hurtling through the streets of Rome on an incredible chase to "beat the bad guys" in this obvious prelude to The Da Vinci Code.  Ignore the reviews lambasting this book and its "historical inaccuracy"; just like all of his books, this is a work of FICTION!!  Nothing about it needs to be true, it just needs to be enjoyable to the reader. And trust me, if you are looking for a great adventure/mystery, this is the book for you!!  Have fun and take it for what it is!!
 The book is captivating and kept mesmerized and entertained. One of my favorites of his novels. Always leaves me looking forward to his next book.
 My personal favourite from Dan Brown's novels. A hard hitting thriller that will literally keep you glued page after page.<br/><br/>I started this on a Monday morning and had it completed by Tuesday dinner time. How I miss being a student and having free time!
 This is a fine read that will keep you turning the pages. I compare this to a popcorn movie--it's entertaining but the writing's fairly poor. (Brown needs to lay off on the *italics* when *people* are *speaking.*) It's just another example of popular fiction that will sell millions because it's not very challenging. Other reviews claim that this is a great book: Lolita is a great book; Moby Dick is a great book; The Great Gatsby is a great book. Please save your superlatives for something more deserving.
 Dan Brown just has the mastery skills to deliver across the pages a view of religion and science without offending.  He keeps his reader's hands gluded to the book, just free enough to keep turning pages.  After reading Di Vinci code I was convinced Dan Brown had the open mind needed to turn heads, and creating a middle ground for Engineers to admit a creator, and religion to understand science as a way to appreciate that creator.
 Returning to the field of the intellectual action hero who travels the world with beautiful women solving esoteric crimes, Dan Brown makes this novel as interesting as "The DaVinci Code," but perhaps less controversial. If you loved the riddles, games and historical clues that must be solved through symbology, you should love this one about as much as you did the Da Vinci code.
 Interesting puzzles, gruesome murders and secret societies are not enough to save this thriller. The villian is identifiable way too early. The hero is an encyclopedia of trivia no one would know outside of the Vatican walls. Too many escapes and too few traffic jams in Rome.
 This is a fascinating book that melds religion, esotericism, crime, passion, art and culture, in a package that gets more interesting as you turn from page to page. Brown's knowledge of the Illuminati, the Catholic Church, the scientific world, and the world of science is unique. His juxtapositioning of themes and places is superb. His melding of romance and intrigue outstanding. Finally, his descriptions of Rome appear to be spot on -- bringing to life on paper one of the world's most fascinating cities. I would love to see hom write a screenplay, to bring characters, events, and settings to even more life than he has with this book -- if that is possible. Readers, 5 !
 I read this book after I had finished the Da Vinci code.  I am a true critic and I have almost never given a rating above Four Stars.  This one got my vote!  From the very first page you are drawn in to the wonderfully written and amazingly accurate story.  Not to mention how much research Dan Brown must have put into this master-peice.  In my opinion this book is just as good or even better than the Da Vinci code.  And though the huge amount of suspence ends at the climax of the story, the entire book is truly enjoyable.  Possibly one of the best books I have ever read!
 Of course we know that Dan knows how to make us turn the pages really fast and furiously. That is great. This book, like the Davinci Code, drew me in. I got quickly caught up in the characters and plot. But when an ending goes flat and array like this one did, it is in some ways all the more dissappointing. I was expecting a wonderful wrap-up to this thrilling ride. It just didn't make it at the end.
 This book I thought was the best novel ever written. It twists and turns in such ways that you must go back and reread because you are so amazed at what had just happened. It's quick pased but not too fast. I was amazed at how Dan Brown was capable of writing such an awesome book.<br/><br/>When you first begin the book, Robert Langdon, who is a proffesor of religious iconology at Harvard University, gets a call from a Maximilian Kohler. He is a particle physicist at a company called Cern. It is located in Geneva. There has been a murder at their vacinity, and the body is branded with a strange mark. He flies to Switzerland and there he meets the murdered man's daughter Vittoria, and finds out that a very powerful substance called antimatter is missing. To make matters worse, there's a killer threatening to kill the popes, the Vatican is to be blown up by the antimatter, and at first, nobody believes them.<br/><br/>Throughout the book, Robert Langdon, and Vittoria reveal ancient clues to where the popes are to be killed, perform acts of bravery, and constantly escape the clutches of death.
 Every once in a while, you read a book that just floors you with its low quality.  This is one of those.<br/>Let me see if I can summarize it for you.<br/>A sexy, single, well-liked-by-his-students Harvard professor with a swimmer's bod (he swims fifty laps a day) hooks up with the smartest woman on earth (she is also very sexy)to thwart a "Hassassin" who was hired by the illuminati to blow up the Pope with anti-matter.<br/>Yep, that's it.
 generally compelling read, except the ending was a little forced.  the best part was the ambigrams:  illuminati and earth air water fire.  pretty cool.  brown's not nearly as good a writer as his compeer-in-compelling, patricia cornwell.  his characters tend to be writ too simply, too.
 Seeing the description of this book as being comparable to those by Katherine Neville (The Eight, A Calculated Risk, et. al.), I was very excited to read Angels &amp; Demons. Boy, was I disappointed. The author doesn't seem to think much of the intelligence of his readers; the writing is studded with superfluous and exhausting italics, the foreshadowing is done, not so much with a heavy hand as with the heavy feet of a football team (yech - I apologize for the metaphor, but you get the idea) and his characters have uncharacteristic moments of stupidity (not figuring out something really simple) so he can ratchet up the tension a little bit. All of which is really too bad because the plot, in itself, could have been really exciting,<br/>If you enjoy a good conspiracy yarn - this ain't it.
 This is the ultimate page turning book...<br/>Dan Brown's Angels and Demons is full of action, mysteries, information and suspense that you wouldn't believe can exist in one book.<br/>Although I didn't like the ending, but the book gives you a ride of suspense that you will never forget.<br/>Dan Brown is a genius in creating a "mood" that keeps you attached to the story even when you're not reading the book (fortunately this "mood" is not permanent:))<br/>It is much better than Digital fortress and a little bit better that the Da Vinci code.
 ~The first book of the Robert Langdon series by Dan Brown has recieved phenominal reviews and is personally my favorite book.<br/> ~As Robert Langdon a Harvard Religious Symboligist Professor recieves a strange call from an advanced European Science Reseach Center called CERN. They report a fellow scientist was murdered by the satanic cult the Illumnati (a cult missing for more than 500 years). As he discovers that the illumnati has stolen a weapon more powerful than a nuclear warhead and planted it in the Vatican, it is a race to find the stolen religion and prevent the annihlation of the Cathlic Relgion.<br/>~This book is just as addicting as the Da Vinci Code and Dan Brown is in the works of two more Robert Langdon novels taking place in London and Washington D.C.<br/>~A Must Read Book!!!
 Simply amazing. From page one I couldn't put Angels &amp; Demons down. Dan Brown guides you through his adventure giving history from the past and giving you free tour through Vatican City and Rome, showing you famous art from Bernini and much more. The book doesn't stop until the end. Right when you thought you hit then end of the book, it takes another turn, and you flip the pages to another adventure and mystery to solve. This book was one of the greatest books I have ever read. I reccomend this to everyone.
 I read this book very fast (and i am really not a fast reader)because it was very entertaining and good written. I usually dont read those typ of books at all but this one was really good and i seriously couldnt put it down.I hated it when I was riding in the train and got to me destination because i had to stop reading.<br/>I love the story and i like the fact that i have learned a little bit more about the vatican.
 Ridiculous, but entertaining. Definitely better than the movie. These books are so over the top, but they are fun reads.
 Great book, very good description of the works of art. Terrible ending, but the rest of the book compensates.<br/>You should have a computer with internet access while you read through so you could take a real look at all of the pieces and places described in it.
 I'm thinking anyone who gave this more than four stars doesn't read very much.<br/><br/>This book was extremely enjoyable to read.  It keeps you interested and motivated to keep reading.  And, for the most part, you are rewarded for your continued attention.<br/><br/>Some of it, though, is entirely predictable.  Some of it is entirely unrealistic.  And most of the characters aren't very well-developed.<br/><br/>I don't know about all the religious mumbo-jumbo, and I don't much care if it's true or not.  It's a story, for corn's sake.  If you're demanding historical accuracy, build a time machine. Don't read books.  There's just no such thing.
 A dead person is found in an unusual location with indecipherable religious symbols on his body!!!!!<br/><br/>So begins more than just one of Dan Brown's books. When I had finished The DaVinci Code, I wrote an Amazon review in which I predicted a sequel. Here's the sequel, our breathless wait is over.<br/><br/>I am not familiar with all the full professors at Harvard, but I would lay money that they all have heard of the CERN laboratory in Geneva and that they all have at least a passing familiarity with particle physics. But not our boy Langdon, though; nope, he's never heard of either one, so we are treated to grade-school lectures on such subjects as What Was That Big Bang Thing All About, Anyway?<br/><br/>And how about this: "As the air currents buffeted her body, her clothes clung, accentuating her slender torso and small breasts."? Please. Bodice rippers are not typically what I go in for and I certainly don't want to read them by accident. (And why are they small, anyway? Let's go for the gusto.)<br/><br/>And since when is it so inconceivable that thoughtful people can be both religious and scientific? Sure, there are lots of dopes in this world - intelligently designed and otherwise - but giant cabals extending back to before the renaissance, lying darkly in wait to bring down the Vatican, cutting out people's eyeballs to use with retinal scanners? This kind of stuff makes Homeland Security seem sedated; at least with Harry Potter, you know it's all a goof.<br/><br/>Yeah, OK, it's fiction. But enough's enough, already. I won't be reading the next one.
 this book was really good although some parts are not believable at all. Im looking forward to reading the da vinci code, which people say is even better han angels and demons!! Still a fun read, i would recommend this book
 This book really held my attention, it was hard to put down! It's part mystery and part adventure. The author expertly winds different story lines into one excellent story and keeps you guessing the whole time.
 Being an avid reader of mysteries, thrillers, and fiction, I can honestly say that Angels and Demons is the best non-literary book I have ever read.  I read the The Di Vinci Code and enjoyed it.  So, I got Brown's first book and I could not put it down.  I found it to be to a total page-turner.  I learned alot about the history of the Vatican, the Illuminati, Bernini, and Rome.  After finishing the book, I am eager to learn more about the above subjects.<br/>Brown's hero, Robert Langdon, is very likable and a good person to center a book around.  If you want a fantastic read, want a "got to finish it, can't wait for the next chapter"  buy this book.  Scale of 1-10, a 20!
 A great read!<br/>I truly enjoyed reading this It's a rarity these days to find an author capable of such good storytelling. The story is well written and very engaging, and despite the fact that it lost some momentum in the middle, I found myself eagerly turning pages to find out what would happen next. All in all, though this is not quite a perfect novel, it comes close.
 I was really excited to get my hands on this book. I'd heard raving reviews on it. Everyone said it's better than The Da Vinci Code. I finished reading it this morning, and felt like I wasted my time. This book had so many similarities to The Da Vinci Code it's not even funny. Guy gets murdered, his daughter/granddaughter has to help Robert solve clues to a puzzle before they both get killed. Bad guy is who you least expect. I'm surprised in The Da Vinci Code, Robert didn't say, "Didn't I just go through this last year?" It really made me lose respect for Dan Brown.
 Dan Brown has successfully created a book that has a good, fast paced story and a theme that can apply to just about anyone who reads this book.  Brown identifies the conflict between religion and science, reveals the pros and cons for both sides, and ultimately proves that science cannot exist without religion and vice versa because they balance each other out.  Brown also creates a compelling mystery/thriller novel that seamlessly blends fact with fiction with characters that are both intriguing and real.  A must read for those looking for a good story with a deeper meaning.
 I loved it ..<br/><br/>I think what helped me to love it that much is that I started reading The davinci code first ,,<br/><br/>for some reason I think it'd be more interesting for people to start reading davinci code before angels and demons<br/><br/>when I started this book, I expected to be like davinci code , and I thought that for a while , but at the end it was very different ..<br/><br/>I wish I like digital fortress as much as I liked those 2 books
 brilliantly engaging. Love the author and the story of Langdon on another quest.  Nearly as exciting as Da vinci code, but not quite the strength of plot
 As the 2,235th person to review this book, I'm primarily writing to add another one-star to slightly offset the numerous and unaccountable five-stars.  I won't recount the many factual errors others have noted, though it stunned me that Brown twice says the Church murdered Copernicus.  Copernicus died in his bed--I think Brown had him confused with Bruno.  I won't criticize his Italian--that seems to me to be piling on, given how much trouble Brown has with the English language.  I won't go back over the many improbables that even for a work of fiction make it a hoo-hah.  (Suspension of disbelief is one thing, but the novel has to make sense within its own universe).<br/><br/>My primary criticism is the utter lack of pacing.  Despite a time bomb that would tick if it weren't digital and cardinals murdered every hour on the hour (you could set your watch by that Illuminati outfit), the characters always have time to bring the action to a screeching halt with an endless, redundant, sophomoric discussion about science v. religion.  And it's useful to keep in mind the root of the word "sophomoric."  The characters' discussions have all the content and insight of 2 a.m. bull sessions in a dorm room among pretentious sophomores.<br/><br/>I kind of liked Da Vinci Code, as a breezy summer read.  Angels and Demons by contrast isn't a page-turner--it's a page flipper.
 Am I glad I checked out the reviews here so that I can feel better about not liking this book. Oy. I've tried 3 times to get beyond the first 15 pages and I just can't do it. Ditto exactly Jane Bond's earlier review! I, too, read the Da Vinci Code, which was interesting at the time, but this overwrought Angels and Demons feels like been there and done that and don't want to repeat it!
 I read this book after reading the Da Vinci Code and found it to be a lot better than that one. Brown had an incredible way of describing each and every detail on the procedures the Vatican has to run the entire place. Some details are far too interesting and also the way he describes the CERN makes this a captivating reading. Some details feel somewhat false but then again, which book doesn't have these? Great piece of work. Buy it and read it INSTEAD of the Da Vinci Code. Then go that one to see it's sort of a rerun of Angels and Demons.
 Excellent page turner with lots of twists and turns to keep you guessing at every stage. Just when you think you've figured out the plot, he throws in an unsuspected twist. This is a difficult book to put down right through the final pages!<br/><br/>I would recommend reading it before The Divinci Code as a great introduction to the character Robert Langdon. You won't be disappointed.
 To simply put, this read, I WILL NEVER FORGET!<br/><br/>-Langdon is better developed and is so much cooler<br/><br/>-Vittoria was a very delightful and intriguing. Her character was  well developed. She was somewhat the "missing ingredient" of Langdon<br/><br/>-Plot was great<br/><br/>-Topic (SCIENCE &amp; GOD) was very interesting to me.<br/><br/>-Very thought provoking<br/><br/>-Twists and turns will keep you glued to your book (and keep you satisfied)
 Based on all the great reviews, and the comparisons to "The Eight" by Katherine Neville, I brought this book along on my last vacation. While it is a page-turner, the writing is poor, and the plot borders on the ridiculous. I completely second the other review that mentions the preposterous ending. I was highly disappointed in this book, even for beach reading.
 Why do all of Dan Brown's novels begin and end in one 24 hour period? At the end of both TDC and A&amp;D, I sat back and thought "You know, Robert Langdon uncovered a plot to end Christianity, solved numerous ancient riddles, trotted the globe, partially fell in love and faced certain death several times....ALL IN ONE DAY.  What the....???<br/>Let'em sleep a little, Dan.  It'll help out with the realism since you won't need to conjure up jets that travel at Mach 15 to transport your characters across oceans in an hour.
 this second book of Dan Brown is a joy to read. For readers interested in<br/><br/>historical places such as Rome, this book points out several new facts unknown to most of the readers, although many of them have been to Rome before.<br/><br/>The story is thrilling and keeps the reader interested, wanting to know what happens next. Dan Brown's explanation about the Illuminati is well documented and tickles of the curiosity of the reader. The illustrations in this book are beautiful done and helps the reader to understand even more the setting of this compelling novel.<br/><br/>Due to use of larger typing, it's easier to read (for instance in bed with less light).
 What I loved about the Da Vinci Code was the imaginative plot and the suspense built around that plot. What I disliked about Angels and Demons was that it was very predictable, unbelievable, and therefore unsuspenseful. for me it was one of those books that is somewhat unbearable but I didn't stop reading it until 90% of the way through because I kept hoping it would get better. Finally, I gave myself a break and put it down.
 Steady pace and enough twists to keep me going. The main duo worked well together. The writing was fine, although some text could have benefited from a rewrite.
 I agree with some of the reviewers of Dan Brown's other books.  He should fire his editor.  Brown gets a lot of basic information wrong in the book.  For instance, he doesn't know the difference between a "church", a "cathedral" and a "basilica".  They're all "cathedrals" to him.  For a story that deals with intricacies of the Catholic Church his lack of understanding of some elementary terminology is amazing.  He needs a better editor.<br/><br/>The first 80 pages or so were slow going and I almost gave up.  But after that the story really takes off and carries the reader along a wild and exciting journey similar to that in THE DA VINCI CODE.  A thriller but made less believable by glaring lack of understanding of the author.  He needs a better editor.
 I can't possibly put into word what I desire to say about Dan Browns writing.  So I wont even try.  He is certainly a genuis and a natural with talent that can only be inborn.  This type of writing cannot be taught or i would have found the teacher and studied with them for years.  Brilliant, genuis, and extraordinary is all I can say about Mr. Browns incredible talent.  You must read his books!
 I can agree with those of you who say it's far-fetched, and he has definately taken some liberties in this story. But all in all, this is one of the best mystery novels I've read in a while. It's not as cookie-cutter as the detective/serial killer suspense genre has become lately. I throughly enjoyed the journey I was taken on despite some flaws and inaccuracies.<br/>It's a great adventure and an exciting read, if you can allow yourself to get swept away in it, and not take it too seriously.<br/>I, personally, loved it!
 At 569 paperback pages, "Demons and Angels," tells a clever story that would have been twice as clever at half the length.<br/>Religious potboilers come with particular devices attached.  Primary, of course, is the battle between good and evil, with both usually embedded within the Catholic Church.  The good are generally comprised of conservative clerics tinged with liberal/humanist streaks; and the bad are either ultra-conservatives working through an obscure cult to bring the church back to some medieval purity, or out-and-out Satanists suckered by the Prince of Lies, and intent on destruction.  Satan, himself, has been known to make a personal appearance.<br/>"Demons and Angels," remains true to form but adds enough, shall we say, "Devilishly clever," twists and turns to refresh the genre.  The ritual murder of a priest/physicist who has captured anti-matter in the labs of a Swiss Scientific Foundation provides the device that gets this page-turner ripping along.  We're quickly set up with an ever-resourceful he-man scholar, his gorgeous and ever-resourceful counterpart - who happens to be the priest/physicists adopted daughter; a slightly demonic lab director; an impossibly dull chief of Vatican security; and a "camerlengo" who may or may not be the second coming.  Author Dan Brown then throws in the cult of the Illuminati; the skullduggery of a Papal Conclave; art history; religious and scientific arcana; and enough Perils of Pauline cliff-hangers for two books.  This huge pot is Mr. Brown's undoing.  There's so much here that we have characters discussing art history, and religious lore as they're, literally, running between murders and acts of daring-do.  And there are so many such acts crammed into a twenty-four hour period that it becomes impossible to suspend disbelief -a fatal flaw for a thriller.<br/>Had Mr. Brown managed to cut about 200 pages "Demons and Angels" would have been one hell of a book.  As it is, it's interesting, and exciting, but ultimately a failure.  Perhaps he does better with the "The Da Vinci Code" which on first look appears to be a second chance.  We'll see.
 This is one of the best books I've read in the past few months! Brown's book is really intelligent and very well written. If you like conspiracy's stories combined with history and real facts, you should read this one!
 I thought this was a great read. I heard that I had to read this first, before the Da Vinci Code, so I did and couldn't put it down. I'm not well-read enough to be aware of all the factual inaccuracies, so I'll just report on the fact that the novel is fast-paced and exciting. I liked all the historical facts and mythology and plot twists. There was a certain lack of substance with the characters and the plot tended to wrap itself up "nicely," but overall, Brown's writing kept me turning the pages. If you're looking for accuracy and credibility, look elsewhere. If you are looking for a fun read that keeps you interested with fact action and plot twists that you keep you guessing, this is your book.
 It was fine. Could tell what was going to happen and who was involved long before it occurred. Decent book.
 Guguz8hih8h 8m joij9j ihih9j u9uoj jou9u j9uoj for trf g g g g g 3 3 3nend d do zz
 Apart from wading through the clunky prose, there were so many errors in this book. A jet that travels at super-supersonic speeds - 15,000 miles an hour. Okay, ridiculous, but I shrugged and went with it only to find Dan B describing turbulence a couple of pages later. To anyone who knows the first thing about flying in the stratosphere (as supersonic jets do), they would also know that there is NO turbulence. The air is too thin and the weather systems don't reach that high (55,000 - 60,000 feet). After a 100 pages more of getting hacked to death by clumsy, childish prose and similar rubbish, I gave up. The only book worse than this (though it was a close call) was in fact the Da Vinci Code (or 'Harry Potter and the Famous Five go to find the Holy Grail' (chased by Clouseau) as I call it. Ten or twenty years from now, I'm sure Dan Brown will be voted one of the worst writers of all time. He makes Jackie Collins look like a Booker prize winner. And what gets me is that a supposedly worthy crime buff such as Otto Penzler (in his review of Deception Point) said that Angels and Demons was one of the best books of the previous year. All I can say, Otto, is that obviously you haven't recovered from the lobotomy as well as everyone had hoped.
 Starts slow, first third of the book makes you wonder what might ever happen here.  Picks up a lot from that time and finishes at warp speed.  Great beach reading.
 Started with reading Dan Brown's book "The DaVinci Code" and was so enthralled with the plot that I had to read his other publications, Digital Fortress and Demons and Angels. Long story short.... good book and the time invested on it will not be in vain for sure.
 I just finished this novel and it completely shocked me. It went from being a time consumer to a rollercoaster ride that thrust me through so many emotions, so many obstacles, and compelling puzzles.<br/>A church conspiracy, a silent battle that has raged between science and theology...it was amazing. It isn't for the weak of faith because if you are easily influenced this novel could sway your opinion of either science or church. If you are open minded and looking for one of those novels begging for it's pages to be turned...look no further.
 I read this before reading the Da Vinci Code.  It still remains my favorite of his books.  The perfect mix, James Bond and Indiana Jones!  Write more soon Mr.Brown, we are on the edge of our seats waiting to see what is next!
 Even though I didn't think it possible that "The Da Vinci Code" could be matched by another Dan Brown book, I was proved wrong with "Angels and Demons". Like "The Da Vinci Code", it was full of excitment, intrigue, as well as plenty of plot twists. I just wish it hadn't been quite so long. A book like "Darkeye" presents an exciting tale, too, even if not as well-crafted as Dan Brown's "Angels and Demons", yet gets you to the exciting and unpredictable ending much faster.
 After finishing "The DaVinci Code" (a good book, but IMHO a little overrated) I bought this book. It's nothing more than a bad clone of TDVC (or maybe a rough draft, as it's older). The story and the characters are not believable. Cardinals are depicted as superstitious and gullible: in real world Cardinal are skilled politicians before being priests, and I am sure they are less prone to believe in miracles than the average believer is (well, I'm an atheist, so probably mine is not a fair vision).<br/><br/>Moreover, as an Italian, I was bothered by the several errors in the very many Italian sentences the book contains. I think that Mr Brown could have had them corrected by an Italian, or not included them at all.
 I really enjoyed reading this book although it was quite a bit far-fetched. I liked the way he incorporates real places (like CERN) and researched facts and theories into his books.  The twists in the plot are also very good.  I found this book to be much more enjoyable then the Da Vinci Code.  It had a similar feel to it, but the location, descriptions, characters etc. all made Angels and Demons more interesting to me.  I guess it was really exciting for me because I work at a University that works closely with CERN and it gives the book a more real appeal even if the story line itself is a bit out there.  I thought it was a really neat concept and I wont spoil what happens but it is definitely worth the read.  I abandoned tons of things I should have been doing to pour over the book.
 If you have not read The Da Vinci Code, read Angels &amp; Demons first! For those of you who have read The Da Vinci Code, Langdon is pretty much the same in this novel as he was in The Da Vinci Code. The story takes you to the four corners of Italy with vivid reality. A must read if your interested in new and exciting places. The character development is good but the story and sites are the reason to read this Langdon installment. I am going to Italy this Summer and planning my trip around many of these sites. Pick it up and you will be gald that you did.
 How does this jerk and his publishers get away with it?  Dan Brown's books are so apallingly researched and error-ridden that it really is an insult.  I'm not driven by any ideology, nor am I pedantic - but it's the writer himself who pretentiously claims the details in this book to be "fact" in the preface.  I find it impossible to enjoy a book when every page is riddled with simple error.  For goodness' sake, "My First Book of Art" or a simple map of Rome is all you need to find them!  As for the so-called "Art Expert" (Robert Langdon), he has got to be the the most ignorant art teacher on the face of the planet.  I'm insulted by such blatant disregard for accuracy, and depressed by the low standards of the reading public.
 This is one of the best books I've read in a looong time.  This book is engaging, fast paced and full of interesting and well researched facts.  If you liked the DaVinci code I know you'll like this book.<br/>I was never much of a mystery/thriller reader, but I found this book amazing.  I love every book I've read by Dan Brown and plan to read the rest.  He really should write more books with Robert Langdon.<br/>If anyone else knows any other good books with facts about christianity and religion or the Illuminati come tell me!  This books is amazing! everyone should read it.
 The only way to read this book is all at once. Unfortunately, I had to take a break after chapter 4, and couldn't get back to it until 9 pm. So much for that night's sleep! This is a book that has everything: fantastic plot, futuristic and mystical overtones, beautifully described fine art, science, religion, spritituality....fanatacism, heroism, hatred, love, death, rebirth. What more is there to say? Although you may want to guess at the ending, (who IS the bad guy, WHAT is going to happen), don't cheat by looking ahead! You won't want to miss even one page of this delicious book.
 Wow!  A superior page-turner here set in historically rich locations.  Everything about this book turned out to be fascinating.  Be sure to read the book first before going to the website for additional interesting info.  This would be a great vacation/beach read.
 How does a writer make a cheap buck?  By using the same plot for two different novels.  That's exactly what Dan Brown did.  His book has virtually the same plot as the Da Vinci Code.  Don't get suckered into getting two books of the same plot, as if one is not bad enough.  If you want to get suckered twice, I can't stop you.<br/><br/>The "facts" within the fiction is so outrageous that it's hard to catelogue all the misinformation.  But calling someone a symbologist?  What in the world is that?  Can Brown at least check Harvard to make sure such an discipline exist?  This is not a sci-fi. It ought to have some realism.  Perhaps Harvard ought to create a dpt. of symbology just because Dan Brown said so.  Oh please!  This is just one example of the sloppiness that is evident in both this book and the Da Vinci Code.  IF you want to read it, borrow it from the library.  Its shoddy historical "evidence" is not worth the paper it's printed on.<br/><br/>For anyone impressed with Brown's "historical knowledge,"  he or she ought to retake history of western civilization 101.  The theories and historical facts are insulting to any informed mind.  They distract rather than help with any redeeming quality of this novel.
 IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN READING A BOOK BY DAN BROWN, YET ARE WEARY OF ALL THE RELIGIOUS CONTROVERSY THAT SURROUNDS "DA VINCI CODE" THEN I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS BOOK.<br/><br/>"ANGELS &amp; DEMONS" HAS EVERYTHING THAT "DA VINCI CODE" HAS - THE HISTORY, THE COVER UP, THE SUSPENSE, THE ARCHITECTURE - BUT IT HAS FAR LESS CONTROVERSY.<br/><br/>ALL IN ALL, IT WAS A VERY FUN READ.
 Da Vinci code was new and mysterious and refreshing...the rest of his books are just same ol same ol.  Old professor who isn't quite as cool as Indiana jones comes across young attractive female and together the do increasingly more unrealistic things to save the world. Sound familiar?
 He keeps you turning the pages, waiting for the next plot twist. I usually read to help me go to sleep, but this book kept me up many nights! I must admit you have to have suspension of disbelief for many things in this book (a jet that goes Mach 15, the small amount of time in which Langdon accomplished all the things he did) but what a ride this book is! If you enjoyed the DaVinci Code, you will LOVE this book.
 This book was good- not great. I read The DaVinci Code first and I found myself constantly comparing it. It was not as good as The DaVinci Code. It did keep me entertained. I would recommend it if you were desperately searching for something to read.
 "Angels &amp; Demons", by Dan Brown, is a well written alchemist story about Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor who travels to Switzerland to investigate the brutal murder of an extremely important and brilliant scientist whom Langdon (an expert on religious symbolism) comes to believe is the work of the Illuminati, a powerful group that existed during the times of the Roman Catholic Church's prosecution against scientists. The victim was a scientist who was trying desperately to prove the existence of God through science. He and his daughter, Vittoria, discover what is called `antimatter' which is a type of matter that has the capability to provide the best source of energy, while also holding the power to cause massive destruction. The victim's killer(s) seem to have stolen large amounts of antimatter after they killed him, and it is Robert and Vittoria's job to locate the highly explosive antimatter that has been hidden in the walls of the Vatican, and also save four cardinals that have been kept hostage. Dan Brown seems to compare Catholicism and science in "Angels &amp; Demons".<br/><br/>  He relates and compares religion and science in his novel, the way he ties the Roman Catholic Church into the drama of the crime changes the scene and hits people where they aren't expecting it. The topics seem like they challenge each other, the Science of antimatter that ironically is being used to prove the existence of God; usually science is used to create ideas that can explain the real ways of the universe, rather than God.<br/><br/> The way Brown organized the novel as a sort of cross between Indiana Jones and The History Channel is interesting and intriguing. The scariest part, however, is that this sort of event is not unheard of and is possible that what happened to the captive priests could happen. The fact that the four cardinals are being held hostage in a ticking time bomb the day before the election of the new Pope makes your hear beat fast and it gets you excited about what is going to happen next!<br/><br/> The issue of counterevidence in "Angels &amp; Demons" is the basis for most of the book because I believe that the main thesis is the connection and also the resistance of religion and science in life. Vetra states "Biologists call it altered states. Psychologists call it super-sentience. And Christians call it answered prayer.", a clear example of a religious and scientific comparison (Brown 163). The clues given to Langdon are used professionally and efficiently to save lives and are what keeps the reader constantly needing to know what happens next. Langdon says, "Science tells me God must exist. My mind tells me I will never understand God. And my heart tells me I am not meant to." showing the internal struggle he is felling about the situation (Brown 272).<br/><br/>The argument in this novel is not something to be necessarily convincing, the contrast between religion and science is a reoccurring theme is both "Angels &amp; Demons"  and the following book, "The Da Vinci Code". They certainly make the reader think about the reality of the world and that this idea is not far fetched at all; it is in all ways possible.<br/><br/> This novel is similar to any fiction novel, interesting, fun, and certainly well written. While the beginning might be a little slow, once you find out one thing that happens, you are hooked; the use of clues that are used by Langdon to find the antimatter are suspenseful, heart-throbbing, as well as playful.<br/>I ultimately loved this book, as it was a nice, fun break from reading history and non-fiction textbooks; while I learned quite a bit about the history of the Roman Catholic Church. This book is written eloquently, but the vocabulary is not difficult to read/understand for young adults or teenagers. Overall a solid 4.5, only because the writing is at times cliché, which it needs to be at some extent to be as suspenseful and hooking as it was.
 I had read numerous reviews about people having to stop reading and search the internet, etc. to see what Dan Brown was talking about in this story.  The illustrations are excellent!  They show precisely what it is the narrator is trying to describe.  The photos take you on a journey through the heart of the catholic churches of Rome.  All the architecture and art work are captured so that you know exactly what the narrator sees while you twist and turn through the streets on this fast paced, exciting adventure.<br/><br/>Oh yeah, the story was great, too.  It kept me glued for hours!  Glad I didn't have to break away to surf the web for the pictures.  Would have been 5 stars except for the ending.
 No doubt about it, Dan Brown writes novels that are controversial.  But for me, he has inspired me to want to read more about the history of Christianity.  I know a little about the history of "The Book of Common Prayer."  I'll just have to read some more.  Then, I'll assemble my own "facts" and take my time to sort it all out.
 Dan Brown's masterpiece, Angels and Demons is a must read for anyone.  Standardly I do not read fiction, however, his use of suspense and active switching of POVs captivated me for 3 days straight.  I am a spiritual agnostic who leans more towards paganism and found the game of cat and mouse intriguing to my existential, philosophical mind.  The words are powerfully moving.  Agnostic, Pagan, Catholic, Athiest, Scientologist... this book is for you - it addresses the issues that we all struggle with on a constant basis. To believe.
 In Angels and Demons, Dan Brown was seriously overreaching. The book is a fiasco and the ending does NOT make sense at all. I don't know how he built this whole story.<br/><br/>I do give him credit for his writing abilities, which earned him 2 stars for this book.
 I have read the Da Vinci Code, Inception Point and Digital Fortress in addition to Angels and Demons.  In my opinion Angels and Demons had the best plot, most action, and more believability than any of the other three.  The Da Vinci Code may have received the most notoriety, but this title was a much better read.  If you like a fast moving mystery, this is your book.
 I've read four of his books: Deception Point, Digital Fortress, The DaVici Code, and Angels &amp; Demons. I didn't care for them, and like this one probably least of the four.<br/><br/>I won't spoil the book if you want to read it, but if you've read one of them, then you've basically read this one too. If you enjoyed those, you probably will like this one.
 The people that are giving negative reviews about this book are coming from some really weird angles.  They are picking apart certain plot points instead of ENJOYING the story, like they should.  This is fiction, not non-fiction, so the author has 'creative license'.  I think this book was a great read.  The plot is sometimes predictable and other times not.  It's like any other book or movie you see.<br/><br/>I found this book to actually be better than the DiVinci Code in that it does contain more characters, which gives the plot more places to twist and turn.  Dan Brown writes like a movie would play - which keeps you on the edge of your seat and makes it hard to put the book down when you have to.  You can very easily visualize everything that is happening.  I have never been an avid reader, but his books ('Angels' and 'Code') have got me reading again.  I can't wait until the third installment.
 This novel is the very same formula as the Da Vinci Code. But it is very well written, and I could not put it down while I was reading it. Perhaps Brown could think up some newer story formulas, but this is a formula that has worked for him.<br/>I think it is better than Da Vinci Code. Recommended!
 As a reader, I don't really enjoy being led around by the nose -- there are a few things I'd occasionally like to figure out by myself, thanks.<br/>The story is a neat idea, though nothing new if you've seen/heard any conspiracy theory shows in the last 30 years.  Essentially, the Illuminati are coming to take over the world -- funnily enough, even though I've heard of them, and I'm sure you've heard of them, none of the educated elite in this book have heard of them.  Apparently they've never listened to Art Bell, or seen the sci-fi channel.  Or read a history book.<br/>The characters are flat and uninteresting and horribly cliche, with the main character's description looking suspiciously like the author's picture, and the buxom genius scientist damsel in distress.<br/>If you like being told exactly what to think and feel while you're reading, (in fact, this book would probably do remarkably well as a TV show), this is the book for you.
 Once again Dan keeps you on your toes and waiting for the next chapter. Love the history with fiction and non-fiction. Keep them coming
 as someone already said, "improbably, boring, dull, and over the top." the beginning of the book was good and pulled me in, but the rest of the book gradually left me wanting more. the main character runs around on a wild goose chase escaping from death in the most unbelievable and ridiculous ways. he had too many unlikely escape from death experiences and "oh yea i've got it" momments to make me puke.<br/><br/>if you like run of the mill and luke warm fiction this is for you. if your favorite books are bought from the impulse isle in the grocery store then this is for you.
 This was a non-stop action pacted book.  The book has a twisting effect on your brain.  You want to keep reading even though you know your going to be late for something if you do.  This book shows the reader what Dan Brown wanted you to visually see.  Even the Vatican one of the most gaurded places on the planet is not immune to corruption.<br/>This is a real good book for those people who are religiously affilated with a church but are very interested in science.  This book pushed that both were really going for the same goal.
 Ok I have one question: Does the plot to Angels and Demons not sound like the same plot to the da vinci Code? While they are not identical they are incredibly similar. Someone calls Robert Langdon (while sleeping), gives him some startling info and then he rushes off to solve the mystery. Which wouldnt be a problem if he didn't also happen to try to solve the murder with the victims daughter or granddaughter and so on. It's just a little too coincidental. And not to mention that the antics that Robert gets involved in often seem a little to far fetched. But the reason I give it 4 stars is the book is entertaining. The research Dan Brown does for his books is also amazing.
 Solid Read.  Great plot, dynamic characters, and it was impossible to put it down once you picked it up.  Well researched, well written, well done.  Got me hooked on Robert Langdon, and I look forward to seeing if in the Solomon Key the character is given back the spirit that made it possible to stay with the series.
 If you liked the Da Vinci Code, you will love this book! I've heard several people saying this book i better, and I have to agree. This is a book that is very difficult to put down, and don't start reading unless you have sufficiently time to finish it within a few days!  :-)
 In my life, I've reviewed many books, over 1000. Of these books, only seven authors have I given 5 stars. I've read Tolkien, Dickens, Shakespeare, Smith, Stevenson, London, Colfer, Sir Walter Scott and various others. These are Hesiod, Voltaire, Vyasa, paleontologist Steve Brusatte, Doyle and Dan Brown. This novel I recommend to all.
 A hideous, godawful, video game masquerading as a novel.  There is not one single character to care about and all the frenetic plotting just exaggerates this deficiency.  I never even found out if they saved the Vatican cause I couldn't be bothered. I will avoid Dan Brown's work like it has Anthrax in it.
 I'm probably baised, but I thought this book was just average.  I think it's because i read the da vinci code first, and the plot was sort-of predictable since i read one of dan brown's books already.  However, if you havent read a dan brown book yet, i think this is a great one to read!
 How is this book different from Da Vinci Code?  Not very much, except that it is a much inferior read, and makes much less sense.  The author seems to have written these two books in cookie-cutter style, with an unsuspecting protagonist, the close-of-kin lovely, a completely implausible plot, all rotating about an ancient sect that no one knew existed in today's world.  It was a fast read, but a very poor one.
 Awesome book read by someone with a great voice. Very very enjoyable. Some parts had more gruesome details then I would have preferred, but nothing over the top or senseless. Very good overall.
 for those of you who liked the davinci code, this will be a fun read.  d&amp;a is terrible literature, like davinci, but is a fun read.  it follows the same general formula, but has a couple different twists, and has more of that is-it-true-or-not church history.  okay, so you generally know how itll end.. but whatever.  its still fun.
 I love Dan Brown's work, I'm a huge history fan and I feel Dan captured the Secret Societies and the Vatican perfectly. His books make you feel your a part of the story and I enjoy a great read like that. I have all his books and find myself reading them over again several times.<br/>Katie Boyd<br/>Author of <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Devils-Demonology-In-the-21st-Century/dp/0764331957/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Devils &amp; Demonology In the 21st Century</a>
 There has been an awful lot of hype about Dan Browns books, so much so that a sort of cult is emerging. On the other side of the coin is the detractors who nit pick on his penchant for exageration and inaccuracy. They are fiction for gods sake!<br/><br/>People are taking his stuff way too seriously, both positive and negative, and should just see them for what they are - fast paced, formula driven, far fetched, silly fun.<br/><br/>Well worth a read - just like McDonalds is worth eating. ie about twice a year..
 Lots of ups and downs with this book. I was not at all happy with the ending. I did enjoy the twists and turns in the book but I feel it went on a bit too long.
 I would have to say this was a better read than the more famous book, 'The Da Vinci Code'. It only got its fame from the controversy about Christianity, while not having a superb storyline.<br/><br/>"Angels and Demons" concerns the ongoing war between Science and Religion that has been raging on for centuries. In the story, Robert Langdon deals with a member in particular of the secret society named "the Illuminati". Robert and his female companion have to do quite a bit of detective work all across Rome, following a secret path that has been put in place by the ancient Illuminati members. And at the same time, he tries to stop the anti-matter bomb from destroying the entire city.<br/><br/>I admire the overall plot how Dan Brown ties everything together. Great work. If you "loved" the Da Vinci Code, I guarantee you will like this as well, if not more.
 I've read in years.  My husband bought it at the airport and having enjoyed The Da Vinci Code, I expected this to be a fun read too.  It's poorly written, the plot twists and turns are not believable, and the ending is just ridiculous. I want my time back.
 I have generally heard that people felt Angels &amp; Demons was more superior to The Da Vinci Code. Although they are in the same vein - I think Angels &amp; Demons requires alot of suspension of disbelief.
 If looking for a book with the wit of the DaVinci Code, but with a faster plot line, this is definitely the book to choose. Although the plot is very similar to that of the DaVinci Code, it has much more suspense and provides for a much quicker read as soon as you get past the first fifty pages. After that, prepare for one wild ride. That, and the scenery, as well as the characters, are written in much more vivid detail. When comparing Dan Brown's Robert Langdon stories, this one is certainly the better of the two.
 I have to say that Dan Brown is a master story teller. Although I read The Da Vinci Code before this one, it was thrilling in every context. Many people have reviewed Brown's books and I think the only thing I can say is that "This one is not to be missed"
 This is a fun and entertainingly fast-paced novel that maintains a level of intelligence that helps this book stay refreshingly interesting in a time when a lot of modern novels are, well, crap.  The truths and intricacies within the novel also makes it smart and fun to read--the word 'wow' came to my mind a few times, just based on how it all fits together, while still twisting and turning so that the reader doesn't really know where it's going.
 It has been a while since I read this book. For a thriller, though, it was anything but exciting, and rather than being a page turner, I contemplated putting the book down after every page and never picking it back up again.<br/><br/>I will not argue that Mr. Brown is a very intelligent individual. Intelligence, however, does not guarantee you will be a good writer.<br/><br/>The plot itself was predictable, and the writing style never changed to convey a change in feeling from a night at home to a ride in a helicopter soon to explode with antimatter. Brown relies heavily on thought verbs to carry him, to the point that he seems incapable of producing any real action.<br/><br/>In the end, the only reason I am glad I read this book was that I learned a small amount about the Illuminati. That, however, is not worth the investment of reading 569 pages. Do yourself a favor and read a classic that you have been meaning to read.
 This was my favorite book until I just finished his book The Lost Symbol.<br/><br/>Love how Dan pulls you in and keeps you interested.  Like usual the book is much better than the movie but the movie was ok.  Too much information to try and squeeze into a movie in my opinion.
 All in all, this book is a magnificant read. I read it after The Da Vinci Code, with no regrets. I'd say this book is better than what it was leading up to.<br/><br/>I personally am not a fan of much other than fantasy, but Brown makes the novel interesting and knowledgable at the same time. I highly suggest you to put this on you 'yet to read' list.
 Fast paced action, a reluctant hero, a dash of romance, some food for the thought (morality and religion), this thriller follows the "recipe" for a bestseller. It is not a book I will keep and cherish, but I enjoyed the ride, carried away to finish reading the novel in one setting.
 The story being told in this book is exciting, suspensful, and very interesting. The way Brown tells it, however, is nothing short of annoying. He has a knack for pointing out the obvious. Over and over. In fragments. Like this. Then, he recounts numerous tales from the characters' past. The majority of these stories have nothing to do with the current action and offer no insight into the character's psychology, they just fill pages. If you cut out that superfluous character history, the repetition and the messages from Captain Obvious, this would be a much shorter (and very much more enjoyable) read.
 I enjoyed the constant roller coaster action of the story and the crafty unfolding of events and twists. But for those like me who enjoy the symbiotic power of action AND depth in a story, the deficiencies in this novel were more than minor. I felt that each character lacked the necessary depth for the reader to really sense their inner struggles. Having read three other books, "THE BOURNE LEGACY" (Ludlum), "CANVAS SUNSETS NEVER FADE" (Frieden), and "SANDSTORM" (Rollins) at roughly the same time, by comparison I was left somewhat disappointed by Brown's novel. Perhaps "The De Vinci Code" will be better.
 After reading the DaVinci Code I couldn't get enough Dan Brown.  I read Digital Fortress first and couldn't get into it near as much as Da Vinci Code.  I don't think that the characters were developed near as well, but Angels and Demons had me from the beginning.  I liked this book as much if not more than the Da Vinci Code.  There are a lot of factual references in this book which is most likely what everyone is complaining about, but hey, this is fiction.  No one can be perfect when adding all of this history.  I believe that if you really liked Da Vinci Code that this is worth some time.  You can decide for yourself if it's a good read, but I loved it.
 This is the best thriller I have read in at least a year.  The last two (by Robert Ludlum) I didn't even finish.  I went to the used book store to buy The Divinci Code, but they didn't have any.  So I took a chance with Angels and Demons.  Now, I can't wait to get the rest of Dan Brown's books.
 Excellent and shipped on time.
 Let's see, a strange murder by an underground cultic organization bent of discovering long suppressed secrets, followed by a phone call to the sleeping "art critic and symbologist" who slams the phone down with a "call me at the office!" attitude, but then can't sleep, wondering....<br/><br/>This is the story board for both this screenplay-disguised-as-a-novel and the dismal "all of this is really true" pack of lies called Da Vinci Code.  Dan Brown has one story, and is trying to sell it again. Happily, this one has less of an axe to grind, but just as much non-scholarship.
 I should first admit that I was really late in giving a review of this book. I watched the movie first and then I was pretty impressed with the movie, that I got the book and it was a very nice read.<br/><br/>If you love semi-fiction and a little bit of history and religion, this book is an amazing read.
 You won't be able to put this book down!  I read this before the Davinci code and actually liked A&amp;D better.  The author has a brilliant and imaginative mind.  It's so interesting how he uses actual little known facts about secret societies and papal codes and intertwines them with such a supsensful story.
 Brand New Book!!!! Regular size Hardcover version 1s t edition as described!!!
 We have already rated and reviewed this product once and didn't think we'd have to do again.  Enjoyable and would recommend.
 I read this book after the Da Vinci Code thinking it wouldn't compare.  I read the book in two days and could not put it down! Page after page kept you interested and on the edge of your seat. Set in Rome and Vatican City, you learn about the secrets of the past in the fight between science and religion and how both have tried to eliminate one another from existence.  Just when you think you've got it figured out Brown throws you through an exciting loop! It really gets your brain ticking. A must-read for sure.
 books is as advertised. I enjoyed reading it and recommend it.
 This book has over a thousand reviewers, so I would amagine everything has been said. I liked it better than the even more popular Da Vinci Code--but they're both good reads.
 i enjoyed this book, i coulnd't stop reading because there is just so much to be read and found out as the plaot develops. i gave it 4 instead of 5 stars because the last 60 pages or so stunk. the cardinal thing and all that was bogus and it got stretched just a little too far. good effort Mr. Brown i hope to read more of your books.
 Angels and Demons like the Da Vinci Code was written very well I thought.  These books both keep you reading and wondering what is going to happen next. They are however both going to contribute to societal decay.  That makes them harmful rather then just inert entertainment. I have read them both but many with little faith or knowledge seem to be treating them as fact instead fiction sprinkled with a few facts. Since societal evolution is so important I cannot recommend this book.
 Angles and Demons is a very fast paced thriller, that is suspenseful and funny in parts.  It's very clear to the reader that Dan Brown has done tremendous amounts of research for this novel.  I really enjoyed the main characters, Robert, and Vittoria.  The only bad thing about this book was the ending.  Don't get me wrong, the ending isn't horrible (far from it) it just seemed a little over the top for me.  Anyways, if your one of the few Americans who haven't picked this book yet, DO SO NOW IT'S GREAT!!!
 Dan Brown has now joined my James Patterson/John Grisham/Dean Koontz Club -- so much potential -- so much disappointment!<br/><br/>The only thing I can think of that would be more painful than trying to finish the book (only read about two-thirds of it then skipped to the end) would be trying to watch Tom Hanks play out the role with his one serious expression and freaky hair . . . again! (typed the way Forest Gump talks)
 His Excellency The Pope<br/><br/>Vatican City<br/><br/>Your Excellency,<br/><br/>I had the privilege of watching the world-wide coverage of the the recent Conclave of the College of Cardinals on television  and would like to register my complaint!<br/><br/>First of all, nobody died- (other than the former Pope of course).<br/><br/>Second no one planted any bombs, anti-matter particle generators, poison gas cannisters or other weapons of mass destruction in or near the Vatican causing untold danger and potential destruction to everyone in a 5 mile radius.<br/><br/>Third, there were no hunky, or even kind-of hunky symbologist wearing a Mickey Mouse  featured anywhere.<br/><br/>Fourth, no one fell out of a helicoptor or off a third storey balcony. In fact there was no falling at all.<br/><br/>Fifth, the entire College of Cardinals never got together to  chant the Pope's name, most of them didn't even make it up to the balcony to wave.<br/><br/>I really think that to increase your mass appeal and boost interest in something as significant as Conclave you really should look into featuring some Hollywood style special effects. I would also suggest that you look into creating a role for a strong attractive female lead possibly in a very short skirt or shorts.<br/><br/>I hope you will look into this and incorporate some of my suggestions before the next Conclave.<br/><br/>Sincerely yours,<br/><br/>An avid Dan Brown fan.<br/><br/>p/s By the way, the bells were a nice touch, but I really also think you need to look into getting someone up there to ring them sooner, the fifteen mintue delay betwen the white smoke appearing and the ringing of the bells caused confusion around the world doesn't really do much for your image.
 Excellent!!!
 I like Dan Brown, and Angels &amp; Demons didn't disappoint. Contrary to many fellow reviwers on this site, I can see past the religion and see the book for what it is - entertainment. It isn't a personal vendetta against the Roman Catholic church, nor is it blasphemous or trying to change the history of mankind. It's just an adrenaline-pumping, page-turning suspence novel. A work of fiction.
 The prequel to The Da Vinci Code contains almost every element of a good story. Its suspense will make you turn the pages like wildfire, and the plot twists and turns enough to keep you guessing until the end. The romance adds interest, and the history is fascinating. CHECK IT OUT!
 I liked this better than The Da Vinci Code!  It was absolutely captivating.  Dan Brown obviously did a great deal of research to write this book.  The details about The Vatican, The Illuminati and antimatter were amazing.  The characters were so detailed, I could clearly see them.<br/><br/>  I could not put this book down.  It was fast paced and exciting.  When I was out of the house I found myself wanting to get back home to read it.  I can't wait to read another Dan Brown book.
 This book is in no way a horror story.  I think Amazon just put it here because it has the word "Demons" in the title.  Actually, if you think the catholic church is scary, then it may be a horror...
 I decided to read Angels &amp; Demons before The DaVinci Code because of all of the publicity surrounding The DaVinci Code.  I was absolutely amazed!  I wish I had not waited so long before starting this book or being introduced to this author.<br/><br/>Dan Brown kept me rivited to this book, and I found myself being unable to put it down.  The way he included religion and history into such a thrilling plot just made the book all the more enjoyable.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor and read this immediately!
 I know Dan Brown has developed a cult-like following in some circles, and by in large his work is innovative and not like the derivative garbage out there.  But, the scene where Langdon directs his fall out of the helicopter and into the river is so sophomoric that it ruins the book.  It violates the most basic concepts of physics and would be better placed in a Harry Potter tale.  I literally flung the book across the room in disgust.  For those who don't mind the insult to basic logic, I guess 5 stars makes sense.
 I read this book before I read The Da Vinci Code unlike most.  I really like the fast paced short chapters.  Most books fill pages with boring details and forget about entertainment.  Dan Brown never forgets to keep you involved.  He develops the characters and fills you with wonderful detail all while keeping you on the edge of your seat.  I'm absolutely amazed at how this book is writen.  It's definitely one of my favorites of all time.
 A great enjoyable ride.  Each time I picked the book I was anticipating an hour of enchanting adventure, gratefully spellbound for a couple or more.
 The only way to read this book is all at once. Unfortunately, I had to take a break after chapter 4, and couldn't get back to it until 9 pm. So much for that night's sleep! This is a book that has everything: fantastic plot, futuristic and mystical overtones, beautifully described fine art, science, religion, spritituality....fanatacism, heroism, hatred, love, death, rebirth. What more is there to say? Although you may want to guess at the ending, (who IS the bad guy, WHAT is going to happen), don't cheat by looking ahead! You won't want to miss even one page of this delicious book.
 This is my first time reading a Dan Brown book and I loved this book.  He does a wonderful job laying out the novel and incorporating history and suspense all in one fluid novel.  I am planning on reading The Da Vinci Code as soon as possible and I can't wait.  It took me two days to read Angels &amp; Demons.  Maybe I'll finish The Da Vinci Code in one day.
 Being 15, I never thought I would read anything besides Harry Potter. I read The Da Vinci Code first, and fell in love. Angels and Demons is Suspensful, and also had me sleeping with the lights on. I could see that this book might stir up some controversy with some people. I highly reccomend this book, but not to people who might be disturbed with religious cults and some "satanist" things. A very good read.
 I'll concede this to Dan Brown and his fans:  Angels and Demons is a page-turner, but the writer's heavy-handed foreshadowing quickly becomes irritating.  In addition, the book is sloppy.  Mr. Brown's Italian is atrocious. I believe that he also handles the "truth" he mixes into his fiction with the same lack of precision.  There are errors in about half of the Italian phrases he throws in for, I presume, authenticity.  Is Mr. Brown too arrogant to ask an Italian to proof-read it? Or is he in a rush to publish and get the money rolling in.<br/><br/>But linguistic inaccuracy and clumsy page-turner techniques are minor irritations.  The book is simply badly written.  The characters are two-dimensional.  They do not live on in the mind like the characters of great novels.  The reader is supposed to accept at one point that the cameralengo is a truly godly man with great spiritual insight.  He disposes with the problem of omnipotence and benevolence-the most puzzling question at the heart of most religions-quite simply and, we are to believe, brilliantly.  He compares God to a loving father who lets his child skateboard even though he might fall and skin his knees.  God allows us pain so that we will learn.  And this is the great spiritual maturity that makes this priest the closest man to the Pope?  What is the child who is raped at the age of 2 supposed to "learn" from God by this experience?  What are starving people to "learn" before they die of starvation?  Do all the poor, starving, sick people all over the world need to learn more than we do...more than a wildly successful novelist needs to learn from God?<br/><br/>OK, I know it isn't a theological work, it's a mystery novel.  But Mr. Brown shouldn't address the big themes if he can only do so in such a pathetic way.  It's an insult to the reader.<br/><br/>What a contrast between this book and the last one that I read:  The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency by Alexander McCall Smith.  Delightful and deceptively simple, I thoroughly enjoyed it and feel that Precious Ramotswe is a living, breathing, big, beautiful African woman.  Reading that book was like eating a fine meal...very satisfying.  Reading Angels and Demons was more like consuming an entire can of Cheese Whiz.
 This was another great book by Dan Brown untill the part with the helicopter. When Robert jumps out, he so happens to grab a tarp and it so happens that the tarp is big enough to slow down his fall. He falls a few thousand feet, AND WALKS AWAY ALMOST UNHARMED!. That almost ruined the book but this ruined the book. After Robert leaves the hospital, the camcorder still works, and it confesses the whole evil plot. Like I said, great book, till the end.
 After reading DaVinci Code I rushed to Amazon.com to find other books by Dan Brown. This time I bought the e-book with Adobe Reader so I could have the book both at my laptop and as well in my Palmtop. Great reading, fast paced, instructive, deserves the title "braincandy". It is also interesting to search the Internet and find the real existence of the mentioned organizations. My best experience since "The Name of the Rose".
 While not as successful as "The Da Vinci Code," "Angels and Demons" is just as suspenseful and fast paced. The prequel to the massively popular "The Da Vinci Code" introduces readers to Robert Langdon as he tries to track down an antimatter device that could destroy all of Vatican City. It's a fast paced chase through Vatican City as Langdon tries to stop the device. Having the opportunity to visit Vatican City this past summer, knowing a majority of the locations mentioned in the book allowed me to enjoy reading it that much more. Overall, I would recommend this book to those looking to enjoy a thriller set in a real world environment.
 As described. Good product. No complaints.
 Well crafted with an easy plot line to follow. You know how its going to end, but then Dan Brown flips the whole thing over for a surprise ending!  Just buy it and enjoy!!!!
 I found this book very enjoyable. Yes you must suspend your disbelief at certain parts, but it is a great read. Brown keeps you so involved in the plot that you can't wait for the next act. There are times when the intelligence of the characters are incredible and other times when you want to scream at them the answers, because they are so obvious, but considering the circumstances, that is not so far fetched. I found it very entertaining and could not wait to move on to the Da Vinci Code.
 If you liked The Da Vinci Code, you will love this book.  After reading this book, I was hooked on Dan Brown and read all his books.  The Catholic church was pulled into this book and the Vatican scenes were very well done.  Again, the research is very complete.  If you are a Catholic, you have probably been told not to read this book, but if you love a great novel, I recommend this book.
 What made this book so good was the constant thrill and mystery. Each of the one-hundred and thirty-nine chapters was exhilarating. Once I picked up the book, I couldn't put it down. The book was also very detailed and taught me a lot about religion and its history. I previously read the The Da Vinci Code which was also by Dan Brown, and I must say, it was equally as good, if not, better. Dan Brown is one of my favorite authors and I hope I can read some of his other books.
 I Waited MaNy Years After Completing The DaVinci Code Before Reading Angels And Demons. The descriptions Are Too Detailed In Some PartsWhich Resulted In Me Skimming Instead Of Close Reading Them.  I Saw The Movie Version.  The Book Is So Much Better.
 Dan Brown has me hooked!! He would not be able to write books fast enough to keep me happy!<br/>Angels and Demons is a terrific read. The historical information is fascinating. If you liked the DaVinci Code, you'll love Angels and Demons. It is not as predictable as the DaVinci Code and Dan has given more detail and thought to the plot and how he builds the story and its characters. I loved it.
 Like Da Vinci this book was hard to put down.  Unfortunately life keeps me from reading as much as I would like, but when I had time I was glad to have this wonderful book.  Although I was able to see some of mysteries before they were reveled it was hard to guess them all.  An excellent book... more spellbinding then Da Vinci and an excellent read!  I was sad when I finished the book... I cried because it was excellent and I didn't have another Dan Brown book on standby.
 A really good book, i just couldn't put it down. It shares the same theme with The Da Vinci Code (religion) and it's  main character (Robert Langdon), among other things. I recommend to read Angels and Demons first, it might be shadowed by the Code's success, but it's just as good. Dan Brown knows how to plot a story around such a critical subject like religion.
 I just read this great fast-paced novel at the Weekend.<br/><br/>It contains the essential plot elements that not only guarantee a riveting read but also jogs your mind into questioning mode, teaching some very interesting relevant facts that explode religio/urban myth.<br/><br/>You are of course free to go off and explore/verify these in your own time.<br/><br/>For this reason, Christians etc. will loathe 'Angels and Demons' for exposing the fallacy of their beliefs in the context of our modern scientific World..... if you read between the lines.<br/><br/>Certainly an important cog in changing this superstitious World for the better.
 Horrible writing, horrible plot, two dimensional characters and so many inaccurate facts on Rome, I wonder if Dan Brown took the trouble to visit it. Not a single soul on the Piazza Navona?? Very unlikely. Climbing La Fontana dei Fiumi to the platform on which the obelisk stands and admiring the magnificant view of Rome?? Admiring the second story windows of the buildings that surround it on all four sides is more like it. The "roaring" river Tiber drowning out the sound of our hero's voice?? haha. The "hidden" passage from Castel Sant Angelo to the Vatican??? The passage is in plain side most of the way and mentioned on every tourist map available. This is just plain horrible (and I have not even made it as far as the helicopter episode!).
 I read Angels and Demons a year ago. I just finished Da Vinci Code recently because of the movie hype. I felt like I was getting a history lesson from the Da Vinci Code. BUT I was entertained page after page from Angels and Demons. The Da Vinci Code's claims and references of the Sangreal and the Priory of Sion with the fictional plot did not mix as well as the Illuminati and the treasure hunt to save the Pope candidates in Angels and Demons. Plus, I learned more about art history and the Vatican. I do feel that those who read the Da Vinci Code first did a disservice to themselves because Dan Brown did not correlate the history involving the Da Vinci history with the fiction as well as the Illuminati-Catholic Church rivalry with the Angels and Demons plot. Dan Brown's writing is better displayed in Angels and Demons because he had more freedom to entertain the reader page after page because of the hunt for the Pope candidates. I dont think he had that oppurtunity with the Da Vinci Code because the history and arifacts are not as available for the story line. The Da Vinci Code became so popular due to its alternate theory claim of Christian and Jesus Christ history which is good by itself. Honestly, an Angels and Demons movie would have more action!
 this is the first book that I bought for my Amazon Kindle knowing how Dan Brown writes.  this book has all the classic twists you would expect and is fantastic to read.  Just like the rest of his books, I devoure this one in just a week and a half.  If you need a great first book then this is the one.,
 I haven't read a book this good in a long time. Dan Brown keeps you at the edge of your seat the entire time. It was very difficult to put the book down. The historical references are really cool as are the twist and turns that keep you wondering what will happen next. Anther major plus to the book is that Brown ties together all loose ends giving a very satisfying feeling at the end of the reading.
 If you loved the Da Vinci Code, you will feel the same about Angels &amp; Demons.<br/><br/>As to which one is better, is an argument of splitting hairs.  It is ripe with suspense and it will definitely keep you turning the pages. Whether you're religious or not, you'll appreciate the calamity of doctrine so eloquently written.
 It's been a long time since I've seen the movie, and it seems like the movie didn't do the book justice. I found this novel as enjoyable as The DiVinci Code, and couldn't put it down. After reading it, I want to re-rent the movie just to see how good the adaptation was.
 This is the kind of novel which should only be read on a dare.  It is poorly written at almost all levels.  The plot is ridiculous, with characters who are supposed to make mensa look like a room full of morons but can't make the most obvious deductions even when directly related to their field.  The author seems to be manipulative, creating unbelievable actions in order to simply maintain or acheive some plot device.  Worst of all for me is the overbearing anti-catholic ignorance and preaching.  It would seem that Mr. Brown doesn't have any public libraries near him.  His mistakes in this area are so unbelievable that I will not try to list them.  It would seem that this book was conceived as some sort of soapbox in which he could preach about how the Church needs to change.  Unfortunately, we cannot even take this seriously, as his knowledge on the Catholic Church is so poor that he is preaching against a fiction.  Silly plot, unbelievable characters, overbearingly biased and preachy narrative voice.  All in all, a very poor book.
 This, along with The da Vinci Code, is one of my new favorite books.  It follows Robert Langdon on the trail of a killer and a madman threatening to use a deadly weapon to blow up Vatican City.  Dan Brown is an amazing suspense/thriller/mystery author and I'm looking forward to The Solomon Key.  While I'm not sure when that'll be coming out, I'm looking forward to the da Vinci Code movie (starring Tom Hanks) and I'm planning on reading more of Brown's books.<br/><br/>This book is highly recommended.  If you've read The da Vinci Code, you may find yourself enjoying this one even more (I still can't decide which I prefered).  If you HAVEN'T read The da Vinci Code, READ BOTH!
 For anyone with a love for art and thrillers, this is the deffinite book.  Dan Brown is amazing!  This book keeps you chasing page after page along with the characters to see how it unfolds.  Robert Langdon is quick and intelligent.  The plot is unique and breathtaking.  The Illuminati is a brotherhood you'll never forget.
 If you are coming to this book after reading "The DaVinci Code",<br/><br/>you will be disappointed.  I liked "The DaVinci Code", thought is was a great read, though simplistic, writing style.<br/><br/>Angels and Demons, however was disappointing.  I would probably have the opposite opinion if I read it first.  These two books are basically the same.<br/><br/>"Angels and Demons" is a template for "The DaVinci Code."  If you like authors that don't stray from one type of story line, Dan Brown is the guy for you. These books are so similar, that you could  cut and paste from one to the other, and would not hurt either plot.<br/><br/>Read one or the other, don't waste your time on both.
 This book is so awesome. a thirller from the very begining! a masterpeice that you can't put down. would recomend to any reader. will suck you in by the turn of the first page.
 This book blew me away!!!  I read this book before I read The Da Vinci Code and I must say that I was disappointed in The Da Vinci Code.  Angels and Demons is much more exciting and informative.  I like how Dan Brown teaches you history, symbology and science and you aren't bored with it.  Anybody interested in secret societies and religious history will devour this book.  The only problem with this book is that I had a hard time putting it down.  Brown's stories are furiously paced and almost every chapter has a cliff hanger-like ending.  If you liked The Da Vinci Code you will love Angels and Demons.
 Give me a break! I was expecting a well-written and somewhat believable novel; instead, I felt like I was trapped in an all-too-predictable soap opera. Dan Brown is a crappy writer and persuaded me, via "Angels and Demons," to steer clear of "The Da Vinci Code."<br/><br/>I admit, I was frightened at first by the hype surrounding the novels, but I foolishly ignored my instinct. Don't make the same mistake I did! As Oscar Wilde said, "Popularity is the crown of laurel which the world puts on bad art."
 Picked-up this book at an airport news stand and read 250 pages on my flight.  Came home, read another 150 pages that same day.  If you're looking for an entertaining book, this is a good one.  Scientific explanations are too basic but the flow, pace and story are enjoyable.  Save this book for a long flight or for the beach.
 I loved the book, as it's a great read. I read it cover to cover in less than 24 hrs!
 I loved the book, as it's a great read. I read it cover to cover in less than 24 hrs!
 Not being a big fan of suspense litterature, I had my doubts when one of my clients suggested "Angels &amp; Demons" as a great read...but seeing his enthusiasm for the book, I started reading it the same evening...and finished it 2 days later! Just amazing! I don't know what I was expecting, but I certainly was not expecting such a "chef-d'oeuvre" like this one. Dan Brown is certainly an author to be discovered, his books to be read with careful attention.<br/>Enjoy!
 This book was riveting.It is a must read if you have visited Rome.It is more exciting than the related movie.
 Of all of Dan Browns' works, I found this one to be the best, most riveting, and most suspenseful of all his books; much better than Da Vinci Code. I'm thrilled to see that this one is also being made into a movie; I wanted to re-read this book prior to that; this is why I purchased it now.
 Dan Brown is a terrific author and I can't wait for more of his novels.  I have read everything he's written and loved each one more than the last.
 Angels and Demons is a blasphemous story in which a scandal within the Catholic Church takes many lives. It first starts with a phone call to Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor in symbology, from science organization CERN's director, Kohler, about the murder of scientist and priest Leonardo Vetra. After Langdon arrives at CERN's headquarters and meets Leonardo's daughter, Vittoria Vetra, it is revealed that the victim had just discovered anti matter and created matter out of nothingness, therefore simulating the creation of the universe and, for Leonardo, proving the existence of God. Unfortunately, antimatter is destructive outside of a certain container whose battery runs out in 24 hours without the charger. A gram's worth of specimen was missing (enough to destroy the Vatican#. Given that Leonardo Vetra's chest had been branded with the word Illuminati #the name of a secret scientific society who had historically worked against the Catholic Church#; Langdon and Vittoria realize that the specimen could be in the Vatican. Meanwhile, the Vatican finds out that a security camera is missing and the only image coming from that camera is of the missing canister with a countdown set to end at midnight. Traveling to the Vatican during conclave #the election of a new pope), Langdon and Vittoria get caught up into the disappearance of the four cardinals that were preferred to become pope, along with the search for the antimatter which was located somewhere in the Vatican. It is a race against time to catch and stop the Illuminati, before the Illuminati kills them.<br/><br/>This book is rather complex, but it is a thriller and will keep you wanting to turn the page to find out what happens next. Therefore, I do recommend it as a good read.<br/><br/>If you are Catholic, I advise you take caution in reading this book. As a Catholic, this book did offend me in many parts.<br/><br/>Also, if you plan to watch the movie, watch the movie before reading the book because otherwise you'll spend the entire time looking for differences between it and the book instead of enjoying it.<br/><br/>This book is definitely not for anyone under 16 years of age. First, it is too long and complicated for anyone younger than that. Second, there inapproprate adult scenes in the story.
 I read this first before "the Da Vinci code". and I'm glad I did. I enjoyed this book even more than "code" because it has even more twists. I was impressed by the facts given and the way it kept me interested about something that usually doesn't interest me.<br/>I put this in my favorite book section, and reading this book has piqued my interest in a whole new genre of books. excellent work.
 I got about 1/4 of the way through and stopped. The amazement that the Illuminati should still exist baffled me. The characters were childishly protrayed as was the physics. I hated the very short chapters. It made the prose choppy and distracting. I guess in the days of MTV and the quick cut one might expect that an author might try it, catering to the miniscule attention span. The story reminded me of the Fu Manchu novels but those novels were better written.
 I felt that Angels and Demons was better than the well loved Da VInci Code.  I personally was not over entusiastic to read either untill a friend pounded me into reading it and then I  could not put it down.  I definetly encourage everyone to read this.
 I would like to thank Dan Brown for such an outstanding novel. The only bad thing about this thriller is the fact that I'll have to read a lot more books to find one thats even near as entertaining and riveting as this one. The research was exceptional. The secrets that lie in wait for the reader will amaze you. The history and life in the Vatican, the story of the Illuminati, the science and research in physics, Galileo. These are just some of the things you'll learn about while on this rollercoaster ride of a book.<br/>A true 5 Star if ever there was one....<br/>Also recommended "Angels and Demons", "The Notebook",He Never Called Again."
 I had just recently heard about the Illuminati in a computer game that I've played, and I had become really interested in it ever since.  I had searched around for something, a book at least, which pertained to that secret society, and nothing caught my eye like Angels and Demons did.  By writing this book, Dan Brown has proved to the world that he is a genious.  With such knowledge about everything that he covers in his book (from ambigrams, to anitmatter, to the Illuminati), it really makes you wonder whether Mr. Brown is an Illuminatus.  :)
 This book should be read before the Da Vinci code.  In my opinion it was better than the more famous sequel.  I hope they make this into a movie.  I am currently reading the Deception Point and I am unable to put it down (for very long) I just started it tonight and I'm about halfway through the book!
 This was a fairly well written book that was hard to put down - a fair number of twists and turns and a good logical progression of events.  The tie in to actual places and history made it seem all the more real.  Good job!
 When I read Da Vinci Code, I only read it because of the big hype that was going on...so I never read any of Dan Brown's books. Once I finished Da Vinci Code, i had to try Angels &amp; Demons for two reasons: One, the tittle seems cool, and last, I liked what I read the inside of the cover to see what's was all about. And since I loved the Davinci code, I had to try this one.<br/><br/>IT WAS WELL WORTH IT! THis is an exciting book to read..its a bit more longer than Da VInci, but believe me, this book will keep you hooked! I wont explain whats it about, you can do that on your own, but hopefully this kinda convinces you to read it. You wont be disapointed..so much history, and the scary thing about it, the Illuminati is fact, and still may be around today..
