 PROS:<br/>• Great value for pack, much cheaper than in-stores<br/>• Does not emit any odor or leave any residue on hands (powder-free), even when hands are sweaty<br/>• Can be used for any tasks ranging from house chores to handling food<br/>• Medium-sized (ordered) fit just right for small hands<br/>• Good quality and has not torn once when placed on and taken off hands unlike mentioned by other reviewers<br/>• Material is flexible enough to easily put on and take off<br/>• Material does not irritate under long and sweaty usage (for those with sensitive skin)<br/>• Fits snugly in hands and does not easily slide, yet is non-restrictive<br/><br/>CONS:<br/>• None so far
 Prior to purchasing these gloves, I, a devoted amazon customer and free range American, wanted to find the perfect protective gloves for my weekly hair tonic treatments. Although this may seem mundane to those who have not experienced the magic of latex exam gloves medium size before, you, inexperienced buyer will soon be faced with the most ecstasy you have ever experienced in buying household\ sanitary products. These beauties have a satisfying, irresistible snap to them as you pull them gently onto your delicate fingers and dainty wrists. It will remind you of your afternoon doctors exams, except this one you’re really looking forward to. They are smooth yet sticky in just the perfect balance and they, quite literally, fit like a glove. I highly encourage you ro subscribe even, to these wonderful latex masterpieces. Nothing gives me more satisfaction or pleasure, ah, than snapping these lovelies on a Saturday afternoon when I’m looking for something exciting. I want to share this magic with you, with the world. Join me, as we embark on the wonderful latex medium sized journey together.<br/>I’ve got my box, do you have yours?
 I'm very pleased with these gloves. They're fairly thick and for the cost, they are a great bargain. You will definitely be able to reuse them, if that's something that you're looking for. Normally, I'm able to wear a pair about 3-5 times.  Mostly I use them for household cleaning jobs and with indoor gardening. So far, I've used 1/2 of the box and only one glove has torn, but I had already worn it 3-4 times (and was doing some vigorous scrubbing).<br/><br/>They are much thicker and stronger than the gloves I've used in medical facilities and in the hospitals I've worked at (which doesn't say much for these places, considering we work with bodily fluids).<br/><br/>The picture shows how a medium glove fits on my hand...no photo yet, that option from Amazon isn't allowing it to load. I will update asap.<br/><br/>Here are some measurements so you can gauge how it might fit your hand and what size to buy.<br/>*I have larger hands and the gloves are still a bit big.<br/>*My index finger measures 3 inches. There is about 1/2" extra at the fingertips of the glove, and I'm sure it will stretch a little bit, if need be.<br/>*Measuring across my palm, right below my fingers is about 3-1/2 inches.<br/>*I measured across my palm again, beginning right above where my thumb starts going straight over to the opposite side.  It was also about 3-1/2 inches.<br/>*Finally, you might probably see that the glove is quite loose around my wrist. If you're needing this area to be snug, I'd consider another glove.<br/><br/>Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase. This box of gloves is  priced very well... the best I've seen here on amazon and in my local stores. I will keep on ordering these for my household needs.
 This is an honest review of this item, which I purchased full price on Amazon.com:<br/><br/>Need gloves? Just buy these! Toughest gloves I have ever used for their thickness! I will probably never use a different brand!<br/><br/>I use these for basically everything, medical, house hold chores, automotive maintenance, they are the ticket!
 Super thin and they break really easily. One out of every three gloves broke when I tried to put it on. Terrible quality. They are thinner than the majority of nitrile gloves I've tried, so they may be good for things that require more sensitivity on your fingers. I use these for eczema treatments so I need much thicker gloves that don't break when I'm wearing them around the house and doing chores. Would not buy again.
 The gloves arrived promptly and very well packaged!<br/><br/>They  are amazingly useful to take care of my mother, who hast extremely limited mobility, is totally bedridden, so all her body cleaning and care has to be done on top of the her bed.<br/><br/>Three other persons and I use these gloves to bath her, to change her adult soiled diapers, apply any kind of cream or medication on her body's skin,  and  to wash her hair, among others.<br/><br/>This gloves are not permeable but are very comfortable. And I say they are not permeable because we even color her hair without staining our hands!!!!!<br/><br/>I bought them in size M and they fit perfectly the four of us, her caregivers!<br/><br/>Will definitely continue buying this items, preferably from the same seller!<br/><br/>Overall, great experience !!!!!!!!
 (Posting as Tara): I use these gloves for cleaning around the house, and to prevent my hands from drying and cracking from over-washing them.  I hate using the rubber dish cleaning gloves because they tend to stink after a few uses, and they're so heavy on my small hands- plus they're not cheap if you replace them every so often.  These gloves are durable for every day house chores, nothing crazy.  It doesn't hurt that I look like a total boss surgeon while wearing these.  After a couple uses, I toss 'em, and I'm onto the next pair.
 I clean homes for a living and therefore use a lot of nitrile gloves... these however were just so so... never in my business have I experienced so many holes come so easily in this kind of glove. Some even had tiny, pin prick size holes in them. Not great for trying to protect yourself from yucky things.
 Excellent quality and durable gloves every time I order these! I use them for cleaning and for tending to my pet guinea pigs when they need medicine, etc. Some nitrile gloves leave a weird smell on your hands afterwards, but not these! They do a great job.<br/><br/>Update: they still have the same great quality gloves. I have been ordering from them several times in a row now and never had trouble with any of them.
 These are one of the best gloves ive used. I mostly use it for cooking, such as handling meat, mixing marinates, etc. No rips. Got a medium and it fits perfectly. Very snug, which is great because it doesnt move around and theres no need for readjusting. Nice thick material. A bit long which is great because it covers a bit of the wrist. And most importantly no weird powder in the inside. Buy your TRUE size. Dont go bigger or smaller because its true to its size.
 I waited until I used more than half of the box ( for household, garden and farm animal use) before I judged them. They just aren't tough at all. The finger tips bust open far too easily with even light use. It could be a bad box, I hope so. Nitrile gloves I've purloined from exam rooms in the past held up far better than these posers. Thats why I shopped around for these, hoping they would be as good as the professional ones ( and so I could stop taking them whenever I was alone in an exam room!)<br/>I'm going back to the  tougher, more expensive black hair-stylist gloves sold in beauty supply stores.
 I got the medium size in these gloves and they fit me fine.  My wrist is 6 in around. I usually can't find a glove that fits this well.  They are thick enough so that my fingers don't poke through the material yet thin enough so they don't feel heavy or bulky.  I use these gloves for changing my husbands bandages on his legs.  I also use them for handling mouse traps- (yes we have that problem)  and for doing dishes.  They hold up well enough to do the job I need to do.  The price makes them affordable for me so I don't mind throwing them away after one use.
 Amazon, I don't want to receive requests to review products if I can't just give them a star rating without a headline and review.  It's just rude.  I bought the product and haven't returned it, you ask if I liked it and sometimes it's something simple like nitrile gloves.  What am I supposed to say?  They're gloves and when I use them to clean up dog accidents, I don't get poop on my hands.  If you're going to pester me to validate the sale, don't make me write anything, because I am inclined to do this.  Is this the review you were wanting?  Of course not.  If I can complete the review with just my mouse fine, if I have to write a headline and a paragraph (use my keyboard), just don't send me a review request.  They're gloves!!!  They gloved my hands, nothing to 'review'.  If they split when I use them, then I'll be sure to let you know, but if they perform as expected, then they performed as expected.
 These gloves are perfect for my husband's medical needs. They work great and have held up really well to everything they have been put through. Which is quite a lot, by the way.
 allergic to latex?  use these!  there are some things you don't want to or shouldn't touch.  use these, especially if you have a latex allergy.  need to reach into the toilet for the earring you dropped?  this will work lol.  cleaners or paints or other things you shouldn't let touch your skin can be used with confidence wearing these gloves.
 Great gloves. Haven’t had any trouble with breakage or tears. I use it for hair dye and cleaning, so I need a steady barrier. Better than the previous gloves I’ve tried from amazon (that were blue with a man on the box). Also it’s a good value! And it fits my small hands well without being too small.<br/><br/>Will buy again.
 These gloves are absolutely perfect! For starters they are 100% powder free! Just as the product states. This is great👍🏼 especially if you are someone who has allergies to the powder most rubber gloves have.<br/>They DONT tear which of course is another plus👌🏼😊 especially if you are wanting to make sure you dont get anything on your hands.<br/>I needed to get a good box of affordable rubber gloves quick to keep my hands free of bacteria as I have been fighting off a bad staph infection on my head and arms for over a month now and these gloves have been a life saver! They work great in the shower too for wearing when washing my hair so that I am not transfering any bacteria from my head to my hands elsewhere.<br/>I highly recommend this product for sure
 My whole team has issues with these tearing both when you put them on and when they are on and we are handling glass wear etc. We do not do anything rough with them. Unfortunately, I won't be ordering these again due to the tearing/thinness issue.
 I use lye to make soap (which is very dangerous) these gloves only cover my hands. They are short so my wrist aren’t covered at all. Now my situation is not the same as most people. But even if you are using them for cleaning or gardening or liquid, they will get the product in them because they are not safe and do not cover well. I usually won’t write a bad review, but this was a safety issue. (Picture shows them covering your wrist, but they really don’t)
 I am dealing with a rash on my hands that just will not clear up. My physician recommended I use Aquaphor and cotton gloves at night to create a barrier between the environment and my hands. But the cotton gloves were too rough against my already raw skin. So I have tried these nitrile gloves. A bit tricky to put on when one's hands are "all greased up", but they work very well. This vendor sent a box of 100 gloves, a good value. They arrived on time. And the quality has proved to be good for me--no tears now matter how I have to pull on them to get them on.
 I worked at a biotech company for over 25 years and nitrile powerless was always my glove of choice.  Now that I am retired, I miss having them, these gloves are excellent in that there is just the right amount of powder in gloves, they run true to size - a medium is about 7.5-8 and the grip wearing them is great.  I have tried a lot of brands at work and I highly recommend this brand.  Even though I am retired, I miss the days on the bench.  These gloves remind me as they are such good quality and an excellent price.  I remember we were paying about the same from the big med houses VWR etc.  these are excellent for any at home solvent projects, ie changing oil etc.
 Very thin and not very big for medium so do not go by the reviews. I have small hands and they are not tight but truly not much wiggle room and they are shorter than expected. I would not buy again.
 I use these gloves when I clean the house or do something under the car hood so my hands don't come in contact with harmful chemicals or get dirty. (I used to use vinyl gloves, and they left a scent on my hands which was strong enough that it necessitated me washing my hands, which I'd been trying to avoid by wearing the gloves.) These also fit closer to the skin than vinyl gloves, so there's less accidental contact with anything you're working with.
 Many of the gloves developed holes in them VERY quickly during use.  Some of them had holes, right out of the box.  I cannot recommend these gloves--VERY poor quality.
 I buy these for my caregivers to protect them. I keep different sizes for different people. The appropriate gloves fit appropriately. They are thin but have not ripped. My caregivers go through a lot of them in caring out the multiple tasks for me. I can get a glove on my right hand without difficulty. I have a partially paralyzed left hand and struggle to get it on that hand. Price matches other suppliers. Delivered by or earlier than the time specified.
 These gloves are just right, very comfortable, and I feel like I still have dexterity with my fingers.  I use them in my first aid kit and also with my pets when I need to.  I bought a large box and highly recommend them if you are looking for a quality latex free glove.
 A customer for life!  I LOVE these gloves!  They are easy to wear, strong enough to protect my hands from cleaning products in the house, comfortable and thin enough to wear while making dinner.  Now that I’m retired, I do things around the house that the cleaning lady used to do but I still want my hands to feel smooth and my manicure to stay nice.  Thanks to these gloves, they do.  (These are also great protection against germs!)
 I ordered the gloves to protect a small cut on my ring finger which was having difficulty healing.  I didn't want to keep a bandage on all the time, so decided to try wearing a glove when using cleaning products, etc., to keep from irritating the spot.  The gloves have been perfect.  They slip on easily, are almost like a second skin, and they're actually quite pretty.  I love the color.  The cut is now doing just fine.
 these things reek of chemicals, my wife is chemically sensitive and allergic to latex these are not like the gloves I bought from her MD they reek of chemicals and fall apart not good
 These Exam Gloves are Great.  They fit great, (I bought the Medium.)  They give you great control when holding things and working with tools.  They go on easy.  They are thin, but strong enough to protect your hands from what ever you're working on.  They protect your hands from germs, dirt, glue, paint, or whatever your are getting your hands into.  Overall, I am very happy with these gloves.
 I use gloves around the house for a variety of tasks, but primarily in the kitchen for food prep (raw meat and poultry, hot peppers, onions, etc.). These are okay most of the time, but have split for no apparent reason on several occasions. I continued to use them for kitchen tasks but I wouldn't be comfortable relying on them as a barrier against possible exposure to infectious pathogens.
 Perfect fit, a bit longer, then the standard nitrile gloves I am used to purchasing. They do not tear as many other brands do when you are using them some what aggressively. I’ve been in business for 15 years, these are the best disposable for the best price and quality in the length of my career.
 I bought these gloves because we deal with food. It's very durable and works best for us rather than the gloves that the store sells. These are perfect! Leaves no powder residue anywhere, food doesn't get inside - because the gloves are tightly fitted, quality is awesome and sizes are true! They're Perfect!! Product received quickly and not damaged. Will definitely continue to order more as needed. THANK YOU!
 These are great gloves.  There is no terrible odor.  Just make sure you order the right size because these are very form-fitting as opposed to the vinyl kind of gloves which for me tend to have a little more give to them even in the same size.  I cannot stand having to wash my hands vigorously after using gloves to get the odor off only to still have an odor with some gloves.  These gloves don't make me have to do that.
 These gloves are of good quality for the money.  I use them for washing my hair so I’ll not weaken my nails and in the kitchen when handling raw meats.  I ordered Medium and since I like a more snug fit, I’ll order Small next time, since these allow a little water to enter and reach my nails.  They came quickly, and I’m pleased with my purchase.  Great buy!
 They work well and fit as advertised.  Use for working on insides of iPads, phones, cooking, using superglue, painting....<br/><br/>I purchased some at Costco a few years back.  The gloves died before I could use them all.  Better to buy the quantity you need than too many and have waste away in the box (fall apart).
 I bought these disposable gloves for use while I'm doing maintenance on my road bike, since I do 99% of the work in my home shop.  I have not used them since I bought them as I'm still using the gloves these will replace.<br/><br/>That said, I'm very glad I discovered using these thin gloves.  No more grease on my hands and under my finger nails ;-)
 I bought these for cleaning and I'm pleased. The big yellow ones, I always seem to get water down to my fingers...gross. I'm very pleased with the quality and thickness of the gloves. No holes in fingers when I clean, durable.
 These seem strong, no tears yet, hold up well when pulling onto my “just fits” hand, and good tactile feedback.  I use them mostly when handling bad liquids such as fertilizers, paints, cleaners.
 These are pretty standard nitrile gloves. I use them for my daughters medical care and for food prep. In the past, i have used gloves purchased at sam's club and from the hospital. These are slightly thinner than those I've purchased from Sam's, but not in a way that makes them more likely to tear. Overall, I'm pleased with them and would consider purchasing them again. The box was slightly smushed, but not in a way that affected the contents and may have just been from rough handling during packing. i have only had one glove that has come out of the box torn, but i have had the same with other brands.
 The quality seems pretty good. It is a thin glove so you can't do any heavy work with it. But for a cheap disposable exam glove it seems adequate and the price is quite good. I ordered 200, then reordered 1000. I use them daily.
 I bought these gloves for cleaning around the house and for my husband when he is cleaning our motorhome. They hold up well and are comfortable. I am always finding them to be helpful for many uses around the house.
 It's so hard to find powder-free exam gloves at the drugstore in a convenient quantity for a reasonable price.  Often impossible.  I'm so glad that I ordered these...I just keep them coming!  I was worried that size M would be too big, as I usually buy a S in this type of thing, but the M is a perfect fit!  Highly recommend.
 Best gloves around.  Mix up meat, clean up dog messes, and carry them in the car to put on when I pump gas.  I use these for all sorts of things.  I make sure I never run out.
 I’ve been purchasing these same MedPride Powder-Free Nitrile Exam gloves size Medium for years. I ordered several boxes recently. I opened one this week. The box says latex-free but they smell like latex. They also fit like a small. I have not opened all the other boxes yet. I am very disappointed.
 Good product. Beautiful color, competitive price. Only downside: the gloves are much thinner than similar gloves I saw and tried on in hospitals and rehabs. I use them on a daily basis to nurse my disabled daughter’s pressure wounds. The gloves broke a few times while pulling them on and they are my size.
 These fall apart easily. Don't wear them for rough work.  They are just adequate for cleaning around the house.  I couldn't use them for any outside work without them falling apart.
 These gloves are exactly what I was looking for.  They arrived in a timely fashion and were packaged well.  In addition, they fit well, and work perfectly for me.  I am not in a medical field.  Instead, I am an avid crafter.  These gloves work well for me whenever I need to protect my hands from glue, paint, stain, or whatever.  I will definitely be purchasing them again.
 I purchased these gloves because my 19 year old cat needs transdermal medication applied to the inside of his ear. The medicine cannot touch my skin, so naturally, I have to use gloves. I like that these gloves are latex free, because I have a sensitivity to latex which causes my skin to become irritated. These gloves are soft and fit well. I prefer them to the gloves I previously purchased from the pharmacy. They arrived on time and I could not be happier about that because I ran out of my other gloves the same day they arrived. I will definitely be buying them again.
 These gloves are an excellent addition to my kitchen.  I use them when dealing with any number of food items I use every day.  They’re a lot better than what I would consider “throw-away” gloves, though.  I believe they would last for a little while if used multiple times.  Great investment for the price.
 This product is very defective . The gloves broke on my wife small hands. Some of the gloves were ripped inside the box. I do not recommend.
 I got this when I developed neuropathy from my chemo. These are heavier and thicker then most cheap gloves. These are worth it. I use them for everything. It keeps my hands and wrists dry. And there's things especially when you're on chemo that you need gloves for. These are perfect. I highly recommend.
 They were just fine.  Nice fit.  In case anyone wants to reuse, I read that all you have to do is lift up the edge at the wrist and blow into the gloves.  Makes it easy to pull them off.
 I love to use these gloves for most household jobs ie. cooking, baking, cleaning etc.  lined with a thin cotton glove, these gloves really save your hands and your manicure.  Just wish they would hold up as well as they used to.  Theses gloves seem much thinner and far less durable, so I go through them a lot faster.
 This brand of gloves are not sturdy in any way.  When removing them from my hand, parts of the glove snap off ripping the glove.  If I were using the for medical purposes, they would be in the trash, I will now have to go to town and find better gloves.  Screw these.
 These are exactly what I needed to work with my orchids. Regular gardening gloves are far too bulky. They work perfectly and I will probably be re-ordering them from this same vendor when I run out of these. Great product from a prompt, attentive vendor. 5 Stars.
 These are average quality so I cannot complain because of the price I paid for them.  I would say they are a little snug for a medium.  I can fit medium gloves any brand with a them being slightly loose, but these nitrile gloves are a bit snug so I have to be careful I do not tear them while I put them on.  I would say they fit more like a S/M instead of a regular medium.
 Nitrile free gloves that are just fine. (They come out quite wrinkled, but just blowing into the glove.) Some of these kinds of gloves are quite tender and seem to tear easily, but these are relatively rugged.
 I really like the gloves. I have been using this product consistently for about the past year. I like the material and use it for everything. From cleaning the house to cooking and washing dishes. Its less permeable than latex to me. It is pricey for the amount of gloves.
 these gloves smell horrible
 Live these gloves. Ordered a second box when my first order was just about to run out.<br/>Useful for filleting fish, cleaning lobster, cleaning greasy wheels, cleaning oily bike chains, etc.<br/>super durable and my now go-to glove.
 These gloves are perfect with a perfect tight fit.  I use these for a multitude of things like cleaning/preparing chicken and other food items to cleaning house (such as cleaning a commode, etc), general places where you would rather not put your bare hands.
 I have looked for nitrile gloves elsewhere &amp; found them to be either more expensive or of poorer quality.  These are for "home use" only so don't know how they would hold up in medical practices but good for applying ointments or lotions you don't want on your hands - such as Tiger Balm, anti-itch creams, anti-inflammatories.
 I have an infection that I have to clean and dress every day one to two times. I have to be carefull not to spread it .  I have been using these gloves for quite a while and are very pleased with them and being able to get them from Amazon has really made it easy.
 I have finally found the best gloves for a reasonable price. Not only are they comfortable, you won't be poking a hole through them as you are putting them on. It's hard to find sturdy disposable gloves at a reasonable price. Try them.  You won't be disappointed.
 Wearing these for lab class working with tissue, xylene, and hot paraffin wax. These gloves hold up great! I feel like I have a small hand but have to get the medium size, which is a little too long on my fingers but I make do.
 Glove were great.  I bought these for my 10 year old cousin for when he is helping us process venison. We just made 175 lbs of brats last weekend and I don't believe he had a single issue with the gloves.  I will buy these the next time we need XL's. Shipping was prompt.
 These gloves are amazing. They are pretty durable.  No rubber or plastic like smell. I will buy them again.
 I love the convenience of being able to order these gloves online instead running to the store to get them. These gloves are of good quality. I am a caregiver to my sister who has down syndrome and has a tracheotomy tube. Her medical insurance does not cover the cost of gloves but your product is very affordable.  I do all her medical and personal care so I go through gloves quickly. I will continue to order your product on a monthly basis.<br/><br/>Thank You,<br/>S. Johnson<br/>Fayetteville, NC
 I use plastic gloves for everything. I bought two kinds and I love this one and hate the other. I use them for painting (a little paint and the fingers do not stick together, important). They are tough for gardening and cleanup, while feeling nice and are never sticky. I am making a note to reorder this one in future.
 These gloves smell a little weird, but they work great! I didn’t have any issues with them ripping easily as a couple of people have reported. I primarily used them for cooking and cleaning and they held up well.
 They arrived as expected. The medium size was pretty accurate. We use them daily for bird feeder protection and daily chores, quite durable too. It is a lot easier for us than running out to the store. Very pleased with the product. I do have a question however, do these nitrile gloves have any protection from UV-C Light?<br/>Thank you
 I really like these exam gloves, although I do not use them in the medical field.  Most gloves that I use will rip when trying to get them on my hands, but these gloves do not rip before getting a chance to use them.  I will definitely buy these again when I run out.
 Very disappointed
 Nothing fancy.  It works well in keeping your hand clean from dirt and dust while cleaning around house.  I also use it when I am touching object that I don't want to leave fingerprint smudge around it.
 I am an artist and use the nitrile gloves when painting in oils to protect myself from toxic mediums and solvents, also to just keep my hands clean.  In my experience, some nitrile gloves I have purchased at the hardware store don’t last for the three to six hour sessions that I work.  I take breaks and often those gloves come apart when I try to put them back on.  So far that has not been my experience with these gloves.  The other day I removed and put these back on several times without a problem.  I like their durability.
 Exactly what I wanted. I use them for everyday house cleaning. Very sturdy.<br/><br/>I ordered them again because they were the best quality for housework and washing dishes. I will order again once I start to get low
 Purchased these before but for some reason this box wasn’t so good. They rip extremely easily.
 These gloves are great. Very generous sizing. I usually have to order a large from other brands. For these gloves I can fit into a medium. I use them for cleaning and cooking. They hold up well, and the price can't be beat.
 These gloves work great for when I am painting. I only wish they were a little stronger. Sometimes the gloves will tear when trying to put them on. But otherwise they do their job. No strange smell and no skin irritation. I'm happy with them.
 These gloves fit well and worked well for their intended use. My infant had her tongue and lip ties laser corrected and I used these gloves to complete her mouth stretches. No issues, rips, etc.
 I originally purchased these gloves for medical use - specifically to wear when dressing a wound.  Now I use them when I am handling raw meat or chicken and even when I am polishing silver.  They are lightweight and feel like a second skin.  I really like this product very much.  These gloves have all kinds of uses.
 I do a lot of gardening and like to wear disposable gloves underneath my gardening gloves for extra protection.  These are great, cost effective, fit well under my gardening gloves and gives me a good supply to have on hand for myself and to share with others if I'm gardening with a group of folks.
 I love these gloves so far. I use these while doing restoration work and they are strong and I can ware them more than once. I like that they do not leave a dust or film (or funny smell) on my hands. I bought a different brand before and they didnt hold up like these did
 Ordered these to help in caregiving for an elderly relative.  These are strong and comfortable.  When ever we run out we always reorder from MedPride.  Good company making an excellent product.
 The gloves fit well and work well with a variety of cleaning fluids.
 I bought these because I like to clean my kitchen and bathroom with gloves. I don't like the bulky rubber gloves. These are perfect. Great quality. They don't rip easily like some brands. Worth the price.
 These are a really good quality and a great price. I use them for everything from cleaning out the litter box to clean out my dog's cage from touching meat and cleaning. Very durable
 We use these gloves as protection against conditions that are less than sanitary...and if needed for conditions/situations involving bodily fluids.<br/>They're perfect for both applications.<br/>The fit, price, and durability are exactly what we were looking for.<br/>We will reorder when the time comes.
 I bought these for the caregivers that take care of my husband.  They like having them and have had no complains.  Helps keep them healthy which in turn will keep my husband healthy.
 I am a licensed Aesthetician and these gloves are perfect for waxing, facials massage, etc. I love that they are powder free, and feel comfortable on my clients skin. I usually use vinyl gloves for a better slip and almost natural feel on their skin. For my clients, these nitrile gloves have a nice outside texture, and are thin enough to feel like I am not using gloves. For me, these gloves fit very very nicely, better than any vinyl gloves I have tried!
 I use these gloves to clean with because I don't like the regular bulky type of rubber gloves.  These gloves are sturdy enough to last through several cleaning sessions.  I don't have a problem with them tearing when I put them on.  Overall they do what I want them to.
 These gloves fit my hand, and it makes cleaning up after my pets so easy.<br/>I've used other gloves, but they didn't fit &amp; I either tore them putting them on, too big &amp; slipping off while I clean.
 I use these for cleaning houses (I clean rental houses at a ski resort). They shipped on time and I received them on time, they are study gloves that keep my hands from getting dirty/covered in germs, they're durable. I love them! I would definitely recommend and I will definitely buy again!
 These are great gloves for a great price.  We use them to protect our hands from all kinds of toxic things from pool chemicals to paint and just cleaning.  The medium fit my hands perfectly.
 I like the durability of these gloves.  My husband is disabled and I often have to dress bed sores so I use these gloves for that and some hygiene problems.  I had used another brand, but I wasn't as protected as I am by these gloves.  I will definitely purchase again.
 I use these gloves when I help my mother with toileting. Gliding into the gloves is fairly easy but they fit my hands snugly.  I like them for their good quality and nice color! I already ordered tow more boxes.
 I tried these gloves because the previous one's I used (not from this company) allowed moisture to seek through the glove to my hands. That was a concern because it was cleaning supplies. I just used these gloves for the first time cleaning last weekend and I had no moisture seep through. They were also comfortable to wear.
 Really poor quality in comparison to Kimberly Clark gloves. They’re super thin, so if you’re only going to use them for super, super light work, go for it. Otherwise, I wouldn’t recommend them.
 I order these every year during flu season. Keep them in my car anytime I have to go shopping. I have two littles at home and I’d rather get weird stares than ever get the flu again.
 We use these in our thrift shop. They are strong and durable and if you're careful not to get your wrists wet you can even wash any grime from them and continue using for several hours.
 Not in the medical field but use this in the kitchen, for woodworking hobby work.  My wife loves the fit and I enjoy the dexterity and quality of the gloves.  Super fast delivery, very well packaged. Deserves a full 5 ***** Star rating!
 The product arrived on time without any issue. The item is exactly as pictured and works well with uses around the home and in a lab setting. I would purchase this product again.
 My purple gloves are easy to put on quickly &amp; are a perfect thickness.  Will buy again.  I hate those thin ones &amp; these seem to give the same touch without shredding as you put them on your hands.
 Perfect fit and feel. More than adequate thickness (doesn’t tear easily, yet allows good feel for objects). I’ve been buying these for household use for over two years.
 I use them in the kitchen for food prep. They seem true to size and fit well. They are sturdy and I haven't had any rip while I was using them. I will buy them again when I use up this box.
 These arrived promptly and are just the right size. I have a skin condition that is aggravated by exposure to cold, wet, and chemicals. These have been a huge blessing while doing chores, washing my hair, cooking etc.
 The gloves are a great fit...not too tight, and not loose. I use them for working on my Microblading clients and I am able to grip my tools well and have had zero issues with them ripping or tearing. They’re much more durable than other gloves that I’ve used in the past. They came quickly and the seller was professional &amp; packaged them well. I will purchase again!
 I love these gloves and they are the only ones I will buy for our school.  They are sturdy and good to be used not only for nursing, but also for our kids when they do dissections and also for when we have to clean up some nasty messes.  The sizes are great and the Mediums fit my hands perfectly (Average sized woman).
 Great gloves that fit as expected and don't tear easily.  We use for cleaning around the house and for cleaning our pool and it works great to keep the chemicals off our hands.
 The medium is a bit (tiny bit) larger than other brands. I do like that they dispense easily with one hand. You don't end up with a clump of 5 gloves.  Very comfortable.
 Provides feel and fit that works well for me.<br/>Useful for expected health tasks as well as the occasional need to do light spnoge cleaning with noxious cleaners.
 Nice product, providing strength and flexibility. I use them for weeding the garden, household clean-up, scrubbing the litter boxes, window washing with newspaper, changing the oil on my car, etc.
 If you're working on anything other than painting model airplanes, these things will just disintegrate. I used them while doing an oil change, and they ripped before I even unscrewed the oil filter
 These gloves seem to be of good quality. I use them when I stain projects, paint, clean house, and fertilize / repot my orchids. I use a lot of gloves. The quantity and price for me equals a good value. I am a female with an average hand size. The size medium fit perfect.
 I purchased this item to assist care providers in my home after an elective surgery.  They weren't needed and haven't been used yet but I plan to use them when cleaning in my home to protect my hands from harsh chemicals.  The product delivered was what I ordered, it looks to be of good quality, and was delivered on time.
 I use them when I:<br/>Clean the basement.<br/>Pick up my dogs poop and put it in a big ziplock bag to throw it out.<br/>Glue Stuff.<br/>Clean my cars wheels.
 Ripped after minimal use.  Bought for use when clean, particularly detailing my car (cleaning wheels) to keep grime off my hands.  Tear easily.  Not impressed at all by these.
 Thes gloves are perfect. I bought size medium &amp; they work out just right. I apply pain cream nightly to my shoulders and/or feet &amp; wear one glove on my right hand. It really saves me from<br/>having to wash my hands over and over to get the cream &amp; odor from the cream off.
 I use gloves a lot due to sensitive skin so I use these not only in the kitchen to handle food but to clean bathrooms etc as well. They slide on easily and feel like a second skin.
 Gloves were delivered in a timely manner, price was great. I use these gloves for a variety of things from kitchen to laundry room. They’re also durable
 I use nitrile gloves when I clean messy areas as well as when I work in the yard.  They leave no residue like the latex do.  For heavy outside work, I use them as an underlayer, and then wear a work glove on top, and then a brown cotton throw away glove over that to keep the work glove fairly clean.  The nitrile layer is not uncomfortable at all and keep my hands clean.  I could not find these in any local store, so I got them online, at Amazon.
 Everything you'd want in a glove. I use these to clean up dog poop and the toilet. I feel like I'm protected and that they can stand up to scrubbing.
 Box came damaged
 Purchased these gloves to make up emergency kits for all of my family members to carry in their cars.  Every bit as high quality as the non-sterile gloves we use in the OR.  Not like those cheap ones you find in food service that fit no one.  I would recommended these!
 Exactly as described. Fast delivery. True to size. Good bargain. Love nitrile; I buy my own stock for skilled care center that supplies inferior “lunch lady” type gloves.
 Awesome gloves! Used these at home at least ten-fifteen Times a days with both my parents. Changed diapers, bathing, bathroom duty, cleaning. Very durable!
 I use these mostly to handle food, especially raw meats (making meatballs, etc.)  They are working well, and I haven't had any issues with tearing.
 They fit well and come off/on easily, especially when working around water, and the tip of the fingers do not tear. Also, there’s very little odor on your hands after removing them. I compared prices and quality of the gloves and Amazon was the best choice.
 A little large if you have small hands and whatnot, but they should fit most people! They are also slightly thin and do not seem extremely strong, but they work well for most uses.
 Always good to have a pair of exam gloves. Never know when you need to deal with something you don’t want to touch. Like kids, pets, or cleaning.
 I’m an oil painter and use gloves to keep my skin from absorbing the toxins. These gloves are great, they don’t tear and fit like a second skin.
 My 4 year old daughter was recently diagnosed with Neuroblastoma and upon being discharged from.the hospital after her first round of chemo, my husband and I needed to make sure we had everything on hand to maintain her PICC line and also for when she gets her Broviak line, also to give medication and so on and so forth. The gloves arrived in a closed packaging and have been great. We have not had any issues with ripping or tearing thus far.
 I use these for clearing gunk out of my dog's eyes. They aren't so thick, my fingers can't feel the pressure of my hold when I apply the eyewash and do not fall apart when I take them off.
 These are good quality and I use them to protect my hands from dyes when staining wood furniture.  Also for when using chemicals in my yard to prevent absorption.
 These do exactly what they’re supposed to. Protects your hands when cleaning with harsh chemicals. This is the only thing I’ve used them for but works like a charm.
 I use these in my cleaning business and the girls love them. I personally do not use gloves when cleaning, but I have not received a bad word from my workers on this product.
 Great product... great price... great quality... no powder residue and breathable so not a lot of moisture build up. Thick and sturdy gloves!!!
 Needed these gloves asap for my Dad's caregiver.  Found them, price was right and so was the quantity.  Had them 2 days later!  Perfect purchase.
 Use these when cleaning mom's bum and also applying lotions.  They'd be great for hair color too.  Very well made and not latex.  Great product, price and seller!
 can't even use them.  They break trying to get them on.  I have medium size hands and they don't come close to fitting in these.  Very disappointed.
 Got your need for clean hands while on a more than likely dirty outcome. Keep yourself clean cause these do the job you'll be needing them.
 I liked the ease of having gloves that fit properly. Using the gloves to change my husband's post-op surgical dressing made this important task less stressful.  Thank you for a great product.
 I order these gloves for multiple uses around my house ( especially to bathe my dog) and for cleaning around the house.<br/>they are much easier to use then thick rubber gloves. ( price is great on Amazon compared to big box stores and drug stores like CVS / Walgreens).
 My hands are constantly in water as I have 10 rescue animals and clean, clean, clean!  These keep my hands dry.  They are easy to put on and take off.
 They are very good<br/>The size is ok as well<br/>Very resistant<br/>I make my house cleaning with them<br/>Didn’t give me allergy
 I received this shipment on time, was actually in one day from the time I ordered.  I am a registered nurse and keep these handy.  Good quality and price.  Thank you.
 I use these gloves daily and medium is a perfect average hand fit (no slip), easy to put on and hold up well. I'm a hairdresser and use them for chemical services every day at work.I always choose Nitrile to avoid any possible latex allergic reactions. I also use them at home for messy chores, cleaning the aquarium and of course, first aid. Never had one tear!
 The gloves are comfortable, and keep my hands chemical free.  I love that they are powder-free too.  They arrived promptly.  Will buy again.
 I am on my third box of these gloves.  They are strong, easy to put on, and I like them.  Even though my hands are small, I buy the medium for ease of putting them on.  I recommend them.
 I basically try to use them to protect my hands. I use them all the time in the kitchen for cooking and for cleaning. Saves my hands! I've recommended them to other people and I think they are now using them for the same thing. I go through boxes of them. Can't recommend them highly enough. Also they're quite strong, I think they last longer than the latex ones.
 Fit like a glove :)  These are perfect for cooking, working on car or other stuff that I want to keep my hands clean.  Easy on and off and no issues ripping or easily getting a hole.
 I use these for work and they’ve been great. I have sensitive skin and they haven’t caused my hands to break out at all they fit my hands well but are too small for my husband. I’ll definitely buy them again.
 These work fine for me with doing tasks around the house I want to do and keep my hands clean or dry. Work as well as those we use at the vet.
 I bought these for cleaning the bathroom (the cleaning products were brutal on my hands), and it seemed like a more sanitary option than reusable cleaning gloves, especially since I have roommates. I also love the extra dexterity you get with these vs. reusable cleaning gloves. Pretty affordable too!
 Fast Service.  Excellent Product.  I take care of my 95 year old mother and use these multiple times during the day for bathroom help.  They work well and stand up to pulling etc.
 I have only used the product once so far, and it was decent as I expected. I just need these gloves for my labs at school, so overall, I’m pretty satisfied with what I get for the price!
 These gloves fit properly, are light enough to allow tactile work. I use them for home medical needs, handling raw poultry, cleaning and gardening. They stand up to just about anything you want to use them for.
 They came prompty and fit my medium hands. Whhat more could you want?<br/><br/>Note: I have not tried to blow one up as a balloon yet, so I can not speak to their ability to do this.
 These are quality gloves at a great price. I’ve used various brands, many of which have broken. These gloves do not break easily and you can’t eat the price!
 We use these gloves many times each day when caring for my mom.  They go on and come off easily and don't irritate our skin.  I recommend them one hundred percent.
 These gloves work just fine and a very quality glove and to get 100 count for this price was nice.  We'll re-order when needed again!
 I have to wear only nitrile gloves as these don’t bother my skin- I wear them for many tasks and they are easy to put on and easy to take off
 I've only used these gloves a few times. But I've used latex gloves thousands of times over the years and I must say that these gloves are the best fitting and essayist to put-on gloves that I've ever used. Dozens of brands and these are the best...
 These are great for cleaning up gross pet messes. Also I'm squeamish about handling raw meat so I like to wear gloves when I'm cooking. These work great!
 These gloves were exactly what I was looking for because we have a couple of elderly dogs that need a lot of attention and cleaning up. Got the medium size for me and large for my husband. The fit is great, not too tight or too loose.
 Very low quality, tear easily.<br/>This style of gloves are Amazon’s replacement for similar gloves that I purchased a year or so prior. The other gloves were nice, these are not.
 The exam gloves are being used to attend to my elderly parent. They're are exactly what we need, strong and flexible. At times the gloves had to be stretched a bit and no breakage was produced. Excellent product that I would definitely recommend to my acquaintances.
 We use these gloves to dispense transdermal medication to our cat. Comfortable, no irritation for us or our cat. Medium fits myself and my husband.
 These are very light, durable, easy on and easy off gloves. I use ghem multiple times a day to apply oil and medicinal ointments to my body in a radiation sore area and they work beautifully. I keep numbers of these gloves in a small zip lock baggie for on the go and travel, and of course in the packaged dispense box at home. Highly recommend.
 These gloves are great for doing just about any type of chore including food prep, cleaning, or painting.  They are reasonably priced and I love that they protect my hands from daily tasks.
 Had injuries from an accident in July and they became infected.  Had to change the dressing three times a day wearing these gloves.  Perfect for the job.
 These gloves work well for everything I need them for. My favorite thing about them is that they fit well— makes tasks easier! They don’t have powder which irritates our skin and dries it out.
 Great quality, great price. I use these for just about everything. I'm allergic to latex so these are the best. I have pretty small hands and the medium fits perfect.
 These gloves are good quality at a fair price. They feel exactly like the ones we use in the hospital. They are a little thin, but durable. I am a female with somewhat long but narrow fingers, and size medium fits perfectly. The first box I received was damaged during shipping because it came in one of those plastic Amazon bags. The second box I purchased came in a box and was  completely in tact. I would recommend these.
 The fit was true to size, I love the fact I didn't have to remove my ring to wear them.  Very durable.  Great product.
 I’m a teacher with lunch duty. I’ve been wearing these gloves since 2016 to help avoid germs. As I’m not getting sick, I’d say they’re working! I keep reordering them every few months.
 My husband said he really likes these, they have a good fit. The figure tips don't stretch when he wears them.
 as expected.  Reasonable price and quality. I use them to protect my hands when helping someone with toileting and also for keeping my hands clean when painting.
 I wear contacts and cook with jalapenos for almost every meal. Therefore I need a protective barrier to protect my eyes from burning when I need to adjust my contacts or something. These are durable and affordable. I'll certainly be re ordering.
 I thought the gloves were thick but they are thin and easily tears. I thought I would order online instead of purchasing from Costco but I will return to purchasing from Costco, the gloves I purchase there are thicker and more durable than these.
 I use these gloves for gardening. They keep all the stains and grime off my  hands. Better yet, they last for 2-3 gardening sessions - a real !
 I like that the gloves are easy to get on and off. They don't make your hands sweaty. I mainly use them for cleaning.
 I already have reviewed this product once.  Like the gloves. They have so many different uses and hold up really well during different uses.
 I use these gloves, mainly, taking care of my loved one, bathing, cleaning and more.  They are more comfortable than other gloves I have tried.  I would recommend these gloves for home medical care and light house cleaning.
 These gloves are durable.  I have had others that easily ripped when I used them, but these hold up well.
 If you check you will see I always buy these from Amazon. Perfect for all uses that I have from baking to cleaning to yard work!!!
 I use these gloves for cleaning &amp; also for prepping food in the kitchen.  I'm allergic to latex so they're perfect for me!
 Excellent gloves! I use them for art projects and some messy cooking, too.<br/>Perfect. And great price.
 Great product and price! Will keep buying this product when need it! No residues in my hands and good Comfort.
 Arrived on time.  Fit perfectly.  Use when cleaning litter box and works great to keep my hands clean.
 Purchased these for the caregiver for my mom and she is very happy with this product. Will probably purchase again.
 Perfect, I am a retired nurse , these gloves are the same quality I used in my clinic. Good fit, great when I paint ,etc. definitely will purchase again.
 we use these daily, 3 little kids, lots of spills, bathrooms cleanups, etc. good feel and fair price
 These gloves fit my hands perfectly and are very easy to put on and take off. Will continue to purchase these again.
 I use these gloves at property inspections where the environment looks questionable. The gloves make my cleanup process quicker and I can even operate a camera with them on. HLmedical shipped them quickly so I didn't have to do without.
 Purchase for after surgery use. Just what I needed to clean and protect myself from unwanted germs.
 these gloves are decent. My only complaint is they will fall apart quicker than some other brands.
 These gloves are quality - can be used for cleaning as well as medically (use with hand cream for softer hands)(.
 I purchased the gloves for cleaning but will not reorder the same ones, the finger tips rip very easily.
 These gloves are extremely strong and very comfortable.  In fact, for their kind, these gloves are perfect; you couldn't really ask for anything better.  Got them to use for my incontinent elderly mother and I am completely satisfied.  And importantly, you can't beat the price.  If you're thusly inclined: don't hesitate to buy these gloves; you won't regret it!
 These are great rubber gloves.  I've started to use it on a daily basis now, for cleaning, picking up stuff you don't want to touch and other uses.  These glove fit well but probably on the small side.  I'd say go with a bigger size if you're between sizes.
 I love these gloves.  I keep a box around the house and use for cleaning jobs.  They are great.
 I buy these mainly for my job - pharmacy tech - because my company is too cheap to provide them and this brand was at a great price so I was worried that they may not perform well, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Good quality and sturdy.  I would recommend them.
 Excellent and exactly as expected! Have not had a pair tear when I put them on or when they get caught on something.
 Used previous batch. Good, sturdy, disposable gloves. Doesn’t bother my son’s latex allergy.
 These gloves work well for me and the varied uses they receive. Would definitely order again!
 Good value in a quality Nitrile glove. Very handy around the house, antiseptic cleaning of bathrooms, etc.
 I have purchased these gloves many times. My husband is totally incontinent and I need them to address that. They fit well and don't make my hands sweat like others I have tried. Good product. I will keep ordering them.
 These are used for handling resin 3d printed items and they work like they should to protect skin.
 These were received promptly and in good condition. I needed gloves for cleaning an incision from surgery, and they we're perfect.
 Happy to be able to buy a whole box of these blue gloves instead of a few at the time at pharmacies.
 I ordered these for our school nurse who had a "Christmas needs" list but we have them at home for numerous purposes as well
 I like the color.  I can re-use them for washing dishes up to four times.  They are more<br/>economical.
 I use this in my human dissection class, they are pretty resistant to the preservatives used in the cadavers.
 You never know when an emergency will happen.  We stock our first aid kits with these gloves
 Easy to put on and take off. Good grip when working with them, no powder residue or funny smells.
 We've been using this product for cleaning our rental, really handy and its powder free.
 I really love these! I specifically use them when I'm working with my artwork. Also as someone that's allergic to latex it was nice being able to locate these and at an affordable price.
 work well -order a size up they are smaller than expected. .but they are of good quality.
 True to size.  Great for doing projects around house and when caring for my disabled child.
 Fantastic gloves! I go through gloves like crazy having a special need daughter and these are wonderful! Nice and thick doesn’t tear
 I am using these gloves for heavy cleaning in the house.  So far, the gloves have held up quite well with no problems.  The item was shipped and delivered quickly.
 I use these diapers for diaper changing and they work great!  They fit well but also fold over the diaper nicely.  Highly recommend.
 Very good quality gloves. Shipping was on time and no problems! I will be a repeat customer.
 they break so easily!
 They are easy to put on and take off.  Good for what I needed them for.  Will buy again.
 These are great exam gloves. I just use them to paint with so I don’t get paint all over my hands.
 I have a small cabinet painting business. We ordered these gloves for preparation on the cabinet surfaces. I am very satisfied with the product.
 Product is exactly as described.<br/>Medical exam gloves perfect for at home medical care.
 Ordered these for volunteers at  hot meal program for homeless at my church.  We all love them.  Go on and off easily.
 I found these gloves to be very easy to use.  They slip on and off easily.  They are durable and not too thick which provides for the ease of use.  I would recommend these gloves for a variety of uses.
 My daughter and I started a new hobby of making soap and purchased these gloves to protect our hands while working with the lye. They work very well for protection and we will buy them again.
 I have health aide and they love these gloves, nice and study. I’ll keep buying them!
 High quality gloves that work extremely well for the entire family! A+A+A+A+
 No issues with these they don’t leave my hands really dry and are easy on and off
 Fits just right, durable and priced reasonably. What more can you ask for?
 I use these regularly with henna so I don’t accidentally dye my fingers.  These do the job nicely.
 These gloves are perfect, they str4etch a little to help putting them on.
 Great loves- i use these to manage my wound - they are thick enough to get the job done. I get sent some gloves sometimes with out medical supplies- and these quality are much better- they dont rip easilywhen you put them on
 This is the 2nd time I've purchased these gloves. They fit well and are strong. I use them for everything.
 Love these. I have order them more than once, and they are high quality, and don’t tear.
 I am a hairdresser so I use the gloves for that. They are great Thank You
 I use these gloves for general first aid uses as well as cleaning. I have never had one tear on me which is impressive for this retired nurse. I have purchased these more than once and will continue to do so.
 We wanted gloves like detectives use on TV shows for high dexterity while protecting hands.  For us, mostly for dog tasks like brushing teeth and shampooing.  I bet they would be good for applying super glue and more.<br/>These are great and exactly what we envisioned.
 Very thin gloves, they tend to tear easy. If using for medical and needed for exam would be good I guess. For diaper changes and sick kids, not a chance.
 The order arrived in a timely manner. The MedPride Power-Free Nitrile Exam Gloves are powder free, not to thin ( they tend not to break when putting them on), but thin enough to feel like a second skin. I used them for personal medical care. My only issue is, if you need a receipt/ packing slip, you must get a print out receipt from Amazon.com, which wasn’t a smooth process.
 I have to buy my own gloves for school. The school doesn't provide them. This one box of gloves got me through an entire year of school with multiple labs. I even shared them with some fellow students. I never had one break. I still have some left but I'm just starting to run out.  Getting my degree as an MLT! 🔬
 Great value! Very satisfied.
 Too thin.  When applying ointment, gloves have fallen apart.  This has happend many times for me.
 They are well crafted to fit my hands. As a family childcare provider - I use them for changing diapers and cleaning the house. They're durable enough to fit over dirty diapers as well as thick enough to trap the smell. Highly recommend them.
 The gloves are great - serves their purpose perfectly and all, but what’s best was that the transaction was effortless and arrived well before anticipated. Big thumbs up on all points.
 Seem sturdier than most, less tearing going on and in use. Also, seem slightly larger for a Medium compared to others I have used, which is good for me as it makes it easier to get  on and fits me better.
 They come in  power free or with powder, so order which ever you want.
 Bought these for caregivers to use in our home. The medium fits a variety of ladies’ hands.
 These smell sooo bad that I can't stand to wear them. Disappointed.
 The quality of these gloves is very good and the price was very competitive. Very much appreciated!
 I like nitrile gloves like this. They’re comfy and durable so far. I ordered for my apt and 2 cars.
 Not very durable, easily tears, even without anything sharp touching it.
 These are great for working in the kitchen. I will buy them again.
 I was resonantly diagnosed with cancer and anyone who touches or cleans up anything I've worn or soiled with has to use gloves.
 Product came in good condition and gloves are easy to put on and sturdy
 Fit is true to size.
 Our employees use these gloves daily. They’re durable and fit well.
 I bought medium size but it is very small size. very easy to tearing.
 The gloves fit and were used to handle some extremely sticky repair tape.  The gloves were used to avoid having to peel my skin off if the tape touched it.<br/>They are also handy for some cleaning jobs around the house.
 They are gloves. They work great. They fit. What more is there?
 The gloves fit and did what they were supposed to do.  What else can you say about exam gloves?
 Best gloves by far especially for especially for latex allergy
 And garage when my husband is using adhesives, varnishes, etc.
 I use gloves when I'm working in the kitchen or using cleaning products in the house or car.  These gloves are a great fit and provide protection without reducing your sense of feel.  Being latex-free makes them safe for my family members who have latex allergies.  A really good product.
 I got what I ordered. Good quality gloves in a timely fashion. Good price too.
 I have a port and have to use medical gloves every day.  I have tried several brands of gloves but these are the best.  These gloves are more comfortable and do not make my hands sweat like other gloves.  They have a better fit as well, not being too tight or too loose.  I highly recommend these gloves.
 Gloves were good.  Used for personal care tasks.  No problems with tearing or with fit.  They feel a tad bit smaller than other brands with same labeled size.  No real complaints though.
 Easy ship to door delivery.  Great quality.  Affordable price.
 Great disposable light duty work gloves / car &amp; home repair.
 In my opinion not the most durable product. They break really easily, sometimes even just putting them on.
 I am familiar with these gloves.  I live the fit and feel.  They are my go to gloves of choice.
 I use these for all sorts of reasons and have had no issues.
 I used the gloves for personal shower.  They gave me good traction and enabled me to put on medications without making a mess.
 These are really nice gloves. Comfortable and they shipped quickly. I will purchase them again
 I use them to make hot sauce and stain wood projects , no leaks !
 I recently had major surgery and these gloves came in "handy" for myself and my caregivers. Good quality, not flimsy, not powdery.
 I bought a box of nitrile gloves and they are perfect.  Arrived in pristine condition.  A+ retailer!
 They're all right. Feel good quality, similar to other lab gloves
 They are the perfect “weight” for me. I’ve used others. I am a cancer patient with a compromised immune system.<br/>Use these a lot!, for protection, and cleaning, etc. Your shipping is fast! And your boxes arrive neat and clean. Can’t say that about the Co. I used to order from! Thank you!!! MJ
 Excellent product.  No issues with seller.  Product arrived on time and was as advertised.
 Perfect for what I needed, which is specifically to wear while chopping up hot peppers in the kitchen. I like the color, makes me feel less weird and clinical while I'm dicing jalapeno or whatever. No powder = no powder in your food. Doesn't leave an odor or a residue on my hands.
 They feel a little thicker than others and you do not have to struggle to put them on.<br/>The gloves were delivered as promised
 Works good just 1 out of 4 rip easily. Won't be buying this again.
 I use these gloves for all my soap making projects!!! Love them
 Seller provided what I ordered when it supposed to be received. Can't ask for much more than that. The gloves are good (I use them for food prep).
 Gloves are pretty strong for tough cleaning projects.
 These gloves work perfectly if you are a caregiver or just want to dye your hair. They work as they should and fit well.
 I've used MedPride gloves daily for over a year.  They are totally satisfactory.  The medium size fits perfectly whereas other brands of gloves have been too small.<br/>Thank you very much for a high quality product at a fair price.
 These gloves are working well. The fit is fine and they leave me with a good tactile feel. Easy to get on and off and I have had no issue with the gloves ripping or tearing. Pleased with purchase.
 Very pleased with the gloves.  Fit perfect for job I need to perform.
 Horrible quality.  If you think about putting them one, they will break.
 Fit nice. Feel good. Not irritating to skin at all.
 Product was delivered fast, the gloves work well, will buy again
 These gloves are a 'must have' for all sorts of situations.  They go with me in the car, on weekend outings, to the gas station... and are stashed in lots of rooms in our home.  They fit... they work well... and then they are tossed away.  What's not to like?
 It has a better fit than other gloves I’ve tried.
 Use these gloves for anything that I need rubber gloves for around the house.  Great quality and a good fit.<br/>Reasonably priced also.
 These are EXACTLY what I was looking for and so much less expensive than anything I have found at the store! I use them to apply my self tanner!
 Easy on and off.  Strong enough for household tasks
 I use these for painting.  They are comfortable and are like a second skin.
 Just as advertised. Not dried out either. Thanks!
 our product is less than three months old and already broke. The clamping device has two handles for grip and one of those snapped in half. In the products defense it was used roughly by my 10 yr old daughter. Just beware. No return policy which most products should have within 90 days
 I bought these to use when I clean. They are great!
 I use these for cleaning, food prep, washing dishes, first aid...washing my dog...anything &amp; everything.  Love, love, love the color.  Such a visual refreshment from that scrubs-blue.  Gloves fit well...are strong and get better price than if I purchase at my local pharmacies.
 They aren’t strong at all! Maybe it real old.
 Nice glove, is exactly as described.  Will buy again
 I use these for cleaning my snakes enclosures. Keeps my hands dry and clean without any powder residue!
 Worked well as expected, I would order again.
 Flimsy &amp; can tear them easily putting them on.
 These work well for cleaning hamster cages and cutting chicken etc… true to size, they fit.
 These gloves are perfect for my needs.  They are easy to use and strong.
 These work great keeping me safe while working with UV resin and high strength isopropyl alcohol. I have an Anycubic Photon 3D printer and these gloves are a very economical way to practice basic safety while working with toxic chemicals.
 Stretchy, comfortable, and fit true to size.
 Product is as described. Fast shipping, will order again in the future
 Very nice quality. I use them to clean up my yard from “doggie donuts” when working around my yard as to not contaiminate my garden gloves. Also, to clean my bathroom since I like one time use gloves when dealing with bathroom biohazards.
 I cook a lot and sometimes things get messy but always better to use gloves.  I bought these to do just that, handling raw chicken, pork, mixing meatloaf, etc. rec’d product in a timely manner and was undamaged.
 Terrific for protecting hands from cleaning around the house
 Great gloves for medical problems or messy jobs
 The gloves are great. I will buy them again.
 Really nice, just a little on the small side.
 Good gloves, decent price. Fit as expected.
 I use these to clean up when my cat makes a mess outside the litter box. They protect my hands—nothing gets through.
 The gloves were great, just what we needed.
 Good fit, they don't tear at the cuff when putting them on.
 Love latex gloves for everything from yard work to house cleaning. Highly recommend!!!
 These gloves are top notch. I am a nurse and a mother. I use them when cleaning and when tending to sick children. No complaints here.
 Great gloves, great company to work with.
 My wife used them to help her put compression stockings on me after a hip replacement - they gave her a good grip on the stockings making it a bit easier to put on.
 I had ordered from another vendor and they were too tight (small).  These fit my hands perfectly and I will definitely order them again.
 Great product.  I use them for cleaning.
 Gloves fit well , true to size. very pleased.
 These gloves are terrific for around the house tasks, hair coloring, and pet care.
 I use exam gloves in the kitchen when preparing various foods. These gloves work really well, fit nicely and are a nice quality. I will certainly purchase again.
 They’re gloves. They work. Not much else to say. They function as intended.
 We are very pleased with these gloves, which we use in many ways -- even for repotting indoor plants. We highly recommend them. And they fit very well.
 I work at a hospital, so I am a constantly cleaning things with Clorox  wipes. They really dry out my hands, so I got these gloves in a size medium in an effort to protect my skin. They have been life changing. They fit well and my hands don't dry out now when I disinfect my things. I will definitely be buying more and would recommend these.
 These gloves were great and the color was festive.
 Good product.  They get the job done with no complaints. I will order again.
 Great product, just as advertised.  You could say "it fits like a glove!!!"
 Good fit.  Needed for home health care. Received on time.
 These gloves came quickly and are very well fitting. Also the cuffs are enough to cover wrists, which is important to me, in the work I use them for. Thanks!
 NO PROBLEMS WITH THESE MEDICAL GLOVES.  I USE THEM ALSO TO CLEAN AND PEEL HOT PEPPERS.  THEY DO WHAT THERE ARE SUPPOSED TO DO.  EASY TO PUT ON AND STRONG.  COOL COLOR......
 THE PRODUCT IS MUCH TOO THIN SKINNED
 I tried to save a few dollars by buying these gloves. They were much thinner than the brand I usually use and I immediately ordered my old brand.
 Perfect. Use it for organic chem lab....and cleaning the cat litter box. No problems so far
 I am using these for making crafts with epoxy and I actually used them when baking so my nails wouldn’t chip off while working with dough. They are nice since no powder and easy to work with. Loved them.
 As long as you get the right size, they are great.  They run small, so I found I had to order the next size up compared to other brands.  If you order too small they are hard to get on and do break.
 Box came looking like it went through a war. Concerned that gloves may be damaged.
 Larger box for price would have made me happier.
 I clean professionally and these gloves work great.
 I buy this product every month. It's simply the best.
 The gloves are perfect for use as a care given for my husband.  They are easy to put on and off.
 Perform as expected.  Arrived quickly and are as pictured.
 I use them for dishwashing.  They are easy on and stay in place while in use.  This is at least my  second order.
 Fit perfectly for general duties around the house or in the kitchen
 Great product, prompt service!!:)
 Great quality.  No issues. Mainly use for household chores.
 Perfect and exactly what I needed
 Use at home.  Was a nurse all my life and like to have gloves available, never know when you will need them.
 I use these when working with my birdfeeders.  They protect my hands, and I still can feel what I am touching.  Take them off inside out and toss in trash when finished.  I wash my hands and actually feel clean.
 Great so far. I've used about 10 and they are all strong and thick. I have not had any issues yet.
 Good strong glove. Fit perfect.
 Comfortable and easy to put on.
 I can examine myself all day long with these.  Plus they keep my hands from getting greasy when I work on my bike.
 They are exam gloves as expected
 Always consistent always quality
 Great quality. Exactly what I'd expect.
 Hospital quality. Good price.
 Great gloves at a great price
 They are medical gloves. They do their job. Shipped quickly.
 Like the gloves very much!  I’m a caregiver 24/7. Have used several brands of gloves...this is the one I buy exclusively now. Thank you for an excellent product
 great to use in the kitchen every day
 Arrived on time and as described!
 These r great for home use.
 Works well for handling chemicals and keeps your hands clean
 No problem with these gloves, a bit tight for a medium size but works well and does not tear easily.
 Smooth transaction.  Great product
 Usually lower priced gloves tend to rip when stretched. The ones I received did not tear when stretching while putting on. Decent quality.
 work great use for my daycare changing diapers, super durable
 They hold up well.  Fit was perfect!
 Excellent gloves for an excellent price. I’m a repeat customer and will continue to keep buying from this seller.
 stronger than the other nitrile gloves. It won't ripped as easily
 I like this product. My parent has a caregiver, and these are a used during the care of my parent.
 This is the second time I’ve ordered these gloves.  Thrilled with them, however I don’t use them for medical.  I do crafts and I use them to protect my hands from paint and stain.
 Gloves are true to size and are good quality ! Would order again !!!
 Very sturdy and fit perfectly.
 Quality good;  large runs a bit smaller than same size in another brand
 Good fit and easy to use
 Love these for cleaning the bathroom or any where around the house!! 2nd purchase and I will continue purchasing them!!
 Effective and sturdy enough.
 Quick delivery good product
 They fit and are fine.
 Great product, not cheap and thin.
 They don’t break, so that’s good.
 They were a little small for a size medium but did their job. Would recommend!
 Great for my art work
 Always a great product and purchasing experience.
 Good product at good price.
 a little flimsy, tears easily
 I use these while painting. They fit nicely not loose and not to snug.
 Powder free, fit well
 Multi use. Hand stays dry and smell-less
 Using for oil painting to keep my hands clean. Work fine.
 Gloves are perfect.  They go on very easily even though they are a nice snug fit, which is what I needed.
 Excellent product!
 Gloves doing their job.
 thick and easy to put on
 Great fit , thank you
 These gloves are strong and fit well. I’m an in home nurse and these are worth the price. Always come on time and the packaging is always great. I highly recommend these.
 Fall apart quite easily
 These are great gloves and they arrived on time.
 Go up size run small
 Nice. I keep on hand for various projects. Thanks
 I'm sorry but I don't personally use this product, I work for a school district and in my department we support students and teachers in our Career and Technical Education focus areas. But apparently this is the most requested items from our health science and public safety area. Hope this helps.
 Fir well. Do the job
 As advertised.
 Durable as described. Great Value.
 They work well
 This is my third order of the “MedPride Powder-Free Nitrile Exam Gloves, Medium, Box/100”. I am very satisfied with the quality of the nitrile gloves. They fit well, they are easy to put on - and I haven’t had one tear yet. I will keep purchasing these and definitely recommend to purchase these.
 Medium fits my average size hands.  Nice weight.  Great price for 100.
 Performance is great.
 Exactly what I ordered
 As expected- handy to have around
 I love The gloves, they fit perfectly
 Very pleased and will order again. Was the absolute best price of all contenders and the product arrived in a quick two days.
 Come in handy
 They are thin, but are still difficult to tear. I'll be buying these again when I run out :)
 Good quality
 These are good gloves, but they were smaller than the normal "medium" size of had in the past.  I only use them for cleaning so I didn't  need exam gloves.  Other than that, they were as described and are good gloves.
 Good quality, price. I would buy them again.
 I like the fit and quality, but I ordered purple and they are blue.
 I am a cashier I use them for protection from meat blood, nasty money.
 No comment
 On second thought, let's not.<br/>...Lovely gloves for the price.
 As expected
 The gloves arrived on time and are exactly as described.
 Product doesn’t hold up well through using on bathrooms get holes in fingers and rip really easy to thin
 gloves are nice and fi very well. They do not rip easily. I use for house work and cooking. Very comfortable.
 I loved the product
 Great buy
 Prompt delivery, good packaging. Item as described<br/> Gloves fit well and appear to be of good quality. Would recommend to all.
 good product. Prompt service
 Excellent quality and quick delivery!
 I will buy again
 Love these gloves and will re-order!
 Yes buy
 Excellent for digital bowel stimulation
 very good
 It works
 Great product!
 Great gloves
 Sturdy and do exactly what I need them to do.
 Liked product.  Will likely order again.  keep  up good  work.
 Great product l9vr the fit..
 Good gloves very good price
 Great product fast delivery
 Easy to put on. Durable
 This was exactly what I needed. They are good quality, for well,and a great price.
 Good Product
 only used once for strong cleaning  job with chemical cleaners. they held up well and were easy to put on and remove as well.
 These gloves fit my hands very well allowing me to function with good dexterity.<br/>Shipping time was good.
 Love using these gloves around the house for cleaning and even cooking.  We also use them outside for cleanup, gardening, and working on the car.
 Gloves are not good for EMS use.  Tear to easy.
 does what its supposed to
 Good price, right product for my needs
 Perfect fit! Would like to have gloves be a bit stronger, but I would buy them again.
 Use these gloves for all sorts of projects and food handling. Couldn’t be happier with them.
 I originally bought this product for cleaning purposes and so far they have done the job. The gloves are very durable and won’t tear or rip from the cleaning chemicals I am using so over all I would rate 10/10 but make sure you check your hand size because I got it one size to small
 Product exactly as described. Good quality. I used them while working with small animals and they are great. Not sticky like other gloves I have used and perfect when working with sensitive human or animal skin. They hold up really well and even with animals nails, have not ripped.
 We order these for use around the school including our nurse's office.<br/>These gloves are very durable, feel great on the hand without stripping of moisture, and come in a color which makes them easy to spot in a kit.
 Very good gloves.  They arrived on time and as expected.<br/>They are easy to put on and more substantial than other<br/>gloves I have used.  Will order them again.
 One time use , very easy to broke
 fit well
 They fit well and they don't rip.
 Good quality
 Fast delivery. Great quality product and very reasonable price. Would definitely purchase again
 This product lacks a major brand, but for a great price we have what we need for caring for my elderly mother in law. Excellent value! Durable too! These gloves won't tear.
 The gloves arrived quickly and are as described. I recommend them highly. We will purchase them again.
 The gloves keep my hands drying up in the winter.  I actually gave some to my friends and they liked them so much they bought their own.
 Good quality for the price. I always go to these when I need gloves for coloring hair or cleaning around the house. Good to keep some in your car too for emergencies.
 Good
 Gloves as described, work well , great price , delivered quickly<br/>Would order again
 Great gloves. Easy on. Work well.
 Box of gloves is in my baseball practice bag!!  Got here quick and clean
 I use them a lot and hey are execellent
 Good fit and quality
 These gloves are used in a school health clinic.  They fit well and don't tear, like the vinyl ones.  May be a bit more expensive, but worth it.
 Absolutely perfect for my needs - handling rat traps in my house. I tend not to use them extensively because they don't breath which is the exact reason for its purposes
 Very durable. Great price
 Shipped on time! Exactly as described. Second or third
 Those gloves fit very well.
 Use them in salon, love the quality and durability
 Size was a perfect fit.  My husband had a stroke and has no use of his right side, therefore the family members have to help him with bathing and bathroom.  These are perfect for our use.
 The gloves were delivered and are as promised. Nothing fancy. But I don't need fancy.
 Been doing a lot of tiling lately &amp; hope these will save my fingers from the mortar.
 As expected
 Fit is perfect!
 I use these for my mixed media crafting. They are perfect for this..
 My mothers caretaker uses these and said they are really tough and do the job.
 Good product. I like the color
 The are easy to get on. Perfect for cleaning around the house. Will buy again.
 Soft, goes on easily yet powder free. The gloves also don't stick to each other as much and don't make a mess coming out of the box when you're just trying to grab 1 or 2.
 Nice but they feel cheap and flimsy.
 I am happy with the quality of these gloves. I would purchase them again.
 Flexible and easy to put on.
 I really like this product. For me, they are tough enough and durable to do what I need it to do. I have tried others but this really does the job for me. I am very happy with my purchase. And I will purchase this product again.
 I like the Rubber Gloves we received.
 As expected.
 I loved your gloves they fit perfect, our church does a free community meal every month so the gloves are great for cutting up the veg for the salad and serving. thanks
 Very good quality, worth the money. Recorded several times .
 Received package in a timely manner and was as advertised. Will not hesitate to order again if needed.
 I like these gloves. They fit well. Much better than latex.
 I love these gloves. I use them for a multitude of things, in the kitchen, bathroom and sometimes in the garden.<br/>I recommend this product.
 I use these gloves for cooking. Works great, as expected.
 These gloves hold up well.
 The gloves work great, but them you can't go wrong.
 Great gloves. I use them for food prep and for cleaning.
 Easy to order and the gloves came way faster than I expected! Thanks!
 The gloves are good and they arrived quickly.
 Only wish there were more gloves per box.  When doing dressing changes at home, I routinely use 2-3 pair per dressing change.  One pair to remove the soiled dressing, one pair to clean the wound, then one to apply the clean dressing.
 For well
 I like Medpride Powder-free Nitrile Exam Gloves because you can use them for everything and they are really dependable.
 As good as the others.
 I use these gloves for everything.  Washing dishes,  cleaning the house and I'll be using them for gardening in the spring.  Very good gloves
 These gloves are great because we have a relative that requires special care after a lengthy hospital stay.
 hands stay clean from haircolor..... 2 thumbs up!
 Gloves are true to size. Work well and priced right.
 great gloves no complaints.
 The nitrile gloves fit well and do not tear.  A very good product
 Worked perfect, fits great, very happy.
 Product is good. Quick shipping. Thank you.
 Easy on and off, so I can reuse several times when I am painting.
 I bought the gloves to use while painting, which can be messy. The fingers are a little long for me, but otherwise the fit is good. Good weight; does not seem to tear when I pull them on and off. Product was delivered promptly and in good condition.
 Great gloves. Fit really well. Really enjoy them. I've already bought a second box and will more than likely continue to buy this exact one.
 Thick and great color!
 We use this product to clean my mom. She had a stroke and is bed bound and is in Adult diapers. The aide and use this product while cleaning her,
 Good fit &amp; color, lasts through entire job.  I use in the care of colonies of feral cats.
 The Delivery man didn't deliver the product to the right place. The product is very good
 Use them for cleaning
 Very good
 The quality of the gloves is the same as what I received from the doctor's office. I haven't had any issues with ripping or tearing and will definitely reorder when these run out.
 Great product for the price!
 I am very please with these gloves.
 Fit perfectly and super durable with spray paint chemicals and I tried to pop it by blowing it up and had a hard time popping the darn thing. So it’s super strong
 They work great. I use them for cleaning and garden work.
 Fit and feel good- not itching.
 The gloves are high quality, and were at a better price than what we could find locally.  Will order again.
 Easy transaction. Just what I needed! Non-latex no powder.
 Gloves work great and gets the job done!
 I ordered these exam gloves from Amazon. I use them daily to care for my mother with Parkinson's disease. The order and delivery were easy and timely. I couldn't ask for a better experience. And I love the purple color. Will definately order these gloves again.
 Almost as good quality as the ones at hospital I work at as this one is much thinner but it does the job at home for me!
 We used these regularly with my sick mother inlaw. They are sized accurately, good quality and don't rip easily. Great find!
 I have specific medical issues and I need the gloves to address these. The gloves fit perfect and help me to do the things that I need in order to stay alive. This is why I keep re-ordering them.
 I use these gloves for art work and household chores. They perform perfectly.
 Loved the medical gloves! Need them to do home care for diabetes treatments and apply creams to neuropathy areas.
 Strong gloves. They do not tear and leak. I use them for cleaning. Both the fit and quality are great, glad I found these.
 I am an artist working with caustic products in acrylic and oil paint mediums. I love these gloves for how they protest my skin and fit so well I hardly know I have gloves on my hands.
 Have bought 3-4 boxes and will continue to do so.
 Great service! Order arrived on time and the gloves were exactly what we were looking for and the price was very reasonable.
 Received the package ripped on the side
 Great gloves, they are pretty good, they don’t feel sticky in your hands and they don’t have powder, easy to put on and they stretch to fit every hand. Super happy with them.
 I use them to clean they are great!!!
 My Mom has cancer so we are all using the gloves, they are easy to put on and fit well no powder. The whole family use from size medium to large.
 Held up well durable and comfortable.
 Doin what gloves do ✔️
 As described
 Our caregiver is very pleased with the gloves. Likes fit and feel.
 Fantastic fit and very durable.
 I use these to do crafts, paint, or for cleaning yucky stuff.  They seem to work well so far, great purchase!
 The powder free gloves are great. We go through quite a bit of gloves daily and these are sturdy and comfortable to work in.
 The glove box was open at the sealed line with a punch hole on the side, and the gloves was slipped outside of the box.
 They are nice, fit well
 Great product, fast shipping, good fit.
 Great buy!
 Great product. Fast delivery.
 I like to keep nitrile gloves around the house to protect my hands and my wife uses them too. When I’m working on something in the garage or doing some cleaning it’s great to throw a pair of these on and know your hands aren’t going to get oily or dirty.
 These are very nice for household cleaning since they are more durable than standard exam gloves.
 Very good item, fast ship.
 Using these for acrylic pouring and resining. Couldn't do without them.
 Great Gloves!!
 Sizes run small:  If you wear a size  medium in U.S., you will need size Large in these gloves. I was disappointed.
 It fits perfectly but tears in less than half hour using it.
 Gloves are great, I use them in my kitchen for packaging chicken and beef. Good price and I’ll buy again.
 Worked as expectedthese gloves performed as expected
 I use these type of gloves all the time. They are great
 I like.  Will likely order again!
 Perfect
 The first three times I tried to put the gloves on they all tore. One must use extreme care putting them on.
 I won’t be wasting my money on another box of these.  Not near as strong as I expected
 These gloves tore every time I used them. I used these while spraying paint on trim. Would not buy again.
 I was a little disappointed that I had to wait so long.  I had to buy two boxes of gloves, 50 each box from local store and one box of 100 until order came. But I am very happy with your price. And find the gloves to work well for my needs.  Thanks for your interest.
 I rate them good. The nurse uses them to care for my disabled child.
 These are great for massaging people, feels like skin to them
 Great fitting gloves that I can use on anything.
 Great
 The gloves are just what I needed.
 These gloves are perfectly crafted without weak spots. They are very comfortable to wear for extended times, provide excellent protection, and my hands remain dry. I will purchase these again, and again!
 Tried these out instead of getting my usual latex gloves and i am so impressed. They hold up better and can literally be used for anything. Will be repurchasing!
 These gloves arrived on time and they work great!  They are just the right thickness and fit well.
 Good quality disposable gloves
 Great gloves, excellent fit and dexterity with them on<br/>Highly recommend shipper Wifh very fast shipping too
 Great product, great price!
 They are used for house cleaning and work perfectly for that use.
 Great gloves!
 No complaints. Very good gloves. I feel well protected. Will repurchase.
 No complaint
 Great gloves for the kitchen. I use when handling raw meat and cleaning. Couldn't live without them!
 Service great, product is great
 God fit good quality
 I bought these  to use when handling lye when I make soap at home.  They are very easy to slip on and off and provide the protection for my hands without being too bulky.
 Fast delivery, product as described
 Fit perfectly...Easy to get on and off and heavy enough to do kitchen tasks.
 These gloves are durable and they do not make the hands feel sweaty.
 Great product. Durable!!!
 I use these gloves when washing dishes and cleaning up around the house, the snug fit gives better control.  Can dry and reuse multiple times.
 I’m very happy with the product, it’s high quality, doesn’t tear and stays on well. The order arrived very quickly. I use it for cooking and cleaning, my bf uses it for working on cars. Thank you.
 They do what they say they’ll do.
 works like always
 They do the job but they break very fast and I’ll go through a few in a hour sometimes while cleaning
 I've been using my gloves from the day I received them and the fit is perfect.  The gloves are extremely sturdy and I'm able to carry out my task very efficiently.  Definitely will be purchasing again
 👌🏼
 Fast shipping, great product!
 Standard nitrile gloves purchased for a caregiver who is assisting my wife
 I needed gloves for cleaning (working with chemicals), prepare food (ground meat), and applying medical creme. This glove can do it all without tearing. Also the glove is easy to get on/off. Great product.
 Perfect for many uses
 Great medical gloves.  Good quality and very comfortable and a great value.
 Excellent
 Product arrived quickly and is as expected.
 Everything as expected, will order again when we run out.
 Will buy again
 Product was as described, packaging was appropriate and delivery time was excellent
 I use these to clean around the house and they hold up pretty good.
 They’re great sturdy
 Best gloves around
 I like them. They fit well. They don't rip. Yay gloves!
 Great quality gloves. I am a caregiver and go through lots of gloves every night and thwes are great amd affordable.
 Very reliable and durable. The seller was also very helpful letting me know as soon as my order came in if I needed any assistance or had any questions. I know that whenever I need to restock I’ll always get these gloves from MedPride.
 They work!
 No issues with these, came quickly and work well. Easy to take off and put on, the box is good quality and doesn't rip when opening the hole for the gloves.
 They are a great product at an affordable price!
 Nothing fancy but it's affordable and it does its job.  I frequently use these gloves on a daily basis.  No complaints.  I would recommend this product to friends and family.
 I bought this to have for myself and others to use when helping my elderly mother in kaw with in home health care bathroom needs. You get plenty. Easy on and off
 Great fit. Great gloves.
 good fit, n strong
 Works great for what I bought them for
 checked with nurses when undergoing infusion at home, these are some of the best and do not<br/>fall apart.
 Satisfied
 Comfortable gloves. Great value! Quick delivery!
 I enjoyed working in these. They kept my hands safe, they are worth the money and they do not tear easily.
 These are quality gloves that fit as expected.  I use them generally for housekeeping and working on home projects.
 Quality great
 Good! But I need a smaller size
 Perfect for daily use in helping with my mom's incontinence. Easy to get on. Provides good coverage and protection. Easy to pull off and discard.
 These gloves are good, they are almost hospital quality. My only problem is my box came all flat, someone may have sat on it. Not happy about that.
 Love Them! Tried other brands and I can't find one better at this price! Use them as part of my Massage Spa!
 They’re gloves.
 verygood. GLoves fit well, cover  ladies hand and don't appear to tear that easily. I wear them under cottongardengloves for added protection and sometimes without the outer glove. Kathy
 i use this on a daily basis  they are great
 Gray for hair stylists
 Fit is true to suze.  Good quality
 Good product well made.
 Perfect for our needs
 They worked great for what I needed them for. I used them in my 4th grade classroom. I had 4 (out of 100) gloves tear during usage. Other than that, they worked great for my activity.
 Good gloves. They fit perfect and they are sturdy for rubber gloves! I use these for tattooing. Happy with my purchase.
 We buy these for my mother in law’s care takers!  They are strong and durable!  Fantastic product and the delivery is always timely!
 Arrived as promised.
 They fit well and are strong enough for my purpose
 Comfy, don't tear too easily. I use these while doing freight since my iummune system is compromised. Good deal!
 Great gloves! No powder, very durable
 Product perfect for intended use
 Very handy for cleaning projects around the house.
 Perfect fit
 Great product
 Medical grade gloves. Feels like second Skin.<br/>High Quality. Highly Recommend !!
 Great product for a great price.
 non sterile
 Easy to put on and comfortable to wear.
 Perfect gloves
 Nice gloves.  I use them for working on the car, painting, or anything where I get dirty hands.  These help prevent greasy, stained hands and fingernails.
 Good product!
 Just as described!
 These gloves really meet my needs. With normal use, they do not rip and liquids do not bleed through. I have reordered these several times and plan to continue using this brand.
 Great for house chores. They fit well, good value!
 Just right.  Thanks.
 I use this golves for cleaning homes and I love them the water don't go through and they don't brake and fit perfect (medium)
 Good
 These are not as tight as others and feel more sturdy. Will buy again.
 I use these to wash dishes and save my nails.  They are also great under a garden glove to keep soil out.
 Good quality. My husband had surgery,so we use a lot of gloves
 These gloves are great. They fit great and do not tear while working with them.
 what I expected
 good gloves, the medium was a good fit for me, came quickly
 Good product, fair price, arrived on time.
 Somewhat larger and moves around more on my hand than other brands.
 Excellent gloves--great fit and nonpowdered at a fantastic price.  I'll buy these again and again for house and yard cleaning.
 Great gloves!
 This gloves has a very good quality Thank you Delivery was very quickly
 I use these while cleaning the bathrooms they work great.
 Perfect for dishes.
 Great product. Comfortable
 works well and is sturdy
 Fast shipping.  I use these gloves nearly every day and they don’t rip easily like other brands.
 Good for wound care for my dog.
 As expected.  Powder-free, durable, disposable gloves.  Thumbs-up.
 Came exactly as described. Fast shipping. Will order again in the future.
 Too thin. Tear very easily. Nowhere is the thickness of the gloves advertised
 Performed as described.  Recommended.
 SO much cheaper than the local drugstores, and I got twice the number of gloves! Thanks,Amazon!!
 Awesome great for anything!
 I have bought several boxes of these gloves. They are easy on, fit very good and never tear apart!
 The gloves are easy to put on, fit nicely and are of very good quality.  I purchased the gloves to be used by my father’s caregivers.  Compared to other brands, these are the best.  Will order again!
 Easy to fit.
 Wonderful high quality gloves.  My son uses them to change oils, grease etc on his semi truck and trailer.  Don’t rip and lasts for the whole job.  I will be buying these on a regular basis
 Came on tine. Product was just as expected.
 Good
 Really nice gloves for a nurse or around the house
 Good quality for the price . I clean houses professionally and I'm rough on gloves and these hold up well
 Great gloves and seller
 These are okay much thinner than I thought but, still able to get the job done.
 The gloves are resilient and easy to get on/off
 Very happy with purchase!
 I have IBS and need to use gloves and baby wipes to keep clean. After mistakenly buying another brand I realized how far superior yours are.  The other brand was too thin, had a funny odor and not true to size.
 Good
 I love this product and they ship it fast and these
 Works perfectly for putting medication on. No smell. Fits great.
 Just what I was looking for!
 I have to supply extra gloves at the home my father is in. I even use them at home. Great fit and not the cheap thin ones that tear when you try to put them on. Will always buy your product. Very Happy with my purchase.
 The don’t break and are perfect for what I need them for.
 we lost the gloves right when they came in. never even got to try more than 1 pair. bummer cause were recently engaged and hoping to have those a while! not your guys fault though
 don't seem to be bothered by lubricants
 Great
 I use the gloves for crafting, they work great.
 Love them
 Great gloves. They fit great and hold up very well.  I’ve only torn one while putting them on and that was probably just me being too aggressive pulling them on. Highly recommend.
 Perfect, Just what you would expect.
 No messy powder
 Meets all expectations
 I’ve been using this product for awhile now and they are consistently reliable, arrive quickly and fit nicely.
 Super thin and tore extremely easy. I will not be purchasing again. Was very annoyed by this. Dont even bother.
 Good size.  Quality product.
 Great product.
 I use them everyday to care for my mom. Great product and quality
 The fit is perfect
 works great
 These worked perfectly for medication handling
 These come in super handy, and fit like a charm.
 Quick service. Great product.
 I love these gloves to use for cooking or cleaning. They had a good snug fit and durable. I would definitely repurchase.
 Just a functional item, I would complain if the glove did not do the job, but these work fine for me while handling paint and solvents
 Love this product..
 good product
 Great gloves, go on easy.
 Excellent product just what I needed be sure will reorder in the future if available<br/>Happy New Year.
 Fit great, and very useful for my purpose.
 Great for paint!
 Excellent gloves, thin and strong.
 you can trust
 use them everyday very happy with them
 Better than other gloves I was allergic to
 They seem to work just fine.  I have small hands but ordered size medium and I like they way they fit.
 This product works well when using sterile gloves they are durable.
 a lot of powder.
 It's good, just like any nitrile exam gloves.
 This one is a little bit expensive actually, but the quality is really good.
 Great quality!
 Awesome gloves! Worked perfectly for my anatomy class!
 Long lasting
 They are the flimsiest nitrile gloves I've ever had, good for quick use, not for hours of work.
 Item as described
 Used these for various house renovations (caulking, wood filling, cleaning, painting, etc.) and work just as expected.
 Good product.  Works as expected.
 Works great, 94 year old Mother has 24 hour care and caregivers use them.
 These gloves are soft and fit well.
 Excellent fit and quality. I use these gloves for everyday household tasks and clean-up, and they have become a staple item in my home.
 The first box was perfect... I reordered off the “order again” button and got a different brand and a size too big.
 Love it.  Half the price of the drug store.
 Good quality for cost
 nice thickness and true to size. awesome gloves and will definitely buy again even if not on special.
 Our caregivers like these.
 Great quality gloves I use daily for chores and things around the house.
 We keep the gloves around in case the care-giver forgets to bring any.
 Love them
 I absolutely love this nitrile exam gloves I use them for all my esthetic needs .
 The product was as described and the price was reasonable.
 Fit as expected.  Quality.  Half way through the box and not one has torn.
 I love having these on hand at home for messy cleanups and such.
 Great for work!! Haven’t ripped open on me and came quickly!
 Why pay more, then?
 I use these gloves in veterinary school and they're great! They haven't torn on anything. I've used them for both dissecting things (in anatomy) and handling live animals. Great product
 These gloves are terrific. We use them for cleaning and cooking... really, anything around the house.
 Gloves work great very comfortable
 I use these for work &amp; they are perfect! I love the feel &amp; fit! Thanks for such a great product!
 The feel and fit
 the gloves arrived on the date as stated. I haven't gotten to use these gloves yet but I have used this brand before and they're great
 Very happy with my purchase of these gloves.  Exactly what I needed.
 The gloves arrived on time &amp; were a perfect fit. Often they are too big or small. They are sturdy &amp; can be used a few times before needing to be replaced. (Depending on what you are using them for)
 Consistently good quality!
 I like these gloves because it fits perfectly and i can use twice just to wash dishes , easy to put them on ..... and they delivered fast ....
 Caring for elderly
 They fit, they do their job, and they don't tear. What else can you want?
 As advertised
 These gloves are good. I wish they sold them by the case, so I don't have to order them so often.
 My aides really like your gloves and feel safe using them.
 some gloves rip easily others are ok
 I used them to wash dishes. Each time I found a pin hole in either the thumb or first finger. The second box, my thumb would pop through.
 Just what I expected!
 Very happy
 Just the right size for me.great product.
 Flexible and strong for the price.  Would buy again.
 Good quality.
 I loved the fact that they fit perfectly and make it feel like im not even wearing any gloves. also the fact that there is no powdery feeling and my hands dont feel chalky after usage is amazing
 Gloves are what we expected. Gloves work fine for general hand protection when working with wet/soiled undergarments. Arrived on-time.
 Great product &amp; very reasonable price. We (my family &amp; I) use the gloves daily for protecting our hands during cleaning, cooking, etc.
 good
 They work
 Great price, fast shipping, product was just a described. Would order again...fantastic deal!
 Great value, works perfectly to keep my hands from turning purple when I use my no yellow purple shampoo!
 I liked the fact they were easy to get on and fit as they should
 Exactly what I was lookin for, these are high quality gloves. Easy to order, they came in perfectly timed and the box of gloves intact. The seller has good follow up as well!!
 Used these while dealing with a rodent problem. The gloves are strong, fit really well, and felt safe while dealing with nasty stuff. Would buy again if needed.
 Easy to slide on<br/>I use pair every day around house kitchen food handling &amp; meal prep  also for cleanup wash  Dishes  chores etc
 good products
 Fits nicely, easy to use
 Nice product - fits as described and reasonably priced.
 Good gloves, they fit snugly and haven't broken at all. I use them to bathe my dog.
 They work great for my Cannabis trimming!! Ive never had one rip so 5 stars from me. Also little to no smell which is important for the quality of my cannabis.
 I love the fit.
 Received as ordered.  Thank you. My fingernails crack &amp; split easily so I’m trying these out while doing daily house cleaning etc. so far they hold up well.
 There is a nice amount of gloves considering the price which is good. However, when I received the box in the mail it was crushed.
 Good price. Gloves easy to put on and fit well.
 These gloves are easy to put on, do not tear when used for basic caretaker/nurse duties.  They are easy to peel off!
 Great buy for gloves. They are great for taking care of loved ones or doing projects. Fast shipping, good price, would buy again.
 Very good for using rubbing products
 perfect size perfect use
 I like them because they are resistant to the type of work I do, cleaning houses.
 Wonderful. Fast and efficient shipping, great price, good fit.
 I like the quality and the price of the gloves. I feel protected and safe from the transmission bacteria and body fluid from the patient as well as from me to the patient.
 Product worked well and I have had no issues.
 I love these. They're durable enough to keep household cleaning products off my pretty little hands.
 Very good!  (Love the color.)
 Quality as expected
 Bought these for home health aides that rotate at my grandmothers house . No complaints.
 It is as advertised.
 I’m a nail technician and these are so easy to puncture! I went through 4 sets of gloves for one pedicure service. They fit nicely but the durability just isn’t there.
 just right for the job
 This product was great quality and fast delivery. I needed to use these when I came home from the hospital after surgery.
 I love these gloves. They fit better than the one size fits most sizes.
 Gloves are perfect for cooking as well as other household tasks. They are excellent quality and arrive timely. I will continue ordering from this company.
 No complaints! They do the job for my Anatomy and Physiology lab.
 Durable and fits as expected!
 Great prpduct, great value.
 Great fit and quality.  thanks, thanks
 Extremely useful and did as expected, the only thing is that; the glooves fit is'nt the best.
 These are great gloves HOWEVER buy a size larger.  As a female in a hospital I always wore mediums.  These you need a large.
 GOOD PRICE AND BETTER THAN EXPENSIVE OTHER BRANDS.
 These are good gloves-work well for my mom's caregivers.
 I use for different purposes.  They work great !
 Perfect!
 Works and our custodian likes the fit.
 Perfecto me gusta
 Just as described
 The perfect fit and thickness
 I used this product mostly for general safety in organic chemistry lab. The gloves do a great job protecting my hands from the slightly unsafe chemicals we use in the lab.
 She said to order them again
 Love these gloves. They are very handy to have around the house for all different uses. Easy to put on and take off. They are also strong and durable.
 Kind of Thin for gloves. But works well enough to keep my hands covered. I feel like it could tear easily when I put them on
 Fits perfectly sbd doesn’t tear easily.
 Exactly what you expect.
 They hold up well.
 This was a positive experience.  Thank you.  Good product and excellent service.
 great cloves
 These gloves had a horrible odor. They are very thin and will rip easily. Very disappointed.
 I use these for cleaning and crafting. They do the job wonderfully.
 I use these gloves for gardening and cleaning the house. They do not tear easily so I do not have to change them often.
 Used for house chores and patient care. Does not leave residue or emit order with sweaty hands. Decent thickness. Good price.
 Great gloves for my mom’s caregiver. They “fit like a glove” and are very reasonably priced.
 I love these gloves, Thank You. Your service is great.
 These gloves have a awful  odor. I would have returned them but I was out of gloves and have eczema on my hands. Consequently I needed to use them. I won't buy again.
 I liked them well enough to order them a second time.
 they hold up well.
 I care for my Father who has dementia. I often have to change his adult diaper. These gloves kept the poop from touching my hands.
 I bought these gloves to use in my husband’s care. They are good quality and economical.
 good
 Great product that I use when I care for my dad who is recovering at home from a stroke. I will continue to purchase the product. I like that they are non powdered.
 Use these for so many things!
 They work well for what I  use them for. I am a medical aesthetician and I'm off and putting on and taking off gloves for hygiene reasons. It makes me happy.
 cheap enough that you can use them for everything!
 Its a great product and protects my hand from fuel and I recommend going a size up i.e. if your hand size is medium, go for large.
 Gloves slide on easy. Are durable.
 Excellent.  Love them.
 I used these gloves for much Ochem Lab class and they work great. I like that they are easy to put on unlike some gloves that take forever. Would buy again!
 Quality gloves for a reasonable price.
 The gloves were a great fit and very comfortable.
 They are exactly what they are supposed to be.
 Good fit, sturdy
 I got the gloves in exactly in time I needed them and for the price they are amazing!
 Very thick glove. Great for cleaning
 Gloves were good. I use them for artwork :)
 Good fit. Easy to put on and take off. Durable.
 Exactly what I was looking for!
 Lightweight gloves. Most latex gloves I recently purchased feel very heavy and can’t grasp anything with them. These are lightweight and are easy to use.
 Good
 They're fine.
 Perfect fit, overall great product
 Perfect just like the description!
 A little pricey, but good quality.
 They fit nicely, exactly as promised, received quickly.
 Good all purpose glove. For medical or cleaning, etc. Very sturdy..easy to put on.
 I liked that the gloves are latex-free. I used them to avoid getting hair dye on my hands.
 Very comfortable and durable for what they were being used for. Will definitely purchase again.
 I really like these gloves. This is the second time that I have ordered them. Great quality for the price. I definitely will be buying them again soon.
 Very nice...I would order them again.
 These are like the expensive ones I got at the drugstore. The price is excellent!
 Just what I was expecting
 I Love them. I recently had an allergic reaction to the gloves at my job and i bought these and they have been great.  no more problems
 Best gloves, great price and super quick delivery! Will be back soon to restock.
 These MedPride Powder-Free Nitrile Exam Gloves work great. They fit very well and are comfortable to wear.
 Very nice!
 Great buy - have to buy more soon
 These are great for caregiver use.
 Really good all purpose gloves. Fast service. Thank you.
 Great product... will definitely reorder
 I like to use these gloves when cleaning my apartment.  They protect my eyes from harsh cleaning products
 Love them
 Perfect fit, easy on, easy off, keeps your hands clean.
 Well suited for numerous uses. Food prep, cleaning, and miscellaneous household chores.
 They don’t rip and do the job
 Just as advertised
 I love that they fit my hands which are rather large for females. They are easy to put on and take off and handle all the cleaning without tearinf
 The gloves are exactly what I expected. I ordered a medium size fit and they fit just right on my hand. I'm a 5'5 145 lbs so an average size woman
 A very good glove for a good price.  I am a home caregiver and I use a lot of gloves.  These are the best I've found for the price.
 I use them for my son. Great quality and easy to take off. They do not stick with creams.
 Great product, fast shipping
 Excellent product
 I’m a housekeeper &amp; have tried different brands of gloves.  These are the best. I’ve been ordering from this seller for a while.<br/>Highly recommend.
 Nice thick gloves.  Fit was great!  Would recommend.
 Ordered these for resin 3d printing safety and they work great! They do not break easily and fit well.
 My hands are extremely sensitive and I don’t have any reaction to these! They fit great!
 best medical gloves
 The box arrived damaged.
 These gloves do the trick!
 Worked great for my wife. She is using them when making soap and bathbombs
 Product as described. Quick shipping. Gloves fit and I’ve had zero issues.
 These gloves met my needs.  I would certainly buy them again.
 Great product,  fast shipping.  Thank you
 They’re great!
 Very durable, nice fit on the hand.  Using mostly  to apply paint and glue.  Have not ripped a pair yet.
 My wife is a cashier and these gloves work perfect for her on her job.
 These gloves are easy to put on and comfortable.
 I use this for handling hazardous chemical items.  Work well.
 Good
 Gotta have em
 I love these gloves,they fit very well. They also came in a very timely manner. Thank you so much.
 Gloves are exactly as described! Good quality.
 They are sturdy well-fitting gloves. I can use them for multi purposes.
 I use the gloves when cleaning my house, doing dishes, and maintaining house plants. I like them because they are powder free and not bulky.
 great gloves.....fit well…great price for the product.....
 Great for butt-stuff.  Now if only these guys made sheets!
 I like them! They are good enough for just what I need.
 I use these gloves to apply epoxy to my handmade tumblers. They work perfect, don’t tear easily and keep my hands epoxy free!
 I use these to build plastic model kits since my hands get sweaty handling small pieces. Overall great product.
 Great gloves, use them all the time when giving injections.
 Excellent exam gloves;
 Perfect fit and comfortable.
 They work great not too thin and are true to size!
 Came fast and great fitting gloves with no smell nor powder on them.
 I like this product
 Love the gloves.  I use them while in the kitchen and when cleaning the house.  Exactly what you would expect.
 I use this product for graduate school cadaver
 Perfect for the project I needed them for.
 I use these for my chemistry lab and they have been working very well so far. Its also very affordable for the amount of gloves you get.
 Durable, dependable and good quality.
 Exactly what I expected. Great fit! And they keep my hands protected from sports cream.
 Easy to slip on, stay in place, economical enough for everyday use
 Perfect fit
 This is my second order.  It arrived timely and the gloves work just as they should, without issues.
 Very good product
 Delivered on time as committed. Quality of product was excellent.
 Product as described! Thanks
 It was exactly what it said it was and fit perfect and I received it quickly!
 Great
 Very thin and quite durable
 Arrived on time. Great price.
 Great gloves
 Good for cleaning.
 Box was delivered very very damaged :(
 Works for me. they don't rip
 They fit and are comfortable.
 good
 Great gloves and very easy to put on and take off
 I am a care giver and the gloves are easy and comfortable on.
 Great product.  Fits well
 thank you sturdy durable
 Comfortable fitting gloves. Will purchase again.
 These are high quality gloves that I use for either cleaning, or when cleaning poultry, or changing oil in a car.
 These are my gloves of choice for my workplace!
 Great gloves for a good value! Have been using them around the house. Don’t break easily. Will probably buy again!
 Perfect for taking care of my patient at home.
 Product is good and as expected and as described by seller
 I do nails and needed gloves that wouldn’t melt when I use acetone, these are perfect
 They tear as soon as you put them on.. would not recommend this product
 the box was opened when it's arrived but the actual glove inside is good to use... i use it for my school lab...
 The caregivers for my mother use these several times each day and are very pleased with this product.  Keep up the great work!
 I like how they go on easy and the feel while having them on.  This is my third box.
 They work great. I use them I  the kitchen, when handling food. They also work well for cleaning, and first-aid.
 They are a little thin but work for what i need them for.
 Bought for my daughter for Anatomy class. Great quality!
 Just what we needed around the house.
 Perfect to have on hand in the kitchen.
 Feels smaller than other medium size gloves I’ve purchased.I use them for general cleanup to protect my hands.
 As advertised. Fit and thickness excellent.
 Better than expected
 Disposable gloves for a good price. Quick shipping too.
 Just as described.
 I’m very happy with the gloves, they are extremely durable and fit as I expected.
 Perfect for around the house projects..
 Easy to put on. Plenty strong.
 Strong, sturdy gloves. Used for cleaning.
 Good product
 The gloves are used by my nurses with no problems. When I run low, I reorder again.
 exactly as described. was satisfied with my purchase.
 Use these for cleaning with acetone, they work great!
 They rip easily while putting them on. But overall I think they’re a good product.
 Great job thanks
 The gloves are durable and easy to put on and take off.<br/>Will order again!
 I use these when processing chickens and turkeys  on our farm. They work great. Will buy again next year!
 The gloves fit well, go on well, and seem to be strong enough for the work I'm doing, cutting up and gutting jalepenos!
 I am a RN and this product met the same standards of the gloves I use at work.  Thank you!
 Excelent product this gloves are super strong I’m using for some heavy works
 These gloves fit well and were exactly what I was looking for.
 Great value, quality and price point.
 Works as expected and fairly durable
 Love the color. I use them all of the time.
 Durable
 Exactly what I needed. Fast shipping.
 I needed these nitrile gloves for my Chem lab and they were perfect. The sizing was good and would definitely recommend!
 I like them
 Perfect for household chores including cleaning up baby diaper blow outs!
 Items are as described.
 GREAT
 They fit perfect. Use them daily!
 I use this product for cleaning around the use and for handling meat during food prep.
 My caregiver used them to care for me and for general cleaning around the house. I would certainly recommend them.
 Nice product.
 The gloves are dry rotted. As soon as I put them on. They popped.
 It does what it supposed to do. Good product.
 served its purpose, liked the color too
 The product was good, was exactly what I was looking for. Would definitely recommend this product.
 I like the products. They fit me well.  I can use them for many purpose when I do household work as a housewife.
 Nitrile Gloves, work well to keep messes off my fingers.
 Thin, not easily broken, no smell, good for microblading
 They’re just fine
 This product is equal to or superior to similar products at a more expensive price.
 Great
 I am very pleased with these gloves and have purchased them several times. I will purchase them in the future.
 My aides used them when my husband was home from Rehab from a stroke.
 Good quality, great value. They fit well and are easy to take out of the box without sticking to other gloves.
 It is not sticky when it gets wet...This a good thing for working...
 They are strong and durable.
 Great fit for my small hands
 Solid gloves, exactly what was expected.
 These gloves fit comfortably, not too tight, they don't pinch or stick. Easy to remove. Just the thing
 Great quality for my cleaning needs.  They do run small.
 We use the gloves for food preparation (garlic, Jalapenos, etc) and any medical requirements.
 I used these mainly for cleaning and for changing wound dressings. Good product
 Easy to put on. Wear well!
 Works well but it could be a better fit and does rip easily.
 As advertised. Great!
 Good quality
 I use these when handling raw meat.
 I use this product when I apply soft tissue therapies similar to massage and work great for that purpose.
 I use multiple pairs of gloves for work daily and these were a perfect fit and great price.
 Great gloves, great price, Walgreens sells 40 pairs for $16 bucks, best to order these
 Smooth, easy to put on, and durable.
 gloves for school supplies
 Good gloves
 Product arrived on time and as expected
 Really great product.  Will buy again for sure!
 Excellent product. Would recommend to everyone!
 Excellent
 Very good quality, I recommend it.
 Fabulous gloves, quick shipping, will be back.
 I am very pleased with these gloves. They are very durable and good quality especially for the price.
 Very good gloves, really serves its purpose.  I will most definitely order them again.
 Great gloves!
 Great fit and the perfect thickness
 As advertised. Love these, and the seller was awesome. Will order again
 The gloves very good to use. Nice fit, no tear with nails
 They were exactly what I was looking for! Easy transaction, quick shipping. Perfect!
 Great product!
 Fit perfectly.  Nice!!  I would highly recommend!!
 great quality ! Fits perfectly and doesn't rip or get in the way
 Accurate and fast
 These gloves are easy to use.
 Arrived on time and was just what i needed
 Exactly  what I needed! Fast service  too!
 Everything was great.Good prices and fast shipping.Thank You
 I use these for weeding, and other quick yard work tasks. Easy to dispose of, to avoid poison ivy!
 same as described.
 Good for those who have allergies to latex and powder.
 Great product
 They are great
 I really liked this product the gloves were easy to put on and very comfortable.
 YES
 Great gloves for all my needs
 Great gloves. Perfect fit
 Awesome product!!  Will order again!!!
 Very sturdy - they don't tear when putting them, on like others I've had. The fit is perfect.
 Great glove for cleaning, dishes, etc.
 Great product. However, I’d give it a 4.5 if I could because about 1 out of every 10 gloves tears when I try to put it on.
 The whole family uses these gloves and they work well for a variety of sizes of hands.
 Glove texture feels great, they also don't rip easily. I will definitely be ordering again:)
 Gift to nurse
 These gloves are great!
 Purchased these a few times now. Solid product, great fit, even better price.
 Product is as described.  Great fit.
 They were the perfect size and shape and exactly what I needed.
 Product was as advertised and received quickly. Would buy again
 Great price and great fit. I’m really please with these gloves.
 These gloves are great quality! Nice &amp; thick. They fit perfect.
 Excellent product for a great price.
 The seller provided prompt delivery and gloves are as expected.
 Made with durable material and fast shipping.  I recommend it.
 Every single glove ripped within 5 minutes of wearing them in Anatomy lab! DO NOT BUY THESE!!!
 I use these in the home when doing any medical or dirty work, very convenient and durable
 Excellent product.  Would definitely recommend.
 I needed them to dress a wound and  protect my hands. They fit well and are very good for my purpose
 Item delivered on time and performed as promoted.
 I love these gloves! They don’t slip and are very, very durable. I buy all of my gloves from this vendor!
 I’m an Esthetician and use gloves for sanitary reasons during procedures.
