 Very good for an inexpensive Add-On item.<br/>Much stiffer than standard weight-<br/>Takes ink well - not as crisp as smooth card stock but totally fine for notes, lists, flash cards, etc.<br/>Ball point and gel had no bleed through or visibility from back side.<br/>Sharpies (fine and ultra fine) visible from back side, fine more so than ultra fine. This cost a star.<br/>Definitely a buy again item.<br/>Now I need them in a grid pattern!
 it's grouped with the 1 and 3 pack heavy weight notecards, BUT THESE are not heavy weight. Yes, it does seem inconsequential, but I use these for calligraphy and bleeding ink ruins the entire thing
 Exactly what I needed and expected for a fair price. So much easier than fighting back to school crowds!
 I was looking for some heavy weight index cards. These are ok but seem to me like what you traditinally expect from index cards. I would call them medium weight. Much better, however, than the cheap thin cards I got at America's largest discount chain.
 These index cards and wonderfully thick and heavy. Lately all I can find in the stores are the thin cards. I purchased two packs so far and I know I'll be back for more...
 Index cards don't seem as sturdy as they used to, but they're still stiffer than using paper.<br/>I don't know why, but I always think it's fun to write on them.<br/>Make mini books.<br/>Make mini recipe books.<br/>They go through some printers, too.
 So nice to be able to buy heavy stock 3x5 cards. The ones in the stores have become cheap and flimsy over the years. These cards are durable, and well worth the price.
 Studying for a cert exam, I ran out of cards. So when I got these from amazon I had the others from Walgreens to compare them to while I studied. These are thinner. But they got the job done.
 Nice! These are actually heavy weight. It seems like most of the index cards you can buy at the store are really index papers; they're so flimsy that they don't retain a shape. These definitely do!
 First I gave a 1 star review cause my package wasn’t delivered even though Amazon told me it is. Turns out the postman made a mistake with house numbers.  I was happy to find that cards are exactly how I want them to be. They are thick enough and have lines to write on. Not sure how would it work with sharpie.
 ok so these are only 3x5 cards but they are super thick and sturdy.  Nice to write on too.
 Saved me a trip to the store, as advertised they're 3x5 note cards and got the job done for my son's project
 These are about twice the thickness of a regular card.  I didn't know that is what I ordered, but I am very happy with them.  They are much sturdier and I recommend them.
 There’s only lines on the front of the notecards, so if you like to use the back, be prepared for that.
 These cards are very useful for all manner of notes, tags, etc. They hold typical ballpoint pen ink very well, and are not too flimsy.
 These are much sturdier than regular index cards. Perfect to use as note cards for a speech.
 I use these over Post-Its now. I find it keeps my desk less cluttered. And I still use some Posties. But all Posties all over the place is ugly.
 A typical card. Well cut and made. I will be ordering more soon
 Its so convient being able to buy on line and find quality products at a reasonable price.
 A little on the thin side,but adequate
 They are fine if you’re not using permanent markers and anything that bleeds through paper easily.  These are pretty thin.  I usually like thick index cards but these get the job done if your just using regular pens.
 nice index cards.  Always need them and these are great.
 Like the heavy weight. Hard to find an index cards.
 Excellent quality. These are thick cards that hold up well, unlike some office supply brands whose index cards are a light card stock
 Ordinary index cards for a good price.
 I mean -  they're exactly what I needed and they were the right price. No frills note cards. Thanks, Amazon!
 They're exactly the same as more expensive versions in every way.  Same stock, same lines.
 Used these for my college course. Came just as shown and promptly on time. Gotta love flash cards!
 Seem to be good quality and will serve their purpose to get me through Biochemistry and Statistics.
 Not quite as thick as some, but great price
 Back to school shopping! Would buy again!
 As advertised it’s exactly how it looks
 Nice weight, but not exceedingly so from the plain old index cards you get for .50.
 As advertised
 Lined on one side, blank on the other.
 school is not over this year and getting supplies for next year
 These are quality index cards, great deal!
 These index cards work beautifully as index cards!
 Great
 Works
 Not as thick as I thought but they are not flimsy. Easy to store and handy to use.
 I use these in my work and they are tuff and stand up to my abuse very good cards<br/><br/>R.Ketterer
 ok
 Inexpensive filler item. Perfect for handwritten notes around the house.
 Good sturdy ruled cards that I bought to make flash cards with.
 Nice
 Good cards not thin.
 It is note cards
 Is what it is.
 Nice, heavy card stock which is what we wanted for my son's project.
 I mean how can you mess up index cards LOL
 WORKS FINE
 Great products
 its paper does its job
 Very thin!
 its paper
 Work great .
 Nice index card, will order again when needed.
 Great item.
 As advertised!
 Delivered on time and as expected
 Great quality. Nice and thick.
 Price much better here than in stores !
 School stuff
 basic notecards
 Great
 As expected. No issues.
 great for study
 Good quality - good price
 Arrived quickly. Just as advertised.
 Little expensive, but worth it if you don't have a walmart nearby to pick something like this up.
 As bland and boring as I expected
 These are thicker than most index cards I'm used to; great quality for a great price! These index cards will definitely last longer than other index cards I currently have.
 These cards are good. They are lined on one side. But they aren’t as thick as standard cardstock, just a little heavier weight than reguler paper.
 Good for the price
 Thin yet works okay.
 Heavy weight, perfect for what I need them for.
 My son had no problem using the cards..
 Loved it
 Great quality and even better price!
 The  Index Cards is good,i love white color.thank you seller
 Great cards.These flash cards do the job but are very thin, almost like regular copy paper.
 Standard index cards.
 When the goods are received, the bag is empty.
 Good quality
 I Ordered 2 but only 1 showed up here but the order came on time
 Did the job
 Very heavy and good quality
 Right product wrong size , This was my mistake for not making sure I order the right size.
 disappointed there are not ruled on both sides. They are pretty flimsy to.
 School supplies
 These are NOT "Heavy Weight Index Cards." I realized  when they arrived that they are useless for my purposes, and I put them in the bag for things that go to Goodwill. I wasn't planning to write a review, because I'm short of time. However when I see that Amazon has labeled these ridiculous pieces of paper as “Heavy Weight Index Cards” that gets me angry enough to sit down and share my thoughts.<br/><br/>Amazon, I really need index cards!!!  I am willing to pay extra for real index cards!!!  I cannot use 3 x 5 nicely printed pieces of paper!!!<br/><br/>I am surprised and dismayed to realize that such a standard item, something I rely on, can just disappear from the supply chain.<br/><br/>If I’d read a few of the negative reviews on this item, I would have realized Amazon is just selling 3 x 5 pieces of paper and I wouldn't have placed my order.  However, since I was in a hurry, and the headline said "Heavy Weight Index Cards," I expected to get something that would be usable as an index card. Silly me!<br/><br/>I see that one of the other reviews praises Mead index cards, and I will give them a try.
 I'm a writer and writing on index cards is my preferred method of organizing dramatic events (to organize into the proper order at a later date on my "Beautiful MInd Wall"). These have the standard lines with a red line at the top but if you want no lines simply use the back (I occasionally use the back side to draw sketches of scenes or make visual notes). These are very typical in weight and paper color and are a great price.
 I don't know precisely when 'classic' 3 x 5 inch index cards gave way to their supersized 4 x 6 and 5 x 8 descendants.<br/>But for me 3 x 5 will always rule although it's been a long time since I needed to crib notes for a talk or test or manage my personal forerunner to a Rolodex inside those metal-lidded containers!<br/><br/>Long before Post-It's and white boards, pinning index cards to cork boards was the height of Presentation Chic. And old Mac fans won't have to be reminded what the 'card' in HyperCard was inspired by.<br/><br/>The red header line and blue rows are exactly as I remember them and the stock is just as thick.<br/><br/>Bottom Line: Admittedly, these days I'm more likely to cut these up 'business card-size' and use them for bookmarks.<br/>But then again, I just might whip out a handful at my next planning meeting and watch the jaws of my under-35 colleagues drop!
 The 100 count and 300 count options are the 'heavy' stock, which is very nice. The 1000 count switches into the light stock, which, while still an index card, is floppy garbage. Of which I now have 1000. As opposed to the 1000 heavy stock that I was expecting.
 Amazon Basics has been offering some really great products. These are your typical, very sturdy, ruled index cards. I use index cards  A LOT. I'm a fulltime nationally performing comic ventriloquist. I ALWAYS use index cards in my corporate or customized private party shows, jotting down a key word to help me remember a point. I also use them in rehearsals and often as  daily Things to Do note. These are VERY good compared to other index cards..as good or I think better. Where amazon needs to adjust it is to offer a three or four pack order at a big discount. Right now the office supply and discount stores offer these cards a bit cheaper than on the amazon version. On the other hand,with my schedule I really try to avoid making special trips to stores and order a lot of what I use (food, cosmetics, soap, etc) on Amazon. But a four or six pack at a significant discount would make this an even bigger winner.
 These are your basic white index cards. We use them for flash cards, they work well. Nice weight to them, not too thin. Lined back is nice so you can have your definitions written straight if using as flash cards. Not much else to say about them.
 So my broke ass doesn't wanna go out of my room to go get my box of tissues. So i'm like wont index cards work too. These seemed to work pretty well as napkins but as tissues, they are completely dysfunctional.
 I sometimes teach children's yoga and I find it easier to have a class plan outlined on the index card.  This can be particularly helpful when I teach multiple classes in a single day.  Helps me focus and I can quickly remind myself of the lesson plan.  Sometimes I write up sequence, sometimes, I write up the theme of the class, sometimes it is just a quote I wish to share with my students during the meditation.  One can "recycle" the index card over time.  It eventually becomes a time saver and for me time to prepare for the class is greatly reduced.<br/><br/>I also like to use these cards as a book mark when I read books.  It helps me use the index card to write down part of the book or a quote I can use later.  These cards I store in my journal.
 These are great, basic index cards. Nothing special, just plain, ruled index cards. That's exactly what you wanted, wasn't it? You don't need fancy. Perfect for use as recipe cards, homemade flash cards, taking notes, whatever.
 These ruled index cards are useful for whatever purpose anyone needs. I like them for shopping lists and reminders. In the name of the cards and on the product page, the descriptions say heavy weight. In my opinion they seem to be lighter weight than the old yellow ones I've been using. It may be good that they are lighter because they seem to consume less space in the card holder. If someone uses them for speech notes, the cards will take up less space in a pocket.
 Sturdier Than Most<br/><br/>I'm a teacher who uses these cards for homemade flash cards which I laminate and memory rings of numbers and alphabet letters. They hold up well.
 These are high quality index cards. I'm using mine presently for a writing project and couldn't be happier with them (unless of course they could do some of the research for me).
 In this digital age, many people think that such basic learning tools as 3x5 cards are becoming unnecessary but the reality is that there is still no better way to gather extraneous bits of information and manipulate it. In my career, I work with database and the maintenance and manipulation of data. In addition, I spend a lot of my free time doing genealogical research and I still I still find myself jotting down miscellaneous pieces of information until I figure out where they fit.
 I buy index cards often - in fact, I've bought them for years and years. It's my preferred method of jotting down notes, ideas, bullet point listings etc...I can toss them away later or keep on file. These are pretty standard - and like most index cards, comes down to price. Since I typically purchase in packs of ten, the price of this leaves a lot to be desired. Hopefully Amazon will create multi-packs in a more affordable option. Good cards, not so good price at this point.
 The paper is quite thin and flimsy for notecards.
 The AmazonBasics ruled index cards look and feel like the real thing :) I've only ever used index cards as study aids and these are fine for that purpose. If you use a dark marker, like a Sharpie, you can see through them from the other side, so I'd suggest using something lighter if that's an issue.
 Great index cards. Perfect for when you need to study flash cards on vocabulary or etc.
 Index cards, what else is there to say. They work
 Definitely not heavyweight like the name says. Super thin. Easily bendable. If i would've known they were like this, i would've gone for a different brand.
 They Worked good for a week or two it's a shame cause they are nice looking cables but they actually suck don't buy!!
 Nice timely delivery and as always the best part was I didn't have to go into a wal mart or staples........  : )  They are note cards.  What more can I say!
 These are heavier duty than today's thin cards.  More like old-fashioned index cards used to be.
 Great product no complaints
 Good size!  Very sturdy!
 They are index cards.
 Very usefulin office and study aid (flash cards).
 An index card is an index card. Good price
 Good quality, as advertised.
 Index cards. Plain and simple. Does the job!
 works
 they are index cards
 Nice
 work well.
 Sturdy cards at a good price
 solid cards at a great value!
 Index cards!
 as expected
 They are index cards... lol
 Paper is thick, which I like. They’re note cards!
 Thick and great quality for that price
 The AmazonBasics ruled index cards look and feel like what you normally get for your kid's school supplies. Perfect if you write with a pencil or standard pen... Every student's study companion, for the person who is obsessed with lists, or for the person who needs to categorize boxes... these index cards work.
 Nice 100 count pack of heavy weight ruled index cards.  They are a thick paper that will hold up to a lot of thumbing and use.  They have the standard ruling.
 I use a lot of index cards on a weekly basis.  They are my favored method to take notes and make lists.  This new card by Amazon Basics is just as great as other name brand index cards of the same size.  The card stock is an effective thickness, they are pleasant to write upon and the reverse is blank so you can use them as you need them.  The top line is red, just as they are in name brand varieties.  Most of the Amazon Basics items we've tried over the last few years have been great and I wouldn't hesitate to buy more of these cards.
 Liked these for recipes/kids activities.
 Pretty much your standard index card. Nice quality and value.
