 Maybe I'm being too critical, but I have been struggling with this story for a while now. Originally I was attracted to this novel by its never-before-told aspect along with its emphasis on Italy and the often-overlooked heroes within that country. I had previously read "From Sand and Ash" which first introduced me to this branch of WW2 history even though it was a completely fictitious story. I expected "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" to provide a more accurate account of a real-life person who had been involved in these events. Unfortunately, I have been incredibly disappointed.<br/><br/>First, let me say that regardless of how much of this is actually true (and I have my doubts), this fictionalized version of Pino Lella is so unrealistic. Essentially, he's a seventeen-year-old prodigy who can do no wrong. He is strong, clever, exceptionally skilled at pretty much anything he attempts, and he doesn't seem to have any real conflict with or animosity toward anyone (well, except the Nazis). He is quite possibly one of the most unrelatable characters that I've ever come across in a literary work. Just as ONE example, here is a future race car driver complimenting Pino on what a gifted driver he is, because of course he is:<br/><br/>"Pino allowed a mild smile. “You catch on fast. I wish I could have finished my driving lessons.” “You are already very, very good, Pino,” Ascari said. “You have the touch, the feel for the car that is rare.” Pino basked in the praise." p. 163 (Kindle edition)<br/><br/>Since all the attention is given to Pino and his amazing accomplishments, the supporting characters are extremely bland and indistinguishable. The only thing I really knew about each character was if they were "good" or "bad" (and this was primarily based on whether or not they were German).<br/><br/>Second, I was surprised by the simplicity of the writing. At times, the text reads like a middle-grade textbook as it lists off names, facts, and dates. The dialogues felt very stilted and occasionally only consisted of a couple of lines before ending abruptly. If it was going to be so concise, did there really need to be a dialogue at all?<br/><br/>While I normally get frustrated with authors who insist on including excessively detailed descriptions of the characters and their surroundings, this book had almost none. This made it hard for me to immerse myself in 1940s Italy. At first, I assumed that perhaps this author just doesn't care to spend a lot of time on superfluous descriptions. However, the passages about Pino hiking went on and on FOREVER! Here were the descriptions I wanted back when I was first introduced to the characters in Milan, but now they were unnecessarily lengthy and only focused on a single character and his "treacherous" hikes through the Alps.<br/><br/>Third, precious little in this book actually feels plausible or authentic. There are so many instances of characters (especially Pino) who just happen to be in the right place at the right time. The moment where this novel lost ALL credibility was when Pino, after almost single-handedly digging out from an avalanche, goes skiing with a pregnant woman clutching onto his back. This woman, who had been spotting blood only moments before and felt so weak she couldn't go on, lets out a "Wheeeeeeee" as they race downhill and then plays her violin for him after they reach safety. Ummmm, no. I've read historical fiction with completely fabricated characters and situations that have felt less fictional than this.<br/><br/>It grieves me so much - especially considering this is based upon real heroes - but I can neither continue this nor recommend it to others. If you've read it and know that it gets better, let me know and I may give it another shot. But for now, I'm done.
 The front and back cover are lovely. The blurb is fantastic but that is where it ends. Boring beginning, stilted dialogue, a hero who is too good to be true contributed to my not finishing this book. I think book quality has spiraled down recently and this is a prime example.  Some sentences were incomplete, not grammatically correct and read like middle grade adolescent fiction. I could not get interested enough to read it after perhaps 25%. When I want to read entertaining World War 2 fiction I’ll take out my old Ken Follett books. One thing he always did which makes his books believable is he made his characters human, even the bad ones.
 I love historical fiction. I have been reading a lot of WWII historical books lately. I was not really wanting to read 'another' one. But, we were traveling to Milan, and this true story took place in Milan. So, I bought it, and started reading it a few days before the trip. Once we were in our hotel on the street Corso Matteotti, I was amazed to find out that Pino Lella grew up in that area and at onetime lived on that very street! A very well written book. A very amazing life Pino lived. I did not know that Milan was affected so much by WWII.  I definitely recommend it. Pictures are of the church San Bbila - the neighborhood where Pino grew up, and of where his parent's purse shop and his uncle's leather shop used to be.
 Very poorly written with countless impossible and eyeroll-worthy sequences of events.  I was tempted to give it 3 stars only in the hope that someone on the fence would come across my review and treat it as more valid.  Absolutely no character development and minimal association with actual history.  I don't typically take the time to review anything but given the billions of 5-star reviews this book somehow has, I felt the need.  I'm stopping a third of the way through and going back to non-fiction.
 I'm flummoxed to see so large a population of 4 and 5 star reviews. I have the audio book and I have to say the story seems written by about a 16-year-old for an 8-year-old audience. The storytelling and the dialog between characters is sophomoric; the characters are mere cutouts with no texture, rhyme or reason.<br/><br/>I finished about a third of the story and don't plan to listen to it further. Boring and simplistic, not literature at all.<br/><br/>And, to be clear, this is a work of fiction. Pure and simple. It is fiction. “Based in a true story” perhaps, but since the author invented events and dialogue we will never know how much of it is fact-based.
 I've read nearly every word Mark Sullivan has ever published - so I can say with authority that this work, Beneath a Scarlet Sky, stands as the ultimate fusion of his Pulitzer-nominated journalistic skills and his mastery of the thriller genre, which he's honed at the keyboard he sometimes shares with James Patterson.  He takes us deep inside the love story of his discovery, the unknown hero, Pino Lella, and he crafts an epic tale set against the backdrop of Nazi-occupied Milan and the Italian Alps during World War II that is as intimate and tragic as it is thought-provoking and triumphant.  Every page, every step crackles.  Each twist, rooted in years of first-class reporting, shocks you anew.  Through Sullivan's gripping cast of characters, the unreality and brutality of war meets its match in the guts and wits and soul of Pino Lella, his family, his friends and cohorts.  This heretofore untold story has been etched in my heart and mind with a telling that is equally cinematic and literary.  With this, perhaps his masterwork, Sullivan has reached a pinnacle in storytelling - and readers everywhere, like me, will be better for living it through his words.  Of course, it is Pino Lella we must also praise and thank - for what he did with his young life, his uncommon bravery, his story and letting Sullivan share it with us.  I wish I could read it again for the first time.
 A Kindle First selection that is masterfully written with complex characters and heart-pounding scenes.  It takes place in Italy -'the forgotten front'- during WW II and the reader is drawn into a web of intrigue.  Pino Lello, 17 years of age, is wise beyond his years and intelligent, as well.  It is a gripping story of resilience, the indomitable spirit of a young man that knew no boundaries and courage that sustained him during dark hours.<br/><br/>When reading the first portion, I was wondering if (and how) this intense pace would continue.  The climbing scenes through the mountains gave me a real shot of adrenaline.  I felt as though I was one of the climbers and not a reader.  This is also when the echoes of 'Nessun Dorma' were played with such passion.  For me, this is one of the underlying themes in the story - 'none shall sleep'.  And, Pino Lello has taken that to heart for the remainder of this story.<br/><br/>The action intensified throughout the remainder of the book, and one is allowed a rare glimpse into the mind of Il Duce  - Benito Mussolini - plus the inner workings of the German High Command.  Becoming a driver for Major General Hans Leyer allows Pino access to a man that is two steps from the Fuhrer.  Pino Lello witnesses atrocities he wishes he could forget but keeps soldiering on...wisely...<br/><br/>Just a gripping and harrowing Kindle First selection which I feel is the best one I have read.  Full of action and suspense which will keep you on the edge of your seat for the duration.<br/><br/>Most highly recommended.<br/><br/>Please note that this is my Kindle First selection for April 2017.
 After chapter 4 I quit reading. I thought perhaps I was missing something or that maybe I needed an attitude adjustment considering the book is based on a true story. The reviews are exceptional, what’s wrong with me that I can’t get into it? Than I read some of the negative reviews and realized I felt much like others did about this book. I will not continue to read.
 I simply don't understand all the 4- and 5-star ratings for this book. The overall arc of the story is compelling. Pino definitely seems courageous. Leading Jewish refugees from Italy to Switzerland through the mountains is impressive and brave. But too much of his story seems highly dubious. Consider:<br/>1. A very high ranking German general in a war zone uses an Italian boy (sorry... 18 YO makes you a boy) as a personal chauffeur without ongoing checks of his background and activities? What kind of OPSEC is that?<br/>2. An 18 YO who's never left Milan knows French and English well enough that he can serve as a translator for high level wartime and diplomatic discussions?<br/>3. An 18 YO who's had a few driving lessons and he's somehow able to dodge a strafing Spitfire in a Daimler G4?<br/>4. An 18 YO who hasn't played the drums in a year and he's able to play like Gene Krupa at a GI party?<br/><br/>Aside from the mostly compelling story line, the writing is terrible. The whole book comes across as a cartoon or comic book. I found the relationship between Anna and Pino to be described at a chaste, high-school level. I give the book 2-stars because it held my interest to the end and it did give me a good sense of what wartime Italy must have been like. But the wooden prose and "Forrest Gump" coincidences significantly detracted from my enjoyment. Recommended with a lot of reservations. (For poor writing and unbelievable exploits by an 18 YO boy.)
 I cannot add more to the excellent reviews previously posted other than to say I read this book in one sitting not being able to put it down until 4:00 AM!  It gripped me emotionally and I'm still thinking about it the next day.  Rarely does even a good book have the depth and character development than this one did.  I will be looking for more from this amazing author!
 The plot is based on the events happening to Pino Lella, an eighteen years old Milanese boy, in between 1943 to 1945, during the nazy occupation of northern Italy. The first part of the book is fully credible, as Pino, his brother Mimo and 40 other young boys are sent by his parents to Casa Alpina, a Catholic retreat and school at the foot of the Italians alps, to scape the allied bombing of Milan. The Catholic church has set an escape route into Switzerland, around  The Groppera peak, to smuggle Jews, refugees and down allied pilots out of the Nazi's hands. During the course of several months in 1943, Pino leads a score of people into Switzerland, risking his life to do it. But he's turning eighteen, and subject to the mandatory draft, and his parents have devised a scheme to prevent him from being sent to the Russian front. He enrolls Organization Todt, a Nazi Corp in charge of building infrastructure. And here is where an endless string of coincidences start happening to Pino, beginning with his chance encounter with General Leyers, the second most powerful Nazi on Italy. Pino becomes Leyers' driver, and through his eyes, we learn about all the Nazi atrocities and the allied advances to liberate northern Italy. No question the first part of the book must be true, but so many coincidences happen to Pino, several on a single day on various occasions, that is hard to believe all the rest of the story really happened the way is told by the author. The book is worth reading and it is in kindle unlimited.
 This was a rare instance of giving up on a book before finishing it.  I was bored to tears by the repetition.
 Look, I read books. By today's standards, I read a LOT of books. This book is top notch, first drawer, numero uno. It is a fictionalized story about a real-life experience.  The story of Pino Lella, his friends and family and their survival and eventual participation during WWII in Italy. I have read MANY books about WWII; it was a field of study in college for me. I want to say this was the most human, the most heartfelt book about the subject I have read. The author made me feel the participant's pain and heartbreak. Their fears and worriment. It was very well written. I did not want to put it down. I kept saying, "Well, it's after midnight, but just one more chapter," as my wife pleaded with me to turn out the light and come to bed. Pino starts off as a carefree teenager but ends up a saddened 18-year-old. At first, war has not treated Milan, Italy too harshly. But after the Italian army capitulates, a small band of Mussolini's thugs take up an exile government after Mussolini is "sprung" from prison. Pino sees horrors of war, and his parents, fearing for his safety send him away to Casa Alpina. There, he helps the priest save people...mostly Jews...by getting them to safety in Switzerland. Then the Allies step up their assault on Italy. The Germans prepare to defend Italy, becoming more and more cruel to the Italian people by the day. As Pino approaches his 18th birthday, his parents (fearing mandatory conscription) insist he join the German "Organization Todt;" a company that builds things. He goes through training and is in the German army. Injured during an air raid, he is made a driver for the General in charge of Italy. His Uncle recruits him as a spy. No one may know, to keep him safe. For many months he spies. As luck would have it, the General's maid is a woman he had met in Milan. They fall in love...but they are star-crossed lovers. War is a cruel and ugly thing. Pino's life is changed forever by this war. He never completely recovers...like many victims of war. Some of the negative reviews are ludicrous. The author wrote this book after a period of personal hardship. Some reviewers had the gall to belittle his writing skills. Well, Mark is the writing partner of James Patterson...so I think that speaks for itself. Ignore those people...by doing so, you will reward yourself by reading a great story. I've read thousands of books. I'd put this in the top ten EASILY. Thank you, Mark. You have given your readers a part of your soul by writing this book.
 Worth reading, but be prepared for somewhat of a confusing mix of true story and novel writing. To me that was the biggest problem, not knowing what was actually the real true story as lived by a teen named Pino and what was artistic license taken by author. He does post a warning of sorts at the opening that he used some freedom and liberties in the telling, retelling from actual events by the main character, and filling in holes with his own/writers words or interpretations.<br/>It is a good story of events during the last two years of WWII in Italy, most of it and is focused primarily in northern Italy, Milano and surrounding areas. As such it is a very limited piece of WWII history of Italy because it reads more like a love story which happens during the last and worst two years during the war. It felt like the actual teller of this story Pino is giving us an adolescent view into that first need for  the love of a woman, even though it was just a fantasy at first, and his experiences of life from the perspective of a teenager and that in his telling he left too much to the author to fill in. There are however several important characters in this story that cannot be overlooked, important to WWII history and the horrors of the Nazi and the fascists. Since the story is actually being told by a teenager it is rather difficult to accept as historical.  Unfortunately one of the main and historically important characters, Genaral Leyers  for one, we know very little of and that little is rather confusing and unfinished. Sullivan finished the story leaving us hanging with so many unanswered questions, which he tried to rectify with an addendum with some rather sketchy information pertaining to general Leyers. In my opinion there is not enough informaion given to finish the story. The whole story which features Leyers prominently, is such a disappointed because the truth, the history, is not being clarified. It's sort of a muddled ending leaving the reader puzzled. It would seem to me, that some good investigating should have brought the truth to the surface and given the book a believable ending.  all that the top Nazis did during the war is never something just mentioned in passing. Pino and Leyers were intimately involved throughout the story, and by Pino's telling, which is the story here, General Leyers did atrocious acts and gave orders for slavery and the horrendous mistreatment of these slaves or prisoners, just to mention one atrocity. That is historically important facts but unfortunately are only touched upon in the book. General Leyers was arrested, but then under confusing circumstances is shipped across the borders of Italy, presumably into freedom of Austrian border carrying a heave briefcase which supposedly contained gold billions he had stolen. Then he suddenly is imprisoned with war  criminal prison, was also handled by a court, not Nuremberg, and released after only 23 months. Nothing is told us about details of trial, records from his incarceration, why he was released at all when Pino made such a credible witness against him. Pino was his driver and translator and even allowed in the generals home to co-mingle with their maid who was his love interests. So there is supposedly plenty of witnessed horror as told in  the story but nobody asked this young man about this war criminal?<br/>My final conclusion to what I gained from this story is not so much a WWII horror story involving a Nazi war criminal, but a love story between a very young and inexperienced teen and a mature woman, which was mostly a fantasy for the boy but over the course of the story and his persistence turns into  real but sweet young love during  the last two years of WWII in northern Italy. During those two years we are traveling along with a very immature teen through his life experiences. Part of that experience i s his becoming the driver and translator for the Nazi General Leyers.<br/>I guess I am most disappointed in the lack of facts, historical facts, which are not followed through to a believable conclusion. Without that conclusion all we have is a love story which isn't exactly history making,  True, this love story unfolds in the middle of life during the final two years of WWII in Italy. In spite of the story touching on the atrocities committed by Nazi and Fashist factions it's still a teen love story. Anything else is simply left unfinished, unresolved and left me confused and very let down.<br/>I still think this could be a fantastic piece of previously uncovered WWII history of great importance if only Sullivan had done more investigative work and less memoirs, had actually finished the work.<br/><br/>Other than that I found the writing somewhat tediously detailed, especially trying to explain locations in Italy, like trying to write a map with words. Including a map of Italy would have made it so much more visual and less wordy.
 This is a book of mostly romance,  the war takes second place.  The historical inaccuracies bother me. Here's just two of them: he has backhoes digging out the Brenner pass, even though backhoes weren't even invented until 1947. The protagonist is Pino driving the general all over Italy,  all alone. Such a high ranking official would always have two motorcycles  escort him, and a car full of bodyguards behind him.  After the 1942 assassination of Reinhard Heydrich, all top officers were acutely aware of their vulnerability.
 Sometimes reviews can be deceiving.  5 star reviews are for books of "All the Light We Cannot See" caliber, not this book, which bored me instantly. I couldn't get past the first few pages, literally.  Off it went to Goodwill. To each their own, but it would help if reviewers would give their age and other books they've liked to give prospective purchasers some context.
 I find it hard to believe I am so far "out of line" with my rating this book. Look at all those 4 and 5 stars! A few chapters in I had to check and see if I picked up a "young adult" novel by mistake as the writing is so simplistic. Interesting story, believing it to be true is a bit of a stretch, but it does move along and hits all the high and low notes of the period. Actually learned a bit about WW II in Italy that I did not know before so not a total waste of time.
 One of the worst-written books I<br/> have tried to read in years.  Adolescent.  And that would be hard to do with such a serious subject.  After a page or two I wondered what is going on, with all those 5 star ratings.  Into the trash with this one.  Like's too short to read drivel.  My new motto: Always read the sample before buying.
 I have heard and read stories from the aftermath or World War II. My father was at the push to liberate France.  What the young man in this story accomplished in that war, his bravery, pain, and his silence for so many years will stay with me forever.<br/><br/>The author of this book did me a favor in describing the true heroes of the that war few will ever know about.  My father maintained silence for decades as did many other veterans because of the atrocities.  This book is a call to all of us here and now to truly appreciate the freedoms we have because of so many who gave everything they had to end that war.  An amazing story recounted by a truly gifted author.
 I ordered this book more than a year ago but didn't pick it up because i've read many WWII books in recent months and wasn't up to another one.<br/>WWII Italy is often a neglected subject because for many authors it is easier to write about WWII in France or England.<br/>I think this is due to the fact that the Italian people sided with evil in the begining and only became victims much later.<br/>When Italy surrendered to the allies, England and France were at war with Nazi Germany for four long and punishing years.<br/>Naturally, because of the raving reviewes i knew i'd pick this book sooner than later.<br/>I have several issues with this book:<br/>1. It reads more like a newspaper article (a long one at that- it is a 526 pages book). There are dates, events, descriptions, but not enough prose. It gives a good chronological sense, but remains wooden.<br/>2. The main character, Pino Lella, comes across as a man who always thinks about god's plan for him, looking for god's sign for him. For me, his theologic thoughts were tedious. It read a bit like a missionary book.<br/>3. Other characters were one dimensional as well. There is no character development. Only events are described one after the other.<br/>4. Some coincidences are too unbelivable. Everywhere he goes, he meets someone crucial to the story. He experiences all the events first hand, which is kinda incredible...<br/>All in all, it is recommeded for a history student. It reads like a YA novel.<br/>For a more serious read about WWII Italy, i would recommed:<br/>The Light in the Ruins by Chris Bohjalian<br/>A Thread of Grace by Mary Doria Russell<br/>Villa Triste by Lucretia Grindle
 I really wanted to really like this book. The reviews seemed to suggest I would be blown away but not so. Nothing takes away from the experiences of the subject - if the story is true (and there is no reason to believe otherwise) then the man is truly a hero. However the writing style leaves a lot to be desired. The story is told in a rushed and flat narrative fashion and the characters are poorly developed and a little two dimensional. Principal characters appear and disappear with little or no back-story so we really don't come to understand or care about them. Many of the traumatic events described should be gut wrenching but instead have an air of cliche. The book raises a lot of ideas and questions about love, loyalty, betrayal etc. in extreme times and fails to explore them. Given there is so much interaction with real people and historical figures this results in an unfortunate 'Forrest Gump" feel. Also the story of WWII in Italy is little known and understood - if the author had taken time to weave in more background facts and historical context I think this would have fleshed it out and made the story resonate even more. Although it is fiction, for comparison read "Corellis's Mandolin" (forget the movie) to understand how a similarly tragic story can be told in a much more impactful and memorable fashion.
 I'm a huge fan of this genre of books and I really thought this would fall in the camp of some others that I love but sadly it did not.  I would never doubt the truthfulness of the story but perhaps the simple way it was written, it just all felt implausible and false.  And the love story and constantly thinking of the one who got away, it felt like a horrible YA novel.  Actually I think that would be an insult to YA novels.  In my opinion, the love story was beyond annoying and felt wrong, again, probably because of the way it was written.<br/><br/>I think what the main character did was beyond courageous and strong and maybe if the writing wasn't so juvenile and simple, it wouldn't have felt fake, like a bad "b" movie.  I just feel the book doesn't really do justice to the main character or his accomplishments.
 One of the most interesting books I've ever read and I have read dozens if not hundreds.  This book was both hard to put down and hard to read too much at a time-both for the same reason-it was so breathtakingly good!  This is one of those rare stories I hope everyone reads and wish everyone had to.  It's intriguing, entertaining and puts you right there.  My tummy was tight with fear, I laughed out loud and I hated what the Greman Nazi's did to Italy and especially to its people.  I had heard before that Italy saved more of it's Jewish population than any other country in Europe and I was glad to be reminded of that.  They deserve to be recognized for their humanity and bravery.  This story was extremely unique in its view of WWII and the German invasion.  I will read it again, it was that good.  Please read this book yourself.  It's not gory but intellectually manages to still give you a real look at that time and place-something we all should never forget.  I highly recommend this book to all!!!  :)<br/><br/>HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!  :)  :D
 Good yarn but poorly told.  It came across as snippets that were time-altered self-aggrandizing recollections of a genuine unsung hero.  The snippets were filled in with chapters of stuff the author produced, however it was, throughout the book, very clear whose voice was telling the tale.  Pino's voice sounded like he has, as we all do, colored his recollections of 50 years before to be highly agreeable to his ego.  The author's voice was just bland.<br/><br/>Overall: not worth the time it took to read.
 Badly written. The only reason to buy this is to see how not to write. A classic case of telling and not showing. Puerile and overwritten. The reader is duped — I wanted to get to the story the marketing of the book offers — the incredible adventure, survival in times of terror but all I got was a badly written, YA novel that dragged on and on before getting to the story. If you want to read an excellent book of survival, imprisonment and escape from an Italian prison camp during World War 2, read “Love and War in the Apennines” by Eric Newby. Now that’s writing.
 My daughter bought this book so I decided to read it for fun since it had such good reviews.  From the first paragraph I was astonished at how bad the writing is but kept going to see if it was just me.  I rarely write a review but feel compelled to because the number of positive reviews for something so bad makes a mockery of the Amazon review system.  The last sentence of Chapter two makes the point:  'As the film melted up on the screen, anti aircraft guns cracked outside the theater, and the first unseen Allied bombers cleared their bays, releasing an overture of fire and destruction that played down on Milan'  bombs are playful? the writing is so jarring I simply couldn't get past chapter four.  The editor of this book should take a hard look at what they put out and the number of positive reviews looks suspicious to me.
 I'm not sure why I am bothering with this review -- with 4,000+ other reviews, my thoughts don't count.  However, here I am -- I review books and music (and occasional other things) on Amazon.com, so why not?<br/><br/>"Beneath a Scarlet Sky" is not a well written book.  It's kind of like a graphic novel without the graphics.  His prose is basic -- functional, but not at all elegant -- and there's no subtlety or nuance in what he writes.  Yet, like a cartoon, it's action packed and easy to read, and the story he tells definitely falls into the category of "amazing but true".  The saga of Pino Lella, who served as a chauffeur to (and partisan spy of) the second in command of Nazi-controlled Italy towards the end of WWII is literally incredible, but it is true, and it's filled with the "Bams!" and "Pows!" that any good action cartoon should have.  It also contains lots of sweetness -- often too much so -- when the author discusses Mr. Lella's family, the love of his life, his passion for the terrain of northern Italy, and so much more. I must also say that the book is so action-packed that I finished all 500+ pages in three days.  One unexpected plus of the book is that it doesn't attempt to wrap up his life in a neat package with a bow; he was what he was, and the book sort of ends without an ending.  I can say no more.<br/><br/>So, "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" is poorly written, saccharine and cartoonish, but despite all that, it's a terrific read, and one that I suspect will stick with me for quite a while.
 In spite of its enormous popularity, this is a mediocre book by a mediocre writer. First, for a project that allegedly took ten years to research and write, there are too many errors. Let me give just two examples. Apparently unaware that Panzer means tank, Sullivan keeps writing about "Panzer tanks;" at one place he makes the Germans pay in Kronen instead of Reichsmarks.<br/><br/>Second, there are too many coincidences to be believable; as when the hero, Pino Lela, during his final drive from Italy to Austria meets the very four highwaymen who robbed him a over a year earlier, kills some of them, and recovers a wallet the man had taken from him. That, at a time when the total number of partisans fighting the Germans throughout northern Italy was said to be about a a quarter million!<br/><br/>Third, though Sullivan in an interview he gave claimed to have been looking for "a deeper emotional truth" than non-fiction can normally provide, in fact he is is not good at writing about emotions.  Describing his own, at the very beginning, he does OK. However, his way of talking about those of other people, primarily Pino, can only be called jejune.<br/><br/>That is why it is as I said: a mediocre book by a mediocre writer.
 This was good story poorly told. This is a “true” story  written as fiction. It is a recounting (reimagining) of Pino Lella’s war experiences. The writing is melodramatic, a bit juvenile and in desperate need of an editor. The final section, “Aftermath”, gives us a clue as to a style that might have worked for this tale.
 This was written as a true story even though the author admits in the introduction there was no means to verify the accuracy. I'm sorry, but there were too many coincidences for me to believe this isn't fiction. Maybe I could believe Pino helped Jews escape across the Alps due to his amazing skills as a mountaineer and skier. I might even believe that he agreed to work for the Germans at his mother's demand, and then became the driver for the most powerful Nazi general in Italy because he could fix cars. It gets deep when the young woman he had fallen for just happens to be the maid of the general's mistress. Pino just happens to witness the death of his best friend's father, a freedom fighter called Truillo, his cousin, and of course, the maid (all at different times). By the time he is selected to translate for the first Americans to arrive in Milan and is asked to set up a great party for them, I'm fairly certain this is a tall tale. But wait, Pino also happens to be a talented pianist and entertains the Americans all night with his jazz prowess. For only 17/18, Pino is quite the renaissance man. As fiction, the story is a three star. I deducted one star for the pretense of truth.
 Leaving the story aside, the actual writing is very elementary--the kind of writing that a teenager would do (and then get a lot of comments back from the English teacher).  I have never read anything else by this author but the writing is really not on an accomplished level.
 This is the story of Pino Lella, who was a teenager in Milan when the second World war broke out and engulfed Italy. I enjoyed reading the history of Italy during that difficult time; enjoyed less the tall tales of Pino, as told to the author who did no independent verification. Pino is a mountaineer extraordinaire, leading refugees over the Alps to Switzerland. He is also a world class race car driver, hired on the spot, with no vetting, by a top level Nazi general whom he successfully spied on. Pino wore the Nazi uniform, but only because he had to, over which he endured such unfair criticism. If only they knew it was all for the good of Italy. Along the way he also fell deeply in love with, and planned to marry, a beautiful woman despite not knowing much about her including her surname. At least the book is accurately classified as a novel and not history or biography.
 An incredible, sad epic. The author was fortunate in hearing about this story and I salute him for following it up and doing the research needed to bring it to fruition. I am also impressed by the author's humility. It is not great writing but the story itself carries the reader through.<br/>Early in the book, the descriptions of personal interactions are trite and superficial. They do improve as the story unfolds.<br/>One thing that disturbed me is that the book makes apologies for the Pope's silence regarding the Holocaust. The author points out that the Vatican was surrounded by German troops and tanks and secretly made arrangements for transporting Jews out of the country. But, even after the Germans were pushed north of Rome and the German threat disappeared, the pope maintained his silence. The play "The Deputy" by Rolf Hochuth addresses this poignantly.<br/>Altogether, a vivid story of bravery and loss. Well worth the read!
 I stopped at page 137. While this book may have been based on a true story, the liberties the author took to amp it up were beyond belief. When I got to the part where the protagonist,after surviving an avalanche in a mountain hut, skied down a long slope, unweighting and changing directions to avoid debris, with a "spotting", hypothermic pregnant woman on his back hollering "Weee!  It's like we're flying", I quit.
 While this is a story based on  real life experiences, it is so suspenseful it's hard to believe it's not fiction. Mark Sullivan writes about the life of a 17 year old Italian boy during the Nazi occupation. Based on copious research and personal interviews (including the protagonist himself) we see Italy as it was seen and felt by those who endured there during that perilous time.<br/>I give it five stars because it's undoubtedly the best I've read in ages.
 My book group reads a lot of historical fiction, particularly set during the time period of WWII.  We have read enough in this genre recently that I am ready for a temporary break, but there was this last one in the stack for us to read for November.<br/><br/>There are so many reviews out there that I don't feel the need to share much other a few points:<br/><br/>1)  I was tempted to put it down in the first 50 or so pages.  It's obvious the author has a background in journalism as the writing is somewhat choppy and dialogue isn't particularly smooth.  I kept going since I had committed to the group and I'm glad I did.  The story was interesting enough to offset the writing and it got better as it went.<br/><br/>2)  Having a WWII story told about the war and resistance in Italy was very interesting.  Most of the WWII fiction/non-fiction I have read has told of various facets of the war but nothing from the Italian side.  That made it well worth a read.  I saw a article quoting the author saying the story is 80-90 percent true.<br/><br/>3)  Realize this is a novel, based on a true story.  While the author spent 10 years researching this, it appears that most of the other individuals involved are no longer among the living so, while he was able to verify and validate many of the hard facts, dialogue and the nuances of motivation and intent are supposition.  Not to detract from the heroism of Pino Lella, there is bit of one sidedness to the narrative.<br/><br/>Overall:  Very good read, well worth the time and investment of 500+ pages.
 I really enjoy WWII fiction and this is the second book I’ve read from the Italian perspective. I prefer historical fiction that provides a more literary experience. This book was more like a swashbuckling–adventure-starring-a-larger-than-life-character type of story, and lacking in that literary aspect. The other book told from the Italian perspective is Amy Harmon’s From Sand and Ash, which for me, is more credible.<br/><br/>The first section of this novel, where Pino stayed at a Catholic boys' school and helped smuggle Jewish refugees over the Alps, was the best. The fresh and atmospheric Alpine setting with just the right amount of tension, sucks you in and captures your imagination.<br/><br/>The story is written in a simplistic style with straightforward prose but there seems to be an emotional disconnect... something is missing. It is an interesting story that falls short in terms of delivery. However, it’s still important for these stories to be told.<br/><br/>Five stars for the actual story.
 This story takes place in Italy during the last two years of WWII.  It's a well-written historical fiction based on a real-life 17 year old hero, whose story until now, was largely unknown.<br/><br/>Pino Lella was only 17 in 1943 when he began leading Jews over the Alps to safety in Switzerland. He went on to become a spy for the Partisan Resistance Movement in Italy while serving as the driver for a top Major General in Hitler's High Command. Pino risked his life repeatedly, gathering information for the Resistance and Allied forces until the war ended.<br/><br/>While this book is historical fiction, it is based on in-person interviews the author Mark Sullivan had with then 79 year old  Pino Lella, as well as other extensive research he did over a ten year period. (Pino Lella is still living in Italy, and in his nineties.) Originally Sullivan planned on writing a nonfiction biography of Pino, but the Nazis so thoroughly destroyed their files in the last days before surrendering to the Allied forces, making a complete and accurate story virtually impossible. Sullivan felt Pino's story was so compelling, he decided to write it in a fictional format for posterity rather than not write it at all.<br/><br/>This truly is a compelling story. It's the story about the war, but one we haven't heard before. It's about the atrocities, but also about heroism and bravery. And there's a poignant love story that should touch even the most stoic among us. The writing is very straightforward.  It doesn't go back and forth in time, and it doesn't switch from one character's p.o.v. to another's. It's the story from Pino's eyes, told vividly and simply.<br/><br/>I think it's definitely worthy of 4.5 stars.
 his is a great story, made a thousand percent better by its being essentially true history. The only thing that I did not like about this book--compelled, though by the truth of what really happened--SPOILER--is the death of Anna. I think that in most pure fiction books, she would have lived.<br/><br/>I also wish that Pino could have found out more about General Leyers and how he knew Pino was the "Observer", and how long the General had known this. ANOTHER SPOILER: If Leyers really was valuable to the Allies, then why did the U.S. Army turn him over to a private driver (Pino) to get him into Switzerland? And if he really was not valuable to the Allies--who after all kept him in prison after the war for almost two years--then why did Eisenhower and Clark issue the travel pass for Meyers' escape? Was there corruption? Did Leyers give some gold to a U.S. officer to secure the travel pass? That would account for why it was Pino, and not the U.S. Army, that was assigned to take General Leyers to the north.<br/><br/>The book is a page turner. I don't know anything about Mark Sullivan's literary capabilities--so I would not put this book in the artistic category of All the Light We Cannot See or Gentleman in Moscow (other five star books)--but mainly because I was too engrossed in this gripping story to put it down or pay attention to anything except the story itself. It is a credit to Mr. Sullivan that he interviewed Pino so extensively and spent ten years of research to create a great story. It opens a window into the world of Nazis and partisans in Northern Italy during the war, at a very personal level. I don't think that anyone who reads this story will ever forget it; nor will they forget Pino or Anna. I feel like Pino's loss is my loss. I spent several years in the Army, but I never had Pino's courage and skills.<br/><br/>I hope that Pino is still alive and healthy. One of his sons wrote last year that Pino was still living then. I am glad that Pino finally found family life, SPOILER--but I am sure that he has never gotten over the loss of Anna.
 I knew before starting the book that a movie was in the works and I can see why. An true untold story with heroes, battles, a lovers arc, and tragic loss against a backdrop of gorgeous scenery—all the elements there for the cinema. It would be my hope however, that the screenplay would be much better written than the book. There was a lot of narration that violated the general writing rule of “show, don’t tell”, and it kept the reader outside of the action. The love story was awkward with wooden dialogue and important characters were more sketched than fleshed out. Maybe the author was trying to stick to the facts of what he actually knew about the people, but if, as he admitted, he was going to embellish the story enough to make it a novel instead of a biography, I feel he should have gone all in on the imagining of his characters to make them more relatable and interesting to the reader.<br/>This was a book club read and not a waste of time by any means, but I think it could have been done better. I’ll await the movie.
 A well written story dealing with the diametrically opposite qualities of human nature. I soon felt that I knew the characters intimately and that I shared their experiences.<br/>I am sure that countless heart-rending stories from the great war are lost to us; we are lucky that this one was found!
 Like so many others here I cannot say enough about this wonderful book. I have read extensively on the topic of WW2 but the Italian story is often a footnote in history. I could tell just from the brutal honesty of the author in the Preface that this would likely be a special book but I really had no idea how special it would be to me.<br/><br/>It is hands down one of the finest books I have read in a very long time. Pino Lella was a genuine hero. Whether it was just circumstance or his own desire to become such a person is beyond me but, however it came to be, there are whole families that are alive today because of his heroics as a young man. In so many ways it seems that his heroics couldn't help him avoid the tragedy of war that was brought upon him personally.<br/><br/>The story of Pino Lella has finally been told. Please take the time to read it. I assure you that you won't be disappointed that you did.
 This is one of the best books I have read...and I read many books.  I especially liked the story of how the Jews were taken over the Alps by the young men into Switzerland.  The trip was so treacherous I could feel every step and the bitter cold and ice.  The dig-out from avalanche was vivid written also.along with the characters involved.  The book had to have a love story and it was touching although the ending of that love story was most tragic.  The family that was involved in the Resistance was a brave and powerful one.  The young seventeen year old was above brave and so was his younger brother.  The Catholic church played an important part in the saving of many Jews and spiritual support of the family.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys true stories of the World War II madness.  The General and his Driver had a most dramatic relationship!
 Early in the book, the author used the phrase, “stunningly beautiful woman”. That was annoying to me because the description was so vague. Funny, I never forgot how that made me feel. It was as if the author re-wrote the beginning of the book and was in a hurry to get it completed. I resented having to concoct the image myself.<br/>He used the phrase again at the end of the story, not taking the time to tell the reader why these women were so special.<br/>But I like WWII stories – particularly first-hand accounts so this book did not disappoint me.<br/>Pino really did have an extraordinary life as did General Hans Leyers.  Quite the manipulator, the General was. A nefarious character who seemed to predict future events with accuracy and so prepared for them.<br/>I enjoyed the glimpse of Fascist Il Duce Benito Mussolini and his amore, Clara Petacci. The shocking deaths of Anna and General Leyer’s mistress were a surprise to me. I can imagine the angry crowd. That part of the story was well written.<br/>For some reason, later in the tale, I did not believe Pina’s brooding over his loss of Anna. It was written too over-the-top for me. I sped-read past it – again annoyed.<br/>Generally, this is a good story and a good way to learn about history. I would have liked it better if the tale was tightened and had a faster pace. I loved the ending that addressed research and historical facts.
 I've read many novels about WWII and the Nazis. I do not recall reading one that talked of Italy and the Nazis and Mussolini and the Fascists.<br/><br/>In this book, I rejoiced at every amazing and heroic act that  saved even one innocent person. Then there were the reminders of the trains and death camps and the people who performed these unconscionable acts that caused despair.<br/><br/> Intertwined within the historical reminders were beautiful stories of love and family loyalties and Italian joy.  The heroes and heroines were often children who grew up way too fast. Their struggles were real.<br/><br/>There was also an element of horrific vengeance in overwrought survivors of this war. Murder and mayhem without any thought of "sides."  Something I had not registered before.<br/><br/>After the most recent events in Charlottesville, VA, it is well to remember that there us NOTHING good or acceptable in Nazi policies or philosophies.<br/><br/>The truth of this novel is that it depicts the Nazi reign of terror. We would all do well to never forget so that history does not EVER have a chance to repeat.<br/><br/>Take the time. It was well written. Great characters, some delightful ones. Some despicable ones too. Kind of like real life.
 I really enjoyed the history of Italy's resistance in WWII. The author was quite clear that it was not a true biography but based on a combination of recounted oral history of the actual protagonist and filling the story out with other source material. I appreciate the truth. Some of the feats seemed fantastic and I might have questioned the possibility that it occurred as told but it made it easier to suspend disbelief and just enjoy the story. And, who knows maybe it happened exactly as told.
 A true story about people who survived and who died at the hands of the Nazis and and the Fascist regime in Milan Italy. This story had never been told.  Milan is a city destroyed by the Nazis and occupied because of it’s proximity to the Alps. Crossing the Alps was the way for Jewish families to be transported to Switzerland for safety.  The hero of the story Pino Lella, along with his family and friends and the priests and Cardinals of Milan risked their lives to save people and help the resistance and the Americans defeat Hitler.  It is a story of faith, courage, and love for family and humanity.
 This is a wonderfully written story. My discription cannot give Justice to this historical action packed war thriller, it is a heart wrenching love story, a coming of age story, an unbelievable tale about a boy forced to become a man during the Natzi invasion of beautiful Malan Italy. You will easily fall in love with Pino, his family,friends, and his beautiful countryside. Mark Sullivan thank  a you for giving us this amazing story, and the gift of meeting Pino.
 I’ve read so much WWII fiction and nonfiction. Some good, some not so good. I now feel like I understand life in wartime Italy. This story has all the elements that make for suspense, Pino is a likable, but not perfect protagonist in unbelievably precarious situations who doesn’t know how heroic he is. Antagonists and supporting characters are well drawn and complex, the love story is compelling and believable.<br/>The ending is satisfying but leaves some loose ends as real life is wont to do. The author has done a service to humanity by not letting this story die. My highest recommendation.
 Like many first person stories of WW2 this story was almost never told and was miraculously suggested to this author by a chance meeting. From there the story unfolds of all the elements found in any War account: espionage, brutality, senseless killings, intense love and good vs. evil. Apparently the war in Italy is not covered as much in literature such as this; therefore, making this account very valuable. It includes the Catholic church's involvement in saving many Jewish lives and the intense civil war occurring between the Fascists and the Partisans along with entanglement with the Nazis. As always it highlights the heroic acts of those who came into contact with all of these elements often with brutal results. This account was very insightful and gave me yet another glimpse into this terrible war of which my father survived (Pacific theater.)
 A journey hard to believe. That a boy of 17 could have the integrity and dedication to save the lives of strangers in the most difficult of physical mountaineering challenges, in the dark of night.....that he could go on to become a spy while serving at the whim of one of Hitler's second in command.....that he could learn be the best at whatever he chose to do in spite of incredible obstacles, and in spit of rejection and loss....that his life would take him through such harrowing experiences when technically still a boy.....  Here is a story that if, on film would seem too "far fetched" to be believable. And yet it is the true story of a life so remarkable it haunts the soul long after the last page is turned. It is a chapter of Hitler's war machine rarely told – that of the Italian Resistance and of the unthinkable barbarity the Italian people suffered at the hands of the occupying German army. It helps set the record straight on a misunderstood part of WWII that has been been called the The Forgotten Front. I would recommend it to anyone who loves history, humanity, and truth.
 I loved this story because of its WWII setting in Northern Italy. After the first few chapters, I was caught up in Pino Lella's world as if I was right there with him in his every adventure.<br/><br/>You will love this story if you enjoy a well-written page-turner of suspense, intrigue, loyalty to family, faith, country and friends. The historical horrors of war weave in and out of the story along with the feelings of first love and duty to country.<br/><br/>Five stars for the superb historical writing and realistic dialogue, amazing character development, and the exacting details of the beautiful scenery. My eyes were opened to the brutal reality of this war time period in Northern Italy and to the indomitable spirit of the Italian people to help each other survive. Enjoy!
 A very interesting true story that tells of the sacrifices made by everyday people caught in the clutches of Nazi rule in Italy during WWII. Our hero is a real hero who also fails in that role with the accompanying loss and tragedy that always comes with war and self survival. You feel empathy for him, understand his fear, see his weakness and strength, are compelled by his loss and his guilt that continues to this day. Could you have done differently? Could you accept the consequences of your decisions to live and not give up and die even though others, loved ones, may die as a result? Real heroes are seldom completely certain of their actions and motives. This hero is very human and that makes this true story worth reading. Highly recommended for everyone especially those young adults that have little knowledge of the greatest generation and it's sacrifices in WWII.
 So, I got this book as a possible book club pick and at first didn't know if it would make the cut for the simple reason, it appeared to be too easy a read for my sophisticated ladies. I continued reading for my own enjoyment and was pleasantly surprised at how the book developed. The author begins the story in the voice of a naive 17 year old who is largely unaware of what is happening around him. The earliest part is easy enough and innocent enough for a 5th grade class to read as a class assignment.  Sweet, but not impressive. The story gets richer, however, as the plot thickens and the main character begins to grow into manhood. His interest in women and in the resistance intensifies as he loses control over events and the part he ends up playing in them. So much happens to stagger the mind and sensibilities, that you can't even believe all of this really happened to one man.  (If not for the epilogue affirming that it did indeed, one would have to wonder.) By the end of the story, I had to pause because I just couldn't bear the suspense or take in the latest turn of events. I heard myself gasping out loud or shouting 'No!' (Warning: Don't read the last chapters of the book in the dentist/doctor's office.) So, this book will stick with you for a long time. Learning what became of the various people after was also very interesting. A worthwhile read.
 Not gonna write about the plot because so many others have. I will say, however, if you enjoy reading anything about WWII, this is the book for you! If you enjoy adventure and thinking "how is the protagonist going to get out of this?", then this is the book for you! If you enjoy reading about the amazing, wonderful, heroic deeds of a few people, then this is the book for you!<br/><br/>Truly, I've already recommended this book to many people and I recommend it to you as well!!<br/><br/>Why not 5 stars, you ask?! Well, I found that in many places, the descriptiveness of the building or the tree or mountain just got to be too much, especially when you remember this was happening almost 80 years ago. Too much detail, for me, equals a bit unbelievable. Along those same lines, there were places the story seemed to drag a little, and yes, I know, a story cannot be all action, but a few places just felt....slow. Low. Almost unnecessary even.<br/><br/>However, the fact that all these things happened to one person, that one young man did so much, makes up for the flaws in the book and makes Pino a true hero and his story worth reading.
 Given that there are over 4000 reviews on Goodreads and 13500 reviews on Amazon there is little that hasn’t already been said about the quality of this book. I’ll just say that Mark Sullivan was very fortunate to have come across this story when he was in need of something to lift him out of the dry spell he was experiencing in his writing career. The subject of his tale is a true story about the life of Pino Lella as he came of age in Italy during the Second World War. Pino is a character larger than life who experiences the extremes of danger, accomplishments, love and hate. He appears to have no regard for his personal safety when leading Jews over the mountains to Switzerland and becoming a spy as the driver for General Hans Leyers one of Germany’s top commanders. Ironically Pino shows that he has overwhelming fear for his life when he can’t put himself in danger in order to save Anna the love of his life. Though not the very best of writing the biography is compelling and fascinating and certainly keeps you entrenched in the narrative till you reach the last page. The book highlights the fact that for most of us life is not easy and all our questions are not answered but we invariably choose to keep on living.
 Very moving book. I am sorry to say l did not know about the things that happened in this country.  Things keep disappearing from history.  That shouldn't happen. If we don't know about it then it makes easier for it to happen again. Well written.Wil recommend to friends and family.
 I live in Lugano, and I am very aware of the talks that took place between the German High Command in Italy and Allan Dulles at the Bianchi. They may, or may not, have helped to end the Nazi predations in Italy by a day or two. I also know that there was no way a German office could have transferred gold to Lugano during the war, while his driver waited "above Lugano" (in Lanzo d'Intelvi or at the border in Valmara--both a long way on foot with gold).  While much of the Pino Lella tale sounds plausible, much else of it is farfetched. Like skiing down towards the Swiss border with a pregnant musician on his back.  Find me a modern top skier who can do that. So yes, a great read. Just make allowances for the needs of the narrator to turn a normal wartime experience into a heroic tale.  Pino Lella knew why he never talked about the war.  In war the are no heroes -- only losere on all sides.
 I love this book. I think the length of Scarlet Sky may scare some people away, but it flies by, not unlike a good night’s dream—so much packed into what only seems like fleeting moments once it’s over.  And it stays with you. All the experiences of war: the courage, the losses, the lessons, the simple joys, the sustaining power of love during darkest times, the sudden scarcities of what we thought everyday life would always hold for each of us, the fearful choices we hope to God we’ll never have to make. This book is outstanding movie material, and I am looking forward to seeing what Pascal Pictures has done with it. My sincere appreciation to the author, Mark Sullivan, for this gift to the literary world. Thank you for ALL your hard work in bringing this to us. And to Pino, may you be blessed forever for your great passion, unselfish courage, and undying love. You’ve given us all much to ponder, and, hopefully, we each feel deeper compassion for those who have served,  suffered, and/or died during the atrocities of WWII. 💗
 We apply the word "hero" to so many undeserved recipients that the term has little relevance anymore.  A basketball player is a hero when he hits a 27-foot shot to win the game.  Finally, we meet a true hero as told in the book "Beneath a Scarlet Sky."  His name is Pino, Pino Lella to be exact.He's a teenager in Milan, Italy during WW2. The story takes place during the last two years of the war and it tells the story of this young man who sees the atrocities committed by the Nazi occupation and is drawn into taking action of his own to help his countrymen.  He assists a number of Jewish Italians to escape the Nazis by guiding them across the Alps into Switzerland under the guidance of a local priest.<br/><br/>His parents insist he volunteers for a position in the German army in a non-combatant role to avoid being forced into a combat position.  His parents seemingly belong to the resistance and Pino provides them with information helpful to the Allies.  In the interim, he falls in love with the maid to the whore of his immediate commanding officer who is the second highest officer of Nazi forces in Italy.<br/>His exploits, his bravery, his spirit and, yes his vulnerability makes one so proud of this young man.  The atrocities he witnessed would be life enduring.<br/>We meet a group of characters that we really care about and cry at their fates but Pino leaves a lasting memory.  The book is based on actual events and it's one you will remember long after the last page.<br/>Also, thanks to the author for following up on some of the players.  It was quite interesting when he met Pino, who lives in Italy after spending much time after the war in the US.  He's in his nineties and was so thankful the author brought him up to date on the fate of some of those he met along the way.  It provided a final chapter to an extraordinary life.<br/>The only other book I rated so highly was "The Nightingale" which in itself was also a remarkable read.<br/>Get this one and revel in the majesty of the human spirit.
 I could hardly bring myself to put this book down and attend to other business. My wife had read it and recommended it to me. She hadn’t mentioned that it was the story of an actual person’s life during WW2 and I had just jumped into reading it on Kindle without looking at the prefaceany or reviews. It read like a compelling novel of action and intrigue and, as noted, one I hated to put down.  To my surprise, when I said how much I was enjoying the book, she remarked that it was an amazing tale considering it was based on real life events. The author’s preface and his comments at the end of the book provided a much more detailed and very interesting account of how he came to write this book as well as the circumstances and the lives of the story’s participants after the war.  So I would recommend this book to readers who love exciting fiction about WW2 or well-written accounts of actual events in a fictional mode.
 I have to put this book in the category of one of the best books I have ever read. It not only is a page turner but an almost unbelievable true story that can be purchased at a ridiculously low price on your Kindle. The author interviewed an elderly man who as a young Italian during WWII in Italy does amazing things. The author ends up writing a historical novel that has to make a person think how they would react in a similar situation. It is especially fascinating because of what is going on currently in our country. How brave would you be when faced with the prospect of dying for something you believe is morally right. I cannot recommend this book highly enough. It deserves more than five stars for not only outstanding writing but for one of the more interesting stories I have read about WWII. Be sure to read the authors comments at the very beginning and then again at the very end of the book.
 Imagine, if you will, a tale of heroism, deep found and passionate love, danger looming around every turn, and acts altruism which solidify the pursuit of happiness: all of these factors are not only built into this profound novel, it is the core essence of its character.<br/><br/>The value which this tale brings to light greatly surpasses the many other books written around a similar subject. I, for one, have never before heard of Pino Lella, or the devastating atrocities that tore through Italy during WWII. Unfortunately, up until now I have been oblivious to these happenings.<br/><br/>Mr Sullivan, in this great novel, captured not only the three essential aspects of any adventurous tale, (a war to fight, a beauty to capture and an adventure to live), but also illuminated the true story of one of many WWII participants: A life filled with happiness, fear, sorrow, hope and faith. Thank you Mr Sullivan, for enriching our lives.<br/><br/>To end with Mr Lella's own words: "Forgive an old man his sad memories...": there's nothing to forgive, and nothing to be forgotten.
 One of the best historical novels written. A great amount of research was performed by the author to provide an accurate description of life in Italy during WWII.  The story follows the life of a young boy who grows to manhood during the war.  The descriptions of the Alps and surrounding areas made it easy to picture as the story progresses.<br/>The persecution of the native Italians and Jews during these times was atrocious, and the main character witness a great deal.  At the same time, a love story develops with him and a young lady which is beautifully told.<br/>This is a vast story involving real characters who were very involved in the Nazi invasions.<br/><br/>A tremendously well-written novel. I look forward to reading more from this great Author.
 The story of Pino Lelli is a page turner, a story that needed to be told. It is the true story of a boy becoming man by force of war, faith,love and hope.<br/>  Pino, born into close knit, middle class Milanese family, had a future to look forward to when the bombings of Milano started.  For his safety his parents sent him into the mountains. From there the twists and turns of his life ensued. Uncommon courage, self-loathing, a Shakespearean love, faith all rolled up in one person; there are no fairy tale endings, only an understanding that a life well lived will be remembered.
 The story here is similar to the Martin Cruise Smith book “The girl from Venice”. The Smith book was much more interesting.  I don’t know how this lengthy youth novel received so many positive reviews. Perhaps it was the unusually inexpensive price.  In my view, life is much to short to read 500 page books that follow a boy during the waining days of WW II leading victims over the mountains of Italy during the. Later days of the war
 This was a very good book and I debated between four and five stars. The details and emotion that comes through the writing was excellent but it did get a bit long in some parts.
 This is an amazing story, a definite page-turner based on the true story of an Italian boy during the WWII years of 1943-1945.  There are many labyrinths to this story: a combination of rescuer, spy, devout Catholic, and his relationship with clergy, a woman whom he loves dearly, friends, family, partisans, and including a Nazi General and other Nazis.  It all comes together with suspense and intense description that captures the imagination. Throughout the book, the reader can vividly imagine the beauty of northern Italy so adeptly described by the author.  In the end, there is a brief summary of what occurs to the boy as he ages, as well as whom he will meet. He, including others mentioned in the book, will eventually be recognized in Yad Vashem's Righteous Among the Nations.
 This is probably the best book I have read in the past year.  It is an historical novel set in Italy during WWII.  The protagonist is a teenage Jewish boy who is sent to a mountain monastery, to keep him away from the Nazis and the Italian army, as well. As the boy grows, he becomes extremely valuable to the Resistance movement.  His first assignment, is to smuggle Jews across the mountains and into Switzerland, even during the coldest of winters.He also develops a passionate love of fast cars.Eventually he finds himself in the riight place at the right time to become the driver for (an occupying) Nazi General.  His family, active in the Resistance, reluctantly are convinced to let him become a spy.  Although scared half to death, he begins reporting the general's activity, the condition in which the Jewish captives are held in slavery, and the Nazi plans for his city.... which are not pretty.  Along the way, he meets a special woman, one thing leads to another, and despite the war, love grows. Amidst battles, deprivation and danger, a passionate, enduring love story develops.  Mark Sullivan has done a masterful job of writing a whale of a good story, while keeping its historical accuracy as close as possible to the reality of the occupation of Italy and the lives of the people affected.  While not lending itself to a sequel, if ever a story deserved a continuation, this one does! It was hard to saygoodbye to the characters. Meanwhile I'm reading everything I can find, written by Mr. Sullivan.  He is THAT good!. Unreservedly recommended.
 Well, apparently one of the most amazing stories of WWII came close to never seeing the light of day. The characters and events are all real, which makes this story so incredible. I couldn't wait to see what happened next. Obviously, after all these years, much of the dialog had to be invented, and on a few occasions it became a little hokey, but, hay, perhaps much of it was real also. Anyway, nothing could detract from the power of this story. I've been told that a movie will be made based on the book, but I don't think a movie of just 2 hours could do it justice; too many important events would have to be omitted which would be a shame. A "mini-series" of perhaps 6 or 8 episodes would work better. After reading the book, be sure to read the "Afterword" to find out what became of all these people.
 A story well-told, however disturbing.  It doesn't have a nice ending tied up neatly with a bow, but this is the way of true stories and life.  The author is an excellent writer with a style I liked.  There was one small logic flaw that bothered me, but this would be my only complaint.  It is refreshing to read a secular book with no explicit sex, and very few curse words.  Many thanks to the author for avoiding both.  I would recommend this book for high school and up.  I rarely give five stars. This book is one to read.
 I was surprised this book go so many high reviews. I understand that when you buy a Kindle book that is inexpensive you will not get a perfectly written book. But, this story was so significant and deserved to be told properly. I think the author put a lot of work into the book and I believe he is basically a good author because he went to Italy and did the research and because he told a good story. The story started out ok but then became redundant in the middle of the book. Many pages and words could have been left out instead of being so boring. I stopped reading the book somewhere around 60% which is unusual for me. I just couldn’t read anymore. The story wasn’t going anywhere. Then I got curious and read the ending and went backwards from there. I was really impressed with the writing at the end of the book and many emotions were unleashed. It almost seemed as if it were a different book. If you have more patience than I do, I recommend this beautiful story. This is the story of an Italian Hero during WW 2 and it is unique in that we rarely hear about what happened in Italy during this time period. I heard they will make this into a movie and this story is worthy of it. Hopefully the screenwriting will be given more attention to do this story some justice.
 I don't often give a 5 star rating but this book earned it.  The author writes as closely to the truth as he is able the incredible story of an Italian boy during the war with Germany.  You don't want to miss this book.<br/><br/>This is the story of Pino Lella, a 17 year old Italian boy who becomes a man nearly overnight.  The Germans are taking over Italy and Pino and his family are a normal Italian family, living and loving until the war comes to Milan.  Decisions are made and Pino  is sent to Father Re in the Alps where he is able to fight in his own way against the horrors and atrocities happening to Jews.  He helps Jews escape thru the Alps during treacherous conditions and heart stopping circumstances.<br/>Soon Pino is of age and his parents make the agonizing decision that to avoid being sent to the Russian front he must enlist in the very Army he is secretly fighting against.  He becomes a spy for the resistance and what happens next is a chain of events both horrifying and gut wrenching. His story is told and rather than be a spoiler, I will let you read this story and feel the emotions wash over you as Pino  and his family do their best to help their country survive this dreadful war.  Since the author writes this story from real events and the lives of real people it is all the more heart breaking and horrific.  Let Mark Sullivan take you there through the pages of this book.  I doubt you will regret it - I didn't.
 “Beneath a Scarlet Sky” is a historical fiction based on the true exploits of an Italian teenager during WWII.  I’ve read lots of books about WWII, but this novel gave me an insight into something that I knew very little about - the Italian partisan resistance against Nazism and Fascism; the smuggling of Jews out of Italy; the hardship and fears of Italian civilians under Nazi and Fascist rule; the brutality that Italians inflicted on each other; the involvement of the Catholic church; etc.<br/><br/>I thoroughly enjoyed this novel.  Once I started, it was a novel that so totally engrossed me that when I stopped reading to sleep, the urge to wake up and start reading again was strong.<br/><br/>The main characters and location scenes in this novel are so well developed that it felt that I knew them or had been at that location personally.  There is tear jerking sadness in the death of one of the main characters.<br/><br/>The research Mark Sullivan did on this novel is extraordinary.  Sullivan’s recounting of what happened to the major characters who survived the war really helped bring closure to the novel for me.
 This is a great book, based on the actual events during WW2. I had no knowledge of the resistance in Italy during the war. Reading about the courage of many Catholic Italians in helping Jews, downed Allied servicemen, and participating in the Resistance movement was enlightening. This is a true story, told through the remembrances of the actual man this book is based upon. I would love to read more books on the Italian resistance - true - not fiction.<br/>Include this in your need to read list.
 This wasn’t the most well-written story but the content was interesting if you read it as a work of fiction - which I did. It wasn’t until the epilogue that I realized it was supposed to be a true story and I would advise you to skip that part. I found the claims and details dubious in that regard. Otherwise this is the first account of the holocaust I have read from the perspective of how it played out in Italy and I found it interesting, if a bit matter-of-fact.
 This is a brilliantly told story about the life of Pino Lella. I'd never heard of this man or his life prior to reading this riveting book. The author had my full attention with the foreword in which he tells how he heard, by sheer happenstance, about Pino's heroic, adventurous and romantic life. Not for a moment did I doubt the depth of Pino's love for Anna. And I was so drawn in by the author that I easily felt the height of his joy and the depth of his despair. Certain parts of the book, such as Pino's Alpine skiing heroics, would have made an excellent standalone story. But, combined with all his other exploits, the sheer audacity of his life is almost overwhelming. I have already recommended this book to my friends who enjoy reading because there's nothing like a true story, especially this one.
 The Preface is enough to still your speeding modern mind to get how this author needs to fill you in on the circumstances about his life when the tattered outline of this odyssey was shown to him &amp; how researching this true-to-life memoir swallowed him whole &amp; saved his own life.<br/><br/>In 1944 the hero of this tale was on the brink of manhood, ready to leave school &amp; get on w/his life when the German army finally invaded his home town &amp; their lives, their law &amp; order, their ruler Il Duce &amp; everyone's dreams &amp; hopes came to a standstill.<br/><br/>Caught between the proverbial rock &amp; hard place, ordinary working Milanese &amp; their children were waiting the stalled Allied advance north from Sicily as told over forbidden wirelesses via the BBC. They were also learning how to survive when Nazis &amp; their attending Wermacht Army rolled in &amp; co-opted all living places, food &amp; supplies. Along with all the dramas in hotels &amp; apartments with mistresses &amp; maids, parents &amp; siblings there were the ever-present spies &amp; collaborators.<br/><br/>This is a novel recounting the truly remembered adventures &amp; feelings of teenager Pino Lella as told by the 90+ year-old survivor of those last 2 crazy years of The War when he was young, healthy, a brilliant skier &amp; mountain climber who then had to enlist only to get wounded on his first foray &amp; while on medical leave Fate chose him to become a German general's driver in a world gone mad as the Allies pounded their way north forcing the Germans into a destructive retreat.<br/><br/>This was an all-round rousing read: held my breath a lot; chuckled some &amp; wept up a storm. I have a feeling this will be Mark Sullivan's best-remembered tale cuz he brings Pina Lella to life in a poetic, heroic fashion; a lad in love w/music, cars &amp; girls who gets to hear the most sorrowful of dirges &amp; the most uplifting of arias; he falls in love w/a fleeting stranger &amp; then starts mid-winter mountain climbing &amp; skiing to take city Jews to freedom, &amp; the music follows him there too. He learns to drive his car mechanic friend's loaner Italian autos; his heart breaks as he watches his family &amp; friends struggle &amp; his city crumble &amp; his life tumble into a pit of despair.<br/><br/>The real adventure is that in his travels with his general Fate is giving him all the information he needs to pass on via his uncle to Partisans up in the mountains who harass &amp; confound the invaders at the end of their tether, resources &amp; reign.<br/><br/>On these travels all over northern Italy Pino bears witness to hidden tunnels filled with a host of grey ghost slaves preparing underground factories, munitions dumps &amp; wonders for which he has no names, all of which he will pass on once back in Milan. All one breathless blink from discovery.<br/><br/>It was hard enough being in the company of a German general who praised his work, his mastery of the automobile, who trusted his translations of Italian into French it was, however, far worse watching his compatriots scrabble to survive, always endangered &amp; his lifetime friends shunning him as a coward for not picking up a weapon.<br/><br/>This young man must have burned out his adrenal glands well B4 he was 19 while guiding Italian Jews over the Alps to freedom &amp; then still a year-and-a-half B4 VE Day go on, never sleeping regularly, the emotional roller-coaster never stopping: finding courage, seduced by excitement, warned by memories of horrific slaughters... &amp; then he meets the maid to his general's mistress &amp; that first love becomes his sacred oasis of music &amp; joy &amp; sensuality as the pace of his general's inspections as the Allies &amp; Germans battle over his homeland demolishing untold castles on hills, ancient cities &amp; monasteries filled with great art.<br/><br/>In that final Spring of The War a fever overtakes everyone: the sights, sounds, smells, tastes of war fill Pino up as his general orders repeated drives to one particular place on the border along the Brenner Pass into Austria &amp; Pino suspects his general is shipping gold bars out for his escape.<br/><br/>The End of this fine saga reaches its climax amid mis-information &amp; bad timing. All falls B4 Pino's eyes &amp; his heart &amp; spirit are broken when he learns he has been played by both sides: his general &amp; his country.<br/><br/>I'm so glad Sullivan gave us an update as to where everyone we met were by the turn of this century cuz it leaves the reader knowing an eager beaver of a spirit had not worked in vain, had grown immeasurably &amp; gone on to live as ordinary life as anyone who lived thru such times could.<br/><br/>A profoundly validating account of one teenager's Coming of Age in a Time of War.<br/><br/>I was thrilled, entranced, filled with amore &amp; doused with sorrow &amp; all through I could hear the music to Pino Lello's life. This one's a keeper, very well done!
 Beneath a Scarlett Sky was one of the best non-fiction books I have ever read. I read this book on Kindle so I didn’t realize it was based on a true story until I came to the end and I must say it was a very pleasant surprise.  It fulfilled all the criteria of a suspense novel, a romantic story of love during war ravaged Italy, and an espionage thriller. Having returned from my first trip to Italy prior to reading this book, my only regret is that I did not read it prior to my departure. I visited many of the locations mentioned in the book and would have loved the background knowledge. We have heard many stories of the affects of the German aggression on France, England, Poland and many other countries but not so much about Italy- at least not that I have read. Beneath a Scarlett Sky was an excellent introduction and a great read! I highly recommend it!
 Beneath A Scarlet Sky<br/><br/>I am a senior citizen and all my life I have been interested in history—and especially of WWII. I read everything I see about the war and I have probably watched all the movies that have ever been made about WWII but nothing I have seen or read compares to this book! When reading history you just get the facts whereas in this book you see with the eyes of the people who were there and who were experiencing all the horrors and heartaches. At times it was very hard to read this story because it was so hard to get your head around that so many people were soulless and just pure evil.<br/><br/>The story starts out about a very young boy, less than 18 years old, who began helping people to escape to Switzerland. When I first started reading this story I thought it was going to be like the movie, “Sound of Music.” But as the story progresses, Pino Lella, the young man who this story is about, is pushed into joining the German army by his parents. He and his parents are not for the Germans but his parents are afraid that if he does not volunteer to join that on his 18th birthday the Germans will drag him into the army and send him to the Russian front to fight—where over half of the Italian fighters usually die. They were hoping that by joining he would be able to sit out the war and do maybe office work or something that mundane. Things seemed to be going the way the parents hoped it would until one day Pino stopped to help to fix a German General’s car. When the general realized that Pino fixed his car and knew enough to be a car mechanic, he instantly commanded that Pino become his driver. Pino could not say no since he was part of the German army now. Later in the story he was asked by his uncle to help spy on the movement of the German army since he was in the perfect position to see and hear exactly what the Germans were up to. My heart really went out to Pino as he gathered information for the allies because all his friends and realities thought he was Nazis and treated him as if he was a traitor. He could tell no one he was a spy and was on their side because it was too dangerous to tell anyone. But still my heart ached for him because it hurt him so bad. By being the driver for General Hans Leyers, one of the Third Reich’s most powerful commanders, Pino was privy to a lot of helpful information to feed to the allies. It was why he was employed by the general that he re-met a girl he had a crush on. Anna, the girl, was a maid to the general’s mistress. Pino and Anna fell in love after some time had passed and they got to know one another better.<br/><br/>From then on the story gets more intense and suspenseful as Pino tries to do the job he needs to do as a spy and also to keep alive. As the story wound down I could not quit reading until I got to the end because everything got super suspenseful as the war was starting to come to a close. It’s hard to imagine how Pino and so many others survived the war with their minds intact. Toward the end I just cried—it was so sad &amp; heart breaking on so many levels.<br/><br/>One of the things that I really liked about the book was that after the story ended the author updated you on what happened to all the main characters later in life. To show you how much I thought of this story, I bought a hardback copy and had it sent to a family member who is a vet. And then I ordered a audio CD to play in the car so my husband can hear the story. My husband hates to read but will watch a movie or listen to a CD—I know he will really be interested in this story once I start playing it. He is a retired veteran of the army with 25 years of service and is interested in anything that is about the military. So if you like knowing about history, you will like this book. Next to “Benghazi” this is the best book that I own.
 An inspiring true story about a young Italian boy, living during World War II, who finds himself in situations that require him to mature quickly.<br/>Pino saves the lives of Italian Jews--leading them over the Alps to Austria. At the insistence of his parents, he joins the Nazi OT organization but is hurt and ends up driving for Hitler's right-hand man in Italy--all the while feeding critical information to the Allies at great personal risk.<br/>As a spy, Pino meets the great love of his life, as well as witnesses the unvarnished evil the Fascists and Nazis wreck upon his beloved country and those he loves.<br/>A fascinating tale of love and hate during wartime.
 I started listening to this story and at first was a bit nervous because WW2 makes me shudder. (It was a steal of a deal and I needed something to listen to)<br/>I was so intrigued by this man's story I couldn't stop. It made me laugh and cry.<br/>Pino Lella was in his own way a hero to so many lives and had bravery that made me evaluate my own.<br/>I wish everyone could read this. There are so many accounts of History we do not know or understand, and this helps you to see a side of it from the eyes of a young man who was in the middle of a horrific war in which I don't think he fully understood, yet kept stoutworthy and brave. Yes, even when he thought he had failed.<br/>Heartwrenching and real, I was very well pleased.<br/>Thank you to the real man for allowing his story to be told. Thank you Pino Lella for your kindness, bravery and honesty.
 Pino Lella was both a rescuer of Jews, helping them over the Alps to Switzerland, and later a spy for the Allies when he became the driver of the highest ranking German General in Milan. Pino's story is exciting and well written. I'm kind of a WWII geek, and I had never heard about how the Catholic church in Italy tried to protect Italy's Jews. Pino and Father Re risked their lives to get Jewish refugees to safety. Then, Pino's parents insisted that he join the German army instead of getting drafted into the Italian forces which would have meant a 50-50% chance of survival. By sheer coincidence, he is ordered to drive for General Hans Leyers. As much as he hates the idea of working for the Nazi officer, his aunt and uncle persuade him to become a spy for the Allies. He is despised by his friends and family, who cannot know what Pino is really doing. Lonely and isolated, he finds a girl and love that could last a lifetime. The war is coming to an end. You know that Pino survives (it's a true story after all), but who else will survive? And what will happen to Leyers? I recommend reading this book if you're a history geek like me.
 Pino Lello was a young Italian man who joined the resistance against the Nazis in northern Italy during World War II. A teenager at the time, Lello kept his astounding story a secret for decades, telling no one of his previous life during the war. He only agreed to recount the traumatic and heartbreaking events of that time as an elderly man for this book.<br/>Whether or not it’s all historically accurate, it’s an engrossing story. The author readily admits that it is “based” on facts, with some embellishments to fill in the gaps. I found myself wondering which parts originated with the author or were the products of an old man’s imaginings, but this didn’t bother me too much. I decided to enjoy it with several grains of salt and that was fine.  After all, much of what actually happened during WWII seems absolutely incredible today.<br/><br/>It’s a fascinating story, even it only half of it is true. It’s an easy read that kept me turning the pages and rooting for Pino Lello throughout the book. It was especially interesting to learn about the northern Italian struggle against the Nazis, and how the resistance operated. The last days of the war, when the Italian resistance and the Allies fought against the Nazis and the Fascists as they tried to flee, was particularly interesting.<br/><br/>Recommended for those interested in WWII, and for those who enjoy a suspenseful, engrossing story.
 Mark Sullivan deserves full praise for extraordinary  reporting and writing. His facts add up with the Italian campaign as told by historians like Rick Atkinson. But Sullivan leaves the reader hanging in the end like a suspense writer when he reveals that Nazi General Leyard who employed the Italian hero Pino as his driver knew Pino was a double agent nd that Leyard himself is saved by the American high command for helping the Allies. But helping in ways unknown, especially for a General who presided over a work army of tens of thousands captives used as slaves and watched jews sent to death on trains bound for Poland.<br/>  Sullivan tells us as Pino was about to execute Leyard at the Bremer Pass on the escape route to Switzerland Leyard calls Pino by his spy name Observer. In the epilogue Sullivan might have worked with the reader on:<br/>  Did Leyard know Pino was an Allied spy when he hired him as his driver and enabled him to witness German behind the line weakness  so he convey that information to the Allies through Pino's uncle, also a spy?  Was Leyard cooperating with the Allies all along without Pino even through he was the third ranking general in the Nazi regime? If so how? There is no hint of it in the book. A fiction author will throw a twist in the end and leave the reader hanging for effect. James Patterson for whom Sullivan is a co author is a master at the twist.<br/>  Sullivan writing novelistic history could have teased out the Pino-Leyard relationship more at the end to help the reader with divergent but important questions. If General Leyard was  a top Nazi turncoat that would be historical work in itself.<br/>Maybe Sullivan will take that on.
 The hero of the story was almost a super hero in my estimation. How anyone could survive that many "life in the balance" experiences is a marvel to me. I could barely put the book down, until I finished reading it. A war story, and at the same time, a tragic love story. Oh, the injustice and horror of war!  The setting is World War 2 in Italy. A true story that was well researched, and put together as a historical novel, and left me with a sense of awe that anyone could go through what the hero of the story did, and still live to tell about it.<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone who hates war; who believes in the innate goodness of mankind, and also believes that true love never dies.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a page turner. Seventeen year old Pino isan authentic hero of World War II.  He is forced to go back to the mountains in northern Italy to a Catholic Camp He had attended when he was younger. His parents want him safe from the bombing in Milan. An excellent skier , he ends up<br/>Escorting Jews over mountain passes to SwitZealand. The tension excellerates as he joins the German<br/>Army and becomes a spy. The book is fascinating especially  because of the setting of occupied Italy.<br/>We meet the cardinal of Milan , Mussolini , and the mysterious General Leyers? We seethe teenage Pino<br/>Desperately in love....and 🎳
 Totally unbelievable. The reason this story was never told is because it never happened. The supposed hero, Pino, had to wait until everyone who had knowledge of the events was dead before he told his story. Most likely Pino was a Nazi collaborator and for that reason had to leave Milan after the war.
 This was an eye opening novel for me.  The conflicts of morality and survival during wartime are predominant.  The novel seems well researched and the hero is not perfect, but was a little TOO perfect to be 100% believable.  The losses he experienced and the atrocities he witnessed were unspeakable.  His heroism is  undeniable.  But on the grand scale of things, he was courageous, but very lucky.  He was lucky to be from a wealthy, non-Jewish family.  He was lucky to be blessed with physical prowess.  And he was lucky that the Nazi he served was, at the same time, serving his own self-interests.  I would recommend this novel to others with an interest in WWII in Italy.
 This story is Star Wars, James Bond and Fast and Furious.  Its a battle against an evil empire, undercover and spy intrigue and the most beauriful love story. It has everythimg with horrors of Ww2 and the Holocaust as the backdrop.The most amazing thing...its a true story about a 17 year old Itlaian boy.<br/>As a child of holocaust survivors I was not told too much aboit my parent's experiences. I was therfore greatly effected by this novel about the untold story of Italy during the Nazi occupation and of this amazing courageous young man .<br/>The book was written so well.<br/>I started writing this review by wiping away the tear drops that fell on my phone screen<br/>I will mever forget this story.
 As a former Peace Corps Volunteer and English major, I chose to read  Mark Sullivan’s Beneath a Scarlet Sky primarily because we had that in common. I read it somewhat critically thinking the narrative although based on what he said was a true story must have been embellished with the author’s imagination. Surely, the events described in sometimes hair-raising detail could not possibly have happened. There were just too many seeming coincidences and serendipitous events to believe that they had happened in the life of one man. Even the way the author first learned of the central character, Peno Lella, seemed too contrived to be factual. I was almost ready to put the story aside as pure melodrama when toward the end Peno witnessed the crushing event that would shape and come close to destroying the rest of his long life.<br/>But I stuck with the book and believe that Peno Lella, now in his nineties, in fact lived the last two years of WWII in Italy very much as Sullivan writes. Peno Lellla, from the age of 17 through old age, has led a charmed life that was waiting for a skilled writer like Mark Sullivan to capture in print. You may not believe it - as I didn’t at first - until you read the aftermath. But when you learn that Peno’s friend who taught him to drive like a maniac, Alberto  Ascari, would go on to become one of the greatest formula one race car drivers in the world only to die in a freak race car accident at the same age and on the same day of the month as his father who was also a famous race car driver; and when you learn that Ascari died in the arms of Pino’s bother, Mimo, you will begin to accept that some lives are destined to find a place in history -- and some writers are destined to discover them.
 I like to read right before going to sleep. I chose this book as one of my free selections with Prime.  I love historical fiction. This book however, is based on fact from real interviews with the main character.  The writing takes a bit of getting used to as it is what I would call bare boned, but that means there are no boring parts.  Very fast paced.  It also took a bit to get going, but when it did, it was difficult to stop reading, the story develops and quickens.  There are shocking plot turns.  Then near the end... (and while I'm not giving any details away, if you want to know nothing of this book, read no farther)... knowing that this book is historical fact, that the story is true and really happened...one of the plot twists absolutely tore my heart out and ripped it to shreds.  I lay in bed sobbing.  Took me hours to finally get to sleep and it was days before I could finish the book.  I greatly enjoyed this book, but if you are looking for happy endings, I do not recommend.  If you want to learn very interesting history and would like a very powerful and incredible story of a man's life, then this is a must read.
 The author does a good job describing the life of Pino Lella, a boy who grew up and old during World War II.  The story starts with a youthful and innocent 17-year-old native of Milan and ends with a grizzled and jaded wartime hero in less than 3 years.  Lella’s exploits included guiding hunted Jews over the Alps to the protection of Switzerland to becoming a spy for the Italian Resistance while a driver for a Nazi general to an agent for the American OSS at the end of hostilities in Italy.  In between, the author introduces us to Pino’s close-knit, loving family, his first indelible love and some friends and acquaintances who graced the pages of history.  The book starts slowly but picks up the pace and rivets the reader right up until the surprise twist at the end.  I regret leaving this book on my shelf for so long and more than delighted to have finally read it.  Despite its flaws, it was a satisfying read.<br/>John E Nevola - Author of The Last Jump and The Final Flag<br/>U.S. Army Veteran – SP/5<br/>Military Writer's Society of America
 An inspiring story based on true events, it describes young Pino Lella's heroism in Nazi-occupied Italy. It reminds me of The Nightingale, the story of two sisters' lives in occupied France, because Pino and his brother Mimo devote themselves to the resistance despite their fears. It's truly remarkable how the brothers accomplished so much to thwart the evil that had overtaken their country. The author was at a low point in his life, and he prayed for a story to write that would absorb his attention and deliver him from despair. He found it at a friend's dinner party, where he overheard a chance mention of this unsung Italian war hero. He spent the next several years researching this story, including many meetings with the aging Pino Lella.
 Pino Lella was a teenager living in Milano when WWII started.<br/><br/>He had lived a sheltered, privileged life until he decided he had to take a more active part in helping those who were more affected. So that's exactly what he did.<br/><br/>He made several trips across the mountains to ferry the jews that would arrive looking for shelter and needed to cross the border. This was a huge feat, especially considering that although he was so young and the perils were many, he never faltered in his commitment to help them.<br/><br/>Later, once in Milan, he did the same working for the Germans at great personal risk. There is one extremely difficult part to read when he realizes something has happened to his girlfriend. I can honestly say it shook me to my core and made my cry till I had no more tears.<br/><br/>I can't really do justice to the book (and to Mr. Lella's life in general), but  know that it is a story written from our heroe's perspective, and yet the ugly and the bad are not sugarcoated or minimized at all: Pino bashes his owns weaknesses and shortcomings more than if he had been just an outsider. He was a truly admirable man and if you read nothing else this year, it will have been worth it.
 I normally avoid books and movies based on war stories.  I chose this book from the Kindle free monthly books based on the descritption and reviews, despite it being a war story. It turned out to be a great choice. For me this story while not sugar coated brought the reality of war home without the extreme gory details. It opened my eyes to the internal moral struggles, the politics and the realities of war all as a part of lifes struggles.<br/><br/>This is a compelling story, extremely well written with strong character development. I would highly recommend this book even if your interest in war is limited.
 This is a true story about a very courageous, lucky, smart young Italian man, is also protected from near-death many times by heaven.  The story opens just hours prior to the bombing of Milan in 1942.  He has many adventures, from leading Jews  thru the Italian Alps to safety in Switzerland, to being the driver for a high ranking Nazi, and then finding his true love.<br/><br/>The style of writing is not the best, but the story wad so absorbing that I sat up until very late reading. I liked the ending. There is one part of the story that brought tears, but you will have to read it yourself and see if you agree.<br/><br/>I recommend this book. It's not heavy on the history, or drones on about numbers,  like some war stories are.
 The story of Pino was one I had never heard before. I've always enjoyed reading works that are set during WWII and hearing a story new to me, was interesting. This is classified as historical fiction because some of the material is fabricated from what is known at that time but much of it is Pino's story. You get a vivid telling of the events in Italy leading up to the war. I must say, some of the events almost seem far fetched and I wonder if some of the accounts are exaggerated. Pino certainly was a brave young man in his endeavors to help innocent victims during this time. It's a wonderful story full of vibrant Milanese characters who round out the story and provide much realism to the events. I gave it 4 out of 5 stars as it takes the story a bit to get moving. I had to persevere through it to get the action and for the story to move along. The author gives the reader a huge amount of dental. There are a lot of characters to keep track of and sometimes I personally had trouble keeping up with who was who. After a bit of reading it was easier to keep the, all straight. The author also writes extremely descriptive scenes especially of the landscape surrounding the events. This helps to give the read a strong visual for the reader. A wonderful account of an unknown story.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky quickly became a favorite of mine for WWII historical fiction books. I haven't read a book by Mark Sullivan until now and I'm so glad I did. I loved how he prefaced the story with his journey to meeting Pino and learning more about his journey. The book started out a little slow but it was important because during that time I fell in love with the characters. Making the book that much better as I followed along their journey. It was interesting how at times it was hard to forget that Leyers was a German general and how Pino's relationship developed over time. I cried near the end of the book the loss Pino went through was awful and felt so real. It's always so hard to imagine that stories like these are based on real life experiences. I truly breaks my heart that so many people had to suffer. This book will captivate your attention and you will fall in love with the characters. I highly recommend this book!
 This is a FINE novel.  It takes place (mostly) in Milan in Northern Italy during WWII, when the Nazis are in control and the Americans are just approaching the area around Milan.  A young Italian boy-man has been working with a priest to help Jews escape into Switzerland by hiking across the mountains on the border.  Ultimately, at the urging of his parents, to save him from the Nazis,  he volunteers to be a member of the German Operation Todt, which controls German construction and engineering work in the war zone. The expectation is that he'll serve as an aide of some sort, but won't be a combat soldier.  His exploits as the driver for a German general provide much of the interest of the book.  He meets and falls in love with a young Italian woman, a few years older than he is.  Their love story is well-written and moving -- and the many instances where he barely avoids his exposure as a patriotic Italian, lend well-written suspense to the story.
 Beneath A Scarlett Sky by Mark Sullivan is probably the best book I have ever read. I absolutely could not put it down. The chapters are completely relatable. The description of all of the action is virtually palatable. You can smell the air in the mountains when Sullivan described them, fell the snow falling and the ice chill of the air. You can feel his fear in each dangerous situation Pino encounters and experience the love he has for Anna.<br/><br/>The story is mesmerizing; an untold story of World War II and the atrocities suffered by the Italian people during the last two years of the war under the occupation by the Nazis. I recommend Beneath A Scarlett Sky to anyone who enjoys learning about history and/ World War II.
 First let me say the subject matter of this book is far out of my wheelhouse. I've never been interested in tales of WWII or Nazis; I read mostly medieval historical fiction. Once in a while I like to switch gears and read something different. This is simply one of the best books I've ever read. Aside from the fact that it's based on a true story, it has everything; action, adventure, tragedy, brutality, romance, love, intrigue! Pino Lella is a hero and bore more grief and heartbreak than most people do in a lifetime. All I can say is you will not be disappointed in this book. It's no happy ending but it's a tale of resilience like no other. This story should be a movie or even a mini series!
 there was Italy and Austria.  These along with a few other countries that Hitler tried to own have their own heartbreaking stories of WWII.  I am not sure if it has just been MY choices of written history and fiction surrounding this war that meant I never read or heard much about Italian war experiences.  This book kept my attention and broke my heart on several occasions.....the atrocities committed by the Nazis under Hitler's orders in Italy left me reeling.  It was good to know how much was done by the population and the Catholic Church to save the majority of the News that lived there!  An excellent book that will keep you engrossed all the way.  It is still very difficult for me that so many of the evil commanders in Hitler's power walked away, lived to be old men and died natural deaths.  God will deliver their judgement one day.
 I am so glad that I chose this as my April Kindle First book. I got to reading it late, as I was in the middle of a couple of other books, when I got this. I see from the reviews, that it is probably the best reviewed novel of any Kindle First, so far. It is an amazing book and had I paid $20 for it, I would not have been disappointed. I have read in the author's biography, and in other reviews, that Mr. Sullivan is an acclaimed and award-winning author, was a volunteer in the Peace Corps, began his career as an investigative reporter and is an avid skier and adventurer. He is thus the perfect person to write this incredible story about this courageous, adventurous and caring young man who was indeed an unsung hero of the Second World War, in the area of Milan, Italy. I won't go into the story, as many have already done so and you can also read the description. Suffice it to say that this is an amazing book about an amazing person. As I began the book, I thought the writing a bit simple. Then I realized that he was writing it, though in the third person, as it might have been told by the seventeen-year old Pino, himself. It is his mind and his emotions we are experiencing. I knew very little about the war in Italy and this book certainly enlightened me a great deal. It also moved me a great deal, as I cared very much for this courageous young man. I see that it is only $4.99 on Amazon, for those who didn't get it for free. I urge everyone to go and buy it. You will not be disappointed!
 Aside from being a "cannot put down" kind of book, this book also educates the reader and challenges common beliefs and perceptions.  The setting is Italy during WWII and the story is from the perspective of a young man torn between survival, protecting his loved ones, and patriotism.  There is no happy ending (there never can be with war stories), but there is truth- the kind that cruelly describes how you may be persecuted for DOING WHAT'S RIGHT!  The author graciously spares us the gory details but still manages to paint a picture of this horrendous time.  I was amazed to discover the story was based on true events.  This made me contemplate the number of real-life hero stories out there that have yet to be discovered and put into print!
 The story, itself, is a 5. It is the previously untold saga of a boy turned man too quickly and brutally in WWII Italy. The author did thorough research to confirm as much of the tale as possible. The only reason I gave  it a 4 was because at times the writing felt choppy and  the dialogue a bit stilted. Overall, though, the book is captivating and difficult to put down.
 There have been so many books written about the Nazis and the resistance during WWII and I thought I have read many of them, but I had never read one about the Italian resistance. This novelized story is a true account of the main character, whom we meet at the beginning of the novel as a 17 year old boy. His narrative, as told by Mr. Sullivan, reveals a somewhat naive and sometimes almost whiny mentality that is somehow also brave, steadfast and even heroic. Pino Lella, the main character, and other characters we meet are real and developed as much as any characters would be that you had heard described over and over again by a friend over the course of many years. Pino also has close contact with many famous people, including Mussolini, so the reader gets to imagine fascinating true encounters with these historical figures.<br/>  At times the writing seemed stilted and at other times I couldn't put the book down, almost like it was written by two different people. One thing is obvious: the author went through a great deal of effort to authenticate and research the book. I'm glad that I chose this Kindle First selection if for no other reason than I learned a great deal about the time and place.
 Pino, war spy.  I'd like to know how the Colonel knew that, too.  One of the great mysteries we'll never know.<br/><br/>How passionate a man was Pino...how brave in his actions during WWII.  He even lost the respect of his brother and best friend by spying against the Nazis.<br/><br/>And his love for Anna-Marta never wavered from the first time he saw her outside the bakery!  Maybe in war time feelings are intensified.<br/><br/>His ability to fix and really drive a car allowed Pino to be in the right place at the right time.  And my how he could drive, as demonstrated in the book!<br/><br/>Pino shared the losses in this book. Losses that can never be replaced but can always be remembered.<br/><br/>I think the author did a wonderful work with this book.  Some parts I wanted to close my eyes and skip over...but I read through this book in record time!  I couldn't put the book down!<br/><br/>I really hope they're making a movie of this!
 I highly recommend 'Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel' for anyone interested in Italy's perspective on the Nazi's and Fascist roles in decimating Italy under Adolf Hitler. It was insightful to view much of the war through the eyes of Peno Lella, the driver of Hitler's left-hand man Hans Leyers. For a primary source who was in a 'natural position' to spy on the goings-on's and strategies of the Third Reich from the driver's seat, from the left-hand general-under-Hitler's living room and bedroom, and even with his face-to-face interaction with Mussolini, it's simply mind-boggling to think few, if any, ever saw, heard or believed this story.  Not the Allies, not the Italian 'Nuremberg trials', because most of the documented evidence was destroyed and allowed Leyers to survive and thrive in the shadows until his death, even 'burial with honors' in a church cemetery, with little if any of this story of his complicity in the extermination-by-labor of thousands, passed-on to Leyer's children. Thanks, Mark Sullivan, for giving over a decade of your life to spend time with Peno and listen and empathize with his role, losses, and coping strategies to move-on with his life. It also helped me reflect on personal failings in my own life, and ask, 'How has my heavenly Father used these to draw me to Him, and see His hand in the midst of evil?'
 This is an amazing story and stories about heroes need to be told.  That's why I am giving this book five stars despite my slight disappointment and doubt about a couple of small things.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book, but about 100 pages in I checked the Amazon listing for the book and the negative reviews because I thought the writing seemed aimed at a juvenile audience.  Many of the negative reviewers seemed over the top angry about the youthful aim of the writing.  It wasn't that childish and I found the story way too compelling and interesting to stop reading like some of the negative reviewers did.  My thought is that the book began with a juvenile tone because the hero, Pino, was only 15.  As Pino matured the writing matured.<br/><br/>I had this book in hard copy and on kindle for quite awhile before I started reading.  I have a difficult time with historical fiction because I like to know what's real and what is imagination.  And after time passes the real and the fake get blended in my mind and become confused. It makes me uncomfortable.  So, in this book I don't know what and how much is true.  Was Pino really in all those places?  Was he there when the mistress and maid were shot?  Was he truly going to jump off the roof of the cathedral and was Cardinal Schuster really up there too?  Even in the mid 1940's Milan was a fairly big city and it seems unlikely to me that Pino witnessed or was involved in so many events.<br/><br/>A hugely interesting story and sometimes gory and heartbreaking.  I like that we learn what happened to many of the people in the chapter at the end.<br/><br/>Don't skip the Preface.  It's important to know how this book came about.
 This is the best Kindle First book I have ever read. It may be one of the best books I have ever read. "Plot" doesn't exactly apply since although it is a novel, it is closely based on a true story of one man's heroic efforts to save his countrymen and country from the horrors of Nazi rule. The major characters are all historic figures, and they are beautifully portrayed. General Layers, the "villain" so to speak, is a great example. One of the most powerful German generals, he has pretty much disappeared from history and leaves a mixed legacy of efficient brutality and mercy (saving a few children from the concentration camps). His motives are suspect (self-preservation?) but to the end of his life he remained an enigma. The bravery of the hero is indisputable, yet as is often the case, he is modest about his accomplishments and conflicted about his participation and the consequences of his actions, some of which are tragic.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in WWII history, particularly in Italy, and anyone interested in reading about the incredible nobility of the human spirit in the face of horror.
 Wow! I read this book over the course of a few weeks but every time I put it down I was called back.  Even said once, "I left Pino on a mountain and I have to get back to him!"  That is how much I became engrossed in the book.  The writing is perfect and makes you feel like you are with the young men as they fight for their and their loved ones survival during the last few months of WWII in Milan Italy.  I've read several books about WWII and the Nazi atrocities over the past few months, even first person accounts of being in the concentration camps and none of them brought me into this war like this one did.  This is a true story, one about a true hero.  Read it now.  It has changed my view on war and mankind forever.
 This wonderful and tearful story is true and amazing.  I am so glad I read about the heroic journey of Pino Lella, a great Italian patriot who saved hundreds of Jews during World War II.  I have read many books about the war in Germany and France but this is the first one about the devastation brought on Milan during the war there.  This is a novel only in that conversations are imagined by the writer, but the facts of Pino Lella's life are true and were told to the author by Lella himself.  I recommend this book highly to anyone interested in Italian history, especially anyone of Italian heritage who may have known someone who survived World War II.
 I chose this book because I realized that I knew next to nothing about WW II in Italy.  It's not a blow by blow account of the military battles, but a story of how many unsung Italians felt with the Nazi occupation with some insight to the various partisan and resistance forces in Italy.  The "hero" of the tale accomplished feats of bravery while at the same time maintaining a surprising low profile.  At the end of the book the author provides updates and speculation as to what happened to the major players after the war.  It's a very personal account of how he came to write the book and develop a friendship with the book's hero.
 Milan during German Occupation.  A compelling story of one family's attempts to navigate the factions, infidelities and furor of war.<br/><br/>It gets off to a slow start.  But stick with it because it becomes a page turner.<br/><br/>Mark Sullivan tells you in his Aftermath and Acknowledgments that there was a lot of research coming from multiple sources.  He mostly writes well, but there are a few places he struggles just a little too hard to write literary.  With a little bit more time to rewrite and some good editing, the book would have benefited.  But, most readers are not noticing that and giving it five stars because the story itself is five stars, and the writing is good enough.
 The thread of the story developed from the real life and world of this ordinary young man who found his way to live a truly heroic life because of, or in spite of, his experiences in War torn WWII Italy is inspirational and humbling.<br/><br/>He was young, innocent and had what appeared to be a wonderful future at 17 years old. All that changed as Milan became a focal point for destruction and then German management of the Italian Front. Thrust into doing extraordinary things woven into his familiar world, he stepped up to every challenge.<br/><br/>The atrocities he witnessed were unimaginable at the time. But the love he found amidst it all was a beautiful gift, offering hope and promise as his faith was continually challenged.<br/><br/>A must read for anyone who likes history or needs to learn how to find something positive to hold on to moving forward after experiencing some of the worst human beings can do to each other.
 MAGNIFICO!tot<br/><br/>I thought this was a work of fiction and couldn't believe the author had such vivid detail ... hmmm!  It is captivating, harrowing, totally engaging!<br/>I couldn't wait for the next page and the next and the next...<br/><br/>The story of Italy during WW2 and FAMILY!  And, together (and individually) they played their part in the resistance.  Saving Jews, fighting the Reich and Mussolini.<br/><br/>THEN, at the end the author does a post script and you find out that this is NON-FICTION and was told to him by one of the then young members of the family.  I CRIED MY EYES OUT at the injustice of the Court of the Haag, the corruption.<br/><br/>Do yourself a BIG favor ... READ THIS BOOK (or get it on Audible!)
 17-year old Pino lives in Italy. It is 1943 and the town of Milan is being bombed, constantly. His parents send him to a boys school near the Alps for safety reasons. There, he delivers many Jewish people to Switzerland and safety.<br/>His parents call him home and urge him to join the German army in order to save him from a certain death. He soon becomes the driver for a general of the German high command. He comes to realize that, now, he is in a position to spy for the resistance.<br/><br/>I just loved this book-it is definitely a best book of the year!! It describes a little known hero. I would highly recommend this book. They are making a movie of this, but iI have no idea when it is coming out-can't wait!!!
 This story illuminates good in a world that was overtaken by great evil for some time. Pino Leila is a hero without knowing it. His bravery saves lives and inspires others. And no matter what happens, he maintains a sense of right and wrong. This book also highlights the danger spies were in because many pretended to be Nazis or fascists. This book is a reminder that you don't always know someone 's true intentions, and in a situation like this, it can literally mean life or death for people. Tip is book has everything in it - comedy, romance, suspense, action, etc. I love that this story is about a real person who did amazing things to save his country an the individual lives of those specifically targeted by the Nazis.
 Obviously a book about the final years of WWII in fascist Italy is going to deal with some hard subject matter, and though my preference would have been for somewhat less graphic descriptions, I imagine the author felt that truth to history and honor to those who suffered called for the harsh detail that made me squirm.  The storyline (based on a real-life character) is gripping.  I learned a lot about the Italian theatre of this horrible war, and was reminded of the number of unsung heroes who stepped up to bravely fight back, while so many succumbed to understandable helplessness.  Recommended, but with some caution.  Inspiring, but not necessarily uplifting.
 This book is so compelling! I can't recommend it highly enough. The story of Pino Lello, an Italian teenager thrust into his roles of mountain guide, Nazi driver, and Resistance spy is even more touching because it is a true one. I found it hard to put down. Be sure to read the author's notes at the beginning and end of the book where he tells how he because aware of Pino's story and the steps he took to research the details for the book. Now I want to find more books written by Mark Sullivan AND more books about what happened in Italy during WW II.
 The heroism of this young man in WWII is amazing and the telling of the story by Sullivan is first-rate. When you first see a book with so many 5-star reviews, you have to wonder if the writing and storyline live up to that. It is a solid five-star account of an amazing man who helped rescue Jewish people in northern Italy, convey critical information to the resistance movement and spy on one of the top officials of the Nazi occupying forces in Italy in 1944 and 1945. I highly recommend this to anyone who wishes to better understand the amazing efforts it took to defeat Hitler and Mussolini.
 I finished reading this book 2 days ago, and was so overwhelmed I knew I had to take some time to compose my review. I read several of the other reviews and much of what has already been said I would echo: gripping, a page-turner, stayed up late reading it, vivid characterization, stunning visuals of northern Italy, suspense, action, loyalty, courage, love and also the depraved, cruel side of human nature. Let us never forget how ugly war is, to not repeat it, as if humans ever learn! General suggestion for all readers, always read book preface, then you know it is a true, historical story. I will not give the ending away, but overall, reading the book was a very emotional experience. Also be sure to read the after notes about what happened to characters after the war. Some say this story seems implausible to have happened to Pino, but I find that truth is usually stranger than fiction. This book reminded of the story of "Unbroken" which I have not read or seen the movie because I think it would make me cry.  I also would echo that person who wrote that this would make a great mini-series. (Hello Amazon, I believe you are doing TV now, hint hint!) After reading Pino Lella's story, I want to go to Italy and give him a big, long hug ... .
 This book is well-worth your time to read.  It is set in WWII Milan, Italy.  Although fiction, the book is based on real people of the time and real events. It was an eye-opener to me what the people went through to survive the Hitler invasion and the eventual complete over-taking of the city and its economy.  The main character finds himself helping in the war effort, first as a guide to help Jews escape the country and then as a driver for a top man in Hitler's regime which put him in an excellent position to spy for the Alllies.  The intriguing part is Pino was a real person who actually did these things when he was a teenager. Beneath A Scarlet Sky is a spy-thriller with an element of romance and a tribute to the Italian people who, although living in severe hardship, didn't falter to help others in need. This book had an effect on me that will stay with me a long time, perhaps forever.
 Fantastic character development, true yet almost unbelievable plot twists, and historical inside look at Milan during WWII. The author shows this piece of the war through the lens of a 17 year old boy who is forced to grow up and face tragedy/trauma beyond human comprehension. Pinto is brave, terrified, enraged, beguiled, hopelessly in love and full of despair as he goes through the trials of being thought of as a traitor while working as the personal driver for General Leyers, the German officer second to Hitler, as a spy for the Allies. Couldn’t put it down.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read.  I could not put it down.  It is a true story of a 17 year old boy growing up in WWII Milan, Italy. The war and Allied bombing of Milan is getting steadily worse, and his parents send him to a  boy's school in the mountains on the border of Switzerland, that is run by a priest.  The priest sends him on strenuous hikes and builds his stamina and strength and the knowledge of the mountain trails. After he is sufficiently trained he guides Jewish people who are fleeing the Nazis to safety in Switzerland.  Then he is called back home because he is nearing his 18th birthday and has to register for the draft or join the military.  His parents tell him it would be safer for him to join the German Army, and he does, but then his friend and his brother think he is a traitor to Italy.  He has many tragedies in the way of friends and family members losing their lives in the war, and witnessing personally the horrors of wartime and the atrocities committed by the Nazis.  It is suspenseful and I felt what he felt and cried when he cried.  I felt this book was on par with "Unbroken" by Laura Hillenbrand.  If you enjoyed that book and movie, you will love this book.
 Engrossing and detailed, the WW II novel, based on true events, reveals the story of a courageous young man.  In 1943, as incidents of atrocities abound, seventeen year old, Pino Lella, residing in Milan, Italy, begins to participate in the war effort against the Germans.  The novel describes the hardships under the German occupation, the fear in the communities, and the struggles of the Lella family amid the hopes and desires of a young man.  Pino Lella’s fascinating story unfolds in a series remarkable of events.  Lella’s work and encounters with high-ranking Nazis, lead the ordinary teen in many ways, to emerge as an unsung hero.  The author details the politics and rivalries between the fascists, the Resistance and the communists in Italy.  Sullivan’s well researched, biographical novel depicts many realistic scenes of monstrous acts as witnessed by Lella.  The story is both captivating and informative.
 One of the best, if not the best, WWII historical fiction novels I have read. It increased my knowledge of the Italian portion of the war and gives the reader a taste<br/><br/>The reader is provided an up close and personal view of what being invaded and conquered by fascists would be like. The story is told through the eyes of Pino Lello, a happy go lucky young man who suddenly finds himself in the middle of a war and then in an occupied country. The story of a young who grows up quickly and becomes a man and a patriot.<br/><br/>The story is realistic and complex. And like life, the good guys do not always win praise, and sometimes good deeds are indeed punished. The dark side of fascism is exposed, along with the motives, personalities, and character of men who do unspeakable evil.<br/><br/>I recommend this book should be required high school reading. It shows the true face of war.
 An exceptional and fascinating true story about World War II in Italy. This story kept me hanging to the edge of my seat all the way through this incredible true account of a young Italian boy in Nazi controlled Italy during the last years of the war. I was captivated by the bravery and courage this young hero showed while saving Jews through the Catholic underground railroad from Italy to Switzerland, and then as an Allied spy during his time as the driver of Hitler's second in command in Italy, General Hans Leyers. As the author notes in the preface, so many books and stories have been written or told about D-Day and the Allied campaigns across western Europe and about other heroes who helped rescue Jews in other European countries, but little has been told of the Catholic underground railroad to save Italian Jews and the Nazi occupation of Italy. Before reading this book, I was not as knowledgeable about what happened in Italy during World War II (in fact, some call Italy the "Forgotten  Front") and the author did an excellent job describing the atmosphere of the time and what it may have felt like to be in this Italian boy's position. The author did a great job researching and providing details of the time.<br/><br/>I rarely write reviews of books that I read. I only do so for books that leave a lasting impression on me and that I know will stay in my memories for many years. I very highly recommend this book. Don't let the opportunity pass to read about the true story of this incredible hero!
 This is a remarkable tale told of a young man's exploits and brave acts during a terrible period in the history of his country. Pino Lella was one of the survivors of the infiltration of Nazis upon his city, Milan. But he was more than that. As a mere 17 year-old, Pino guided Jews across treacherous snowy mountains to Switzerland's border, and as a spy for the Resistance, he drove around one of Hitler's righthand men, the mysterious General Leyer. For such a young person, he always displayed courage, resilience and quick-thinking action. There was plenty of life lived by Pino in the two years that his country endured its alliance with Germany, which makes this a terrific  read from cover to cover. Even better, the book also includes a great love affair. And not only does the book intimately reveal a slice of life in a very troubled and ravaged  city during World War 2, but it provides an insight into Mussilini's demons as well, a thing not found in history books.
 In all honesty I purchased this book on a whim. Although I enjoy any book  genre I'm usually drawn to fantasy and YA.  I devoured this book within a few days. I tried  to draw it out the best I could but towards the end I was on the edge wondering how it all turned out for the survivors. I'm not much of a history buff,  yet this book made me want to venture more into WWII. Sullivan did an exceptional job as a storyteller. Although this time in history has been written about countless times his version was a rare point of view. With every chapter I felt as if I was there experiencing each heartache first hand. I would highly recommend it to anyone. Its beautiful, poignant and makes you reflect on humanity as a whole both past and present.
 A great book written about the 2nd war taking place particularly in Italy which I did not realize was so impactful. The author was detailed but not overtly so. I felt like I was there with Pino and could really feel the emotions he was feeling. Knowing this was a true story made it even better, I couldn't get enough. I am sad that I finished it so quickly but it was a book I could not put down voluntarily. I just had to know how/if Pino would persevere through all the heartbreak he endured. One of the best Kindle first books ever!
 Set in Italy during the second world war it follows the early life of Pino Lella. An amazing recount of his time leading Jews throughout the mountains of Switzerland and later chronicling his time as a Nazi driver and spy for the allied forces. Although fictionalized, it seems that author has done a great deal of research to make the story as accurate as possible. Once you start reading it you will not be able to put it down. Better than any preconceived plot, it twists as the events of life are unpredictable regardless of the well known history of the era.
 Based on a true story (kinda maybe)  in Italy during the last two years of the second World War, this story follows the life of a young man, Pino Lella, who finds himself assigned as the driver of one of the most powerful Nazi officials in Italy. He accompanies this General throughout northern Italy as the war deteriorates and comes to a violent and tragic end.<br/><br/>A very worthwhile story that author Mark Sullivan was lucky enough to learn of, then putting several years of research into piecing together as many of the details as he could. He presents it as a biographical / historical novel.<br/><br/>I could not put the book down and even read it at work ignoring the phones and everything around me. This book drew me into its remarkable sadness.
 This sat in my Amazon Wish List for a while before I bought it. I wish I read it sooner though! Worth all five stars! It was a fascinating page turner. This young man’s journey through war-torn Italy... while witnessing ungodly acts of war... trying to do what is right in his heart and by his faith in God... while simply trying to survive each day. There’s also a little love in the book, but she is his motivation and relief throughout the war, not the whole story. It’s historical fiction. Beautifully written. You will connect with the main character instantly. Just buy it and read it.
 THE GOOD: This is a must read for fans of WWII stories. I have read several, but this was my first based in Italy. It reads like a novel and is a memorable story. You won't forget about Pino Lella.<br/><br/>THE BAD: It doesn't hold a candle to The Nightingale, The Book Thief or Unbroken. The story lacked a plot line, the characters were underdeveloped and the dialog was juvenile. Here's an example: “I saw bad things today,” Pino said, emotional again. “I heard them, too.” Also, the author's TMI story at the opening of the book should have been excluded.<br/><br/>THE UGLY: The narrator awful. Zzz.... He is monotone (even at 115% speed) and his accents are terrible! He even added his own words to the story as he was reading. For example, he read "3:00 a.m." as "three o'clock a.m.". No one says three o'clock a.m., man!<br/><br/>Read it, but read it by yourself. Do not listen to this one.
 This is without a doubt the best novel that I have read in the past few years.  Mark Sullivan has provided us with an endearing story written about a young Italian man faced with the agony and trauma of World War II, forced to make choices that no one should be faced with, and both brave and smart enough to figure out and execute the difficult tasks assigned to him.  This dramatic work is based on the life of a forgotten hero, an incredible youngster whose courage and toughness allowed him to not only survive his exploits but to also be instrumental in saving hundreds of lives of those fleeing wartime Italy.<br/><br/>Thank you Mark Sullivan for this literary treat with its wonderful yet sad story, reminding us of what the human spirit is capable of and that every day needs to be enjoyed for whatever it brings.  "For it is better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all."
 An incredible true story of WWII heroism.  This covers all the sides of war-the heroism, the young innocents lives taken, the evil Nazis and all their victims, the collaboraters,  the angry mobs, the bombing and destruction and more.  This would certainly make an excellent movie.  The fact that this is true is amazing.  It gives one faith that even in the worst of times there were those who risked their lives to save the innocent and defeat evil.  It gives a view of WWII in northern Italy which  I haven't read or seen in film.  For example, while Rome and southern Italy were freed much earlier-Northern Italy was under Nazi control to the last days of the war something I was unaware. I don't want to give any details away.  My only negative point would be:  I wish some of the characters were fleshed out a bit more, their thoughts/feelings and motivations.  The best way to describe it without giving away details is:  It's part Schindlers List, part The Book Thief, part For Whom the Bell Tolls, and part something else.  Highly recommend it.
 The author did a fantastic job in bringing this story back to life, a story of love and courage during the war. Sullivan is a great storyteller, he did it in such a way that it was captivating, touching and amusing at the same time.<br/><br/>The depiction of the characters grappling with pain and loss during the war and hoping for a better tomorrow stirred in me a lot of empathy. Comforting words from Father Re, Uncle Albert, Cardinal Schuster in the book came at the right moments during the plot and suggesting that no matter how deep you might find yourself within a predicament, there is always room to prevail and live your life to the most. Life can be far from perfect at times but we must always be grateful for the miracle of every moment and try to enjoy the small luxuries of life.<br/><br/>At the end it was Love and Courage that won. Just as Father Re would say: « If we lose love, all is lost ».<br/><br/>I would like to thank Mark Sullivan and everyone that contributed to this work. We would probably have not known about Pino Lella if the author did not conduct research and compile into an incredible story.<br/><br/>War is bad. It’s always a bad thing no matter the motives behind it.<br/><br/>I didn’t want the book to finish, as I started reading the last two pages I played 'Nessun Dorma' on repeat from my phone. My mind was still in Milan even after I had finished the book. So I decided to go get myself a mushroom Risotto.
 Based on a true story the characters came to life immediately in my mind. I liked the courage of the young boys who became men during the story. Sadness hit like a punch in the stomach at several points, but it's during WWII as the Nazis are being driven out of Italy, reprisals and terrible losses. Kept me reading each night wanting to find out how it would end for the main character, ended with a huge surprise just when I thought I knew what would happen next. I'm a history buff and so much of the ending are little know facts about secret relationships with the failing German high command and the allies come out.<br/> The story ends, well for me, but the author's notes on the real main character was a more fitting ending for me.
 I finished "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" this evening and cannot stop thinking about it. Pino Lella's story is incredible. His actions as both a guide and a spy would be challenging for even the most trained of men, but he was a boy when it started. To imagine his silence about his intense experience for so many years - it is heartbreaking. I feel fortunate that he decided to share, and that we the readers can listen. I hope he is able to find some peace through the process with this book.<br/><br/>The writing itself was superb. I found myself lost in this, completely engrossed in this film playing in my head. I obviously don't have the pleasure of knowing Pino, but Sullivan's writing paints a very real, fleshed out character. He characterized Pino so well, that I was surprised to return to Sullivan's commentary at the end.<br/><br/>And of course, the sheer amount of research and interviews that would go into a project like this is mind boggling. It may have taken a decade, but the end result is well worth the effort.
 I gave this book 4 stars because it took me quite a while to become fully engaged. Was this the fault of the author and the book or my own reticence to become involved with a young Italian boy whose future I couldn't see coming? I'm not certain.<br/>I bought the novel because it was highly recommended in an online book club I belong to, but knew nothing about it. I just started reading. I'm so glad I did. It's not for the faint of heart though. It was quite graphic in it's depiction of Nazi occupied Milan during WWII and the brutality and insanity of wartime behavior. It was disturbing in it's frankness and totally believable. That is the heartbreaking part.<br/>There is much beauty in it as well though. Beautiful descriptions of Alpine Italy and the joy of participating in it's challenges. Evocative descriptions of music and its role in experience and memory.  Unfathomable examples of courage and devotion.<br/>I also did not know until the very end that it was all based on the real life experiences of Pino Lella and his friends, family and military associates as he navigated life through some serious hairpin turns.<br/>I don't know how to express how much I love and admire that man for keeping his sanity (mostly) and his open heart (totally) though both seemed lost to him at several times in his unfolding story. That he survived, and even thrived, inspires me to believe in the untapped depths of strength and love we have the capacity for.
 I chose to read this book even though I'm a non-fiction fan. This book is a blend of  biography and history, telling the story of a very brave young man in Italy before, during and after WWII drawn from personal interviews with the man, and others, by the author. The author is very descriptive of persons, places, and feelings, and it was hard for me to put down while attending to other things in my life. I kept being drawn back, even though the subject matter was heart-wrenching since it deals with the Nazis in Italy toward the end of the war, and how they treated the people so horribly in their attempt to win the war. There were some surprises toward the end that I could not have foreseen. You won't be disappointed in this book, and now I'll be looking for others written by Mark Sullivan.
 This should be required reading for high school seniors or college freshmen, in my opinion. It is troubling to be so mightily aware of how depraved man can be yet so uplifting to be aware also of how self sacrificing man can be. The story is riveting, troubling, moving and opens a new awareness without the glamor of Hollywood's romanticizing of war. So much has been sacrificed for our generation and future generations. I believe this account helps us to have more understanding.  I do not believe in coincidence and this account shows over and over how God works to bring about His ends. While times may be hard and look impossible God weaves His tapestry. Read deeply and see how He works. There are no coincidences--
 This story was a depiction of life in Italy during and after W W2.  How horribly they were treated by the Nazis and the Fascists under the crazed puppet of the leader of their country, Mussolini.  Pino was an Italian young boy who became the driver for a cruel German General. He became a spy and reported back to the Italians about the Nazis. From here the story takes many interesting  twists and turns and then towards the end we learn it was a true story carefully researched by the author.  This book I would highly recommend as a historical and very interesting story.  I learned so much of value in leading my own life because of this account.
 I waded in tentatively, warily, feeling I was in danger of risking loyalty I somehow  felt I owed Anthony Doerr;s All The Light We Cannot See----a stupid sentiment if ever there was one. But, there it was. I was a big fan of that book, and I wasn't anxious to challenge its place within my heart. Once in, I risked losing interest. This story, while interesting wasn't a competitor. I needn't have worried.<br/><br/>But, what is?  Nothing I know, so at some point I was freed to graze in this tilted , wild landscape.<br/><br/>Oh my. Am I ever glad I did. I  tremble in fear that Hollywood has got its mitts on a story as rich, as unlikely, as  unbelievable as this. The only way to know this is true is knowing that it has to be, no one could have made this up. Its simply too incredible.<br/><br/>And it is well titled too: a scarlet sky indeed. A scarlet sky.<br/><br/> Trust me. This is a perfect title. Read it for yourself.<br/><br/>You'll see.
 Extremely well researched and the initial intention of the novel being non-fiction seems to display itself in some of the prose. An excellent account of scarce history of Northern Italy during World War II. The first one I have read from an Italian's point of view and it was a revelation. If I have any criticism of this work, it is just one....I believe the author makes a fair attempt at describing the atrocities of the Nazi regime but fails to evoke strong emotion and make an impact, in most places, by limited use of vivid vocabulary to describe the horrors. An excellent read I highly recommend in the genre of historical fiction.
 I've been introduced to a new author to follow.  This book was a terrific page-turner.  At one point I nearly read right through the night because this story is so compelling and full of suspense.  It must be read it all the way through and then you get the cherry-on-whipped-cream with his epilogue.  This is also the first time I've come across a WWII history/novel with Italy as the featured place of action.
 A hard to put down fact based novel of the last two years of World War II in Northern Italy.  Pino Lella, a seventeen year old young man, becomes the driver of  Major General Hans Leyer.  A very important Major, who reports only to Hitler.  Pino reports all of his travel and German operations to the Italian Resistance and American Allies.  His courage and undying loyalty to Italy is remarkable.  Many a times, he is faced with being caught, but with his quick wit, he can see another day.  The brutality and unforgiving acts toward the Italian Jews were shocking.  Times between 1939 and 1945 throughout Europe were troubling and treachous times.  It was only through people like Pino, notable people of the church, the behind the scenes resistance groups and our Allies that this war came to end.  The scars ran deep, but the determination of the Italian people to rebuild helped to bring new life to the country.
 What a powerful story! Sullivan beautiful retells the unbelievable experience of Pino Lella. This book has stuck with me. I barely slept the night I finished. I'm not very good with war or real-life horror... but it is necessary that we learn about those times. That we listen to those who survived is imperative to how we move forward as people and as societies. It is incredibly important to see how ordinary people choose the good or bad side, and what extraordinary things happen in those terrible times. I'm so grateful Pino shared his story and that they took the time to research, write and publish it. If you have any interest in studying humanity in our worst times you MUST read this. It never ceases to amaze me how grey life really is.
 Coming late to the game there isn’t much more I can add to what others have written. I have been reading a lot of historical fiction lately, which all seem to center around WWII.  This book was by far the best, with a riveting story plot  and unforgettable characters. It  enlightened me on topics I knew very little  about; the Nazi Occupation of Italy and the true life story of a very heroic young man.<br/>I tend to purchase books in a variety of formats but I’m delighted I opted for the hardback in this one. I have already loaned it out to family and have many friends waiting for a turn.  When they are all done, this one’s going back in my personal library!
 I am old enough to have vague recollections of WW II.  However, I was unaware of all the happenings in Italy.  There were some surprises in the book which made me sad, but since this is based on a true story, they are part of it.  Life is often full of surprises and sometimes hard.  I enjoyed the book and passed my Kindle on to my wife to read this book.  She doesn't really like to read on electronic media, but recently said of this book that "it is addictive."  I think anyone who likes to read true stories from WW II will enjoy this book.
 This is the first book I've read in a while that doesn't start off boring and long. Right off the bat the book had me hooked and kept me hooked all the way through the end. The book had so much character development and was so in depth with Pino that I felt like I was right there with him feeling the pain and suffering he was going through. I didn't shed a tear until the end when the author showed the photo of Pino that made it surreal to me. As I read it I enjoyed the story I thought it was so sad, heartbreaking, and yet inspiring but once I hit they photo I couldn't help but cry knowing all that had actually occurred to real person not just in the imagination of another person. This book was really good and I liked how the author mentioned the names of the people who helped him validate the story in the acknowledgements, this made me realize who was still alive (from the book) to tell Pinos story. The only little flaw I had was how many close calls or escapes from death Pino had during his war time, that part made me question if a person can actually have that many close calls. But other then that this book was very good I would highly recommend it.<br/><br/>After reading The Nightingale and Beneath a Scarlet Sky back to back I'll have to lay off the World War II books and quickly read something with a happily ever after books so I don't become depressed. Haha
 Wisdom, courage and strength coupled with heartbreak and a love that eluded our protagonist is truly a tale for the ages.<br/><br/>His quote near the end sums up a truth we all should learn: "We never know what will happen next, what we will see, and what important person will come into our life, or what important person we will lose. Life is change, constant change, and unless we are lucky enough to find comedy in it, change is nearly always a drama, if not a tragedy. But after everything, and even when the skies turn scarlet and threatening, I still believe that if we are lucky enough to be alive, we must give thanks for the miracle of every moment of every day, no matter how flawed. And we must have faith in God, and in the Universe, and in a better tomorrow, even if that faith is not always deserved.”
 This is the best book I've read in years. I don't normally read thrillers, but I might after this. There were times that the story took such shocking turns that I was talking out loud to the book - "I can't believe it! No way!" I'd have to stop and pause to digest. It reminded me of "The Da Vinci Code," but the "Code" seemed written to be a movie. This one doesn't seem so planned.<br/><br/>I have four students, ages 14 to 18, reading this book for class, and they're all enjoying it. (I assigned it before I had read the whole book.) I think it's appropriate for mature 16-year-olds and up. It's a story of a real-life hero who is also vulnerable.<br/><br/>It's a wonderful story that makes history come alive. Thank you for writing it, Mr. Sullivan.
 I was only 1/3 of the way through the book when I adamantly said, "They have to make a movie of this book!" At the end, I am even more adamant. It is a story that needs to be told. The  book is so descriptive that the scenes played out in my mind's eye as I read and listened to the audio version of the book. And through it all we are privileged to peek into a window and see a 17 year old become an unsung hero and grow into a man in just a few short years. I was reminded of George Bailey from "It's a Wonderful Life" while hearing of his impatience to "do" something, all the while saving more lives than he could ever know. An inspiring, eye opening book, that deserves to become a movie!
 A remarkable untold story of an Italian teenager, Pino Lella, whose WWII experiences started as a guide of Jewish refugees through the Italian alps. His story continues as a driver/spy for a top nazi general. This tale is full of the atrocities of the Italian Fascists, the occupying German Nazis, and the Italian factions in a civil war that rages during this same time. Though fictionalized the author has done an amazing job of winning the trust and story from Lella who only told his story for the first time after many years, typical of many WWII veterans. If you like WWII history and stories, this is a read for you.
 I could not put this book down!  The story of Pino Lella is a masterpiece that chronicles the life of a war hero, and an incredible person. This glimpse of what it was like to be a member of the resistance in WW2, the love story between Pino and Anna, and the testament to the atrocities of the Nazi wrath under Hitler, are both fascinating and devastating to read. This is a spellbinding account of an amazing story.
 This is one of the best books I've ever read. If you're interested in WW II history, this is an invaluable look at Italy during the last two years of the war. The action is nonstop as you follow a teenager through fact-based adventures that seem absolutely impossible. I'm insisting my teenage grandsons read this to help them understand that every one is capable of greatness.
 This true story, told with the fictional mastery of Mark Sullivan, centers about an unlikely hero in Italy during the Nazi occupation. From dangerous escapades to guide Jews to safety to working as a spy inside the Nazi command in Milan, this story takes you, with relentless passion, through those last critical years of WWII.  Always, the hero Pino Lella, is the star. This is an exciting thriller but it is also history that will educate you.  Would that the dry history books that bored me in school had been written like this !
 This is an amazing novel! It’s hard to believe this tale is based on a true story, because the bones of it seem so outrageous, and what 17 year old boy would have these experiences? As a mother of a17 year old boy myself, I was sucked into the novel from the first chapter and lost a few good nights of sleep plowing through these pages and wondering if I would find resolution? I am stunned that yet another World War 2 story could make my heart bleed again. But it did. This is the First World War 2 novel I’ve read with the setting in Italy (I have read several from other countries). I will forever appreciate the human spirit in Italy as I have appreciated it in other lands. It is truly amazing anything survived at all. This tale was gripping, grabbing, and  grueling and enhanced my appreciation for life, love, and the beauty of an ordinary day. An excellent book--well worth my time.
 The author made personal contact, learned first hand the story of Pino Lello. He told the story in detail without giving away the final outcome,  tension building with every page. It is a remarkable story of a talented young man, who performed mature, heroic deeds for the cause of his country.<br/>In addition to all of the relationships described, the sights, sounds, aromas and odors of Italy in war time were well-imagined. With all of the successes there are tragedies, loves tangled. All is woven together to provoke appreciation for Italians' fight for freedom in WWII, the heroism of one man and his family and the resilience of some - young and old - even in troubled times.
 Very well written story about a horrible time in Pino Lella's life. This is an emotional tale with very high highs and the lowest of lows. The heartache described in the book is not over written to sell the story. Every emotion is accurate in such a way that the reader can relate, even 70 year later.<br/>The atrocities of World War II are well known. What is not as well know are the atrocities lived through by individuals.  Mark Sullivan has done an excellent job writing about Pino Lella's struggles to survive World War II Italy.<br/>The one thing I really liked about this book is the way the author wraps up many of the questions about "What happened to..." for each of the major characters.
 I've always been drawn to stories of those who worked behind the scenes of World War II ... the unsung heroes, the ones who worked for the good, when the world was immersed in evil. These people who raise a hand to help those with no voices and then went on to live their lives quietly, not wishing to be called "heroes" for doing what to them was only right.<br/>Pino is one of those heroes, whether he claimed the title or not. At the tender age of 18 he risked all so that others may live. He walked among the worst of humanity and spied for the Allies. Even losing those close to him did not deter him, he soldiered on. It's really a miracle his story was found and told.
 This tale is engrossing from page one. This is one of the few stories that looks at life inside Italy during World War II. From the streets of Milan to the slopes of the Alps and around the villages and country roads of northern Italy,  we get to see the Germans in action, the resistance,  the partisans, and the advancing Americans. There is a heart rending love story. There is the Catholic church. There is the music and some prose that reads like poetry. And all of this, that reads like a Hollywood spy story, is actually true, the non-fiction narrative of the man who lived it as teen. The fact that this story could happen and then be kept secret for sixty years is remarkable.  Read it.
 This work, based upon factual history of the later part of World War 2, is exceptional.<br/><br/>This is an easy to read exciting page turner.  A must for anyone who has even a hint of interest in the strength and reach of Nazi control during WW2, and the personal lives of so many with whom the reader shall become familiar.  It has it all...high risks, love both gained and lost, a bit of violence, conflicts, shocks and filled with drama...the structure of it based upon facts.  Within the aftermath of the book the author offers brief details on many of the main characters of the book, further adding to the authenticity of the era, and storyline regarding the individuals of focus throughout the work.  A novel, I suppose, but more factually supportable than any other historical novel I have ever read.<br/><br/>I highly recommend this book.  Upon doing so you'll give it 5 stars, also.
 The author's writing style was a bit dry and sparse so the book was hard for me to get interested in at first but, after the first few chapters, the story being told took over and I was enthralled.  This is a great tale, in the end well told, that has stayed with me for weeks after finishing the book.  I find myself periodically daydreaming about having a conversation with the central character over a few glasses of wine, much as the author himself did, and hearing this amazing story first hand.  Very worthwhile read.
 Wow! A masterfully presented telling of heroic history nearly left untold.  Having read almost every WWII accounting I can get hold for over 50 years, I have recently taken to accounts from other than the Allies. Setting battle-scarred northern Italy against Alpine grandeur, Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a wonderfully crafted rendition of pre-war and post-war history, contrasting beauty and tragedy, both natural and artistic. Be prepared for sleepiness nights compelled to face good versus evil and virtuous love versus mindless hatrid. You will be well rewarded!
 This is the book I am coming back to, about to reread because it touched me in so many ways. I do that sometimes—read and read again, because under the plot line are so many more messages about life and living and doing what is right.<br/><br/>This is the book I want to give to my teenage grandchildren, because the younger generation need to know what courage can do in the face of impossible odds.<br/><br/>This is a book about hope, even hope in an impossible juxtaposition against great evil.<br/><br/>This is a book that stays with a person long after the last word is read, for this is a book that changes its reader.
 Given the vast majority of 5 and 4 star ratings, I know my review is "swimming against the tide," and likely to get me an above average amount of "not helpful" votes. Nonetheless, I'll be satisfied if it provides some food for thought to even a few people who are considering reading Beneath A Scarlett Sky.<br/><br/>I won’t get into details of the plot as this can be read about in the Amazon Book Description above. Instead, I'll focus my review on what I consider to be its weaknesses and, therefore, it not being a book I'd recommend you rush out to read.<br/><br/>One big problem I had with Beneath A Scarlett Sky is that it is purported to be a true story, yet the author admits he wrote the book based on the main character's telling of his exploits in Italy during WWII without being able to verify the factualness of what was conveyed to him. As such, I took a lot of what was being told about 17-year old Pino Lella's exploits with a "grain of salt," and thus viewed it more as faction that non-fiction.<br/><br/>Also, while everything described may have been true, I had a tough time accepting the Zelig-like fashion the author uses to tell this story, in which he has Pino Lella turn up and play a heroic role, or at least be a witness to, every significant element of wartime life.<br/><br/>Further, I found Sullivan's pacing to be uneven; in that he spends (in my opinion) too much time describing even the most minor details involved in Lella's exploits -- such as his helping Jews to escape across the Alps into Switzerland. As such, instead of these details accomplishing the author's intended purpose of creating a sense of suspense and excitement, it too often caused me to lose concentration and, thus, never feel compelled to want to continue reading to find out what happens next.<br/><br/>In addition to the uneven pacing, I found Sullivan's writing skills in terms of character development, dialogue and in creating a sense of "time and place" to be, at best, serviceable; but more often to be lacking in dimension and depth.<br/><br/>Whether Beneath A Scarlett Sky was more non-fiction, faction or fiction, the story itself -- in the hands of a more skilled writer -- had the potential to be a more exciting and compelling read. For me, however, Beneath A Scarlett Sky was a disappointment.
 I stumbled on this book and immediately was entranced. Set in Italy during the later stages of World War Two the book reads as historical fiction and as a biography. It is well written and highly plausible (makes sense since based on/in true events) and even inspiring--the difficulties encountered by Pino and the setting both served to cause reflection by this reader about how I might handle such trauma and inspire me to read further into the history of that part of the war. I highly recommend this book and will add to this list of must read books for my family members. Enjoy!
 Outstanding read and a terrific story of Pino Lella, his life, love and accomplishments as a young spy during the final years of the German occupation of Italy in WW2. Pino lived in Milan, led Jews across the Alps to safety in Switzerland and traveled Northern Italy as the driver for a high ranking German General while feeding back intelligence to the Italian resistance and British/American armies. Until now one of many unknown heroes, his story if finally told...and what a story it is. The writing, character development and pacing are every bit as good as the story itself. There is little doubt that this was a labor of love for the author...and a book I recommend with confidence.
 I'm so glad this author chose life. Who else would have told this story so well?<br/>The pain, heartbreak and suffering in this story of a downtrodden, mislead, broken country is palpable in this mostly novel based on a real Italian hero, and historical facts.<br/>The story is well written, visual, with all of the senses triggered as I read. My heart broke for the Milanese, and all of Italy, yet I found myself reveling in the romance, laughter, music and humor they shared through it all.<br/>This book has it all. Romance, suspense, mystery, lots of action. It has it all.<br/>Thank you, for loving life enough to bring attention to the war that was under reported.
 Pino Lella is an Italian Forest Gump. He lived through every important part of WWII in Italy, and was closely involved in many of them. This story should be read by everyone. As a history teacher, I found that there were many parts of WWII that were described in great detail, but the story was told in a way that made me want to keep reading. This is what learning history should be like. Thank you Pino, Mimo and everyone who participated in ending the worst atrocities in the history of the world. Thank you for telling your stories.
 Kristin Hannah's, The Nightingale, has been a favorite of mine.  I also loved Lisa Wingate's Before We Were Yours.  I happened upon Mark Sullivan's Beneath A Scarlett Sky while browsing Amazon.  It is definitely worth a read.  This book is based on the true story of Pino Lella, an Italian teen during WWII.  It is hard to put down and moving in so many ways.  Make sure you read the author's preface and then prepare yourself for a story illustrating bravery, resilience, undying love, and forgiveness.  I hope Mark Sullivan writes another book, as I tend to latch onto an author and read everything he/she has written.  5 stars....a great book
 Loved everything about this work except the horrible horrible war. I will never understand how one insane individual can create the charisma ideas and all around cult following to create something as horrific as war. Especially world war II. I'm glad you told Mr Lellas story though. I was born after the war in the U.S. so was unaffected except for history. I had to stop reading twice to read two other books in between as it affected me so emotionally.. An excellent beautiful and horrifying novel. Thank you for the amazing efforts you put into it and Mr Lellas survival through it all. And all those who survived everywhere the Nazi's destroyed life and peace. I hope this review isn't misunderstood. I also hope it makes you wealthy enough to not worry about staying afloat but not too that you crave more than you need. Greed and power are humans downfall to wars. cb
 It took me awhile to really get into this story, but once I did it was easy reading and I enjoyed it overall. I will outline why I could not give it a higher rating. The book was too long and could have been condensed. My biggest beef of all is not the writing style, but the believe-ability of many of the story lines as others have stated in their reviews. I understand the author had to fill in the blanks and therefore noted it as a work of fiction. I get that totally, but even in reading fiction, I expect for the story line not to stretch the limits of credibility. There were many instances in this case which I will not go into. I am not sure what really happened and what didn't in real life.<br/><br/>Now to the positive. I appreciate the background of this book and the author's tremendous effort and many years of research into the remarkable man, Pino Lella. It is an amazing fact that his life story had not been told through the years, but of course, he chose not to talk about it as so many did of that era. I look forward to the movie; however, hope it is not too "Hollywoodish."
 I found the story interesting, although the first half of the book moved a little too slowly as far as I am concerned.  However, as I kept going through the book, my interest expanded.<br/><br/>The story is a cross between a biography and historical fiction.  The author discloses this before the narrative, indicating that it is based on interviews with many of the characters.  However, he had to fill in gaps with fictional accounts of what he thinks may have happened....and in some cases blended characters.<br/><br/>What was particularly interesting to me was that after completing the story, the author gives a detailed account of what happened to the characters after the story ended...which gave me a greater appreciation that much of the story was true.
 This true story helped me feel the horror of living through an unimaginable, demonic time thrust upon the world by Hitler and his evil believers. Most historical fiction I've read focuses on France, but this book made me understand the vise-grip placed on the Italians by the double inhumanity and Godlessness of both Hitler and Mussolini. The selflessness and goodness of Pino Lella, his family, and the holy men who guided them are a lesson we all need to internalize and demonstrate to keep history from repeating itself. The writing was masterful, although way too much description of the geography of the climbing and driving journeys. Especially since this is a true story, it would have been so much better with inclusion of maps of the areas and also with many more photos (perhaps in  second edition.) Pino Lella as a teenager already possessed the goodness, compassion, courage and faith he needed to be a true hero. I would like to read a book written about the parents,family-life, and faith-life of men and women like Pino Lella, we could all benefit from their examples.
 This book was absolutely riveting. It was a Prime Member book option and, quite honestly, I never expected a story of this caliber. Wow!<br/>Found myself looking up historical people and events as I read and was totally astonished by what Pino Lella experienced and lived through.<br/>Warning: The book will take you on an emotional roller coaster ... happy, tragic, exciting, suspenseful, faith-filled, horrific, inspirational, thrilling, mysterious ... ALL of the above.  Make sure you have plenty of free time once you pick it up, because you won't want to put it down.<br/>Mark Sullivan, thank you for telling this amazing true story.  Pino Lella, thank you for demonstrating true heroism through actions that saved countless innocent lives and helped to end WW2!
 If even a few of the experiences this young man had during the war are true as written then this is quite the remarkable story.  There are not many books written about the war in Italy as compared to the rest of Europe so it was very interesting to get a sense of what took place around Milan.  Pino Lella joins the list of people that showed tremendous courage against the Nazi regime.  His story during 1944 and 1945 is compelling and reads like fiction.  It would have been great to know a little more about General Leyers but I understand the author went to great lengths and found limited information.
 The Italy of WWII was shown to be a politically confused Nazi/Facist/Communist/Catholic nightmare.  It is hard to accept that many of the criminals were not punished for their atrocities.  This novel is honest in admitting that many facts were destroyed by the burning of files as well as the desires of many to repress personal memories. Thanks to author Mark Sullivan some facts are revealed and other presumed details are explored.  The importance of love, friendship, and close family relationships are emphasized.  I am happy that Sullivan discovered as much about this story  as he could while people were still alive.
 I found this book to be very interesting, primarily because the characters, settings, and events are all based on true facts.  I gave 4 stars instead of 5 for 2 reasons:  I thought the narrative started off somewhat slowly (but it got better as it went along), and there seemed to be a LOT of misspellings in the Kindle version (may have been the fault of the transcribers and NOT the author).  It is amazing to learn that many of the Italian people did NOT approve of Hitler and his regime; in truth, many native Italians did NOT approve of their own country's leader being involved with The Third Reich AT ALL, and many of them did what they could to sabotage the Nazi war machine in Italy and, as this book portrays, to help Italian Jews escape the country in secret.  Pino Lella is a true hero, and I'm glad that after all these years, his personal tale of success and sacrifice is being shared with the world.
 We follow Pimo a gawky 17 girl crazy Italian boy in Milan at the start of the end of World War II. Being a son of privaledge with a close knit extended family, devoted equally to their Catholic Church, children's education and safety, their top shelf leather purse shop in the fashion district and their love of good food, wine and classical music. Enter Nazis, nightly bombing, abductions of their Jewish musician friends, and a teenager's  will to be treated as an adult verses a child; add a touch of speeding car races and mountain climbing at the apex of the alps Father Re school the city "children "  are shipped to get out of the wart on city.<br/>This is an amazing Italian story that has never been told before.
 Pino Lella is a true hero, who, as a teenager had guts and much heart. He was an eager learner, whether it be traversing dangerous mountains to deliver innocents to safety, or learning to drive a race car, which eventually saved his life. What luck that Pino met Alberto Ascari, future Formula One World Champion.<br/>This is a love story (Anna, dear Anna), as well as a diary of war actions. I found myself looking up characters mentioned in the book, and these people did exist. What Pino Lella accomplished at such a young age, amid such adverse conditions, affected his life, maybe as war would cause PTSD now. He still lives, and I admire him immensely.<br/>I also admire the author, Mark Sullivan, who, at a low point in his life, dedicated so much to making this book such a wonderful treasure.
 This is now one of my 2 favorite books. I’m an English major and English teacher, and am an avid reader. This book is amazing. I read everything I can about WWII and the holocaust, even lived in Poland for a time. This opened my eyes to WWII in Italy, something I was not familiar with before. The writing is superb, and I was there in those mountains as I read, feeling the terror along with those trying to escape and the ones leading them to freedom. The fact that this is a true story blows my mind, and it’s something that more people need to know about.
 The author heard about this former Nazi soldier many years later while at a dinner party in Montana. He traveled to Italy to meet the man and interviewed him numerous times in an attempt to tell the soldier’s story. Most of the book is supposedly true with the author only filling in the tale some to hold the book together. This was a book that I am glad I read but I wish it could have ended a bit differently. I like to think that justice is done in this world. I really was not knowledgeable about wartime events in Mussolini’s Italy but this book gave me a look into this world, and even more shocking to some degree, what happened to so many people after the end of the war. This book is not a forgettable book. It is the kind of story that your mind will keep mulling over in the weeks to come. So many novels are a waste of time and are good only for a few hours of escapism. This book, being a novel based on true events, will teach you what people suffer in times of war. You will not waste your time here.
 This is an incredible, true story of a young man in war-torn Italy.  There is adventure, romance, and a brutally honest description of war and its effects on innocent lives.  It is astounding what two brutal dictators can do.  I hope military leaders and politicians tasked with war decisions read this book to understand the destruction war can cause.  I had never thought about what life would be like in a Nazi-occupied country during the war--it was horrific, beyond what I could have imagined.<br/>That said, this book is an amazing read.  It is well-written, exciting, and the reader will be charmed by Pino and his "con anima."
 Written as a remarkable, riveting novel, one where you cannot put the book down; I read until finished in the wee hours of the morning. Yet this is a true story with characters who are real people. Their remaining lives, history and deaths fill up a chapter at the end.  This is a story that needs to be read! You will not regret it; not in the least.
 I loved this book!  It was based on a true story and was a very exciting read.  I'm not sure everything in it is totally factual but it is an interesting and compelling story.  Many of the negative reviews seem to doubt the veracity of the facts presented in the book.  It is, after all, a story based on actual people and historical events as recalled by the main character, Pino Lella, but it is not a history book.  The book certainly shows the ugliness of war and explains much of what he observed during the Nazi occupation of Italy in WWII.  While there was much sadness and suffering in this story, it was overall very interesting and I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys historical fiction.
 Every now and then one stumbles upon a book that literally takes your breath away. One that you think about the next day (and the day after), that you feel compelled to write a review about, that moves you to tears and completely engrosses you.<br/><br/>Mark Sullivan has created a masterpiece that should sit comfortably on any “top 100 books ever written” list.<br/><br/>Pino Lella, as the main protagonist is infinitely likeable. He is brave without being brash, overcoming his fears, as opposed to having no fear (“Sometimes, when I’m scared, I pretend I’m someone else, someone who belongs”); loves extraordinarily deeply and in those years on the “forgotten front” in Italy during WWII, would experience the highest of heights and the absolute depths of despair. Where most of us live a life in between these two extremes, in a very short period of time, Pino would experience both ends.<br/><br/>The pace of the book is excellent. Fast without being breathless, with the characters complex (enough) and well developed. It’s an easy read, but this is the point. The book gets out of the way of the remarkable story.<br/><br/>Thank you Pino and Mark for sharing this story with the rest of us. We’re all the better for it.
 I loved this story. It was hard to stop reading.<br/><br/>I wish it had been told in the first person, and that the information at the end had been included as Pino's own words. I think that could have been done, with the disclaimer that the book was based on Pino's memories, but was not his actual words.<br/><br/>It was a very moving story and I learned a lot about Italy in World War II, information that I found valuable. I recommend it, and I don't want my little critique or the four stars to stop anyone from reading it. From the point of view of it being an engaging and enjoyable book, I would give it five stars.
 A marvelous story exploring a little known aspect of World War II: the Nazi occupation of Northern Italy.  The book makes the horror of war and its aftermath very immediate and rises above the cliche visions of both WWII and warfare itself.  Highlighting the sacrifices and losses of 1 person who was part of the Catholic church's underground railroad, and then part of the German run local enforcement as a spy, this novel details these little known pieces of history in a strong and engaging style,
 This was an exceptional read &amp; I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to stretch their personal perspective. The true story was told with finesse &amp; passion. There were parts that had me in tears. While the story was brutal in places, I appreciated that it was not gratuitously graphic. Relationships were complex and fleshed out with great writing; sex scenes not required. Historically, I thought it was fascinating, telling the story of a unique 17 year old caught up in the end of WWII in Italy.  So win, win, great writing, great story, &amp; learn something new.<br/>(This had been sitting in my Kindle library from the Prime monthly previews for some time.  It is not the style of book I typically read, so it took me awhile to get to it. And wow, the best of these books ever)
 Great book revealing a little known episode of a courageous young man and his community in their role in fighting  the total evil of the Nazi’s during their occupation of Italy.  The book takes you on a roller coaster of emotions, events, triumph and tragedy that the main character personally experienced.  His direct involvement with the leading players of Nazi occupied Italy  is an incredible story of good overcoming evil.  This book is a must read  for those who  want to be enthralled  and inspired by a true take of courage, while at the same time  experiencing a great story that will engage the reader  to want to go on to the next chapter to  find out what comes next.
 This was a true accounting of a young Italian during WWII and how he wound up being a spy. There are a few things (mainly personal conversations) the writer has had to take liberty with, as the people involved are now deceased.  There is some violence in it, although one would expect that from this type of book. There are adult situations, but nothing graphic. I found the book very interesting and it makes me wonder how many other untold stories there are, and that will remain untold as the "Greatest Generation" leaves this world without sharing them. I would recommend this book to anyone over the age of about 13.
 I am not a fan of historical novels, but I found this book fascinating!  A true story in the midst of one of the darkest times in history, WWII.  The author weaves so many different aspects of the war in Milan, Italy in 1943 thru 1945.  Our protagonist, a young 18 year old doing heroic acts and witnessing horrendous acts by the Nazi's, he even gets to meet Mussolini and Hitler!  Wow!!  All the time, trying to be a help to the persecuted Jews and anyone who was helping them.  I believe that his faith in God got him through the most difficult times as he sees friends and loved ones die.  Through all this, he finds love.  This is a beautiful, but very long story, worth all the time to read it.
 This book was such a different look at the Nazi situation in the 2nd WW because it was in Italy.  Living under occupation by the Nazi's was very revealing and it was amazing how many civilians were killed  or starving particularly near the end of the war. From a historical point of view it was very interesting.  Being a true story of a very like able young man and his challenges and courage made for great reading. It was also exciting and page turning in parts.  I loved at the end of the book there was a section on the aftermath so you found out what really happened to the people till the end of their lives many years later.  I would highly recommend this book.
 Wonderful story with all of the elements of a good novel. Drama, pathos, humor, adventure, horror, etc.  Every page leaves you curious for what will happen next. The fact that it is all true is quite incredible and provides a keen insight on the horrible effects of war on indigenous people which easily translates to the world of today. Most interesting is that this story was only a small portion of the incredible life of the main character. His complete and extraordinary life story would easily fill the pages of another highly engrossing book.  Definitely worth a read.  Don't miss it.
 This book is based largely on the real life experiences of young Giuseppe “Pino” Lea, who served heroically in Italy in World War II. It is a novel only in the sense that the author, Mark Sullivan, had to fill in portions of the story Mr. Lea was unwilling to relate by reason of modesty or because of the pain of remembrance.<br/><br/>It’s a story of a young man who repeatedly risked his life helping Jews cross the Alps into Switzerland to avoid capture by the Nazis. And how he later used his position as the driver for for a German general to spy, passing critical intelligence to the Allies.<br/><br/>Mr. Sullivan’s writing vividly depicts the gruesome Nazi regime and its depraved actions. The reader cannot but sympathize with the losses of the Italian people while admiring their faith, endurance and courage. “Beneath a Scarlet Sky” is a true chronicle of the horrors of war.
 My 86 year old next door neighbor immigrated from Italy after WWII.  His family had a large farm near Padua.  He often shares stories about the Germans showing up and taking cattle, chickens and crops from the farmers in the area. He has described the activities of many of his cousins, who fought for the Partisans.  He has described a scene similar to the one in the book where prisoners were lined up, told to count off to ten with every tenth person stepping forward. Those who stepped forward were subsequently shot and killed. One of those killed was one of his cousins.  He stated to me that this book is extremely accurate in describing the  abominable behavior of the Germans and the Italian Fascists  in northern Italy during the last year's of the  War. He should know--he lived it, too.
 This book was a real delight. We had just been to northern Italy, including Milan and the lake country when my wife and I read the book. We both enjoyed it thoroughly. It is simply and amazing story. We went to visit my wife's cousin over Labor Day weekend and he said there was this book that we just had to read, that he and his wife loved it. It turned out to be Beneath a Scarlet Sky. I really like good books about World War II and this was the best ever. There is very little written about the war in Italy which is one of the reasons I enjoyed this one so much. It is very well written and it held my interest from start to finish. I loved the story and cared about the people in the story.
 What a stunning story, and how it illustrates how little we really know of history, especially about events that occur a bit out of the major news limelight.  Funny thing, as the story progressed and "Observer' became more observant, my intuition led me to believe that it might end the way it did as far as the Italian campaign was concerned.  The General showed that occasional spark of humanity that indicated he was less a Nazi and more of the traditional military man.  Even Observer was stunned by that one last statement by the General.  A fine book, well written and praiseworthy for its detail.  I felt the title did not fit the story, but that could be just my personal bias.
 There are many truths in life.  Most are hidden with our inability to see what is not in front of our eyes.  One hidden truth among the many are the stories of men who participated in the holocaust and escaped its penalties.  The nazi in this work lived in relative invisibility and arranged to always only answer to Hitler.  He allowed people to owe him.  A combination of debts owed, invisibilty and avoidance of the line of men jockeying for exposure and seeking credit from Hitler paved a carefully laid road, kind of like the roads that he had slaves dig.  One interesting creation of a debt owed to him was the simple sparing of fours lives out of the many he was responsible for killing or having killed. It felt like a book I had been waiting for.  It makes one sad in the worse way.
 Every time I vow not to read another WWII story, I do--this time I could not resist knowing this was a true story &amp; because I am Italian, my mother born &amp; raised in the Mussolini era (with her own vivid memories).<br/><br/>Many eloquent reviews have already been written about this incredible story. There were times I had to stop reading--there were times I could not put it down! It went above &amp; beyond expectations in character development, descriptions &amp; story telling.<br/><br/>Sincerest thanks to Mark Sullivan for giving us this amazing literary gift. You've raised the bar high for 5-star reviews--it deserves far more! Beyond a doubt, I am already recommending this book to family &amp; friends.
 This was a heart wrenching, important story. I couldn't put it down once I started it. Pink Lella's reticence to share his important history is an unfortunate commonality in this disappearing generation. Thankfully the story was captured in time. Similarly, after knowing my husband's stepfather for ~30 years, he casually mentioned how helpful "Hemingway" had been to him in his writing (an amazing man was well). This was our first hearing, as he was composing his thoughts for the scattering of his wife's ashes. We can all benefit from these stories that shaped our families, thus our composite history.
 Honestly, I think Beneath a Scarlett Sky is now in my top five favorite books - and I read a LOT. In 1943, Pino Lella is an awkward, girl-crazy teenager living in Nazi occupied Italy. Because of the constant bombing in Milan, Pino’s parents send him away to a Catholic boy’s camp to keep him safe. Little did they know that he would end up helping Jews escape to safety as a guide over the treacherous peaks of the Alps. Later, Pino puts himself in grave danger again by agreeing to spy on a Nazi general. Mark Sullivan’s brilliant prose draws you into Pino’s world and his amazing story. You will feel his joy, sadness, failures, and triumphs as he goes through more experiences in two years than most do in a lifetime. Fans of Unbroken and The Nightingale will love this book, as well as WWII history buffs
 With brilliant verbal imagery, Mark Sullivan has shown us how one young Italian man survived WW II. It's a story of courage and incredible deeds, a love story, and also a true picture of the atrocities that people committed in the cause of power and nationalism and revenge. While the characters' actions keep us reading, the descriptions of the landscape makes us pause in wonder that such brutality could happen amidst such grandeur.<br/><br/>There is non-stop action in historical fiction and encounters with some of the most infamous villains of the war.
 A Novel-ography; a novel based on biographical memories of a very brav young man and intertwined by historical research. This book held my interest, in part because I love historical novels. But, as I read Pino's story I constantly reminded myself, this boy/man lived this out. This is more than a story. As a teenager he saw and experienced  things most couldn't imagine. The years of silence, injustice, heartache and unanswered questions could not have been easy for him. As I finished reading this book have trouble comprehending the magnitude of the nightmare these people live through.
 Here in America we read stories of heroism, sacrifices and suffering of our soldiers and citizens during World War II. Rarely do we gain insights into hose of the other side and how they, in many cases, assisted the Allies into the successful prosecution of that war. This novel gives us a glimpse into those efforts. We see the good and the evil mankind bestows upon each other which tows upon our consciences and hearts. The story of "Pino" and those who surrounded him kept me spellbound throughout the reading and will be listed as one of my favorites.
 I have a friend, we read books and then if we like them we buy them for each other. I’m about half way through the book and I knew my friend would like it. Christmas is coming and this is one of the books I chose. Amazing book, however it came with black ink or something on it. Disappointed
 Thank you Mark Sullivan for writing this amazing and beautifully written story about a true hero, Pino Lella.  At one point during the book, I actually had to put the book down and pour myself a glass of wine to be able to continue this riveting and deeply emotional story.  Mr. Sullivan's ability to make the reader feel like they are actually living and feeling the story is amazing.  I completed the book last evening and this morning I was recounting parts of the story to my husband and I started to cry once again recalling the horrific events that Pino witnessed and endured.<br/><br/>Thank you also to Mr. Pino Lello, who opened up his heart and relived his painful and unimaginable memories of WWII Italy so that Mr. Sullivan could write this amazing and deeply moving and unforgettable book.  This book should be made into a movie.
 For me stories of the Nazis in WW II are difficult to read.  I think that is because on the one hand they seem the embodiment of evil and on the other hand I wonder what choices I would have made in that difficult and terrifying time.  This book encompasses both of those concepts.  Peno Lella is a lovable young man who must navigate Italy and its Nazi regime in the last two years of the war.  He risks his life helping Jews escape over the Alps until he must choose to enlist in the Nazi army or go on the run as a partisan.  He chooses the former and eventually is enlisted by his uncle to spy on the German general in charge of running the German defense preparations in Italy.  Love and tragedy find Pino and things are not always what they seem.  This book generally moves swiftly with plenty of excitement and surprises.  It is all the more compelling because it is based upon true events and real choices.  Highly recommended.
 If this weren't a true story, it would be truly unbelievable. TBH, at first the fact that it is true was distracting for me as I kept scrutinizing and analyzing the veracity of the narrative in its efforts to come off like a novel. But as the story grew more and more astonishing, I was grateful to know it was true so I could actually let it be, rather than tear it apart as impossible. In addition to the protagonist and other characters, I was especially intrigued to learn more about the war in Italy, as promised by the book's summary. By the end, I am clearly as in love and amazed by it as all the other five star reviewers.
 What a read!  Unfortunately, I had to stop not far into the book because of moving and didn't get back to it until yesterday.  Then I couldn't put it down.  I just finished and was amazed by the writing and the insight to all the people in this book.  To think these were real people and not just fictional is amazing.  Mr. Sullivan developed the characters throughout the book and it was easy to keep up although a rollercoaster much of the time. I loved that he updated us on what has happened with all the characters in the Acknowledgment.  What these people endured was tragic and  very sad.  As an American writing this review on the 4th of July, it makes me really appreciate how fortunate I have been to live in our great country.<br/>I did get this book as a Kindle First Selection for April and it is the best Kindle First book I have read.
 Pino Lella was an Italian boy who helped smuggle Jews to safety from Nazi-held Northern Italy during WWII. Then, through a series of events, he became a driver for an important German general; except he was really spying for the resistance. There are a number of (often tragic) subplots and twists in this book, which is a fictional retelling of actual events. The only (minor) quibble I have:  Lella did not speak German so he communicated with the General in French.  When he found himself employed as a translator in meetings between the General and Mussolini, he would translate Mussolini's Italian into French for the General; and the General's French into Italian for Mussolini. But in real life, Mussolini was multilingual and spoke French so this kind of translation would've been unnecessary. Anyway, this is a great book and a page-turner. I highly recommend it.
 Just love it, no more words. This novel encompasses the feeling of a cruel reality with the outstanding narration of a novel in all details possible, it's more than a story, it's a real experience of one single person during the WWII. Highly recommended to readers who loved being told a story more than just giving facts here and there. You wish it would never end giving those historical facts to sort of create a mental puzzle of unknown history from that period, but at the same time, you will feel fulfilled by what you had just imagined reconstructed by reading this masterpiece. Thanks for this !!
 Completely enjoyed this fictional account of real people and events. Until I read this I hadn't thought about Italy's condition or the people under Mussolini's rule. The primary character in this book was not only real, but he was extraordinary. It's easy to understand why Mark Sullivan desired to write about him.<br/>This book kept me interested because the writing of Mr Sullivan brought the characters to life. The events were actual happenings during WWII fictionalized by the author in a way that held my attention. I cared about the characters because Mr Sullivan in his writing so obviously cared about them.
 I purchased a kindle copy because of the huge popularity and the high review score. The story is an extraordinary one, but unfortunately it is written very poorly! The author hit the jackpot by finding this raw diamond but he does not have the tools and skills to cut it into a gem. The literacy is so poor with a vocabulary of a 6th grader that even I, a non-native speaker, could have done it. The story is supposed to be set in Italy in WWII but it reads not a bit of Italian but like the fake Italian food from the Olive Garden, because the author's knowledge of Italy contains only three things: pasta, Chianti and Nessum Dorma!
 I have been a WWII history “junkie” for most of my 72 years, starting with all the post war movies that came out in my youth. I have read hundreds of books on the subject, both historical/factual and novelized accounts of the war. To date no book has touched me more as this one has. Thanks to Mr. Sullivan’s masterful writing skills, the images of this story are permanently etched in my mind (i.e. the little fingers waving goodbye through the slats in the red boxcar). I felt like I was actually there witnessing what was transpiring. There is absolutely no “downtime” where the story drags.  I am not a speed reader, therefore I got to enjoy this book for several long nights of reading and it was something that I looked forward to every night. I truly miss those evenings engrossed in this inspiring book. However, I look forward to the movie, and pray that the screenwriters and producers maintain the wholesomeness of the authors writings.
 A well written story of the families, teenagers, countries,  militarizes involved in World War I. It is difficult to read the grief, autrosities, loss suffered by the Italians &amp; all the war memories carried over the rest of their lives. I learned much knowledge about the part Italy played in this war, how their lives changed forever. Yet, how so many stood firm in their faith, love for those being grievously mistreated, willing to risk their own lives to help take them to safety. If you enjoy history, particularly war history...this is will definitely be one that will hold your attention,
 Having read many books set in World War II, I was not excited that my book club chose this book also set in WWII.  However it intrigued me because it is based on a remarkable true story.  The main character is a courageous, resourceful young man.  Also, not many fiction books about WWII are set in Italy or offer much information about what happened there during the war.  This book was very revealing about the situation in Italy, especially near the end of the war.  Even though I reluctantly started reading the book, I could hardly put it down after getting into the story.
 In the 1940s Pino Lella was a very young man in Milan, who became a spy for the Italian resistance against the Nazis and the fascist government under Mussolini. The book is a true page-turner that brings Pino, his family and friends, Anna - a young woman with whom he falls in love - and a German general for whom he becomes a chauffeur, to vivid life. With Milan as its center the book brings World War 2, Nazism, and the terrible complexities of Italian fascism as well as the resistance against it, into compelling focus. The author evokes passion, love, rage and grief so that reading, one experiences them as the figures in the book do.
 I was a little girl when WWll ended.  I remember my mom listening to the Fireside Chats.  I remember running outdoors and banging the bottom of the sauce pan with a wooden spoon.  My uncles served in the war in Italy, in the Pacific and aboard the Wasp.  My Uncle Gene was at Pearl Harbor when the Japanese attacked.<br/>I love reading historical fiction about this time period.  This story gives a vivid accounting of the events in and around Milan during the latter years of the war. I truly enjoyed Pino Lello's story.<br/>Yes, I recommend this book.
 I generally don't do reviews, but this book deserves a five-star review.  Why?  Because it is one of the best I have ever read about WWII, and I have read many books set in WWII.  The main character (Pino) has such integrity, as do most of his friends and family.  Also, this is the rare War story set in Italy.  The bravery of the priests, the resistors, the general population is remarkable.  And, the cruelty of the Nazi's is abhorrent and appalling. It is interesting how many ways people found to resist the onslaught.<br/>All the characters are finely drawn, as are the settings, and dangers.  One can almost feel the cold, hear the bombs, smell the smoke, etc.  Most amazing, this is a true story, and Pino was interviewed by the author.<br/><br/>Yes, this book deserves five stars.
 My initial reaction to this book and throughout reading it was it deserves 2 stars. My opinion has nothing to do with the story itself but the manner of how the dialect is written. It’s written like how Americans think and speak, not Italians in 1940. For example, at Italians wouldn’t say, “I’m 18 now dad.” They live at home long after they turn 18 with their families. I could see if he said, “I am a man now.” This detracts from the story itself and makes you feel like it’s an implausible storyline.<br/>However, knowing that most is true (except the speech) overrides the Sullivan’s attempt to write for the main characters. I applaud the Sullivan for his dedication to research this story. I wouldn’t have given it much thought had he not wrote the preface with details about his own life in relevance to the story. For that, the story deserves more credit. I also love that Michael Lella is on Goodreads as a representative of his dad.
 I thought the Lilac Girls was great but this was fantastic.  After I finished reading this book, I could not stop thinking about this happening during that war.  When I thought about the characters and their courage which was beyond what I believed a human being would endure and actually live through and the valor displayed by these people during that horrendous time.  I felt like I was there with them during the whole adventure of reading this great novel based on a true story.  The author did a spectacular job.  I have already recommended this to my friends and relatives.<br/>I read this on my kindle white which I purchased recently since I am having a problem with my eye sight and can definitely see so much better to enjoy my favorite pastime.
 This is an extraordinarily compelling historical novel. It was recommended to me by my wife. She recommended it because of my life-long interest in history, and especially the history of warfare. I am so glad that she made this recommendation.<br/><br/>The author explains up front that he filled in the blanks that those survivors with whom he traveled to Italy to interview could not. It is thus quite accurate historically, with some fiction cranked in to more humanize the story.<br/><br/>Wonderful book. One of the very best of its kind that I have read in my 81 years.
 The Italian experience under Il  Duce and Hitler is masterfully written with facts, emotion , scenery, adventure, and very tense and fearsome process.<br/>The author distinguishes his work with intimate knowledge of the landscape, the principal character, skills in mountaineering, alpine skiing, history and geography. Intensely emotional,  the author has the reader  gripped by the power of suspense and violence.. Characters come alive and give some great courage, intellect and beauty. This story moves fast and furious.The final chapters are riveting, which leaves the reader much to ponder for hours;how and why the conclusion comes.
 book was enjoyable to read.  it let you into the despair of the people sent to the extermination camps by Hitler's regime.  The morale guts it took to see this happening, and not do something stupid was tremendous.  the turnabout of one of the main characters was surprising, but it goes with what really happened during the end of the war.  I enjoyed the book as I enjoy history.  The research done by the author and places he traveled to interview witnesses was outstanding.
 Mark Sullivan's BENEATH A SCARLET SKY unwraps a WWII saga that goes far beyond entertainment.  The main character, Pino Lella, rehearses painfully the scars, trauma, bravery, and conflicted relationships that war and enemy occupation forces upon humankind in general - and individuals specifically.  No one escapes deception.  Everyone expriences unimaginable evil from even the most unexpected persons and events.  Yet within evil's darkest moments hope can rise.  Love can birth and bond people together...even forever.  No one remains unchanged - including each reader of BENEATH A SCARLET SKY.  In telling this heart-rending story, Sullivan pays tribute to untold common people who gave their lives heroically but without notice for so long a time.  With the WWII generations passing into history, their stories must not be forgotten of their commitment to freedom, democracy, and the value of every person's life.<br/>Propagators of hate must be identified and confronted.  Evil must be unmasked,  confronted, and neutralized.  However, life is not always fair or easy.  Failing to learn from our past causes us to stumble into those same destructive attitudes and actions currently as well as into our future.  Pino Lella's action-packed life story leaves each reader challenged &amp; changed.  This book is the best I have read in a long time.
 BEAUTIFUL BOOK! I am a voracious reader, always having a book I am reading and a book I am listening to. While I enjoy most books that I read, every great now and then I am so very fortunate as to come across a book that stays with me long after I've finished it. This is one of those rare books. The telling of this extraordinary, and true, story painted such vivid pictures in my mind, that I still see them months later. When the discussion of books arises, it is the first book that comes to mind to recommend. It will be the very rare book that I read again, and again. Thank you, Mr. Sullivan, for this beautiful book. I was so focused on this exceptional book of yours that I entirely forgot to look for other books you authored. I have finally realized my oversight and ordered several more of your books. I look very forward to reading them.
 This will be one of my top favorite reads of 2018!  As a history major, I studied much about World War II, but very little about Italy during the war years.  My eyes have been opened again to the tragedy, brutality, and horror of those years, but especially in Italy. Thankfully, the novel does not leave us in despair and misery, but through the main character Pino Lella, we witness the good still left in people and the human ability to survive and thrive out of the worst conditions.
 I agree with others that this book is written more in a kind of non ficktion style. It takes a bit to get used to but the story is SO WORTH IT. The writing style is kind of a mashup - not really the style of a novel but somewhere in between that and non fiction. It’s based on a true story and given the author’s background this makes sense. The style may throw you off at first but I suggest you stick with it. This is an AMAZING untold story and it’s worth your time. I became invested and used to the writing style by about 1/4 of the way through. Worth it! Read it! The story has stayed with me a long time...
 Usually when I see "based on a true story" I expect the book to be more obviously embellishment than based on the true event. Mr. Sullivan did an excellent job of writing with an abundance of events, locations and experiences instead of emotions. The emotions came naturally throughout the book because I became invested in the experiences of the characters. I was drawn to the book because of my 91 year old grandfather who enlisted at the age of 17 to fight the Nazis, but anyone wanting a vibrant, thrilling journey back to an unimaginable time period for the whole world should read this book.
 In the preface, the author admits that this book is both a memoir and a work of fiction.  The hero is Giuseppe (Pino) Lella who was 17 years old in 1943 when the story begins.  WWII in Italy was unique with three armed fighting groups: the resistance, the black-shirted Fascists under Benito Mussolini and the Nazi invaders.  Sullivan shares the good (acts of bravery, saving of Jews and downed allied pilots), the bad (slave labor, transports to Auschwitz) and the ugly (massacres of innocents and corpse desecration).  Along the way Pino finds love and a unique way to serve the resistance as a spy.  The reader learns a lot about the destruction of Milan particularly by relentless allied bombing and the efforts of Cardinal Schuster to protect the city.  Despite the use of several anachronistic idioms, this fast-paced historical novel is both educational and entertaining.
 Very well written moving account of one incredible young man's bravery during the last years of WWII in Italy. This was a real spell binder and made even more amazing to discover that it is based on an actual person's experiences.  There is incredible sadness, amazing tenderness, nail biting suspense and unbelievable heroics during Italy's "forgotten front" war.  Certainly a lot has never been told before. Unlike a lot of fiction, this is not all tied up in a nice package at the end.  Because it is real life it has raw moments that last a lifetime, but also offers ever lasting hope. Bravo to the author who had his own demons for researching and bringing to all of us this incredible true story in fictional style.
 Link's story takes you on a rollercoaster ride through his being thunderstorm by first love to the bewilderment in the last days of the war.  I loved the interwoven lyrical voice of opera as well as American jazz and swing. Add together romance, harrowing mountain climbing while helping men, some and children escape certain death, breakneck driving through the alps, spies, traitors mixed with reality of war, and anyone can find a reason to love this book.
 After hearing the author interviewed for a Montana Public Radio program, I purchased the book for my nephew for Christmas, and the audiobook for myself. What a blessing for me! I have met a concentration camp survivor and also a woman who, as a child, attended the same school as Anne Frank. The woman's story went untold for many decades, as did Pino's. This sacred story of witness has finally been shared with the world. It is eerie to realize that Pino's many miraculous escapes from death for a holy cause would never have been recorded without Mark's own serendipitous sequence of events. I owe much debt to both gentlemen for due diligence in allowing themselves to be conduits for the story's emergence in the world. Bravo!
 This is one of the best books I’ve read!  If you like exciting historical fiction novels based on true events, this book is not to be missed.  The story of Pino Lella and the part he played in the war is captivating!  I knew little about the part Italy played in World War ll, and it was enlightening to see the war and the personal effect of it through Pino’s eyes as the driver to an important Nazi General.  As you read the pages, you can see the story playing as a movie, full of exciting twists and turns.  Pino is an Italian hero, one of many that contributed to the Allied victory over Mussolini and the Nazis in Italy during World War ll.  I highly recommend this book to everyone.
 Enjoyed this book immensely.  It's one of the best so far in my favorite genre of historical fiction.  Events during and surrounding WW II in Europe occurred early in my lifetime; thus, a strong interest in first hand accounts such as represented here.<br/><br/>The author's Preface and Afterword lend credence to the authenticity of the story, making it even more awe-inspiring.  Early chapters might have been better treated as a flashback, as has become common in contemporary fiction.  The full impact of the story does not come through until about a quarter of the way through the book.  It is so well written as to hold the reader's interest, though, and not a major drawback to the overall value of this significant contribution to a better understanding of a tumultuous period in modern history.
 This is actually a TRUE story about a young Italian man's experiences during the German occupation of Italy during WWII.  The story takes Pino Lella from a carefree 17 year-old to the end of the war.  It is a story of courage, bravery, love, heartbreak, inspiration, and the unbelievable cruelty of war.  I couldn't put it down, but there were some things so devastating that I didn't know if I could go on.  The sacrifices made almost tear brothers apart, but brings them back together.  Twists and turns that I didn't see coming.  Very emotional and difficult to read, I felt I owed it to Pino and his family to finish the story.<br/><br/>When you read it, be sure to read carefully the author's preface and the aftermath.  Unforgettable story of selflessness.
 “Beneath a Scarlet Sky”, by Mark Sullivan, is soon to be a Major Motion Picture starring Tom Holland. I can’t wait to see it after reading this dynamic novel! Based on the experiences/adventures/loves/losses of teen-aged Pino Lello, during the last two years of WWII in Italy, this novel will sweep you away. Don’t let the page-count daunt you; it’s fast paced because A LOT of stuff happened to Pino; amazing stuff, heroic stuff, and heartbreaking stuff.<br/><br/>And if you are interested in WWII novels set in Italy, I also highly recommend, “Thread of Grace” by Mary Doria Russell.
 This was an amazing story of courage and the horror of war.  The author did a fantastic job of writing about the experiences of the young man who is the base of the story.  The horror of WW2 was described fully including the atrocities committed during war.  The twist at the end regarding the main enemy in this account was very surprising and sadly incomplete.  Not that the author didn't do his research, records were just destroyed regarding this person.  Very good book.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is an excellent novel. It’s based on a true story and the heroic Pino Lella is still alive. The author, Mark Sullivan, researched this part of the war in northern Italy for 13 years before writing the book.  It’s considered a novel because he had to add details since it took place so long ago. My husband and I both bought a copy and read it at the same time. We had some very interesting conversations about the horrendous experiences they had. We’ve recommended it to many friends and family members. It gave us a new appreciation for the great price paid for our freedom.
 My sadness for Pino Lella doesn't do justice to the life which he lived.  While never having experienced anywhere near the experiences which the hero of this novel went through, I can only admire someone who could keep some sense of sanity while going through such highs and lows of life.  When I finally realized that the characters in the novel were actually real people, it simply made the novel that much more meaningful to me,
 I don't quite know what to say about this novel except every young person should read this.  When I was young I learned about the Nazis in school.  This was in maybe 1959.  It taught me how the mind can be molded at a young age to be used for good or evil.  This was the story of a young man who was not poor but had a decent education.  He had to make a serious decision to enter the Nazi regime or follow his ideals.  This book brought me to tears at times but could help young people to put themselves in this young man's position and learn and feel what he went through.  We take so many things for granted today and we don't think this can happen again, but, when things are long forgotten, it may happen again.
 Couldn't put this book down! It was enthralling from the first page to the last. It's an inside look at the horrors of WWII from the perspective of teenager Pino. Pino's harrowing true story of the trials, adventures, love, loss, grief, terror, revenge, and every emotion in humankind's arsenal. I have read many a good book, and I put this one in my top five at the very least.  And it's been a long time since a book made me cry; this one did. Pino Lella's wartime experiences deserve to be read, and this man honored for his bravery and self-sacrifice in the face of Nazi horror in Milan, Italy. What are you waiting for? Read this book already!
 This book...my goodness. I'm not even sure what to say about it. I keep typing words and deleting them because they're not strong enough to describe how I felt while reading it. It's so good, but so, so sad. It absolutely breaks my heart that this is a true story. It's the kind of book that I feel the need to read every once in a while to put things into perspective and remind me to appreciate everything I have in life. It's a story that will stick with me for a long, long time. I recommend reading it and having tissues at the ready.
 Sullivan's work of art in "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" is spellbinding, gripping, authentic, haunting and one of the best pieces I have ever read about the devastating effects of war on the peoples caught up in its gore, hatred, man's inhumanity to man, deceit, heroism, courage and faith. I will never forget it. I am not doing the work of Mr. Sullivan's piece justice in my review. I am at a loss for adequate words to paint an appropriate picture of this incredible novel..
 Most of my reading is done at night. It is part of my bedtime ritual. Mostly,it works well. Not so much with this book. I never wanted to quit and go to sleep. Even when I did turn off the kindle I kept thinking of the saga of Pino. The horrors and heartaches were portrayed in a way that kept me reading and stayed with me after the book was closed for the night. I suspect that I will sleep better for now, until the next great book that i come across strikes me as this one did.
 Wow a wonderful tale. I knew nothing about Italy and their role in WWII.  Pino was quite the character.  He had quite the interesting and eventful life.  It is so unfortunate that  mankind still has so much to learn.  War is so awful and it would be great if we could all just get along. That of coarse will never happen since evil exist.  I didn't give this 5 stars because the author rambles on at times.  A little bit better editing and it would have been 5 stars.  One of the best Kindle first books ever.  Certainly made up for the bombs which were the choices in March.
 This was an excellent story. I have read many books on WWII and I put this one right at the top. Hard to believe these things all happened to one individual. Highly recommend reading it. I just recently heard that it will also be a movie. I love the way the book ends (p. 508 paperback) with Pino stating we never know what will happen in life next. “life is change.....and if we are lucky we can find comedy in it, otherwise it will be drama, if not tragedy.......we must give thanks for the miracle of every moment of everyday, no matter how flawed and we must have faith in God....”.  Amen to that!
 WOW!  What a book!  What a story!  I don't remember reading a better one.  It has everything we like in a book -- mostly that it's TRUE.  We enjoyed it so much, we couldn't put it down, anxious to find out what happened next.  I felt like I was right there, with the heroine, through all of it, living it with him.  And of course I bawled my eyes out, especially because I knew it really happened.  There's a lot in the book that I related to very much, so it was especially moving for me.  But I think anyone who is interested in history, especially WWII, would enjoy this as much as we did.  This book doesn't get donated like all the other books we read; no, this one we're keeping so I can read it again some day.  An absolutely EXCELLENT read!
 Powerful historical story, fictional but based on facts according to the author, about an actual person and his amazing experiences during the German occupation of Italy during WWII. Not your usual war story, but concentrated more on the daily experiences of a boy becoming a man during a time which was mixed with the everyday business of life and the dangers of war. I was so involved in this story that made me smile sometimes and cry others, that I was almost sorry to reach the end. There was no Blockbuster movie type ending. Rather it was simply the end of a difficult, dangerous, exciting  and heartbreaking part of a young man's life. Just as it must have happened for countless survivors of wars.
 What people were willing to do for their countries against the Nazis was remarkable.  Everyone was trying to help the Jewish people escape in so many extraordinary ways. Not only did they have to avoid the Nazis but also the local freedom fighters.  Excellent book, well worth the look at this part of the war.
 I always believed I knew everything one could learned about WWII but I was super surprised reading Beneath a Scarlet Sky. It’s an amazing story of courage, bravery and love in Milan under the most unbelievable circumstances. This is a story about young Italian man who unbeknownst was a hero during WWII. There is so much to tell about this novel but I am afraid I could spoil the fun. If you love history, historical novels, WWII, resistance and love stories, you must read it. I wish I could meet Pino Lella, the hero of this book, in real life. And believe the book; you don’t need a Spider-Man or Ironman to meet a real superhero.
 Was totally enthralled with this novel and pleasantly surprised the main character (and some of the others) are/were real-life people!  Little is written about Italy, Mussolini, and World War II days, and this book was amazing!  It's a combination of history, biography, and historical fiction; it entices you consult topographical maps, because you want to truly understand the extreme terrain of the settings. The "curious" twists that the plot takes, as Italians had to do what they did to survive, made me realize things are not as "black and white" as they appear to be, when you're a civilian and/or teenage victim of war. A true page-turner, I had to have a small book discussion with some friends about this story, as it is too good not to share and recommend.
 I have read a number of books about World War II, but they usually took place in western Europe, often in France. Yet I have known or heard of American soldiers who fought in Italy. Like so many of that generation, they didn't talk about their experiences during the war. This was the first book I have read about the war in Italy. It was fascinating, while also being at times hard to read because of the atrocities carried out, the suffering and sadness. The author has done a phenomenal job of researching, and it shows. The book is well-written and, despite the topic, kept me wanting to know what happened next, what would become of the real "characters." For anyone with an interest in WWII, I would encourage you to read this.
 What a story!  This is an amazing look at the devastation of war, a good dose of the horrors of naziism, and the uplifting fact that one person can make a difference.  Although Pino seems to have the luck of the Irish instead of the Italians, I was wiling to suspend reality a little to follow his adventures and nail-biting escapes through Italian streets and countryside littered with German soldiers.  However, reality returns after the war when Pino's real test of courage isn't spying or daredevil driving, but the personal challenge he struggles with for most of his life.<br/>There's a lesson for everybody in this well-written and thoroughly researched novel, from the brave Italians who worked against the nazis, the fearless religious leaders that helped thousands of Jews to safety, and the endless bravery of one man who chooses to live life to its fullest.
 There are a number of war biographies available but this is one that is a definite must read. It comes from the Italian side of the war which has been very much neglected in History classrooms. And it tells one of the most inspiring stories you will ever read. Pino's story is one that is filled with every possible emotion and will leave every reader wanting more. If you haven't already bought this book then do it now, you will not regret it!
 I loved this book from beginning to end. It is such an intriguing and incredible story that left me thinking and wanting more. I do not typically have a lot of interest in World War II history and that is likely why I enjoyed it so much. Those super into it already may have a hard time getting past the fact that the author took liberty and embellished in the areas (which it says that it is a work of fiction BASED on real characters anyway).  I would have given it 5 stars but some embellishments went a little too far for me to handle - like the pregnant woman skiing. Overall, I’m glad to have it in my personal library.  I’ll be recommending it to friends and definitely reading it again ☺️
 This was a very interesting story. I have never read anything on the two world wars and wanted to actually get a glimpse at what the world might have been like during those times. Some of the stuff is so gruesome that I would google the dates and events and would find out that this kind of stuff did happen in history. I don't know which parts of factious and which are true but even when events are decorated for dramatic effects, the fact is that something like it did happen in history. It was a very insightful read from that perspective. As for the story of Pino, he won my heart.<br/><br/>While perusing through the reviews  on Amazon I noticed 2 things - one is that Mike Lella (Pino's son) has respond to some of the reviews. Which is fine b/c it add a human element to this story. But the 2nd thing I noticed is there is this anonymous "Amazon Customer" who has responded to so many reviews (good and bad) about how this novel is a work of fiction and will create a problem for children of people who fought on the wrong side of the history. To that "Amazon Customer" - we don't care. If you have a vendetta against the writer then deal with it personally. Marring his book like this by going after each of the reviewers is not helping you look credible, but just bitter. We wanted to read a story and we got a good story!
 Told from the viewpoint of young Italian lad, Pino Lella, Mark Sullivan puts the reader right in the thick of the Nazi occupation of Italy, and the abject poverty and hardship of a nation being squeezed between Hitler and Mussolini. Forced by his mother to join the German army (to keep him safe, Pino suddenly finds himself in a position to spy on the top ranking Nazi General in Italy. Somehow,  he manages not only to survive, but to become an "observer" to Nazi warcrimes, hoping to bear witness to horrific obscenities imposed upon Italians by Nazi generals, Leyers, and Rauff, thinking it will someday be important to have a witness to their brutality. Seventy three years later, that day has finally arrived.
 This is an astounding piece of writing, revealing an aspect of WWII about which I, at least, knew almost nothing.  The fact that it was written based heavily on personal interviews with the main character adds immensely to its credibility and the afterword, revealing as it does what happened to this remarkable man after the story ends, was utterly fascinating.  What a life.  Anyone with even a passing interest in WWII will enjoy and learn from this book and if one had no interest in the war at all, the story is so remarkable that it is impossible not to be drawn into it.  Absolutely first rate.  I write some myself and am humbled by this work. Thank you, Mr. Sullivan
 I was drawn into this book like nothing I've read in quite sometime and I rarely review. This was so good that I couldn't NOT review it. I actually stayed up a little later than I should have since I was sick in bed with a cold the night I finished it. I just had to know what became of Pino after the war and up to present times. There are some good life lessons to be taken away from this book, too. I'm so glad I chose this as my monthly preview book and decided to read it before some of the older ones I have waiting to be read.
 Just an amazing, inspiring story! I am used to reading classics by authors such as George Elliot, Dickens, etc., so I'm kind of a literary snob. Nevertheless, though the book isn't written in lovely prose style, the book's story and the way the author organized and told it was impeccable. Obviously, a methodical feat which required a careful overview of the story and resulted in a subsequent laying out of this truly wonderful narrative. Most importantly, the philosophies derived from Pino's life experience are presented and represented in a manner that anyone can appreciate and digest. A wonderful accomplishment!
 I do not like reading stories about wars, but I decided to read this story because it took place in northern Italy .  Since my heritage is northern Italian, my interest was piqued. I was not disappointed.  This is a story that is full of suspense, love, excitement, intrigue, sorrow and horror. The fact that it is largely based on a  true story makes it really come alive. It shows mankind at their very worst and their very best. It is well written and I think that it should be made into a movie. I highly recommend this book.
 As the author tells us is the preface, this is not fiction. Rather, it is a novel of biographical and historical fiction about the life of a young man who lived, loved, observed, and survived the Italian front in the second world war. It is a story of hair raising intensity and of cruelty of unimaginable proportions. It is a story that I was totally unfamiliar with; namely the war in Italy, the resistance, and the Missing Italian Nuremberg trails. It is a story of life-its constant changes, its highs and lows, and the final acceptance that life is precious even if it turns out differently than one wishes. This is an important book, wonderfully written, which will keep you intrigued from its first page until the end. Bravo!
 I wish there was a way to give this book 10 stars. I am an avid reader of historical fiction and books regarding WWII and the Nazi regime; this was my main focus for my history degree. I began reading this book on a whim because there was a free preview and was immediately in love. I couldn't get this book in my hands fast enough (I like physical copies, not digital, so you can only imagine my pure anticipation waiting on this to arrive). The writing was completely enthralling and the descriptions of the people and landscape was a reader’s dream. I immediately fell in love with Pino, his deep love of others and his amazing bravery. I became conflicted with General Leyers because of the constant back and forth between evil and “decent”. Anna was a whole other whirlwind of emotions for me; she was the mystery and the driving force throughout the story.<br/>After finishing the book I sat there holding it against my chest because of the pure love I had for it. I was saddened for it to be finished but grateful that I got a chance to read such an amazing book that fell in to my lap on accident. This is a book I will cherish forever and pass on to anyone that needs a true, heartbreaking, life lifting, story of bravery, love, loss, and persistence. Thank you Pino Lella and Mark Sullivan for sharing this story with the world.
 My husband and I listened to the unabridged audio of this book on a long road trip.  The story was riveting!  We both found it to be an incredible accounting of the complexity of war on a personal level.  It was well written and well read by a narrator that could pronounce all the different languages!  I particularly enjoyed the character development.  While the book was written as a novel, it was well researched and personalizes the events as played out in the life of the central character.  I have never known hardship or loss like the survivors of World War II (no matter what side they found themselves on.)
 I decided to read this book because my parents lived through WWII and I have always found the stories of the bravery and resilience of the Europeans inspiring and interesting.  I normally don't like war stories...too much gore and violence.  However, the violence in this book was necessary to illustrate the horrible effects the war had on everyday Italian people.  It wasn't just manufactured violence to sell more of the books.  I don't think I want to see the movie, though.  It was well written for the most part and the story of a naive, fun-loving young man hardened and embittered by all he experiences in war is one well worth reading.  How the people of Italy ever recovered from the war is amazing.  This story makes me hope we never have another war like WWII.  Congratulations to the author.  His hard work and research resulted in a book I will recommend to others.
 This is a wonderful romp thru treachery and tumult during the German occupation of Italy during WWII. The fact that it is based on real characters makes it all the better. The author interviewed the subject, who still is alive as of this writing. The writing really pulls the reader into the era and activities of war-torn Italy. A great work of fiction, but very closely paralleling Pino's coming of age and his efforts to end the war. Very well developed characters lend authenticity to this tale.
 This was one of the most gripping books I have read in recent years.  I was blown away by Pino's courage and inventiveness, and it added a whole extra dimension to realize that most of the event in the book really happened.  I also had very little awareness of the Italian resistance and the whole role of Italy in WW II.  Mostly, we hear and read about Germany and the Americans, but relatively little time and print has been devoted to what occurred in Italy during that war.<br/>  I usually am not attracted to action stories, generally preferring books that get into the minds and motives of characters.  However, I found this a compelling read even for someone like me who most often prefers psychological exploration and personal interaction books.
 This is a great story.  Mark did a great job putting together the life of individuals in Nazi occupied Italy during WWII in a way that was enlightening, emotionally appealing and intellectually pleasing.  I felt as if I was presented with a glimpse of history, as vivid and visually acute as a book could be.  I went back and forth between the Audible version and reading on airplanes.  The Audible version was wonderfully presented and provided a guide for my own internal voicing when I was reading on the tablet.<br/>If you haven't guessed, I highly recommend this book if you want to re-live several years during WWII through the life of a young, vigorous and daring young  Italian man.  I was disappointed when this book had to end!
 I've always been fascinated by WWII, especially the European Front. My father - a Radio Operator who fought in the Battle of the Bulge - would share stories of his experiences there as we looked through his photo and memorabilia scrapbook of the war. Through the years I've learned a lot about WWII, but I must admit my knowledge of the Italian experience has been sorely lacking. I just assumed that since Italy, with Mussolini as its leader, was part of the Axis with Germany, they were the "enemy". From this book I learned about the suffering of the Italian people, the resilience of so many as they endured Allied bombings, cross-fighting between the Black Shirts and Partisans, arrests and executions by the Germans who were really an occupying force.<br/><br/>Based on meticulous research and interviews with survivors, especially Pino Nella our almost "reluctant" hero, this book portrays the horrors of war, yet also the hope for mankind through the inspiring courage and sacrifices of people who, despite the risks, helped save the lives of others. We are introduced to 17-year old Pino, who is as a typical teenage boy is interested in girls, music (Jazz), cars, sports (skiing &amp; hiking), and hanging out with his buddies. Sent by his father to Casa Alpina to keep him safe from the bombings in Milan, he becomes a guide in the Catholic underground railroad, leading Jewish people through the Alps to safety in Switzerland. At age eighteen, he becomes a driver for a high-ranking German general, where he is privy to the machinations of the German war effort and views first-hand the atrocities being committed by both the Germans and also some Italians. Added to the suspense is the love story between Pino and Anna, which affected Pino's life for decades.<br/><br/>As stated by the author, the book is a "novel of biographical and historical fiction" - very closely adhering to what happened to Pino Lella in 1943-45. For any who want to get an "insider's perspective" of the experience and heroism of Italians during battle for Italy - the "Forgotten Front" - this is the book for you. For those who just want to read an exciting adventure of a boy who became an adult in an extremely extraordinary way, you'll get that too. In either case, I doubt you will be disappointed with this book!
 I highly recommend this book . The story is about a young Italian boy who unfortunately becomes changed forever by his experiences during WWII. The book is well written and the storyline flows bringing up every emotion that I can think of. It is a story that we should already be familiar with but are not. I am so glad that pino's story was finally written, and with such great detail and depth. This is a true story, and I find myself in awe of pino and Anna, the entire family, and of the courage they stood up to in the face of such evil. And pino is correct, some loves never die.
 I have just finished this book, the type you can't out down for long but don't want to finish. The story is described in the reviews so I won't, the writing is wonderful-taking you along each step of the way, and Pino (along with so many others who resisted) are why those of us who, at times, see little hope for the future reminds us that life is about caring for our fellow humans, not just ourselves, that taking risks for the greater good makes our lives worthwhile. Thank you to all who helped bring this story and the forgotten war in Italy, and especially James Sullivan for researching and writing about it so beautifully.
 It open a door in the Italian history that is not often open.  The book keep my attention from the beginning of the end. It was obvious that the writer was American because even went the bombs were rapping Milan Pino was thinking "oh the Americans" in those moments even that I really think that Italians are grateful because in the end of the day the Americans were the ones that arrive to Italy to help, in those moments that Pino was putting a lot of enthusiasm in the "Americans" it feel more the point of few of the writer, like it lower a little be the authenticity of Pino, even though for sure Pino admired them and was grateful. Anyway the book is amazing and the writer make me feel different kind of emotions and also to learn more about the Second World War.
 Interesting take on WWII. First time I've read an in depth account of the War from Italy, specifically Milan. Story told primarily with the voice of a young Italian boy/man who had many experiences during the War. Many parental attitudes were explained as were those of the Italian people, both those who supported Mussolini and Hitler, those who supported the partisans, and those who were just trying to survive. Loved the summary which detailed many of the lives after the war and followed many of those who were portrayed in the novel.
 An amazing novel based on the life of Pino Lella, an unsung hero of the Italian front in WWII. As a teenager he helped many Jewish Italians escape to safety in Switzerland over treacherous mountain trails. He then became a spy within the German hierarchy. Finely written by the author,  who had the honor to speak to Pino. Like most WWII veterans, his story had remained private. Fortunately, we are now able to learn about the war in Milan and Northern Italy as the Allies advanced on the Germans and Fascist Italians. Though a true story, much of the documentation was destroyed by the Germans as they retreated. As a result, Mark Sullivan chose the novel to tell this incredible story, making it no less true.
 This true life story about the war experiences of a remarkable young Italian man reads like a well-crafted novel. As war comes to Milan, Pino is a sixteen-year old with little on his mind other than girls and jazz music. To get him and his brother away from the nightly allied bombing which is destroying much of Milan, his parents send them to Casa D'alpino, a school in the Alps run by Father Re. Father Re sends him on strenuous hikes to toughen him up and then recruits him to guide Jewish refugees to safety in Switzerland.<br/>Upon turning 18, however, his father insists that he come home and join Todt, a Nazi organization in order to avoid being drafted and sent to the Russian front where half of the Italian recruits die. After surviving a bombing he comes to the attention of the high ranking Nazi General Layers who recruits him to be his driver. Layers is in charge of logistics for the Third Reich in Italy and he is the second most powerful Nazi in the region. Pino accompanies Layers as he meets with Mussolini, fortifies the Gothic line and plunders the Italian countryside to maintain the hungry troops. Layers has a mistress named Dolly, and Pino falls desperately in love with Dolly's maid Anna, a young widow from Trieste.<br/>Pino's uncle works for the resistance and, upon learning that Pino is working for General Layers,  he recruits him to spy on him and feed information to the resistance. His situation alienates him from his brother Mimo and his best friend Carletto who believe him to be a traitor. He is not able to tell them that he is working as a spy for the resistance.<br/>The events of World War Two brought out the worst in some people and the best in others. Mark Sullivan presents all of the nuances in this enthralling work.
 Excellent Booh based on real events and people that unfortunately i never remember reading about.  Very fast paced and describes the most interesting facts about World War II and the occupation in Italy.  Characters you will admire,, enjoy and other characters you will detest.  How these characters meet and their lives cross is a fasintastic story.  The Author has added an After Chapter where he .writes about what happened to some of the key charaxters after the war, that is a most interesting read.  .  .
 This is the best book I have gotten from the monthly prime selection so far.  Based on a man's true story, I could barely put it down!  Well written, and even though I realized that the man was interviewed as an elderly man, I still found myself feeling like he couldn't possibly make it though some of his experiences.  I highly recommend this book, especially if you enjoy historical fiction or World War II books.  I learned things about the war in Italy that I hadn't known.
 From the first page to the last ...this is a story of courage, love, heartache, hardship, madness and forgiveness! A very compelling story of Pino Lella...his family, the young woman who truly was the love of his life...and the devastation of Italy and it's people by the Nazi's. This is definitely a story that will stay with me for a very, very long time! Very well written and descriptive...so much so, that I felt as though I were watching an Oscar winning movie as I was reading it!<br/><br/>Thank you Pino Lella and Author Mark Sullivan for reminding us to be grateful for every day no matter what the circumstances!
 this was an amazing book.  although it was written as fiction it is fact based (looked up a lot of the info on line).  i enjoy history and even thought WWII has been gone over many times by many folks those stories are of the 'heroes', Patton, Audy Murphy and the huger major battles the changed the course of that war.  this story was of the "little heroes". those men and women who did 'little things' that made the big things happen.  they never knew at the time what they were doing were anything other than the 'right thing' to be doing.  i disliked the violence of the book, but understood the necessity for it.<br/>i'd recommend this book to anyone with an interest in history in general and of WII specifically.<br/>like i said this was an amazing book.
 I've read a lot of WW2 stories, both real and fictional.  This one, based on the real events of Pino Lella, a teenager from Milan, Italy, is a gripping account of how one man's experiences and service are  deeply meaningful in the thousands of things that impact such a far reaching world event.  Pino first serves in the northern Italian mountains helping refugees and downed pilots to safety via challenging alpine routes to Switzerland.  Later Pino serves as a driver for a Nazi General, risking his very existence as a spy trying to obtain and transmit data to the Allied effort.<br/><br/>Some of the descriptive passages seemed a bit too wordy because the action was so treacherous.  I just wanted to fly through some of those passages to know the outcome.  There were so many times horrible back to back events were being described it's hard to catch your breath!<br/><br/>I found the emphasis on the need to have faith and persevere against dire circumstances very uplifting. I also appreciated that there were real life updates for all the main characters at the end of the book.<br/><br/>This is a very good story and I recommend it highly.
 The true story of Pino Lelly, a courageous 18-yr-old who in the waning days of WWII guided Jews over the Italian Alps to safety in Switzerland. His mountaineering and skiing expertise make riveting reading, as in fact the whole book does. His parents induce him to join the German Army to avoid detection. As a driver for a high-ranking German general, he becomes a spy for the Italian resistance. Complications ensue. There is a truly poignant love story that ends tragically. Pino must maintain his cover at all costs, including being denounced by partisans, and even by his own brother, as a turncoat. The scenes of Nazi brutality ring horrifyingly true, and the many ironic turns of the plot are convincing because they are part of this true story.<br/><br/>Mark Sullivan the author spent years researching Pino's story, as well as talking with him in his old age and with those who knew him. He has done a splendid job. This book bears comparision with UnBroken, Laura Hillenbrand's true story of Louis Zamperini.
 I found this book by accident until I realized it found me, which has been the case more than once. A compelling story from the outset, I couldn't put it down for long, sorta, I read it on kindle. This setting was not a theatre  of the war that I had read much about, which was part of its intrigue. It is, simply, a good story about ordinary people that had to deal with horror thrust upon them and how they dealt with it. It was ever thus. What boosted it up to a high five, that I really did not see coming, ...it was a true story, told many years after. ( I am half Sullivan on my mother's side, Mark, so good on you. Outstanding. )
 I reallyEnjoyed reading this book from beginning to end. Was very emotional very believable parts of it was so heart wrenching you felt like you were right there with Pino . It's too bad the end came out the way you did the author I think it a very good job of portraying how haunted Pino was after the war .
 I have read a lot of books about WWII that take place in Germany, Poland, France, etc.  This particular book takes place in Italy.  The main character unwittingly becomes a helper in escorting Jews across the Alps into Switzerland and freedom.  Back in Milan, Pino, our hero, is encouraged to join the Nazi forces by his parents as a way to save his life.  Italy had a draft and Pino was required to sign up or else.  After training Pino is assigned as driver to a high level Nazi and uses this to his and the Allied Forces benefit.  This book will take your breath away and then before you are able to once again take a deep breath, you're on another adventure just as harrowing.  It also gives you a picture of how horrendous war is.
 I feel grateful and more knowledgeable after having had the chance to read this fabulous and, at times, harrowing tale of a young man and the courageous, heroic and difficult journey that he chose to embark upon, as a spy and patriotic Italian during World War II.<br/>  Thanks to the author for his tremendous effort to bring forth this passionate, emotional novel about a true part of history that might have never been told, if he had not put pen to paper, and made sure Pino's story didn't die along with the brave individual.  Truly a stunning piece of literature.
 This is the amazing story of an 18 year old Italian boy during WWII.  Pino and his family live in Milan during the Nazi occupation.  Pino is sent to a school in the Alps to escape the bombings of Milan.  During this time a priest enlists his help to move Jews across the Alps into Switzerland. He helps these endangered people for about 6 months before he is forced to either join the Facist army and be sent to the eastern front or join the Nazi engineer squadron.  He choses the Nazis but conspires with his uncle to spy on their activities and send intelligence to the Americans.  The story is fast moving, exciting and filled with hard to believe characters.  This is an excellent book that will not disappoint.
 This is an amazing book that reads as fluidly as fiction but somehow, deep down, you feel the passion of real life. I was spellbound by this book, thinking about it when I wasn't able to read but managed to finish it quickly because I couldn't wait to get back to it. The author has done an amazing job of telling this hero's story, merging fact into his storytelling and a tremendous amount of research. Your dedication has paid off. Thank you for such a great read and reminding us all there's hope when all seems lost.
 It was a tiny bit tedious at the beginning and I had read so many world war 2 stories that I thought how could there be even one more. This was different, concentrating on one man, a boy really, when the book began l.<br/>Needless to say, when I was into about a quarter of the book, I couldn’t stop reading.<br/>The story is gripping, the characters charismatic or chillingly  inhumane.<br/>Having been to that area of Italy I felt particularly enmeshed.<br/>I didn’t even know it was about a real person. I won’t say anything more.<br/>I loved this book! It lingers in my mind.
 What an amazing story! I think that Mark Sullivan well deserves all the acclaim this book has generated.  He has handled his entire experience with Pino and his history with intellect, sensitivity and appreciation. That formed the foundation upon which all the horrors, loves and losses of Pino's life could be told with the underlying current of hope, resilience and goodness. I've learned a great deal about WW 2 in Italy from this book. Being Italian by birth, I particularly valued knowing more about the inner workings of Mussolini and Hitler in Italy at that time. Insane!  Still, the pain of Pino's loss of Anna Marta will hurt for a long time.
 This is the true story of Pino Lella, a teen living in Milan during the last 2 years of WW 2.  Pino's story is one of rare courage, strong faith, deep emotion and, sometimes, the luck of the draw.  I gained a better understanding of life in northern Italy when the U.S. Fifth army was fighting its way up the peninsula. The fascists were losing their grip, the Nazi war machine occupied the country, and the Italian partisans fought against the fascists and the Nazis. Through Pino and his family and friends, as well as his adversaries, I was drawn into an intimate portrait of wartime life. A must read story that needs to be shared.
 Very interesting and well-written book.  Moves right along.  You know from the beginning that it is based on a true story -- an fascinating true story.  The events took place in Italy during WWII, and the focus during those last 2 years of the war (mid-1943 to 1945) were more-focused on France and the race to Berlin.  At my age (seventy-mumble), I've learned a great deal about WWII and was surprised to learn of this adventure.  I think I saw reference to it being made into a movie -- I can't wait!!!
 I have read numerous books about WW2 and how it affected people in various countries . This , however , was the first time I read about the country of my ancestors .I am only 2nd generation born in America . I remember all my uncles and father in the uniform of various branches of the armed services serving our country .I don't know for sure if any of them fought in Italy but if they had they could have fought against relatives<br/>This story touches many and it is a true story of one young man and his family who saved Jewish Italians and fought in the underground against Fashists and the Nazis . Italy was not an alli to Germany but as conqured country was similar to France . The government under Mussilini was a puppet<br/>This was a remarkable story , inside wartime Italy .
 This true story reads like a fiction novel.  It is the account of an Italian youth who joined the German army in WWII.  Inadvertently he becomes a spy for the Italian resistance by being selected to be the driver for the German High Command's de facto military ruler of Italy, General Lerner.<br/>The driver falls in love with Anna, the maid of Lerner's mistress.<br/><br/>Fascinating, and tragic, the last years of WWII in Italy unfold while Peno grows to manhood in the tumult  and passion of first love.  The tragedies and horrors  of WWII are juxtaposed with the tragic first love of Peno and Anna.<br/><br/>The author has created  this somewhat slowly placed  fictionalized account of history with meticulous research and direct interviews of Peno and others.  The book is mesmerizing, slowly enmeshing the reader in young love and the tragedy of the end of WWII.  This book is excellent .
 A nice simple story, told nicely and simply. Not literature by a long shot, but readable by all ages.  There are some historical inaccuracies (the Germans did not attack down thru Switzerland for example), and the characters are predictable, far from complex.  I could not finish it as it put me to sleep, but I can see how would appeal to many.  Weak metaphors, nothing poetic. Nice and simple. Yawn.
 Fascinating, previously untold story, of one man's journey through the life, starting with the war in Europe.  I haven't read as much about the war as it affected those in Italy.  This young man had a front row seat in the Nazi picture as he came, quite by accident, to chauffer a leading general.  While this is based on real incidents and is gleaned from the personal interviews with the main character, it reads as a novel.  The love interest is appealing, his adventures and undercover work, exciting, and altogether, it's a remarkable life.  I liked it very much.
 I was not expecting to like this book.  I have read a couple of kindle books lately I couldn’t get through 50% of the book. I did not even rate them because there is no zero stars button.  But this book I loved and could not put down. I loved the lead character Pino and his family!  I so wanted to continue the journey with him.  Great WW2 book about a loving Italian family, Italy 🇮🇹 and German occupation of Italy during WW2.  The fact that it is based on a real person makes it so much more fascinating.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I didn't want to put it down....yet there were times I had to because I couldn't bear to read what was coming next.  I got very caught up in all of the characters. The book was a beautiful yet horrifying description of how people changed in order to survive during times of war. I reread the Epilogue section several times so I could take in what had happened to the characters afterwards. I only made it through the book because I had read in the  book description, before I selected it, that it was based on a true story from an interview with Pino Lella many years after the war - so I knew he had survived.
 All covered by will and ability and agility. Pino's adventures and talents were at the right time or the wrong time so that his exploits throughout WW II serve to prove that truth is more amazing than fiction. Just as his tale served to revive and renew the author so to does it make the reader better understand another aspect of the German occupation of Italy from 1943 on. The strange deals made by the Allies at war's end continue to confound. How could the devil and evil General Leyers live out his days in Germany?  How could Pino the general's drive be forced to drive him to safety by the US army? How could certain people be killed for no apparent reason than that they were in the wrong place at the wrong time?  An intense and circuitous ride.
 Interesting story, but way, way too long.  The novel is said to be based on the life of a real person.  It is hard to believe that one person could do and experience all that the main character did and experienced.  Trying to believe that all of the actions of the main character really happened was distracting.  I can suspend disbelief with the best of them, but in this case it was too hard.
 I don't give out a lot of five star reviews, but this one was worthy on every level.  Having read many WWII stories, I put a premium on those that are more truth than fiction.  The fact that this was well-researched and about someone who is still living, made this one stand out.  The story was fascinating, heart-breaking, beautiful and it just grabbed my heart, and imagination.  Thank you Mr Sullivan for all your hard work, and Pino Lello for your honesty, bravery, and heart.  This book will stay with me a long time.  Move this one to the top of your list readers, you won't be disappointed.
 I really want to read a lot of books, but unfortunately there are very few that can keep me interested. I usually end up reading, at most, the first couple chapters, then I get bored of it and stop reading it altogether. This book is the exception. I was a bit worried about it being over 500 pages when I ordered it, as I have never read a book even remotely close to 500 pages. But I was hooked from the start. The character development, descriptions, etc. were written so well that when I woke up in the morning my first thought was "I have to finish watching that movie, I really want to see what happens next". Then I remembered that it wasn't actually a movie, it was a book. No other book has ever made me feel that way.
 And hated to see it end... I haven't enjoyed a book more in some time.... I was on the edge of my seat....reading this real life drama of a war Hero that I had never heard of but will now never forget. Pino Lella.<br/><br/>My father landed on Normandy beach on D day when he was just 17....I thought of him often as I read Pinos story... Two brave young soldiers that were courageous beyond their years. I know they would have been fast friends. My father was a Purple Heart and Bronze Star recipient and  didn't talk about his experiences in the war until the latter part of his life as well. It was just too painful...<br/><br/>Bravo Mark Sullivan for sharing  this man and his amazing story with us....Well done indeed!
 Pino Lella's life was one of many stories, none dull. For being a well rounded and educated young man, he faced his  challenges with courage, his love of life with passion, and had great respect for his family.  There was an immediate intimacy with all his stories.  Maybe it was the tremendous tension and strife through which he lived during WWII, the love and loyalty he had for his family and friends and the undying passion and devotion he had for his Anna, but Pino was an outstanding young man.  He also had to bear witness to all the atrocities of those war years and being privy to some of the worse of it all.  Those stories were wrenching and unbearable.  He lived his life well and in the end was able to come to closer terms with the ghosts that haunted him.<br/><br/>IDE
 I loved this book so much that once I finished it, I looked up and read everything I could find about Pino Lella.  I'm thrilled he is still alive and that his son, Mike, has responded to many of the reviews here.  I hope BENEATH A SCARLET SKY is made into a movie and that Pino is able to see it - if he can bear to see on the Big Screen some of the tragedies he witnessed.  If you read this, Pino Lella, please know that you are truly a treasure, and I thank God that you have related your personal story to a world in desperate need of inspiration and faith.
 All of the 5 star reviews that I read about this book are true. This was one of the best stories I've ever read and the best war story by far.<br/>To comprehend that all of these amazing events really happened makes the book even more fascinating. Some of the coincidences, close calls, and serendipitous events were astounding. It reads like action-packed fiction - but it's a real story about real people during an extraordinary time.<br/><br/>The writing style beautifully enhanced the experience of reading about the heroic and tragic lives of Pino Lella and other average Milanese citizens during the war.  I knew the general story of Italy with Mussolini and the  German occupation. But this book really brought it to life.
 Enjoyed the true story of Pino Lally during 1942 through 1945, the 17 year old Pino who was an excellent mountain climber and skier led<br/>fleeing Jews over the mountains to safe passage in Switzerland.  How Pino was groomed by Father Re in the monastery to do this.<br/>Exciting story and the character and maturity of Pino as he grows to manhood is beautifully told.  The story continues as he has been taught driving<br/>by a noted champion driver and how inadvertently he becomes the chauffeur for a high Nazi General and becomes an undercover spy. In so doing<br/>the intensity and hazard of what he is doing put him in grave danger.<br/>I am an avid reader, especially true history stories and this book is an excellent read.
 Mose descriptive WWII novel I have read. More realistic in communicating the human impact from war. Bang! Another surprise, bang another twist of fate, bang you’re alive<br/>, bang you’re in love, bang... I was astounded to the last page. As a retirees search and rescue hilo pilot I know a little bit about fear and the courage it takes to face it. My deepest admiration goes to Pino for facing life full on and triumphing. Possibly the best book I have ever read...or ever will read. Thanks for having the courage to write with such deeply emotional book.
 This is a fascinating story, the more so because it is true.  In terms of WW II history, little has been written about the occupation of Italy by the Nazis and the role of the citizens in assisting in the liberation.  Pino Lella's story is extraordinary because an otherwise ordinary young man chose to take on courageous missions to lead escapees over the Italian Alps to safety in Switzerland, at great peril to himself.  Later, as an embedded spy in the Nazi high command, he risked his life to convey information to the allies.<br/>This is a terrific story, well told by Mark Sullivan.  Some of the style and details seem somewhat over sentimentalized, particularly in the dialogue, but overall a great read.
 Historical fiction at its best. Beneath a Scarlet Sky is based upon the astounding events and remarkable life of a young Italian boy, Giuseppe "Pino" Lella, who when only a teenager during WWII led Jews to safety through the Italian Alps and into Switzerland. He later became a spy against the Nazis and the risks he took are mind-boggling. This is a must-read and soon is to be released as a made-for-tv movie starring Tom Holland (Spiderman) &amp; produced by Amy Pascal (The Post) . Make sure to read the Aftermath as it brings the reader up to date on the lives of the other characters.  Pino is over 90 and still living life to the fullest. You won't be able to put Scarlet Sky down and unless I miss my guess will consider it one of the best 6 bucks you've ever spent on a book....guaranteed!
 (Alert: This review contains spoilers)<br/>  How many of us "baby boomers" have read, seen movies, &amp;/or heard story upon story of World War II? Personally, at one point recently I decided to "take a long break" from war stories. So, why did I give "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" five stars?<br/>  Author Mark Sullivan writes a war story from a unique perspective: a seventeen year old Italian boy who gets pushed into service by his mama!<br/>  Granted, this novel has the "usual" war scenes and occurrences, and I do not write that flippantly. Sullivan is descriptive, but not ruthlessly graphic.  We follow our protagonist, and always are treated to twists, turns, bombs,  machine gun fire, dark alleys, and espionage;  to snow-covered mountains, spires of churches, spring flowers, lakes, cemeteries, and, of course, to  Italian citizens, love, music, wine, laughter and tears.<br/>  This novel is exciting and suspensful. Because of the Italian 'boy' who becomes a man earlier than some, I found myself totally immersed in the story;  it is, almost entirely, difficult to put down!<br/>  This is a good book, well researched and written. And a big 'plus' are the final pages from Mark Sullivan that relate facts surrounding some of the characters in the book.  Talk about "twists!"
 I was excited to read this book based on all the 5 star ratings and its comparison to the "The Nightingale" and "All the Light We Could Not See. " Those books were so well written, and had so much heart and soul, that I will forever remember them. I was very disappointed in this book because it never lived up to the ratings; there is no comparison between those two books and this one, other than they all are stories about WWII.<br/><br/>I'm glad I read the book - not because I enjoyed reading it, but because I finished it, and now I can leave it behind. I have decided to consider more 3 star reviews when considering 4.5-5 star books.
 I loved this book. My mother is German and recalled and told me many tales of life there during Hitler's made,  horrific reign. It was the brave and selfless heroes like Pino  and my own mother's family members who were also part of the resistance that will forever be remembered for their courage and love of country and their fellow man. Those who saved and touched so many lives. Some recognized and others who live in the shadows, unless brought out into the light  by people like the author. Thank you for singing his song.
 This was a very well-written book. I took this as a Kindle First choice, even though it's not a genre I typically read. It took me a few months to get to it, since I have a huge backlog of books on my Kindle, but I'm glad I read it. It was a bit slow to start, but still enjoyable. Once I got about halfway through it, I had difficulty putting it down. I often read it at work before starting my shift,and was late once or twice because I lost track of time. Also: tears. Oh, the tears. Very emotional read.
 Wow. At first I doubted I'd like this book, wasn't sure why I got it and it took a few chapters to really get ensnared, but I was.  I found myself still up at 3 am reading. Not just another book about the war, but about so much more. This tells the story  of a young boy turning into a man in the pressure cooker and time compression of wartime. He finds himself being so much more than what never dreamed himself capable of.  Braver, fiercer, fearful, of deeper faith, less than faithful, more deeply in love, self sacrificing then fully self protecting. The full range of a lifetime of experiences, tragedies and emotions compressed in a couple of years. Based on a true story this novel resonated in my heart long after I read the last bit.<br/><br/>Well done, beautifully crafted. I read this on Kindle and I'll probably buy the book for my personal library. I still love the real thing in my hands!
 Perhaps this isn't always the best way to choose a book, and I chose this one because it had a five-star rating on Amazon. Having read twice William Styron's book "Sophie's Choice," I appreciated "Beneath a Scarlet Sky," yet I could not stop thinking about Styron's book. Although the books are very different, they both take place during the same time in history. I appreciated Mark Sullivan's expertise in writing about WWII in Italy and it is amazing that it is a true story, yet I still have a place in my heart for Styron's depiction and deep emotion of the chaos, terror, deep sadness, and destruction during the war years. It is amazing the choices people have to make during war and how it affects their lives. Both books are important to read to learn about those choices. I recommend this book.
 This is such a good story and I admire the author for the research and work he did to piece it together. This is not your typical story of how the Nazi's terrorized the Jews and everyone else for that matter. It is a story of a young man's bravery that turns into a personal conviction to do all he could to protect the freedom of innocents. It is also an honest story of Pino's highs and lows and his difficulty to make the "right" decisions. I felt it was written at about an eighth grade reading level, but then the story sucked me in and that was all that mattered. Read this book. You will enjoy it.
 I am usually not a fan of war stories but this one was difficult to put down once I got into the story. Very good read! Mark Sullivan did a wonderful job researching and writting about the life of Pino Lella, his family, friends and their lives during the war. It is a treasure to have someone share Pino's story, even if some of the book was fiction. The outline of his life is there for everyone to see and be amazed by his perserverance. We can't completely comprehend what if must be have been like to have lived through those times during the war, but we certainly need to learn what went on. Thanks to people like Pino Lella for sharing their stories and talented writers like Mark Sullivan bringing those stories to life. It would have been a shame to have Pino's story lost forever.
 This is by far one of the best books I have ever read. I cannot recall the last time I was able to wholeheartedly rate a novel as 5 stars, however "Beneath A Scarlet Sky" had me turning page after page not only with the absolute thrill of the story, but for my genuine love and heartbreak for Pino Lella and his loved ones. I found myself laughing with the boyish charm of Pino and his young friends during summer days, sitting on the edge of my seat with every new chapter through war torn Italy, and then ultimately...the quiet tears that fell at the end of our young hero's story. Please, if you have any hesitations about reading this book; cast them aside. If you read one novel this year I cannot recommend this enough.
 Don't read the back cover - just dive right in. I felt like I was actually in the action of WWII Italy with Pino Lella. He went on quite a journey helping Jews and then working for a high ranking German official. You can feel the emotions of Pino and also the people he meets and knows every day.<br/>Some of the book is sad, as that war was awful, but the book is also hopeful as most of this action takes place near the end of the war.<br/>If you read this you won't be sorry and you will be longing for more from Mark Sullivan. A superb read. Also based on a true story.
 Amazing incredible story, especially when you read the Afterword and find out that the main character is still alive at 91, living in Italy, where the author was able to interview him several times. The book is written as historical fiction based on the true story of Pino Lella, characterized as a "forgotten hero" of World War II in Italy. The author chose to write the book as fiction rather than non-fiction since so many of the main characters had died and the Nazis had burned so many of the relevant documents. In that way, the author is able to create a very deep emotional story. I didn't think I was ready for another WW II book but thoroughly enjoyed this one.
 I agree with the 5 star reviews posted here. After reading “Beneath a Scarlet Sky”, I wanted more, so I found images, biographies and articles about the characters and places in this book. I’m still thinking about the story. It’s become one of my favorite.<br/><br/>This is not a war story or a love story. It is a true story about some loving people caught up in a hateful struggle. You will think about them for a long while after you have finished reading.
 You will not be able to put this book down.<br/> It is based on a true story and is honestly one of the best books I have ever read. I cannot say enough good thing about it. I have read nothing but books set in Europe in WWII since reading this. Actually I have been devouring them. Last night I was up until 4:30am reading "City of Women" all because of this incredible book.<br/><br/>My children are all reading it and agree with me. I am 65 and they are in their 30's.<br/><br/>Pino and Anna will stay with as will beautiful Italy.
 wonderfully written.  I could not put this book down.  I was always wondering will he make it over the mountain? what will happen with his friend? etc.  So I went from one more page, one more page, to one more chapter.  Read it in 4 days. I love historical fiction and to find a true hero like Pino so long after this all happened is remarkable!  As I believe, all it takes is just one person to make a difference in the world.  I recommend it to everyone I know.  I am looking forward to reading other books by this author.
 Pino Lella’s story, in fictional form, left me breathless and in awe of a life so full of unsought adventure and traumatic losses. At times it was surreal that one person could pack so much drama, so many historical figures into one life span.<br/>The narrative could have used some editing to smooth awkward spots, but the forward momentum of the story kept me engaged and reading almost non-stop. Milan, the Italian Alps, wartime conditions all came alive for me. Pino came of age as World War II roared through Northern Italy and I could feel his shock and soul-deep repugnance as Nazi brutality became his daily reality.<br/>This story will stay with me.
 This is a compelling story of a man who was a central performer in more courageous acts and deeply tragic events than 100 ordinary people ever experience collectively. He’s cunning, brave, talented and larger than life - a witness to major historical events and characters and to personal highs and lows on a Forrest Gump scale, or even greater.  His tale contains remarkable revelations about humanity and inhumanity.  I’m not overly fond of the author’s writing style, which feels more journalistic than literary to me, but the story itself is so amazing that the way it’s told is secondary.  I’m not sure exactly what’s fictional in this book, but it seems closer to biography than novel to me.
 I wasn't sure what to expect when I started reading this book.  However, it has moved up to the top of my list now for favorite books.  The realistic presentation of events and the author's way of eliciting emotion from the reader makes this book more of an adventure than just a good read.  I started reading it at bedtime and didn't look up until 4am.  Wow.  I never do that.  I was sorry when I finished the book and didn't feel like starting a new book for awhile.  It is the kind of story that stays with you.  I strongly recommend it to anyone that enjoys historical fiction as close to reality as it gets.  Well researched.
 I thought the beginning was a bit slow and I was not sure I was going to like the book. Then before I knew it, I was enjoying it very much. The hero is so well developed in character as well as the father and uncle. I really wonder what my father experienced when he was there. I imagine now that there was a lot my father saw that he was never able to talk about. This book made me realize, more than ever, why the United States had to win. I think this book is so good I would say in the top 20 of my favorites. I highly recommend this book and can't say enough good about it.
 What an awesome story and it's true!  Some dialogue was filled in from what I've read from the author, but to think this series of events and the outcomes is mind-boggling.<br/>In the beginning of the book, I almost set it aside , I wasn't thrilled with or even liked the main character.  Then he began to grow on me as he took risks and began to mature. Sullivan did a tremendous writing job of sharing the sequence of events, the emotional growth and the historical background of this young man. Best book I've read in a while.
 Mark Sullivan’s “Beneath a Scarlet Sky” tells the amazing story of Pino Lella, who in the two concluding years of World War II lived several lifetimes in the midst of beauty and majesty of the Italian mountains that he loved, taking terrible risks in rescuing refugees he did not know but could not ignore, enduring the incredible tensions and agonies of an undercover life-and-death role at the center of Italy’s agonizing German occupation, experiencing the thrill of first love unfolding against the backdrop of the last year of the war, and descending into the darkness of the immense loss of that love that shattered his life in so many ways. How can you put a book like this down? You can’t and don’t. With only a few flaws in the story telling and an occasional bit of modern English creeping into the language, the book evokes a time and a place long lost but so very worth revisiting.
 I just finished reading Beneath A Scarlet Sky last night.  I'd say it's the best Kindle First offering I've ever read.  I've always been interested in WWII novels, but I've not seen many books or movies about the war or the Resistance in northern Italy.  Although my father was born in America, his parents were from a small mountain town near Turin, so it particularly piqued my interest.<br/><br/>What an extraordinary life Pino has had, full of bravery, excitement and heartache. I appreciated the Preface and Aftermath explanations about the incidences described in the book and what happened to many of the individuals.  Such a surprise to read that Pino had been a ski instructor at my old stomping grounds of Mammoth Lakes, CA, although he was many years before my time.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this book.
 Wow. What a tale.  It combines the true intrepid lives of amazing men like "seven years in tibet", "ice" or "The Great escape" with amusing feeling of forest gump always being in the right place for providence to smile, and the sorrow bordering on "the english patient".<br/><br/>I got this as a amazon "first read"  so I had no reviews and no expectation.  The blurb on the jacket is misleading about the story but it would be almost impossible to summarize all of this accurately.  It's just an untold story of world war 2 that is stunning.  all the more so because it occurs in the beautiful culture of northern italy.
 I thought I was tiring of WW II novels, but this one, set in Italy, gave me more background about that little known front in the war.  The book is well written, but after a while, you start to feel that this supposedly historical novel has strayed too far in to fiction.  The lead character has an almost Forest Gump like luck of being in the right place when famous meetings or events are taking place.  As in a Jason Borne novel, he narrowly missed death on numerous occasions.  Still, if you can approach this as historical fiction, and not as a biography, the story moves along and keeps you wanting to turn the page.
 From the preface to Pino's picture I was captivated by a story of such intense intrigue and emotional awareness!  The life of Pino and his family, colleagues, and ones he worked for was unbelievably complex but told with warmth  and  truth. The story kept me turning the pages as the clarity of what was happening became all too painfully our history. Being a child of someone who lived this horror and also did their part in resisting and hiding others from the atrocities is a legacy I will always have the most respect for! THANK YOU MARK SULLIVAN FOR WRITING THIS ACCOUNT.
 I absolutely loved this book. I could not put it down. A very thought provoking and incredible story highlighting both the evil that surrounded World War II events, but also illustrating the bravery and courage of a number of people, not just the central character, Pino Lello, and the risks they were willing to take to help others, without compromising their humanity.  A mind-blowing story about an incredible brave person, Pino Lello and his journey through this awful war.  For someone who struggles with history, it was a great way to learn more and not forgot about the horrors of war. It evoked so many strong feelings, and has made me think so much about humanity since reading it. I recommend it for anyone.
 The story of Pino Lella was meant to be told. It is almost as if a divine hand led to its telling, because it is inconceivable that it would be lost to history.  This is truly an epic tale that ends with a twist that is stranger than fiction. To imagine that one man could live and experience a life so full of determination, heartbreak, love, passion, brutality, courage, honor, despair and survival of nearly impossible odds, is just beyond all scope of reality. And yet this is a true story set in a violent and chaotic time. This story will not be soon forgotten. I give it my highest recommendation.
 Wow!  What a life Pino lived.  I knew virtually nothing about Italy during WW2 and this person’s story encapsulates almost all portions of it.  From the resistance to the Catholic Underground Railroad to the rise and fall of Nazis, Fascism, and Mussolini’s demise.  I cannot believe I made it to 41 without ever hearing about Pino Lella is kind of unbelievable.  There is enough of an undercurrent of romance in the last half that history teachers might be hesitant to assign it which is a shame only because it is such a marvelous peek into this little known part of history.
 This was a novel about historic events.  The characters were fully developed and the story was engaging.  It was bit too realistic with the "bad" guy getting away with a wealth of crimes.  While that may be discouraging, it is true to today's circumstances where taking food from innocent children is good for them because it will make them less dependent.  One is no longer dependent when one is dead!  While today is not a drastic as it was in Italy during the end of WWII, one wonders if we will return to the evil of that time.
 This tells an absolutely incredible tale, tended to stretch my credibility switch at times to buy into complete acceptance...but I read the entire book!  If nothing else, this an amazing story.  The writing is a tad clunky now and again, that may  relate to to subject matter, but it relates to a sector of history that I don't know a lot about, while thinking of myself as a WWII semi-freak.  The multiple facets of this story are hard to get my arms around, but I have recommended to book to my family members...and I do the same to you.  It's worth a read...
 I was 8  yrs. Old when pearl harbor as attacked. I didn't know where the war was  but to a young girl  of 8 it seemed like it was in our backyard. My father listened to the news every night at 9:00p.m. and I would go to bed and cover my head so I wouldn't,t have to hear about it. I have always been a history buff, so this book was the epitome  of a world gone mad.  I would gladly recommend  this novel to anyone interested in history or world war 11. I am now 83 yrs. Old  and still a history buff. I didn't get much sleep while reading this book. Very captivating.
 I love historical based stories, this man's story caught my attention from the first chapter.  Not being from that period, people like me may have no accurate idea what people in that era had to tolerate just to live surrounded in utter despair hoping to survive for a better day.  This is an amazing story, worth your time to absorb something about this man's young life, people around him, how they coped, how they survived in Italy during 1944-45.<br/>You’ll learn about how the Allied invasion of Italy, the Normandy invasion, Italy's fighting factions, the coldest winter, the desperate orders coming down from the German high command prejudiced the lives and situation of the people of Milan.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky was an excellent story of intrigue and triumph.  Many have compared it to Unbroken, and I agree. The difference is this is a true story that has been made into fiction, making it  more palatable to read.  Sullivan writes with in-depth characters, and takes  you into their very souls. When they cried, I cried.  I was sad to see this book end and would have loved to hear even more of the story. The epilogue which tells the real-life stories of the characters and how their lives were lived after the story ends was an awesome bonus.
 This was an amazing book! I will not soon forget the name Pino Lella.  I loved how the author began the story with his personal journey, then as the story wrapped up, he completed the story by telling how all the main characters finished out their lives, some to this present day.  I was so taken with this story, never told in any history class, I have been unable to pick up another book for a few weeks now as I am still engrossed in my mind.  Can't say enough good things, I give it 10 stars!! I read they are making a movie out of this story, so glad I read it first, but I will be first in line to see the movie!
 Upon reading this book, I had no idea that it would change my thoughts and ideals during such a horrific time in the worlds history. This book gave me hope, despair, loneliness, happiness and an odd feeling things would end up they way they had been meant to. Pino has became a heroic icon throughout the book and a part of history. This book has opened my eyes to see the positives in life and the awful things human kind is capable of. This story is like no other I have read and has humbled my mind and heart to realize there is good in the world even when darkness of hate was the ideology.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to those who want to learn of not only history but also to be unraveled with emotions that can change your perspective and understanding of hate, love and the raw courageousness that one may empower.  5 + stars.
 An amazing epic story of Pino Lella, a true war hero whose story was forgotten and marginalized by history. Based on true events occurring in Italy during WWII, Sullivan skillfully brings to life an enthralling period of the past to the contemporary reader and awakens our curiousity to some of the actual happenings in Italy in the last days of  the war. Well researched and written, the book is a must-read to all historical fiction fans.
 Pino's story captivated me and took me on a journey of adventure, suspense, admiration, and heartbreak of the deepest kind possible. I felt like I was right next to him through his experiences. There were some parts I couldn't bear to read and let my emotions experience the heart wrenching depth. But mostly I couldn't stop reading the words page by page, as if I was caught up in a landslide. And the ending. Oh, the ending. Enough said. Find out for yourself.
 My book club read this book and everyone found the story interesting, it appears that most of it is true but we strongly questioned the portions about the main character's relationship with his girlfriend, I suspected the author added  this romance aspect to increase book sales but I have difficulty believing it is historically correct. There plans to make a TV miniseries from the book.<br/><br/>  The writing left something to be desired, it did not flow very smoothly and one person said he thought it had been written by a 4th grader! The writing is not that bad but while the story is interesting the writing is choppy.
 This is an EXCELLENT, well written historical story that I highly recommend.  It occurs in WWII in Italy, is fast paced, believable, complex, and is based on real events and people that the author describes in the "Afterward".  Throughout the story, it was difficult to guess what would happen next.  Although I have read many stories of this era, this is one of the best.  It tells what happened in the areas around Milan, about the treatment of people there, and shows the very real bonds that Italians have for their friends, family, and culture.  It is a superb novel on all levels, and while I wish some events in the story hadn't happened, it is all history, and is a book I have already recommended to many friends.
 From an historical perspective it was very interesting to read about the Nazi experience in central Italy toward the end of WWII.  A little bit of psychological overkill at times perhaps but then again maybe not.  It's almost impossible to appreciate the horror of the war and the cruelty and horror of the citizens' circumstances and the Nazi and Hitler mentality.  Very good and interesting for history buffs.
 I have read many books involving WWII, regarding the Pacific and European theatre. But I had never read a book that focused on ?Italy and it’s part in the war. This book differs also in that it tells the story away from combat for the most part, and from the perspective of the civilian population of Italy, which was really “occupied” by the German Army, even though Italy was officially an Ally. A very different book, with a very interesting take on the war. Unique. Interesting. Captivating. You will enjoy it.
 Very entertaining story that provides a view into an important part of history. Prior to this book, I hadn't read much from the Italian perspective of WWII. The writing is action packed from start to finish. It's a bit difficult to judge the story because it's supposedly based on a true story with some author "privileges" around actual dialogue and events. I find it hard to believe however, the astonishing number of coincidences the main character found himself in. If 100% true, it's simply amazing. If not, the reader is left wondering how much was embellished.
 I liked the depictions of the mountain and lake district above Milan. I have ancestors from that region and have visited the lakes, villages and taken the train over the pass into Switzerland.  The story was informative to me because I was a child during WW11 and didn't realize the devastation of the city of Milan, the Nazi brutalization of the Italians.  What I didn't like was the sadness of the love story, ending in the assassination of the protagonist's lover.  Also, I think there could have been a more apt title to indicate that this was a war drama.
 The central characters in this novel are realistic, because this is *almost* historical.  The protagonist and antagonist were both present in Italy during WWII doing pretty much exactly what the book narrates.  The love story is also poignant in the extreme, and an historical reality.  The story is very well told and it illustrates the extraordinary heroism that existed in this bleak chapter in world history in otherwise unremarkable people, like the main character, Pino Lello, who would almost certainly eschew the title of hero.  It makes one wonder how many other such untold tales are lost to history.
 Reading this book was a deviation from my usual genres, but I found it to be an excellent portrayal of the Nazi presence in Italy and how it affected the lives of ordinary citizens--well, not that the main character was in any way "ordinary."  He was bold, courageous, daring and so much more!  I would highly recommend this book.  I could not put it down.  Riveting!
 Anyone into Historical Fiction, and especially the World War Two era, will enjoy this novel. The young Italian protagonist is thrust into numerous situations involving the usual terror and misery associated with Nazis, The Resistance, love, hate and hope, but with an unusual espionage twist.<br/>I don't give many 5 star ratings, but this novel had me hooked all the way.
 Fascinating and real life look at Milan and the North of Italy during WW2, including life within the populace, the Partisans, the resistance, the German Army and even the "Mafia", as well as including the Jewish refugees within Italy.  While the real life stories of activities among these differing factions are extremely interesting, the book also includes a concise and, I thought, extremely interesting review of what happened to some of the prominent characters of the story after the War.
 This book sat on my Kindle for a month+, since I got it as a Kindle monthly. I finally ran out of books to read and gave this one a chance. I normally pick sci-fi, or thriller, but was I glad I read this.<br/><br/>It was an excellent, and more importantly moving book. WW2, Nazis and the Holocaust get me at a personal level, but none the less the writing in this book and the power of the Pino's story was enough to bring me to tears several times (not too hard).<br/><br/>It is a beautiful, but sad story of a young man who's family, life, and nation are torn apart, with love lost and gained. A touching, complicated examination of a couple years in history that changed the world forever.
 I have read a fair amount about WWII, including many of the lesser known stories that have come to light over the last 25 years or so.<br/><br/>Never have I heard even a passing comment about Pino Lella.<br/><br/>First - what an extraordinary story. Heart-warming and heart-breaking.  Exhilarating, exhausting and gut-wrenching...all at the same time.<br/><br/>Second - superbly written.  Even through long passages of extreme detail, the author keeps the reader thoroughly wrapt. And although many of the characters at times seem larger than life, they are never allowed to overtake the amazing stories that are unfolding.<br/><br/>I could not recommend this book more highly.  Thank you for sharing this story, and doing so in such a compelling fashion.
 This is a wonderful piece of historical fiction about aspects of World War II that we don't read much about. While the main character, a real life hero and not fictitious, is not quite as inspiring as Louis Zamperini, the comparisons to Unbroken are somewhat true. The story itself is quite compelling and interesting, though the end where the author shares what happened to the main characters in real life is a bit disappointing. I have highly recommended this book to friends.
 Mark Sullivan has put together the narative of the life of Peno Pella which takes so many twists and turns that it is always fabulously intriguiging.  Fast paced moves of connected characters in the  city of Milan during WWII as it is under constant bombardment.  Pino and brother Mimo take families of Jews in through mountains of the Swjss Alps to safety in Switzerland.<br/><br/>But there is so much more intrigue and action tbat it is hard to put down.<br/><br/>Remember this is non-fiction.<br/>ך<br/>Amazing stuff with a big surprise ending.<br/><br/>Read it.  Enjoy.<br/>ץ
 Life is change, constant change, and unless we are lucky enough to find comedy in it, change is nearly always a drama, if not a tragedy. But after everything, and even when the skies turn scarlet and threatening, I still believe that if we are lucky enough to be alive, we must give thanks for the miracle of every moment of every day, no matter how flawed."  He is such an innocent goid human being you can't but love Pino
 There has not been any book like this one, with dates and history, that at some point, didn't drag on and on so much so that I couldn't read it. Not this book. There was nothing I didn't like about it.  An important message is within its pages that all of mankind needs to rekindle inside itself again. There is everything I did like about it. There are aspects of the book we all can relate to and some aspect most of us won't. But it doesn't matter because it will capture your heart and cause you difficulty to put it down. Read it, you won't be disappointed.
 I loved this book.  Thank you so much to the author for writing it, Pino Lella for sharing it and for your sacrifice.  I remember when I was a young child and my family moved to Italy not everyone at school was welcoming.  Some even said go back to America.  My father's response used to be, "If it wasn't for the Americans during the war....." and I was reminded of that throughout this book and it gave new meaning to what my father said; my Italian father who was always so proud of his country but when we moved from America to Italy became so proud to be from America.  Looking back at these stories will remind us to do better, be better, love and embrace one another, forgiveness is better than vengeance and to be grateful for the simplest things in life.  I'm sad I finished reading this book.  This story will always be in my heart.
 I followed Pino's story with joy, sorrow, suspense, intrigue, love, hatred--the gamut of emotions. At times, I actually wept with him! So often, a true story becomes like a documentary and can become tedious, boring. Every page of this beautifully written Scarlet Sky held me enthralled. No work of fiction could have been more exciting and engaging--and I will always wonder how a free pass was finagled and when a certain Nazi  knew about the observer!
 I never previously considered the Italian  perspective of WW 2. The character development was exceptional and the twist were both believable and shocking..  The more I read the harder the book was to put down.  I recommend the book to anyone that has interest in the impact of history upon ordinary people. Or the potential for ordinary people to become hero's.
 I gave this book 5 stars because it encompased the entire scope of human experience. So many times tears would run down my face at the sheer aching heartbreak of what happened to young Pino, faced with choices that would scar anyone. His faith and goodness are an example to strive for. In the end, haunted by memories of horrible things, he still managed to have a good life. I hope to be even a fraction of the person that this man was.
 This story, although a historical fiction, contained known facts about WWII in Italy. The plight of Italians and how they were impacted by the war. It also included the story of a young man and his family and how they survived and helped persecuted Jews escape the Nazis. What makes it a history fiction was the personal story of Pimo Lilla. He told Sullivan as much as he could remember over a 10 year period. Sullivan, beautifully filled in the gaps of his personal life and love story. I was caught up in this story from the first chapter to the last.
 The true story of Pino Lella, a young man in Italy during WWII, is absolutely riveting. Told through his unique experiences of love and conflict, readers are able to learn about the war and it's affects in Italy and Milan. Even more intriguing is Pino's involvement with both helping the Jews, and "working" for the Nazi's.<br/>I'd recommend this book to anyone that loves history, especially based on real characters. Most WWII history isn't told from an Italian's perspective, so this was even more interesting. I couldn't put it down! It's beautifully written, and obvious that a lot of time was spent researching people, places, and facts. I'm so glad I read it.
 The story is complex but easy to follow thanks to excellent writing skills.<br/>I became thoroughly hooked and I can't imagine how the real story can be made to fit within a 90-120 minute movie. As always, they will just tap the sensational scenes and omit the depth of the story which is what makes it so interesting but still moving.<br/>Along the way, you'll gain a better understanding of life in WWII from the viewpoint of a teenage boy on his way to sudden adulthood.<br/>I can't see how a person cannot like like this story. Even the "afterword" discussion is unbelievable. Thanks for the writing .
 I don't know where to begin.  This over 500 page book ruled my life for three days.  It is riveting.  Unless you are prepared to immerse  yourself in this story and put the rest of your life on hold......don't pick it up!  The writing is graphic, beautiful, wonderful.  The story of Pino Lella and what he went through for two years as World War II was coming to a grinding finish is beyond description.  And, in the interest of not spoiling it for your I will not go into details of the events.  I will certainly not reveal the ending here in this review.  Shocking!  What a literary treat based on a true story.  Thank you, Mr. Sullivan, for writing this masterpiece.  Bravo!
 At the tender age of 17 when many bright, attractive young men are obsessed with education, love, sports, self-absorption and fun, Pino found himself on a different path. Although always craving adventure, he never imagined he would find himself helping distressed strangers, mainly Jews, take a dangerous path through the Alps to safety and freedom. If that were not enough, he later became a spy to help protect Italy from the lunacies of Hitler. The tales Pino tells of his hardships, fears, love and challenges make readers pull for this unsung hero!
 Top notch presentation of WWII escapades of young Pino Lella. The wild ride of circumstances lead this Italian youth through a myriad of experiences. The war changes everyone's  lives, and no one would believe all the changes Pino would go through. Saving Jews, espionage, romance, tragedies and challenges comprise an unknown hero's wartime days. Many years later,  his story comes to light.
 I totally recommend this book to anyone who is interested in reading about World War II especially one that brings the human element to the forefront!  It is best if you allow yourself ample time to read because once started you will not want to put the book down. This book will bring you to tears frequently. It is written with such clarity that you find yourself almost hearing the tanks rolling over the roads or the plane dive bombing to strafe the general's car with bullets. I now want to reread the book to make sure I didn't miss anything!
 I enjoyed this book because it's theme  - Italy under the fascists and nazis - is interesting given the complexity of the period - the Italians were both allies  and victims of the  Nazis. It certainly is a well written and compulsive read based on the true life memories of an unknown hero. Although well researched, the Achilles heel is the role of the main protagonist which relies IMHO too much on the man's memories without enough independent verification - this probably won't bother anyone but me. So yes, a good read.
 This novel explores a neglected subject in WWII history; however, it is poorly written and has none of the qualities of a good novel such as "All the Light I Cannot See" or  "The Narrow Road to the North..."  The author was hampered by basing his work literally on a real human being and was caught between two genres, biography and fiction.  It would have worked better as a memoir "as told to.....". But it is certainly a look into an undercovered subject, the horrors in Italy during the war.  Like many skeletal novels, it  will probably make a good and informative movie and I'm glad to have read it for what I learned about the Italian people caught in the clutches of both a Fascist leader and  Hitler. Read it for the plot and info, but don't expect literary merit.
 I had a wonderful reading experience thanks to the talents of an outstanding story teller, Mr. Sullivan....who made Pino Lella a living soul of remarkable dimensions.  Throughout the story I related to remembrances of my uncle Edward, my mother’s brother who was drafted into The Army in 1943.  After leaving home in Northern Rhode Island, and following Bootcamp he was sent to North Africa where he fought the Germans at well remembered places like Kasserine Pass...then onward to Sicily and Salerno, then up the Italian peninsular to Monte Casino where he suffered a bullet wound to his knee which led to his return to the US and disability.  He remained a psyche patient and an alcoholic for much of the remainder of his life.  Today we would call his affliction PTSD. To the Army he was a shell shocked machine gunner, and tragically, a killer, dangerous and unfit to return to civil life.  He struggled against his memories until he died in the early 1970s, somewhat prematurely at age fifty one.
 Lately I have been interested in historical literature. This story has a lot to give. The tale of a young Italian teenager who watches the Nazis as they enter his city in the early days of WW2. He is sent away by his family to escape the atrocities only to return as an unlikely assistant to the resistance. He can tell no one. He is only 18 and we watch as he becomes an essential ally. Confusion, despair, hope and a strong sense of what is right drives him. You won't believe the selfless things he does and what happens in the end. How is it we never heard of this hero before? Because that is what young Pino is. To everyone but himself. We also get to see what happens to the characters after the war. Where they go and how they turn out. A riveting story of love and loss in one of the darkest times in history. 5 stars because it is very well written and the author obviously went out of his way to research all that is told. And because I simply could not put it down! You won't be disappointed after finally meeting for yourself a young man called Pino Lella. Thank You Mr. Sullivan and I hope you continue to see every day as awesome.
 I started this book and found it was one of those that I couldn't put down.  Although it was simply written, it held my interest all the way to the end.  I enjoyed the characters and found them, mostly, to be believable.  As the author states in the beginning, he takes some liberties with conversations and such but, on the whole, the historical events are accurate.  It highlights the atrocities of WWII in Italy, along with the Italians' and the Vatican's efforts to save so many.  Approx 80% of Italy's Jewish population survived the Holocaust due to Italy's and the Vatican's refusal to abandon them.  BRAVA!
 I rarely feel compelled to review a book upon completion, but 'Beneath a Scarlet Sky' was so phenomenal I have to. The book novelizes the actual, historical account of Pino Lela, a young man caught up in World War II in Italy, a front that doesn't get the focus it deserves when we think back on the war.<br/><br/>Had some of the twists and turns in this book taken place in a work of fiction, I would have rolled my eyes and not been able to take it seriously. But the story of Pino is so many things at once: gripping, funny, harrowing, heart-wrenching, uplifting and so many more things all at once; it brilliantly conveys the universal themes of love, faith, and loss in one man's story. The book lacks the storybook structure we expect reading a tale like this and not all loose ends are tied up neatly, giving the story even more humanity and resonance.<br/><br/>I'd recommend this book to anyone. If you have even a slight interest in WWII, and great stories in general, you'll love getting caught up in Sullivan's excellent telling of Pino's experience.
 I was totally engrossed in this book the character we learned about when he was a young boy and all of his experiences in his life some of them so tragic . The authors depictions of the war its violence it's horrors were vivid and captivating . It's part of history that I'm glad I wasn't around to witness . I admire the people who struggled through it and came out the other side . I would highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good story of courage faith hope in the inevitable happy ending .
 What an incredible story! I had very little knowledge about Italy and World War II and it I learned so much from this book. Pina was an incredible character, full of Bravery, compassion, empathy and daring. I could not put the book down! Even now, it is so hard to believe all of the events and people were real. It just made me appreciate all of the wonderful moments in life I have now I have the highest regard for all of the people who went through this horrendous time and appreciate all they did.
 Do Not Read "About this book"; far too much is revealed. Assuming that most of this book is truthful, then the expression "facts are stranger than fiction " is certainly correct. The story is improbable but enthralling. I admit an ethnic bias; as an Italian-American, I am proud of the main character and his family. A teenager who willingly risks his life repeatedly, Pino does so not for self-aggrandizement but because it is right. I've read a few similar books like The Nightengale and Behind the Fireplace; each was a worthy read. This is the best of all.
 It's a solid story and I definitely loved many aspects of this book but I had just read "We Were The Lucky Ones" and this novel tells a story that had to be told and will effect me at the cellular level for a long time but I found it written in a way that was almost script ready. That said, I loved the characters, the story, the whole of this book and I think that there is abundant good kharma in this world for Mark Sullivan and his tenacity in getting to the bottom of this narrative and telling it.<br/><br/>I guess that I am faulting it because it did not make me sob but that's not fair. It's an excellent book.
 Mark Sullivan does a remarkable job with this book, allowing even those unschooled in Italian, Swiss, German, and World War II history and geography to follow the story. He even assures that characters whose  names are unfamiliar to his readers remain easily identifiable. My only negative vibes came from the hero's disappointments with himself for what he determines to be his shortcomings, regrets that he did not opt to die on occasions when his own life was at stake. To me he was more practical than cowardly in the choices he made. Few of us are asked to make those calls in life. also, his sense of humor is exemplary.
 I cannot begin to imagine what it must be like inside a war survivor's heart and mind. This book took me through a journey that left me gutted, yet incredibly joyous for those who saw the war through. Pino Lella was written with such a compelling character. A young boy forced to endure horrors that bears such an unspeakable burden on one's soul. His growth was evident, inevitable, and you cannot help but mourn for what would have been such beautiful years.<br/><br/>The prose was simple and straightforward. There were times when the narratives caught me off guard - that is, I wasn't sure if it wanted to go all out or if it wanted to be restrained. I don't know if this was purposeful but it felt off on rare occasions. That tiny comment notwithstanding, I could not stop reading the book. It was a testament to the wonder that is the human spirit. A story worth reading, if only to remind us how incredible human beings are yet how fleeting life is.
 From the meaningful joy of a first love, to the heartbreaking sadness of watching your friends die. From the fear of being in a warzone, to the hateful determination of revenge. Beneath a Scarlet Sky runs the gauntlet of emotions.<br/><br/>The writing style is, 100%, what made this story amazing. Beautifully written and contextualized, finding the perfect balance of specificity and vagueness.*<br/><br/>***I personally believe the importance of this simply CANNOT be overstated (for any book). Specifics are obviously important so the reader knows what's going on, but too much and it can slow the book down. Wisely used in certain situations, you can provide a detailed experience, while being vague enough to keep pace and allow the readers imagination to fill in the blanks.***<br/><br/>But I have to talk about the ending. Oh, that ending!<br/><br/>Just when you think it's coming to a close, when you think the last couple chapters are going to peacefully wrap up Pino's story right after experiencing a heartbreaking tragedy, it throws you right back in the mix of espionage and intrigue. A culminating revelation capped by the telling of Pino's extraordinary life story made for a perfect ending.
 A bit of WWII history in Italy which is so compelling that the reader has to keep going back to credits and notes to realize that it is a real account and not fiction.  An excellently constructed story of a real Italian hero and a pert of the war that most, at least in America have little knowledge. End notes about Pino Lella's post war history are essential to the whole picture.
 This book is so NOT the kind of reading I normally do, but I have to say I'm very glad I picked it as my kindle first selection. My admittedly  abysmal lack of knowledge regarding the effects of WW II on Italy left me heartsick and extremely saddened by the story of human resilience by the main character, Pino Lella. The suffering and atrocities of world war must never happen again on this vulnerable planet, but I'm not naive enough to believe it won't. This is a very hard story to hear, and it will stay with me long into the future.
 This book was so beautifully written.  I felt like I knew Pino Lella and went along with him through his struggles to find his place amongst such devastation and tragedy.  The author does a wonderful job of detailing the interesting and tense relationship between Pino Lella and General Leyers that you almost feel like a third person as they drive along the Italian countryside during the war.  I hard a hard time putting the book down and highly recommend it for anyone that wants to hear the stories of the heros behind the war.  The brave men and women who decided to DO something.  I feel like we all have a bit of Pino Lella's courage inside of us, but not many would be brave enough to display it.  Thank you Mark Sullivan for the wonderful journey and thank you Pino Lella for your bravery in a time when not much more mattered.
 Thank you, Mr. Sullivan, for sharing this story. It was hard to put down.  If you like WWII stories, read this story, based on real events, of a young man growing up in Milan during terrible times.  He risked his life, time and time again for strangers.  Student. Guide. Driver. Spy.
 I just read this in a day and a half. I had downloaded it to my Kindle Fire and was out of other books. It started just a little slow, but what a great read. It's just so amazing that Pino was so brave in face of the horrible things that were happening in the war. You could truly feel his anxiety and fear in certain situations. Based on a true story....
 Wow! This is a wonderful and unbelievable yet true story. In answer to the question "What did you do in the War?" the hero of this story can say he was an incredible (and very lucky) hero, but nobody knows about him. The author calls this book fiction, but says &gt;90% of what happened is true.<br/>If you are a student of WWII, this book is a highly readable story of what was happening during WWII in northern Italy. I had no idea.
 First book written by Mark iv'e read....wont be the last !.....<br/>Thanks to kindle for listing New York times bestsellers.......<br/>Would have loved to have visited Milan in 2011, all I saw was the interior of the rail station at night, that in itself was exhilarating......no other rail station we saw like that.<br/>Unsure of a writer's style and would I like the book, I plunged in, one page after another the story unfolded, and I felt this is the best novel Iv'e read this year and Iv'e read some very good ones.<br/>I liked how the true story of Italian patriots further modified my views from my early youth of giving an ear to bigots as to the Italians being enemies of the allies during WW11. I felt the injustice the Australian Italians must have felt when they were rounded up and incarcerated.<br/>I liked the way the Catholic church supported the people, using their position in the Italian community to help Italians, jews and others, the portrait of father Re and others, again remembering unfair and negative comments long ago.<br/>The happenings to Pino took the reader on a journey, so not to spoil the story for an intending reader,I'll just say there is a rollercoaster of emotions.<br/>Historical novels are my favorite reading....<br/>Well done Mark, look forward to reading your next book.
 Enjoyed the story of this young man's heroic efforts to help people during World War 2.  He led many people to safety over the mountains from Italy to Switzerland risking his own life many, many times.  Later he chauffered a German General daily and used this opportunity to find out details and report them to the Resistance. He fell in love during this time and suffered a monsterous loss when she was shot as a collaborator.  I was very surprised at the end of the book to find out this was based on a true story.
 SPOILER ALERT!<br/><br/>An engaging tale about Italy, and Italians, during World War II. Although the protagonist, Pino, makes the transition from starry-eyed lovestruck teenager to brave saver of Italian Jews (guiding them over the border to Switzerland) with eye-popping speed, this possibly true tale holds your interest. Pino morphs into a driver/Allied spy for a Nazi general, risking his life daily. He seems to do this without much thought or effort, but later takes on a huge burden of guilt when his fiancé is executed by a firing squad before his eyes and he is powerless to help her. The book is weakest (over the top) when trying to describe Pino's love for the exquisite Anna; it's strongest when describing the beauty of northern Italy and its people.
 A very interesting true story from the account of a drive to a Nazi general based in Italy close to the end of the War. There were some parts which seemed to drag but were quickly picked up by the intense, almost unbelievable accounts at other parts. Upon finishing the book I could not believe this was someone's life, someone had gone through that much drama, heartbreak, suspense and bravery within just one lifetime. I've always been interested in books like this, however this particular period in Italy I wasn't too familiar with, so it was a great starting point.
 When starting the book, I found it a bit slow. I was actually aggravated with Pino &amp; Mimo. But, the author quickly riveted my attention an I found I hated to put it down! An amazing, true tale. Riveting. Disturbing. Touching. Heartbreaking. I will now be watching for the movie! If you find the true stories of World War II compelling and enlightening, this one brings Milan, Italy vividly to life under the Mussolini fascists and Hitler's Nazis.
 I am so glad I selected this book as my Kindle First choice. It's not the type of book I generally choose, but I was compelled to learn the story of a WWII hero. I could not put the book down. So much research was put in to telling Pino's story, and I'm so glad that after decades Mark Sullivan was able to offer such a wonderfully written account of some of the suffering that took place in Italy during the war. I will recommend this book to everyone I know!  Thank you Mark Sullivan. I just can't stop thinking of the story you told.
 I have always loved WWII stories. I am amazed of the courage of the people who lived through such atrocities.. Most of the novels I have read from that time period  have taken place in Germany or Poland. This one is different in that it takes place in Italy. Other novels are based on truth, however this is a true story. Mark Sullivan went to great lengths to get the details of the story correct. He tells this great story of courage, personal turmoil, love and war without letting his reader get bogged down with unnecessary details. At the end of the book he even lets the reader know what happened to many of the characters after the war. It is a riveting  story that is all the more amazing when you realize that this actually happened.
 I followed the heroic life of a teenage Italian boy during Nazi occupation of Milan with such intense fascination of his survival abilities, humor and selflessness that I was immersed completely in that time and place. I could sense the horrendous atrocities and the injustices suffered by so many, while at the same time be graced by the almighty power of faith and perseverance  dramatically described with these pages.<br/><br/>I wholeheartedly recommend this book to all readers.
 This is quite an adventure about WW II in Italy, a place and time rarely discussed.  The characters are real people, but this is an historical novel. So there is some license with the thoughts of the people.  There are times, however, when it 'slogs' a bit with the thoughts of the characters and the details of the locations - some possible editing of these?  Overall, I found the book engrossing!  It is wonderful to look on line to see pictures of the various people after the war and what they did.
 Yes, I gave five stars, it is a good book and the authors did  painstakingly research and spent lots of time to put pieces of incidents together to turn into fiction. According to author it is a true story and true stories are sometimes boring or interesting, this is a good story but not the best.<br/>Readers these days abhor too much details as about weather, or about construction of  churches  or any other monuments and physical appurtenances of characters,  which all together takes tens of pages. Writers should avoid boring details and don't waste readers time.<br/><br/>Avoid unnecessary details.  Some incidents are repeated in this book.  As it is not a biography of protagonist, so some spice is missing.<br/>I still recommend to read this book and you will get your times and monies worth.
 I read the book in two sittings, not planning to do so, but it really was (for me) hard to put down.  I didn't realize that this is the true story of a man's life, Pino Lella, and many others, of course, and what a man he is, indeed (still alive in Italy, I had to check).  Mark Sullivan has done an amazing job of assembling so many events, people and years into something that really is more than a book.  Like so many other reviews I've read from other readers, this man's astonishing life stays with you well after you set the book down.  I'm not including alot of the book's details, because I got it based on others' reviews without knowing much about it,  that definitely is the way to go.  Signor Lella's amazing life (and still at it, thank God!), Mr. Sullivan's fine rendering of that life, easy five stars for me!
 One of the BEST WWll books to be published. It was the first book that I have read on the war in Italy. Pino Lalla was so courageous and took so many chances with his life ,to help the allies. Mark Sullivan  did an incredible job of researching this book for 10 years. It shows in his writing and character development. It is a book that keeps you on the edge of your seat, while you turn page after page. How wonderful to read  that this man is still alive and was able to tell his story. Check the Internet for pictures of Pino.
 The story of Pino Lella is one of amazing feats to someone removed from the tragedy that was World War II by several decades. The book flows smoothly but with the occassional unexpected turn that is not unreasonable for a 17-18 year old person to exhibit.  There are multiple moral lessons one can learn from Pino Lella's experiences in Italy during the last two years of WW II.  Above all, never underestimate yourself.  Though this is a novel, Sullivan has retained the flawed humanity of a young man who lived at an extremely difficult time and place in history.  I'm really glad I read this book and have recommended it to several others.
 I got Beneath the Scarlet Sky as a Kindle first book for April. Unlike many Kindle first books I haven't enjoyed, this was beautifully written and truly a pleasant surprise. I have read many WWII and Holocaust stories, but most were played out in Poland, Germany, France, England, etc. I didn't know much how the war affected Italy. Pino's story truly had to be told and many thanks to the author Mark Sullivan to take up the research that led to this story. Definitely recommend this wonderful story to others.
 I have read several excellent historical fiction novels set in WWII in the past few years... and this was a great addition to the list including The Nightingale, All the Light You Cannot See, etc.  The Italian setting and involvement in the war was a "new" take on these stories.  As a result, I learned something new and enjoyed a well-paced, heart-felt read.  Highly recommended.
 Normally I am not interested in war stories. But this one is so spellbinding, I couldn't put it down. Some of the incidents were so horrifying that I dreaded what was coming next, and yet I continued reading. This is a story that needed to be told, and I applaud the author for telling it so well. I had no doubts about veracity of the story; I'm just amazed that Pino Bella was able to survive the war and all that he saw and experienced without becoming a bitter old man.
 I have been interested in WWII stories and have read several interesting books with this theme.  These books have enlightened me as to the horrors of the Holocaust.  What stands out to me about this book is the fact that it's based on a real person's life and we are faced with the hardships that Pino Lella had to endure. I also found interesting the fact that Mr. Lella was interviewed by the author.  I was captivated by Pino's story and, like some other reviewers, did a little research of my own into Mr. Lella's life.  I look forward to seeing the upcoming movie.
 This is a novelized account of a true story.  The protagonist, Pino Lella, was an older teen and young man in Italy during WWII.  He had a remarkable and exciting life during that time, becoming among other things a spy for the Italian resistance against the Germans toward the end of the war. Why not five stars?  First, the writing is pedestrian, almost trite at times. Second, the account seems to be based on interviews with Mr. Lella conducted more than 50 years after the events described.  Memory tends to be biased and inaccurate about things that happened last month, let alone 50 years ago.  The author gets around this by calling the book a novel, but the story is often presented as fact.  The book is really a memoir, as-told-to the author.  But, it is a great story, and if only half of the events in the book happened as described, Mr. Lella’s life during that time was remarkable (and lucky).
 Until reading this marvelous story, I'd never really comprehended the intensity and extent of Nazi persecution of Jews in Italy. Sullivan's masterful blending of natural beauty, relentless hope, and brutal reality shows that there are no winners in global war. His portrayal of war provides a unique personal perspective, and the manner in which he discovered the story is as interesting as the details within it. Amazing story-telling!
 I am a huge fan of true stories (truth being stranger and far more interesting than fiction) and a moderate fan of fiction based on true stories. Per the author, this book is in the latter category. I am glad that I now know about this young man's heroism in WWII. At 17-19 years old he successfully faced responsibilities and challenges well beyond his age. Kudos to the author for his persistence in overcoming the reticence of one of the "greatest generation" heroes to make his story known.
 This book goes in many directions, just like the winding slopes of the Alps where many significant moments in it take place. You'll be surprised that any of this could have actually been real, but as far as we know, it is. The prose is extremely readable, the only issue I had was in the description of some of the mountain climbing scenes which were a little difficult to visualize and follow because of obscure terminology, but the rest of the book flies by with a good balance of psychological musings, imagery, and action. By the time you get to the end, it'll feel like a fever-dream. It's hard to believe someone lived through all of what Pino did. It raises a lot of interesting moral questions that will have you searching deep for meaning just like the subject of the story. I really don't have any qualms about giving this 5 stars. You won't regret the read.
 Even though this book was highly rated by other readers, I hesitated to order it because of the descriptions of the story itself; it just didn't sound all that interesting.  I finally took the plunge when I remembered my military son making the remark that there was more that happened in Italy during WWII than people realized.  This story takes place in northern Italy and the author presents a vivid picture of the area during that time.  I feel the 5 stars are well-deserved.
 The story was gripping from start to finish. It is one of those stories which seems so improbable that is is hard to believe it is not a work of fiction but I will trust the author's assertions as to its validity. It is filed with joy, heartbreak, action and, above all, humanity.  All the major characters are well rendered showing both their good and bad and everything in between. It covers a part of WW2 not often discussed and is well worth reading.
 Wonderful story! The setting in the Alps of Italy was fantastic. The characters were well developed and I felt their joy and their pain. Best of all was that it was based on a true story. The horrors of WWII with the humanity of struggling people coupled with the resistance to the enemy gave this story a depth that was touching and impressive. I highly recommend reading it.
 I could not put this book down. I lost some sleep several nights because I stayed up too late reading. What a fascinating life that Pino led!  From the background I've seen, most of the story is true. If so, the truth is far more interesting than fiction. It was with this in mind that I couldn't stop reading. Even though it is a complex story, it is written in a simple and straightforward style. The plot has many twists and is full of surprises, all the way until the end. I also enjoyed learning more about the Italian front during WW II. It is a region that has been largely neglected in novels about the war, even though I didn't feel that this was a novel, in the strictest sense, since it is based on a real person and the life he led during the war.
 A suspenseful series of wartime events overtake the regular people of Milan, Italy in this based-on-true-events thriller. At times harrowing, at times spilling over with human compassion, love, loss, and regret; Mark Sullivan's book about one man's adventures in this lesser known World War II theater delivers from start to finish.  A surprisingly emotional read, be prepared for triumph and failure, tragedy and healing, and vivid exploration of this horrible war's human costs.<br/><br/>Make sure to read the author's notes in the "Aftermath" section which provides brief sketches of primary characters' lives after World War II and highlight the exhaustive research behind this deservedly best selling book.<br/><br/>Highly recommended - the best book I've read in years.
 This story is heart wrenching.  The horrible things these people endured and the lives they were forced to live were unbelievable.  I am so glad someone told Pino Lella’s story...the author’s talent for writing takes you to that place and makes you feel the terror and the pain.  It is amazing that this man and so many others survived that war and have lived without their stories being known.  If you like history, you will enjoy this page turner.  I’m sorry that I’ve finished it.  I want to know more.
 This is am very well written historical novel about a young man from Milan who becomes a hero during the last years of World War II.  He helps spirit Jewish people out of Italy to safety and then serendipity takes over and he becomes a spy for the Italian resistance. He falls deeply in love and is overcome by the cruelty of war and the cruelty he sees in people. An exciting and deeply emotional read, and a very true story about a real live hero.
 If you like true stories about heroes of World War II, you will enjoy this story about an Italian teen who fights to save Jewish Families from the Nazis.  He becomes a spy for the Italian underground and must act as a loyal Nazi follower in order to find out valuable information that the allies can use.  Many within his family view him as a traitor because he cannot tell them the truth. An exciting true story about loyalty, sacrifice, and heroism.  The ending has a twist that the reader may not guess until they read what happens after the Americans enter Italy.
 The story was even better than the writing, but an excellent read on all counts. It is a fine counterpart to Laura Hillenbrand's "Unbroken", about Louis Zamperini during this same timeframe in World War II, but taking place in Italy and neighboring regions. The postscript period, after the 1940s, is even more incredible than the Zamperini saga, and a reminder that the last of that generation's bravest are passing away right now. I recommend it highly!
 In the foreword, the author writes, "My first reaction was that the story of Pino Lella’s life in the last twenty-three months of the war could not possibly be true."<br/>After reading the book, I'd say my reaction is the same. If this were pure fiction, it would be too incredible to be taken seriously. But it's true. The events and people in this book were real, and that makes it all the now compelling.<br/><br/>Now, this is not, strictly, non-fiction. It's based on stories and memories recounted by Pino himself, and on details and records gathered by the author. He admits that some aspects of the story were condensed or edited to make a proper story. But I consider that this is probably the most true account of these events that it is possible to get.
 Highly recommend this book. It's a fairly true story and for me, it is similar to the stories I've heard from my husband about his father who's Italian like Pino and served in WWII. Very touching, sometimes funny, many times sad, and I bought it for all of my sisters-in-law for Christmas. My only complaint is the author is not the best writer. Not bad but not great. Sometimes the stories were told in a clunky style.
 I just loved this book on so many levels. For one, it is an important history lesson on the atrocities that took place in Italy and shed more light on the citizens with so little control over their destiny. Being that it is a true account of one "boy's" crazy 2 years during the end of the war was not only amazing, but sad and inspiring too. Although some historical fiction is not too captivating, this author really laid it out in such a way that it was intriguing to read, and was quite a page turner. I really liked reading the follow up and acknowledgements at the end of the story. A lot of research went in to it. Pino's life is really an amazing tale, yet so deeply sad and troubling that someone has to endure so much, as a boy none the less. But you also feel so fortunate that someone felt the purpose to tell it, you can only have such respect and awe for him. Would highly recommend for anyone. For those that avoid reading detailed accounts of the holocaust, and other atrocities that are usually told, this book does not go into those areas, and describes things in a way that does justice but you can get through.
 Well written book and a welcome change in scenery from French and Dutch locales typically found in WWII books. The perspective of Italians during the time of Mussolini and Hitler made for an interesting read. The protagonists interesting job working for the Germans provided a glimpse into the workings of the Reich not every book offers. This book would easily have garnered a higher rating if I did not follow up the book with some research to learn much of the book was exaggerated and in some cases, the writer had just lied. If we consider it simply a piece of fiction rather than the telling of a WWII survivor's life story, this becomes a 5 star book.
 My praise for this touching and perilous recounting stems from my faith and actual experiences of my own. Life is a great mystery and adventure exposing us to a wide variety of people, places and events that are often unexplainable and perplexing. This account of a young man and his experiences near the end of the war in Europe and northern Italy is both honest and heart wrenching. The details are accurate and precise and valid. A very much recommend read.
 Anyone over 13 yrs old should read the book. It’s time young people learn historical facts and the best way is through a story. Mark Sullivan’s attention to details related to the setting in Italy reveals a lot about the life and the soul of Italians during the War. This story does not hold back on the cruelties of war and again another story like Kristen Hannah’s book, The Nightingale, if not for American forces—the world would be very different.
 I couldn't stop reading right from the first page and wanted to slow it down, so I could read this incredible story longer. I cried so hard, and felt the loss with Pino as if i were there. How terrible War is, how difficult life has been for him. Marc's writing was so good, I lived through this book. Really makes us appreciate every day of our lives. Amazing book, how sad that it's true...
 I picked this for my Kindle First book because I'm a huge fan of historical fiction. I just finished and I know I'll be thinking about this one for a long time. Pino Lella life during just 2 short years was a remarkable one. He is a true hero, and a humble one. I had never known about the Italian side of WWII. It wasn't taught in school, not in the way this book revealed it to me. I grew to know Pino and General Leyers. I felt pain and sadness, its difficult for me to put into words
 Although not a literary achievement in a novel, the story of Pino, a privileged Milanese youth who becomes a Allied spy, will engage the reader. Through the last two years of World War Ii, Pino grows from an indulged youth to a man who faces death many times. He becomes the driver of Nazi General literally decides who lives and dies in Italy. This role allows him to meet Mussolini, work with Cardinal Schuster, and convey secret information to the Allies. Witnessing all he does, he struggles to keep a sense of faith and abiding love. Few of us could face such challenges and meet them with the same level of success.
 This novel brings World War II in Italy to life through believable, well-developed characters and descriptions of how the war affected the Italian people.  The reader comes to understand the way that citizens are swept into the resistance movement and the courage needed to stand for one's own beliefs.  Mark Sullivan transports the reader through mountainous terrain, through narrow streets in Milan, to various German headquarters in Italy to prisons where atrocities are committed.  The reader is kept in suspense wondering how it will all end.  I would definitely recommend this book!
 Pino, a remarkable young man performed incredible heroic feats in the time of Nazi occupied Milan. I was captivated almost at once by Pino's character. Having read many a historical fiction of this time period, I was ready to cease reading if this became the same old story.  Mr. Sullivan's scene setting , in depth character descriptions and the detailed accounting of events. Kept me reading to the end. To imagine the reality of events seems surreal! I was particularly taken to read the addendum in which Mr. Sullivan recounted the lives of the major characters after WWII ended. Certainly I was left in contemplative thought.
 If you are at all interested in the history of WWII, you must read this book!  I never realized it before, but of everything I have read about WWII, it's victims and it's heroes, there is not much written about the war and it's effects in Italy, the land and it's people.  This is an extraordinary true story of a young 17 year-old hero in war-torn Italy during WWII that is not well known it seems, but the author brings it to light in this book and tells it in such a way that you feel the fear, the pain, anguish and uncertainty that this man felt, along with his 15 year-old heroic brother, decades ago during their brave and life saving actions.  The courage they showed and the love for their country and it's people will stay with you long after you've finished the book.  A must -read!!
 I didn't think I would be interested in another WWII story, I've read so many over the years. However this was free on Amazon Prime so I gave it a try. I am so glad that I did. This one man, a quiet hero in so many ways, whose story had not been shared until now. Pino is young, and with a life disrupted by war is just trying to do what he or often his parents believe are right. His struggles, his courage, and how he deals with so many horrors are truly inspiring. That may sound cliche, but it is not. After a little Internet research I was delighted to learn that he is still alive, and am so glad that he lived to receive a little recognition for his contributions. The book is well written, the story compelling, you won't want to put it down.
 I read this book with honor and wows! Pina Lella took American pilots and Jewish referees he met at Casa Alpina with Father Re through the Alps to Switzerland. The Nazis invaded Italy. Pina’s Father encouraged Pina to join the Ot organization. He went through training and was put on a railroad bridge to monitor it. This bridge was blown up and Pino was then made a driver for General Leyer &amp; Pina then became a Spy for the Resistance &amp; Americans. He met the love of his life, Anna at Dolly’s house. General Leyers used Dolly as his Mistress. Anna was a maid to Dolly...............I recommend this true story to read!
 A historical novel based on real events. It walks the line between biography and novel.<br/>It is a slow starter but you slowly get pulled into the troubling tale of resistance against the Nazi occupation of Italy. Daring trips to take Jews to safety in Switzerland, spying on the Nazis to help the Allies and amidst all that, falling in love.<br/>The story is compelling. The writing at times falls short of the story but never falls so short as to harm this story of one young frivolous boy becoming a real hero.<br/>Heartbreaking at times because it is a honest story of real people not only rising to be better people but also the story of how frighteningly horrible people can be in the worst times.
 Pino Lella was thrust into WWII and was a hero. Mark Sullivan brought us a great read. There are lots of very detailed reviews available, so I won't go down that road. I loved the entire book during the war years. I didn't always agree with Pino Lella's decisions...but I wasn't in his shoes. I guess I'm no hero. To my great disappointment, after doing amazingly brave work throughout the war, the author tells of Pino's post-war years. Where did his brave giving heart go???  I won't be a spoiler but, the brave man felt like a big loser all of a sudden to me! The book is still very much a great read! Enjoy!
 I really liked this book. It was entertaining, and I really became connected with Pino as a protagonist. I loved the complexity of his situation during the war, and I felt apart of the highs and lows he experienced throughout his life. I wasn't expecting the events to transpire the way they did at the end of the book, but I still enjoyed it nonetheless.<br/><br/>Excellent retelling of the story, and I felt I learned a lot about "the forgotten front."
 This story is skillfully told and filled with suspense! It’s a story about an Italian teenage boy and how he helps fight the Nazis and rescue Jews. The setting is often in the Italian Alps and beautifully described! What makes this story so poignant and heartbreaking, is that it took 60 years before it was told! You will learn so much about life and happiness and what really matters, after reading this story.
 It’s a very good book however I’m finding myself looking to see how far have i have until the end. It is well written, characters are interesting but it seems very repetitive and hard to believe this young character can do what he does to save people during WW2.<br/>I know you may have to suspend your beliefs at times, the character of a story is, at times, larger than life as our lead character is. But it must be reasonable instances for me to suspend my belief.<br/>Do I say don’t read it? No, I recommend it, it’s a great story but just “too much”
 I like historical fiction and thought this was an interesting, revealing look into the life and times of a young Italian man whose family is trying desperately to spare him from the war, and inadvertently puts him into spectacular danger. God was surely watching over him as he traversed the Italian Alps guiding Jews safely away from certain death.  Kismet, luck, coincidence, call it what you may, the circumstances and skills that came together just when they were needed are a hallmark of Pino Lella's life and make for an interesting read. I recommend it.
 As the grandson of Italian immigrants, I always found it odd that I knew so little of Italy's World War II history, aside from the obvious stuff regarding Mussolini and being part of the Axis Powers.  My grandparents were long American citizens by then.  Their ties were with the Allies.  As I learned in Mark Sullivan's forward, most people don't know about the Italian experience because: 1) Italians didn't talk about it much; and 2) The Nazi's excelled at destroying documents.<br/><br/>This is a first rate story of how a normal 17 year old boy finds himself in roles he never expected.  His choices, struggles, confusion and guilt from making impossible choices are all entirely relatable.  His is a story that needs to be told.<br/><br/>This book also gives tremendous insight into confusing, violent, and devastating times for the Italian people.  Life under an essentially castrated dictator, with resistance partisans, government troops and Nazis all fighting for power as the Allied Forces approach.  Who's right, who's wrong, who can be trusted -- none of these were clear.  Pino Lella was caught up in it all, and achieved what seems impossible.  This is worth the read.
 This is one of those rare books you will think of and remember, immediately after you have read it, and for a long time after. You will read this book over and over. The characters, the settings, the dialogue are so well described and defined you will picture the story in your mind as you read. I found myself caring about the main characters because I felt that close to them. Reading about the courage of others in life or death situations will force you to examine your own makeup and ability to make decisions that could either change your life or end it. You will remember Pino Lella...you will remember this book.
 Sullivan's capture of emotions from the laughable moments to the horrific horrors that occurred in this time is nothing short of remarkable. Read the entire way through and you, too, will feel like you are a friend of Pino Lella's. Exceptional transferring of experiences, we learn about yet another hero whose story is hardly known but who offered his life to fight the evil during WWII.
 This is a beautifully written book about a very ugly time in history.  The Nazi occupation of Italy and the oppression of the Italians has never been adequately covered in historical accounts of WWII, mainly due to Mussolini's complicity with the Nazi's and the involvement of his troops. To see this aspect of the war through the eyes of a young, anti-Nazi Italian placed in an unfathomable situation is stunning. Mark Sullivan appears to have done a remarkable job of research. Consequently, his book is both interesting and informative. I will forever admire, and be in awe of, Pino Lella and his remarkable efforts to save the oppressed .
 "We never know what will happen next, what we will see, and what important person will come into our life, or what important person we will lose. Life is change, constant change, and unless we are lucky enough to find comedy in it, change is nearly always a drama, if not a tragedy. But after everything, and even when the skies turn scarlet and threatening, I still believe that if we are lucky enough to be alive, we must give thanks for the miracle of every moment of every day, no matter how flawed. And we must have faith in God, and in the Universe, and in a better tomorrow, even if that faith is not always deserved.”<br/><br/>This was a heart wrenching story, beautifully told, concerning the tragedy of war. But it's also about the highs and lows that life offers.
 This book was chosen by my bookclub.  I didn’t hold out much hope for it but began it out of obligation.  I am interested in people more than historical events but it is people / characters that make the history relatable.<br/><br/>I think the author did a great job of telling the story of Giuseppe “Pino” Lella. It turned out to be quite the page turner and the fact that it was a true story made it even more amazing.  He made the situation come alive. The Afterword was as interesting as the rest of the book.  Definitely worth reading.<br/><br/>In these troubling times, the fact that people like Mr. Lella exist and existed in such horrible times, gives hope that we are not completely worthless as a species.  Anna’s and Pino’s philosophy of how to survive in difficult times remains the best advice.
 I enjoyed reading the historical details in this book. I had not known the history of Italy, especially Milan, during WWII. I found it fascinating and inspiring. I was really sad about the end of Pino's relationship with Anna (I won't give away why the relationship ended). The only thing that I felt seemed unnecessary or out of place was the descriptions of sexual encounters which were definitely brief, but I still felt took away from the story. Maybe those encounters could have been described a bit more subtly.
 This is a great book telling a true story of what happened in Italy during the last two years of WWII. Spies, lovers, soldiers and resistance fighters then the worst type of people, angry mobs and rogue thieves. It shows how many people in Milan and Northern Italy helped Jews survive by getting them to Switzerland or hidden in homes and churches. The bad guys were bad, very bad the good guys were good but sometimes hard to see right in front of you. Even Pino's family had a hard time with Pino's job a driver for a top German General.
 This book was an awesome read from start to finish! I am not a history buff in any sense of the word, but have been intrigued by the Holocaust since I was in high school. I have visited the Holocaust museum in Washington DC and spent 4 hours in the museum and was left haunted by the pictures and smell of shoes from the Jews that died in the concentration camps. I would love to get my hands on the next piece of historical fiction or non fiction from that time period; this was a first historical book I have read other than Anne Frank or an article or textbook. Because of the violence and vivid description of death, I wouldn’t recommend this book to much younger than high school.
 Awesome story of a real person but written as an adventure.  This book concentrates on WWII through the eyes of a young Italian man.  In all the years I went to history class, no one ever focused on the effect the war had on Italy.  This book does. I am amazed by the incredible life of Pino.  I hope more people read his story.  He is a true hero.  I told my teen daughter she had to read it.  She picked it up and hasn't put it down yet.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this novel!  The research that went into the making of this book was quite evident in the authenticity of the story. I learned much that I didn’t know about the state of affairs in Italy during WWII.  Pino was an amazing young man with so many talents. It was heartwarming to learn his story and that of his family and friends. Can not imagine anyone not enjoying his story. Book was well written and flowed well...I couldn’t put it down! Give it a try!
 Judging a book by its TITLE, led me to experience this incredulous novel of truth and historical  reality. Wow,,, what a book!! The story of young Pino Lelia’s  all accountable 2 year war encounter has enriched my life. LOVE never forgets  plus lest we remember —   war crimes  are whitewashed/ Nazi fascist is a disgusting disgrace to humanity/ general Leyers is an abolitionist devil as was the war.<br/>Listening to the Audio Recording, the perfect voice of an angel  rang out making this a top of the list unputdownable find.
 After having read literally thousands of novels and other books, I can only say that this is simply one of the best books I've ever read. Mr. Sullivan, you have written an amazing book about a topic which has been so heavily published, I didn't think anyone could create something fresh; something new; something that would touch my heart and make the story come alive all from a unique perspective. You have done that! Sir, if I wore hats, mine would be taken off for you and I would salute you. This is an incredible, inspiring book!
 Many books I read don't stick in my mind past the next one, but this book is so well written and captures the subject so well, I won't forget it. I found the characters very realistically portrayed, and the personal risks and tragedy of war presented with clarity. This is a very personal story, of a boy who had to become a man, and the dangerous secret life he led to oppose the Nazis in Italy. Knowing that this boy really existed only makes the story more unforgettable.The reader can feel this young man's emotions come right off the page. I have already recommended this book to several other readers.
 A very skillfully written love and life story. Not sure why I found myself reading this book, but I am positive it is Mr. Sullivan's fault. Several times I reviewed what I had just read, comparing to my normal fast paced shallow, but entertaining novels, wondering 'why are you still reading?.<br/>Obviously, well written, and told an incredible story. I plan to pass this along to several of my friends and I know they will enjoy as I have.
 Not a lot of novels written about Italy during WWII.  This is a fiction book but based on true events as told to the author.  I learned quite a few things about life in Northern Italy under Nazi occupation towards the end of WWII.  One of my favorite books of the year along with "Citizens of London" and "Last Hope Istand" both non-fiction by Lynne Olson.
 Mark Sullivan's Beneath a Scarlet Sky is more accurately labeled historical fiction.  Based upon a real Italian partisan during WWII, the author will not swear that all the elements of the story are true and not embellished.  However, knowing that the basis for the story is firm makes for a fascinating tale.<br/>The characters and scenes developed by Mr. Sullivan came off the pages vividly in my imagination.  His style of writing seems to fit this niche nicely.<br/>I thoroughly enjoyed this book and recommend it to anyone who is interested in WWII from a non military point of view.
 I rarely give five stars in a book rating. This one deserves every one of them. The bonus to reading this is that it's not just fiction. It is historically accurate and based on true accounts. It's an aspect of history that everyone should know of and experience through this compelling work. I am really glad this story was written- especially after so many years and yet while Pino could provide so many details that Mark brought to life so eloquently.<br/><br/>I constantly found myself marveling at the sheer talent of the author in describing feelings - both physical and emotional - so vividly. He is an epic writer. I had never heard of him and now I have to find more of his work - I hope his others also have as compelling a story!
 The story is exciting, inspirational and keeps you captive until the end. Based on actual events during World War 2 the author puts you along side Pino as he leads refugees through the treacherous mountain pass. The mountains scenes where vividly descriptive and beautiful.  Then follows Pino's adventures as a soldier turned spy for the Italian resistance. It kept me captivated, engaged and moves along quickly. I specifically appreciated the authors recap of all the characters at the end of the book.  He provided updates of all the major characters after the war and explained what happened to each of them after the war.
 An heroic story marred by melodrama and sophomoric writing at times. It would have benefited from some disciplined editing. Gave me a good look at the nazis occupying Milan and parts of northern Italy. Pretty good feature film material.
 It sounds like a crass thing to say, but wars do bring out some great stories. There’s something about a combination of tragedy, espionage, romance, late-night bombing raids, and the overwhelming fear of death that has given many a writer great ideas for tales. This book is actually based on a true story. What makes it somewhat more appealing is that the story takes place in Italy. What other World War II  stories do you know that have taken place in Italy?  Not many. What exactly was Italy’s role in World War II anyway?  Weren’t they one of the three ‘bad guys’ headed by the unstable fascist Il Duce (Benito Mussolini)?<br/><br/>True, but by 1942, Italy was already ‘conquered’ and the majority fled their lukewarm allegiance towards Hitler and the axis and then turned towards the allies.  By 1944, when this story starts, the country, however, was filled with black-shirt fascists who never turned, as well as German Gestapo agents everywhere.  It’s in this environment that we meet our protagonist, 17-year-old Pino Lela. Like most boys 17 thrown in a middle of war, he’s obviously having to grow up quite fast. All he wants to really do is find a girl and fall in love. He makes an attempt to woo a stranger on a street – beautiful 23-year-old Anna – who halfheartedly agrees to meet him at the cinema later in the evening. It’s quite obvious she’s just trying to get rid of this testosterone filled adolescent and move on with whatever she’s doing.<br/><br/>It’s a good thing she stands him up, as the theater is bombed during a night raid. Pino finds himself thrust into the war at this point. It’s high time for him to do something to help the cause. We then see Pino recruited for a couple of dangerous missions that basically take up the bulk of the book. His adventures aren’t really connected, but it’s still quite the adventure.  Of course, every few pages, we read about his fascination with Anna – the girl he met for a total of about two minutes. He can’t stop thinking about her. Well, this IS a somewhat true story, but when we read about Anna so often, it’s obvious that she’s bound to show up again in our story.<br/><br/>So, yes, our war tale contains a fair bit of romance along with tragedy. To be frank, the tragedy and travails of a world war seem a bit toned down in this book. My guess is the author didn’t want to gross out any of his readers. So even though we read about citizens being murdered by firing squads, forced slavery, and trains filled with Jews heading to Auschwitz, I never really felt the pain and remorse that I think I should have felt. Pino seemed a tad too lovestruck throughout the pages for his surroundings to ever appear too grim.  The book seemed ‘PG’ rated when I felt it should have been a hard ‘R’ for the emotions to really sink in as they should.<br/><br/>I also felt that had this NOT been a true story, I would have enjoyed the last quarter of the book better. We must remember that real life doesn’t always give us stories the way we wish they would be told, so I need to give the author a ‘pass’ when certain events didn’t happen the way that I was hoping they would.<br/><br/>Truth be told, the story is told very well, so one can easily forget that we’re reading about a true account. The very end of the book does a good job summing up the ‘Where are they now?” portion of the main figures that survived the tragedy.  Again – some unanswered questions and some events unfolding a bit differently than one would want. As I write this review, the book is supposedly being made into a mini-series.  I’m thinking it will be a good one. It’s definitely a bit too varied to be summed up into one nice, neat movie.  Somehow, I’m guessing the nastier elements of the war will be toned down as well. I guess that’s probably a good thing – if that’s what most people want.
 I have read many stories about The Great War. Always from the English, German, Polish, and American perspectives. This book gave me yet one more viewpoint. It was very personal since my Dad was Polish, but was drafted into Hitler's army and sent to the Russian front. My in-laws were Dutch and in placed into German forced labor camps. This book captures the human story of the war.
 Action-packed throughout, sometimes bordering on unbelievable.<br/><br/> It is a thrill a minute.<br/><br/> It was not until the end, or after the end where everything fit together. I am skeptical of books or movies that are, based on a true story.  I am never sure where the liberties are taken or the license is given. And I was skeptical at times during the reading of the book.<br/><br/>But the epilogue, if nothing else gives credibility to the rest of the story.<br/><br/>A wonderful book.
 This is a tremendous story based on events that really happened.  It occurred in WWII Italy.  It features Pino an Italian loyalist who works hard to save the Jews and others and later becomes something of an insurgent in the Nazi.  This book points to the horrors of war and the efforts of some decent people to fight back.  This is a tremendous read and what helps even more is that it is a true story.  I would give it six stars if that were possible.
 I normally don't read these types of books, but I kept coming back to this book. Finally I decided to purchase and read it. I'm really glad I did. It is a remarkable story of a young man's life during the Nazi invasion in Italy. I could not put the book down. It is a wonderful story about how brave this man was. The emotions he went through during this time in his young life. The love he had, anger he had, questions he had, doubts he had, but above all what he did for his country. I would recommend this book to anyone. It is a book about this young man life and one i will not forget. A must read.
 Although I have read many books about the second World War, I have never read one about or set in Italy. As we follow Pink as he survives the war, we learn about the Nazi occupation of Italy. What a very interesting way to learn about history...through the eyes of someone who lived it. Thank you, Mark Sullivan, for telling us this story.
 Intrigued by historical fiction, this book captured my attention. It was described as a historically accurate story of one man's life with some details filled in by the author.  I wasn't prepared to get so caught up in the story but the suspense, romance, and interesting people captured my attention. Many times I had to remind myself this wasn't fiction... The main character will survive or the story wouldn't have been written!<br/>I typically rate 4 stars for a good book but this one would get 6 if I could because I appreciate how the author made history interesting, captivating, and very personally relevant.
 I can’t add much regarding Pino Lella’s incredible, courageous war efforts that other reviewers haven’t already covered, so I will just say that this was a great read for me.  It was informative and very well written. The author painted a truly vivid picture of what life was like for the Milanese during WWII about which I knew virtually nothing previously.  Books describing France during the war seem plentiful for some reason, but not so for Italy, in my opinion, so I really enjoyed that aspect of the book.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is about a 17 yo. young Italian man during WW2 in occupied Milan, Italy and surrounds. He and his families exploits, methods of coping to survive and attempts to save Italy - either overtly with the Partisans, through aiding the Catholic church in escapes and Sanctuary of Jews and American soldiers in harm. The complicated and confusing role of the church at the end of the war when sanctuary was given also to German officials. It is a pretty amazing story and worth the read (or audio book version that I listened to on Audible - perfect voice adaptation and tone). The writing was decent in the beginning, representing a 17 year old's perspective and due to the story line, the writing got better and became a must read book! Describing this book as  a roller coaster ride in a Maserati would be apt!
 The author's voice is simple and easy to follow. The narrative is laid out cleanly. The story... the story affected me. From the get go, I felt I knew these characters and was able to live inside Pino's heart. When his broke, mine broke. Tragically, I fell into the "oh I'll just read one more chapter before bed" trap and wound up within the last hundred pages and unable to put it down, which resulted in me curled up on top of my bed at 3 o'clock in the morning exhausted and blubbering like a professional mourner. The next day, I moved from task to task in the kind of fog that follows an unexplainable loss. It's been months and I still can't quite talk about some of the events without choking up.<br/><br/>I can't wait for the movie. I don't know how they're going to do it. But... man, I can't wait to see them try.
 As much for what the experience of learning Pino's story meant for the author, this gripping story was unforgettable.  The period, the places, the horror of occupation, the horror of  liberation through allied bombing, and the injustices of post-defeat justice...each was a compelling thread in the books fabric.  Having spent time in Milan while not properly understanding the magnitude of wartime suffering there leaves a sad taste, but the story here needs be read.
 After reading this historic telling of the heroics of a young man (boy really) in Italy during WWII, I needed a light, humorous book next to read.  I am afraid of heights; ergo the heart-pounding descriptions of the heroics in the earlier part of the book in the mountains were particularly harrowing.  The descriptions of the horrors of war and the affected families were well researched through interviews with the young man in his later years.  I've not read such graphic detail of what humans are capable of since reading a book on the Inquisition.  Good history lesson.
 Historical novel very well written from what I gatherd 90% is true and 10% added to make it bearable, Italy's world war II horrific history with Hitler's nazis and Mousolini's facists is really sad and inimaginable what humans (souless "humans") can do to other humans (children, Women, Men old and young).<br/>This is the true story of a true hero teen boy named Pino. Worth reading.
 Not because I’m Italian but one of the best books I’ve ever read. I travel a lot to DC from NYC and the 17 hours of audio book was one that I never wanted to end. I gave it to my Grandson who is 17 and a history buff who related to Pino; the main character. He was on his First trip to France and it filled the long flights. It was a great way for him to see first hand how terrible the NAZI culture was. It mad him love our country more than he already did<br/>Old or young a must read and can’t wait for the movie
 I'm blown away!  This amazing book was my pick for Kindle Unlimited this month....and I wasn't even much interested in reading it. Wow, was I wrong! This is a coming-of-age story of an exceptional, young Italian teen during WWII in Milan. Pino is your average 17-year-old looking for girls, fun and running around with his friends. His life changed unalteringly over the next couple of years as the war becomes "real" in his life, affecting his home, family and all he knows up until then.<br/>I've never been a fan of WWII era books, but this is the most eye-opening reading experience I've had in a long time. I want each of my children and grandchildren to read it and realize how very blessed their lives are. I literally blubbered like a baby late last night while not being able to stop reading it.  It touched me to my soul!<br/>The visual descriptions of the inhumanity of war is vividly told from the viewpoint of this extraordinary youth who recalls himself as a coward. It's real, raw, numbing. This author spent years investigating and researching the story after actually meeting Pino Lella, the youth written about here, many decades later. It is a compelling argument against war!<br/>I cannot say enough about this awesome story or the author's writing and highly recommend it to all readers. And I thank Mark Sullivan for the history lessons.
 Since my father was in WWII, I wanted to read this book and its based on a true story and true characters.  Also, having it take place in Italy made it even more interested.  The main character shows such bravery, courage, athletic ability with a heart for the well being of others.  This is a well written book that made me joyful and sad.  Loved it.
 I couldn't put this book down. I'm having a difficult time finding words to describe how much I loved this book. Getting to know Pino, the young Italian man who lived through the horrific experiences in Italy during WWII, in such a heroic way, is a story I will never forget.<br/>Very well researched and beautifully written, it was one of the best books I have ever read.
 Wonderful!  May be one of the best, if not the best book I have experienced.  Technically I listened to the Audible version on a trip across country, but I found myself totally engrossed the story.  As I listened I thought what a terrific potential for a movie.  I understand one is in in the works, and I only hope that enough effort goes into the production that it will do the book justice.  Mark Sullivan has an interesting story of his own, and has written several books in the past.  I will be reading most of them in the near future.  The story, although certainly a bit different, reminded me of Dr. Zivago in the scope of the story and interaction of the characters.  Mr. Sullivan has certainly done a masterful job with character development and his writing puts the reader right in the middle of the action.  A truly amazing effort by Mr. Sullivan.  Thank you so much Mr. Sullivan and thank you to a real hero, Pino Lella!
 I  have been reading a lot of WW2 accounts , both fiction and nonfiction, and I am always amazed by the resilience of so many to survive in such horrific circumstances.  This is another story of a young man, who is thrown into a situation,  where he has to make life and death decisions on a regular basis and still be true to himself.  Even after suffering such devastating losses, he somehow manages to find a joy for life.  This period of time in history is unbelievable yet so compelling,  and, more so, when reading personal accounts of so many brave and courageous souls.
 This book is not only well-written and researched, it is an amazing story about a true hero.  I started with the prologue and couldn't put the book down from there.  This is a fairly easy read, and the life of this man is so unbelievable you can't wait to find out what happens next.  I highly recommend this read for ages late teen to adult.  There is swearing and a few softly written love scenes.
 I absolutely loved this book and could not put it down.I wasn't sure I wanted to get involved in a WWII novel, but once I started it I was definitely hooked. Mark Sullivan did an excellent job of putting you right there in Italy with Pino and General Leyers, and all the other characters involved. I couldn't wait to finish this book but was so disappointed when I did because I wanted it to go on. I wasn't ready to say goodbye to Pino yet. What an amazing young man he was, wise and brave beyond his years. I don't want to give anything away in this review because I want you, the reader, to see and feel each and every page in your own minds eye as I did. You won't be sorry..It is the type of book that once you finish it you don't just walk away from it. Once you have met Pine Lella you won't soon forget him. It's the type of book you need a friend to read as well so that you have someone to talk to about it when you're finished reading it because you can't get it out of your mind. I want to thank Mark Sullivan for bring this story to my attention and doing it in such a riveting way.<br/>Lynn
 Set during the second world war in Milan, Italy. The main character, Pino is caught between his life of late adolescence and a call to duty. First helping Jew escape to neutral Switzerland through the Catholic underground railroad high in the Alps to being forced to voluntarily enlist in the nazi army at the behest of his parents in order to get placed off the front lines. The book follows Pino as he becomes the driver for a top ranking german general. The story is one of suspense, wit, and tragic loss as Pino navigates the end of WWII. Wonderfully written and elegantly crafted, the book will leave you angry, confused, tearful and happy all in one chapter. Highly recommend.
 The style of writing began slowly; almost too slowly. I kept going because of the remarkable biographical material I was promised. How desperate is our history that heroes emerge from unbearable human encounters! I was grateful for the last chapter, "Aftermath", that wove the loose ends of the war story into the fabric of decades later. I came to appreciate the author's occasional literary asides that at first seem inappropriate, but served rather to remind me that this is not a Gary Cooper film but a life and time as real and ordinary as it is appallingly intriguing. I am grateful that this complicated Web of evil and love that we carry forward was so simply described.
 I’m usually a fan of light hearted fiction, but I gave this book a chance and loved it. Pino’s story is amazing, scary, thrilling and heartbreaking. The vantage point he had of the Nazi invasion was a perspective I never considered. His bravery was tested at every turn and what he witnessed is something very few could imagine or bare. It’s not light hearted but it leaves you with an important lesson from Pino: live life con smania.
 My knowledge of the Italian resistance during the war is minimal, so the story  was informative.<br/>The earlier memories of Lilo read like a memoir.  Later, his memories got more colorful and made me wonder about their veracity. The image  of the pregnant woman escaping at night on Lilo's back as he skied down the mountain and she screamed Wheeee! is too colorful to be believed.<br/>It's true that truth is stranger than fiction, but the blurred lines between the two in this story  make me skeptical.<br/>Even so, I enjoyed the tale.
 I love stories about WWll. I'm not sure why because they contain so much heartache and tribulation. This story is no exception. Pino lived to tell about so much destruction and loss of life, and he witnessed all of that before he was even 20 years old. They say history repeats itself. I'm so hoping I don't have to ever see such awful events in my lifetime. But anyone who is informed should be able to see that those monsters from WWll still live on today in the form of one G.S......BHO....and others. Scary world we live in!
 Without a doubt the best book I have read this year. Moving, taut and suspenseful, characters we come to care about, historic relevance, love and death and hate and faith all featured prominently - there is very little that ISN'T in this book.<br/><br/>Kudos to this author for persevering these ten years to research and write this tale. This is an area of WWII history I have not previously encountered - and I spent my teens and 20s reading WWII fiction and non-fiction.<br/><br/>Set aside some time to read this. This is one of those books that is whispering to you even as you are doing other things.
 One of the most compelling stories I've ever read.  A total page turner.<br/><br/>After reading a number of excellent WWII historical-fiction novels (e.g., "All the Light We Cannot See", "The Nightingale", etc.), I just want to say this one affected me the most.  I wish this were a must-read book for high school students.  This (mostly non-fictional) novel tells a story of a 17 year old boy who intuitively understands the difference between right and wrong, and selflessly risks his life for people he doesn't even know without regard for his safety.  Only years later does he reveal his amazing tale.
 Maybe the problem stems from the blurring of fiction and nonfiction; it is hard to know which is which, casting all but the well-known facts into doubt.  It is certainly an intriguing story featuring a young protagonist whose experience of the waning war in northern Italy is remarkable, to say the least.  But the love interest often came across as artificially passionate and seemed to intrude in the war story, rather than be a part of it.  (I pretty much grasped the idea that Pino was infatuated without having to be told about it repeatedly.)  Still, the horrific aspects of the Nazi occupation and the plight of those whose lives were destroyed by it are worthy subjects and treated as such by the author.
 What a spell-binding book! I can't recommend this highly enough! I've read accounts of WWII from many points of view, but never from an Italian citizen and this was just incredible. I fell in love with this young man and wanted to keep reading at the end. This story shows how everyday people became victims and heros through just surviving what was thrust upon them, how they loved and sacrificed, adjusted and survived the most terrible evils. Read it, please!
 The boy, Pino, had to grow up quickly because WWII had come to Italy. Death of friends, relatives, and family members came quickly, too quickly in the war. The boy became a very brave man through his efforts to save Jews and others from Hitler's grip. The story reminded me of the tales my parents told me of their life during the war. This is a very good read. I highly recommend reading it. It was very difficult for me to put the book down.
 This story was very emotional to me. I read many books about WW2, usually from the Jewish perspective. This was very unusual in that it was told from the perspective of an Italian young boy when it started and ended when he was 90. It was so interesting and walked away from this story with a different viewpoint. I highly recommend this book  It seems more like a historical nonfiction with some fiction added to make it more of a story.
 My father served in WWll, although he was in the Pacific not European theater.  Growing up he shared some of his stories with me.  Maybe that is why I find this account of the war heart wrenching yet so very compelling.  It was a terrible ordeal for those who lived during the war.  It was a time that inflicted wounds on the soul which ran devastatingly deep, often lasting a lifetime.  I believe it is the our obligation, the generations that followed, to never forget their suffering and sacrifice so we could be free.
 It is written as a novel, but you know that it is true.  For those of us who were still little children just hearing bits and pieces from our families, this book helps to fill in the huge gaps of the heroes, the villains, the brave unknowns who also fought this terrible war.  I believe that no one wins in a war, and I pray that despicable leaders who are convinced they must have the ultimate power to control will somehow find God and peace as the ultimate goal.
 Pino, the hero of the story, was an enchanting, engaging, resourceful, and substantive character.<br/>His thoughts, emotions, and actions kept me glued to the story.<br/>The too-long descriptions of the scenery and some battles, I found repetitive and boring.  However, I would recommend this book because the characters, the love story, and the, previously unknown to me, Italian war story make for an absolute recommendation.
 This is a very interesting story and especially since it's based on historical and true facts.  Otherwise it could be considered just another wartime tale.  Very interesting characters and environments which gave an image of the long years of suffering and how some went above and beyond even their capabilities.<br/><br/>Therese Short
 After a slow start to this story I found I did not want to put it down. Interesting behind the scenes look at Italy's involvement in this war. Pino is a true hero, and so was Anna. The story teaches some good life lessons, and lessons in history. I wish I had read it before visiting Italy, as I could have related to places better with the knowledge from this story.<br/>This book was excellent and well written.
 This is easily the best book I've read in some time.  It has suspense, love, compassion and so many other feelings (good and bad) that I had a hard time putting it down.  I didn't think to check if it was fiction or not, so while reading it, I had a hard time deciding if it could even be made up.  The afterward told the story of the amount of research that went into the book which answered that question.  Well done!
 From start to finish, I was intrigued by the story of Pino Lella and his struggle to survive the Nazi party's domination of his city and his country.  So little has been written about Italy's part in the Great War, and this book provides a fascinating, detailed look at one part of history. I found it hard to put down.
 Though the beginning was a bit slow, I became totally engulfed in this true story of the War in Italy.  Pino, the main character is a 17 year old young man growing up in  Milan,Italy who is sucked into the war. When the bombing becomes too intense, his father sends Pino to a school high in the mountains for safety, but dangerous adventure awaits him. Through out the next years, Pono gets a birds eye view of the Nazi command.  Fascinating read. Be prepared to shed a few tears
 I'm SO THRILLED with this Amazon Book of the Month pick. I'm going to pick up more of Mark Sullivan's books. The story was masterfully written. I loved every minute. Read other reviews for the story line.... I couldn't wait to get back on the train after work so I could have a solid hour to read! I felt the characters and couldn't believe all that happened to them. Makes me appreciate my freedom even more. Loved this book, one of the best I've read in a long time.
 Danger, courage and intrigue in Italy during WWII was a part of history I never knew.  I'm glad author Mark Sullivan was determined to hear, assess and write the real account Pino Lella's important role for Italy's freedom.  As a youth in Northern Italy during the Second World War, Pino risked  relationships, saw unspeakable horror, and had even an unexpected meeting with Fascist Mussolini.  Initially, Pino became an expert mountaineer leading Jews to the safety of Switzerland.  Later,  Pino joined the Nazi party, became a driver for a high ranking Nazi, General Leyers, while remaining committed to stealing secrets from the Nazis for the Italian resistance.  The  impressive historical account describes one person's commitment ensuring Italy's freedom from Nazi control.  I commend Mark Sullivan for his perseverance and determination to coax private and terrifying experiences from Pino.  Beneath a Scarlett Sky is a fine tribute to Pino Lella's bravery and courage.
 This story was told is such a way that it sucked me right in, which was a nice change of pace for me. I have lost interest in many books I've started recently, but this noe not only kept my interest, but had me thinking about the characters and events as I was going about my daily endeavors. This is quite remarkable as I am not a fan of history, but when told in the manner that this story is told, I become quite engaged. This might even be worth 5 stars, but it will depend on how this story sticks with me.
 This is a novel based on the historical account of how a young boy grows up through the nearly unbelievable actions he takes as he lives in and around Milan, Italy during the final years of WW2. The author reports that he spendt many weeks researching and interviewing primary and secondary sources for information for this indepth look at the war from the Italian perspective. Main character Pino Lella lives a lifetime of love, adventure, heroics and the atrocities you would expect from a WW2 novel in just a few short years. This book is filled w living book details of geography, history, culture and music. It also has details of first love and graphic violence which render the book inappropriate for young readers but still of value for mature high schoolers due to the rest of the great content. Recommend for history buffs, high school homeschoolers and above and those interested in learning more about little known heroes of the Italian front.
 Very interesting, very sad since it is a true story.  As I grow older I do not understand the hatred some people have for others and how war and killing will seem to solve the problems of mankind.  Perhaps it is because I am a woman.  No one seems to learn from killing and it goes on and on.  Depressing!  Yet there are the outstanding people who will risk their lives to save others in times of war as well as other times.<br/><br/>A very well written book and captivating list of characters!
 I gave this four stars because the writing was just a little undeveloped, but the story was very interesting, a different view from most WW2 tales. This was fact based, and I enjoyed reading about the different Italian areas, and what was happening during the Occupation.<br/>A good pace and likeable characters, definitely a good read!
 What a wonderful book.  I enjoyed "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" as much as I enjoyed "Unbroken."  Both stories were about strong men put in very difficult situations during a time when the world was upside down, and right seemed wrong.  Yet, they did not lose themselves and they made life more bearable for those surviving around them.  By the end of the story I admired Pino greatly, and was said that his story had ended, at least on these pages.  Wonderfully written.
 I don't know where to begin this review, other than to say that you must read Pino's story! It is the most touching true tale of bravery and humanity that I have read in many years. It also covers a part of WW II's history that is rarely discussed. Bravo Mr. Sullivan for taking on this book. Your adept skill in bringing Pino's story to life with compassion and care has left me with a story and lessons that I will treasure forever.
 I lived through the war, but this book was my best look inside it. I would recommend it to anyone who should understand the war better. The writing is clear and expressive and the material thoroughly researched, the characters portrayed with distinct personalities including heroism and flaws. I hated that so much was done in drunkenness, but I have heard that excess drinking is common among people at war.
 I read the entire novel before I realized it was a "true" story, as much as the author could glean from the hero who was in his late 80s when the book was penned.  It really is a compelling read about WWII in Italy and how the Italians had to deal with the Nazi as well as the Fascists.  It had some light scenes and some very tragic scenes but the description of Milan and its glorious cathedral was very good.  I took a long time to read it because I was also into Woodard's Fear at the same time.  But the novel brought the horror of war to the forefront and how much the populations suffer because of what leaders mandate.  All in all, a very good book.  The writing is a bit simplistic at times and the dialogue not always believable.  But these are minor issues.  The entire sweep of the narrative is very good.
 This story of a charismatic young Italian man whose bravery and chutzpah helped many people during World War 'll.  His exciting life was fabulously recounted in this book.  To realize that it was all true and not just fiction made it all the more compelling.  I learned a lot about the war and the struggles of the Italian people.  Amazing book!
 I guess I have always had an interest in stories about the time of the Holocaust. This realistic fiction tale that is based on true historical events, is one you will not soon forget. I still find myself thinking about the main character Pino Lella and the amazing life he lead. So many times throughout the story I had the same emotional responses as the characters. The author has a way of drawing you in and painting the setting so vividly. I could almost see the alps and feel the devastation of the oppression in Italy during World War II.. This book changed my outlook on life in many ways. I am grateful this writer spent the time to tell this humbling and profound story of Pino Lella.
 Awful simplistic and unbelievable book.  At first I thought it was written so simplistically in the style of One Hundred Years of Solitude.  Nope!  Just poorly written.  I will stop reading as soon as the book I have on reserve at the library is ready.  So sorry I wasted money on both the Kindle and Audible versions.  It was a bargain, though.  Beware of bargains!
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky, by Mark T. Sullivan, was inspired by the real life story of WWII hero, Pinot Lella. This book was 10 years in the making for author, Mark T. Sullivan, whom met Pinot by chance and knew he wanted to tell his story. It is a work of fiction, but has been rumored to be about 90% true.<br/><br/>First things first, this audiobook is a commitment. It is 17 hours long! About 25% way through I upped the speed to 1.25x and it cut a few hours off, phew. I am terribly bad at paying attention to audiobooks, but I do find I am most engaged in listening and not being distracted by everything around me (look a squirrel!) when I am taking a long drive. During a long weekend I went to visit friends in CT (about a 2 hour drive) so it was a perfect time to dive into Pinot’s story.<br/><br/>Pinot is an Italian who at the age of 18 is forced to enlist to fight with the Germans on his home turf. Just the previous winter he was helping Jews escape to Switzerland, so you can imagine the pain Pinot is fighting internally to be working for the enemy.<br/><br/>I am not one to give too much detailed information in my reviews, as I want the reader/listener to experience much of the granular details on their own. What I will say is that like any story about war, it is depressing. There is only so much one person can experience and it was wild to hear that much of this story was true for Pinot. His love for Anna Marta will make you weep. He is witness to such destruction and devastation at a young age and still finds the strength to keep going. After listening to this audiobook all I wanted to do was find Pinot and hug him (if you know anything about me, this is huge. I hate hugs, so for me to want to actually give one away…well that’s major).<br/><br/>If you are taking a long drive, or can pay attention better than me, Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a solid historical fiction audiobook choice. You must commit your time, but it’s one worth experiencing. The writing is beautiful, great character development. There is also an epilogue that provides a snapshot of where many of these characters wound up in real life.<br/><br/>The narrator, Will Damron, did an amazing job at tackling the various accents and character emotions. It was not an easy feat, but he made it sound easy.<br/><br/>Also, super cool to note: it is soon to be a major motion picture, staring Tom Holland as Pinot.
 The true wartime adventures of this larger-than-life character were fun to read; touching and heart-breaking at time. If this was a work of fiction, it would be deemed implausible. Since the events are told to the author decades after the event, I feel that memory and the distance of time have caused some of the characters to be depicted in black and white terms. But this observation in no way detracted from my enjoyment of the story.
 This book ranks right up there with "Unbroken", the story of Louie Zamperini. This is a true story of a young man during WWII in Milan, Italy. I had no idea what it was like for the Italians during the Nazi/Facist occupation. The bravery of those who resisted, the sacrifice of life and property....all gives one reason to pause and think, "Would I be willing to do what they did to save their country, their families, and those who fought for them.  It is a pretty amazing story. It should be on the required reading list for both high school and college American history classes. The cost of freedom is never free!!
 Absolutely amazing!!!  The author did an outstanding job of bringing Pino Lella's role in WWII to life.  The story takes Pino from an average teenager to escorting Jews through the mountains to safety, working as a driver for a German general who answered directly to Hitler and subsequently a spy for the resistance.  The author also did follow up on the key players relating what happened with their lives after the war.<br/>Highly recommend.
 This story stirred so many  emotions in me and the fact that it was based on  real life experiences<br/> made it  all the more powerful.  I have read many books about World War iI,, but this one really stands out.  Also  this is the first time  I have  never read so much detail about how the people in Italy experienced the war.. I it is a remarkable story of courage, bravery, and  love. .....also how revenge can turn  good people into the worst criminals.
 I love this book. It has everything, romance, action, adventure, a hero's tale, beautiful landscapes of Italy, fast cars,  coming of age, war, and loss. What's not to like?  This is the tale of one man's journey through the German occupation of Italy. It is a biography of this one man's journey. As the author states in the beginning there are some parts that are embellished. Of course there are, some parts need to filled in, conversations are not remembered word for word. Even so, this is a great story! I can't wait for the movie, I'm sure will be made of this book.
 I am writing this review to get the request for a review off my Kindle. If you are a WWII history fan you should read this book. I, however, could not make a connection with anyone in the book and found myself skimming to get to the end, which was semi-satisfactory. I also question whether this is  a true story or a work of fiction, or maybe a little of both? I felt sorry for the protagonist who probably needed a lot of PTSD therapy, which, unfortunately was not available at the time. A harrowing tale, but if true, very honest.
 I honor the man, but the book about him is a tad below so-so.  I don't get the praise for the book.
 By marrying a second generation Italian, I adopt all of the stories of its culture as my own.  I was fascinated by this Italian hero as I followed him, risking his life time after time,  escorting Jews up and over the Alps to safety,and then working as a spy for the resistance, all the while bearing witness to unfathomable human atrocities.  It made this history hating person become interested and wanting to learnmore.  Isn't that what we desire of the books we read?
 I really can't say enough good things about this book. This book was about Pino Lello and World War II Italy. His story is action packed and wonderful. Pino made a large impact on the war and many lives during the war.  I was impressed with the different ways he was able to help. This story had a bit of everything from war to family to love to personal peril. The book was extremely well written and once i started i didnt want to put it down. I highly recommend this book!
 Pino Lela was a hero.  Plain and simple.  But only a handful of people ever knew.  Thankfully the author took the time to interview Pino over 30 times when he was already and old man and got the story while it could still be told first hand.  Pino was responsible for leading over 100 jews to safety in Switzerland.  He spent nearly two years as driver for a powerful Nazi general, while working for the resistance effort in Milan, Italy.  The book read like a novel, and knowing it was true made it even more captivating.
 Please take a moment to reflect on the way this story is told and the philosophy of life it proclaims.  You may laugh at times as you read. You may cry you may be angry with our human need to wage war and even remember with pride your own experiences of war-like behavior.  But in the end, remember Pino and his beloved Anna and their love.
 This was a real page turner. I could hardly put the book down once I started reading. What made it even better was that the story was about a real person during WWII. When you think of that time frame, you usually think of Germany, France, Austria, Poland, or Holland. You rarely think of what the Italians had to go through. It was an eye opener.
 I found this book very valuable for presenting aspects of the II World War which are only dimly known or appreciated, especially the assistance and help given to the Jewish community by Catholic religious leaders during the Holocaust.  Combines real history and personal tragedy and growth in a very positive and thought provoking manner.
 Another well written book about the war. The setting is Italy which peaked my interest because most are set in either England, France, or Germany. I was not disppointed as I learned of how the Italians suffered and also about Mussolini. The story line follows a young man who risks his life first by helping Jews cross the mountains to Switzerland then by spying on the Germans as he is the driver for a high ranking German officer. The young man does fall in love but it only leads to her death and his bitter disappointment with himself.<br/>The war ends and the reader does learn what happened to each major character.
 It is an exciting book about a young Italian boy who helps Jews to flees during the Nazi occupation and then ends in the Nazi army as a chauffeur for a German General and betrays the German cause by relaying information to the British via his uncle. The story speaks of horrific events with many sad ending and joyful endings. I thought the book was a delight. It was written by an individual who became enamored with the story, did some research and interviewed the hero many times.
 Based on the 5-star rating of this book I had high expectations. I found the plot interesting but not engaging. Some events are described in great (sometimes boring) detail but I never felt like I got to know much about the main character, his personality and character traits. What is presented seems a bit unusual and superficial, especially for a 17 year-old in the middle of war. I also yearned to learn more about other major players but those details were also lacking. I can see how many would have found this to be a good story.
 Great story. If you love historical fiction you will love this book. It’s an incredible tale of love, adventure, and suspense all in one book. It is a true tale that will never leave you bored. I really enjoyed the complete story, from the beginning of “Pino” as a young man, to the end of  “ Pino’s” cougraous life voyage. Story is set in beautiful Italy at the beginning of WWII and traverses though the years, entailing the  dangers and trials “ Pino” faces as he becomes an allied force against the German warfare.
 This book gave wonderful insight into what happened in Northern Italy during WWI.  The story of Pino Lella was based on fact and brings you into contact with so many historical figures. The story of this one boy who was 17 when this story started in amazing.  It was also nice to see the role some of the Catholic clergy played in saving many of Italy's Jews.  Thoroughly enjoyed this book and would recommend it for those interested in history.
 A tale with heart and a provocative provenance. Sadly, the writing's a flaccid mess. Through the Casa Alpina section I thought I'd wandered into a YA book--plodding through trivialities. Later in the book, seriously interesting material is skimmed past. Could have used one more rewrite guided by a ruthless editor.
 Exquisite writing from the first pages of this heroic true story.  It made me realize how I should be grateful for every moment and how little I knew about this time in Italy,  Thank you from the bottom of my heart for sharing the life of Pino Lello and his family and friends and his beloved Anna Marta.  I will never forget you..
 How did I miss the fact that this is a true story?  A good history lesson for ill-informed people people like me.  I had difficulty reading it...had to force myself to continue, but it was our book Club selection, so I persevered.  And I’m glad that I did.  At this point in my life, i seem to need more ‘good news’ in the books I read.  This story seemed to me to be a series of terrible events.
 I was spellbound by this book.  The details of the events and the extent of the author's research made for a fantastic read!  I love to read about WWII, as my Dad was in Europe during the Barrle of the Bulge and drove a Sherman tank. His father was in the trenches of WWI.  I am an Air Force veteran nurse and LOVE history and our country! Great book, finished 7/04/2018.  Thanks, Mr. Sullivan. Can't wait to read more of your works!
 I just loved this book.  It's based upon a true story, so that made it extremely interesting.  The story takes place in Italy during World War II and I must admit that I had not read much about Italy and WWII happenings.  This novel revolves around a young man named Pino who is involved in many heroic acts, including escorting Jews out of Italy during the Nazi invasion and then becoming a driver to a Nazi general.  The story is fascinating.  My ancestry is Italian and I just loved the description of the Milan area and the Alps.  There were also very tragic events disclosed here and I learned so much and nearly wept.  How humans could mistreat each other in this way was unfathomable.  What was even more interesting was the epilogue about Pino's life after the war (told in an epilogue).  Again, I loved this book.
 Excellent book - loved it.  A captivating story. It was like I was caught in a spell - I could not stop reading until I knew what happened.  Even when the book ended, I wanted to know more! I haven't read much about Italy (or Milan in particular) relative to the war, so this was very interesting.  Also, I loved the way the author put you in the story - you felt like you were there in the middle of the action.  Would make a fantastic movie.
 This is an incredible true story.  It's about a smart boy "Pino" who was 17 and living in Milan, Italy in 1944 near the end of World War II.  The review discusses his efforts mountain guiding Italian Jews to safety (Switzerland), but Pino did even more -- once he turned 18 and had to choose between being drafted into the Italian army or enlisting as a Nazi -- to help defeat the Nazis.<br/><br/>The only problem with true stories is the author can't control the ending.  Sure we know the Nazis lost (yea!), but not all introduced characters in the book had a happy ending.
 The story of Pino Lella and Milan during World War 2.  It is the story of survival and death in a time of genocide.  And even at the end of the war, life does not give a happy ending.  It shows the cruelty of both individual man and in a mob, and tells the heroism that can be found in the individual.  You cheer for Pino, and then curse him for his carelessness.  The difference between a hero and a villain depends on individual actions
 This is a book I shouldn’t have liked. I don’t usually read biographies and I’m tired of books about World War Two. Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a beautifully crafted and carefully researched novel based on the life of Pino Lella, an Italian Catholic who, as a young teen, led Jews hidden in a church across the Alps to the safety of Switzerland. When Pino turned 18 he enlisted in the German army and  eventually became the driver of one of Hitler’s top generals and a spy for the resistance. The author, Mark Sullivan, meticulously documents many incredible incidents and close calls including  the story of Anna, the love of Pino’s life. I rarely reread books but I am looking forward to reading Beneath a Scarlet time again...and again.
 A compelling novel about a young man's experience with the horrors of World War II in Italy.  Based on the real life of Pino Lella and his family, the story follows a young man growing into his own capabilities as he nears adulthood and while he completely enjoys life.  He finds purpose in helping save lives as Hitler goes after the Jews and he finds love. Things unravel for him as the violence and brutality strike close to home.  He loses much but in the end his strong faith and the lessons learned from wise mentors carry him through. Well developed character and storyline, well paced. Be sure to look for Pino's picture at the end.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Based on a true story about a young  Italian man living in Milan during the second world war, who ends up saving many lives.  I've read quite on few historical fiction books written about this time period, but none that take  place in Italy.  Italy joined Hitler from this beginning of the war, but the Italian people suffered just as much as all of Europe, under Hitler's rule.  The real hero actually die not long ago, but I believe that the author interviewed him.  Soon to be a major motion picture.
 Although this is a true story it reads like a well-written fiction book that a good novelist would make up. I have been reading books about WWII for fifty years and quit reading the fictional novels about the war a long time ago because I felt that with so many amazing true stories there was no need to read the fiction. This book proves that point as the life of teenage Pino in the Italy of Mussolini evolves to become an adventure of spying on the Nazis, finding life-long friends, losing some of them and falling in love all at the same time. The story of an amazing young man in wartime. I am glad that Mark Sullivan was able to trace Pino's life and tell the rest of us the story.
 Mark Sullivan has done a wonderful job of bringing Pino's story to life, a story that deserves to be told. I commend Pino for opening up about his life during the war, as difficult as that must have been, and Mark for listening, researching, and seeking out as many resources as he could to corroborate Pino's story and fill out the narrative. I highly recommend this exciting, page turner, true story of Pino's life and heroism during WWll. I have been touched and am grateful this story came to light.
 I loved this story. Well written, interesting characters, and mostly, the real world situation that not every story gets wrapped up in a package with a neat little bow. There are some stories that beg to be told - I am thankful that this one was not lost.
 Pino Lella's experiences during WWII in Italy will have you on the edge of your seat. There are few accounts of what Italy was like during the war, so Pino's experiences as a driver for a top Nazi are especially interesting. He was a brave young man, assisting Father Re to help Jews escape to Switzerland, then helping the resistance as a spy  as he drove  Gen. Leyers all over Italy. Pino recounts his encounters with Mussolini,  Cardinal Shuster, and  other Nazis and resistance fighters. He fell in love and experienced unbelievable loss. Excellent read.
 The story took the lead. I am usually outside the story looking at the writer's choices, pitfalls and devices. Even though this is listed as a work of fiction, we are brought to the WW II front in Northern Italy with a young boy who grew up too fast. I would not normally read a book on war, but the author's note intrigued me. In the long life of Pino, I find a lot to admire. I thank Mr. Sullivan for his dedication to bring Pino's story to us.
 There are so many untold stories of heroism during wwll but this one needs to be broadcast as a must read. This is a story of an Italian boy who ends up on the inside happenings of the highest German general in Milan possibly all of Italy. A story about a spy, finding love, guilt, bravery, and most of all his faith. He was on both sides of the war and in the middle too. Make sure you read the epilogue, so very interesting.
 I found myself throughly engrossed in this story of Pino Lella and the fascinating part he played in the horrors of WWII in his beloved Italy. I wavered between the beauty and horror of his experiences with the early part of the war as a secret guide for Jews escaping into Switzerland and his time as the driver of German General Hans Leyers. His eyes saw so many terrible things and his own heartbreak is hard to read because you become so invested in this unsung hero of some of the darkest years in our history. Read this book.
 War is full of incredible stories of heroism. What makes Pino’s story so remarkable is its variety; espionage, tragedy, love, battles, and complex personal and family relationships. Sullivan is an outstanding writer who has managed to turn a true story into a much more exciting book than almost all the fictional war stories I’ve read.<br/><br/>Do your self a favor and read this book, Then read Nightingales by Kristin Hannah, which is an outstanding book using a similar (but more fictional) account that is set in France.
 I just loved this story of this brave young man Pino<br/>and his family . The courage , strength and perservance they showed in doing the right thing . When it would have been so much easier to take the other way out !<br/>It is a part of the World War II that takes place in Northern Italy , in the last year of the war that I virtually knew nothing about .<br/>A definte must read .<br/>I did not want the story to end !
 One of the finest telling of a tale that is based on real life events. It gave a different window into the WWII Nazi occupation in Italy.<br/><br/>The author's description and approach between the hero and is one true love is exceptional.<br/><br/>The information at the end of the book is well presented and brings closure to the story.<br/><br/>Worthwhile the read and I recommend the book.
 This is just an amazing story.  I found it very difficult to pick up another book after reading 'Beneath a Scarlet Sky'.  If this is a true account of Pino Lella's life then I just cannot understand why this truly amazing story was not told until now, 70 odd years after the end of WW2.  During the last 2 years of the second world war he experienced more than any teenager should ever have to witness.  His love of Anna was beautifully tragic.  I think he was remarkably brave to help innocent people escape from Italy under the Nazi' occupation.  This book will resonate with me for a very long time.  Thank you Mark Sullivan for researching &amp; writing this wonderful book.
 it's 4.21an n i jusr finished reading this book. best part was when i contacted mr Michael lella  (pinos son). i m finding it hard to believe this is not a real story. but it is. my heart is still aching for Anna's loss. one can go through anything as long as they have their beloved by their side but once the beloved are gone the zest to live life goes away too. i salute pino lella for his selfies work n blind faith. i couldn't have asked for a better way to stay up tonight. a must read n remember every step of the way this is a real story not fiction.
 Interesting topic. Author has a way with dialogue and description. Being an Italian/american i was aware of Firenzi-Continni and other stories of World War II Italian Jews. The characters are well described and not overly done. Even the Nazi who the main character drives for has human qualities, though certainly not enough to justify any of his acts.  I disliked one thing in the novel, but assuming it was based on a true story, I think the author had little choice. (spoiler alert, so for another day). Can't wait for Mark Sullivan's next novel!!!
 I chose this book because I like everything Italian.  Didn't know what to expect.  Well written page turner about the horrors of war, intermingled with a love story and the human will to survive.  I made the mistake of sometimes reading at night, finding myself unable to sleep.  Vivid account of the occupation of Italy by the Germans and the mistreatment and murder of innocent Jews and Italian loyalists.  Brought me to tears!  Already recommended to several people.  A must read.
 The Italian Resistance in WWII. An interesting read because it's more a man's view of Italy at that time, and his concerns. I've been reading a lot about France and Germany and Resistance during this era, especially the experiences of European women. It's a good think on another side of the story, well done and professional. The format is clean and easy, which is refreshing, and I see that it is doing well for Amazon.
 This book made me smile, laugh and cheer for Pino. It also brought tears to my eyes to read of all the tragedies he endured. This book is about the heroics of every day Italians fighting against the tyranny that flooded into their lives towards the end of World War II. I dont recall in all of my reading of WWII events hearing about the couageous acts that were enfolding im Italy. I so enjoyed this book and highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading about WWII events.
 Many books are so-so compared to one like this that takes ahold of you even when it is unsuspected! Not being an advocate of war stories, but being open minded because my dad had served in WWII as a medic and was in Italy &amp; Germany during this time, I found it to be one of the best I have ever read. Wow, nicely done. I highly recommend it to all avid readers.
 I absolutely loved this book........the fact that it was true, to me was a  bonus.  I liked the progression of Pino's life through the war.......no flipping back and forth of time or place.  It was heart-wrenching, but such a well-written book.........this is the type of book that lingers, long after the last page is read.  One of the best books I've read in a long time..........
 Such an amazing story that you have never heard before! You don't hear much about Italy in world war 2, so this was all new to me. It really is hard to believe that these things actually happened and Pino's role in all of it. A must read! Reminds me of Unbroken and Boys on the Boat.
 This is a fictionalized account of a true story about a young man in Milan at the end of World War II. What happened to him would be a stretch of the imagination if it were not true. Because it is a war story, parts are brutal to read. Anyone who likes history will enjoy this book. You will shake your head in wonder about why this story has never been told before.
 A sobering and inspirational account of two years in the life of 17 year old Italian Pino Lello as he navigates the horrors of war, brutality and his first love during the last years of World War II in Italy. The author brings to life the trials of a boy who becomes a man in the crucible of war, challenging his faith, his morals and his emotions. One of the most moving books I have read since “Unbroken”.  Highly recommend this book.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky  is a thoroughly enjoyable read even if the subject is not a pleasant one. War is never a pleasant subject.<br/>Mark Sullivan was successful in bringing everything back to life, I felt as though I was there with Pino all through all his experiences. I could feel what he felt, his excitements, fear, hesitations, pride, disgust, shame, love,  etc.<br/>I would recommend this book to everyone.
 A well written, fast paced story that actually took place in Italy during WWII.  Vividly told story of  good and  horrifying events  that all happened to a young man from Milan.  Mr. Sullivan's book  depicts fact, but reads like a novel.  I couldn't put it down.  I would recommend  it to anyone interested in world history.
 I enjoyed reading this book because it gave me a view of WWII from an Italian point of view. The characters were well developed with a real saga presented from the point of view of a young person named Pino. Sometimes I wondered if everything would be perfect for Pino since he survived so much adversity but that was part of his life story.  The love story that was also included was very real and brought some relief to the reader since most of the other events were related to surviving the war.
 What a great story! I read this as part of a book club I belong to. Everyone in the group enjoyed it. Many of the WW2 novels are set in France or Germany. It was a nice departure to read a story from Italy. There were zero slow points in the book. Every page was layered with great character development, action and interest. I hope they develop a screenplay for a movie. I’d highly recommend it.
 Since reading this novel, I've been staying up much too late following the fantastic and dangerous missions of our hero.  Mark Sullivan brought to life the proud  and courageous people of Milan who did all they could to resist and fight the the invading Germans and Italian Fascists.  It is hard to believe that these people survived such horrors, but this novel tells an accurate story about real people and true events in Italy near the end of World War II.
 I have always been haunted by WWII , but don't generally like reading about it. This book is an exception. A great story, well written, I could not put it down. My kudos to Mark Sullivan, a great tale spinner, and to Pino Lello, the protagonist. Great character development, clear narrative. You will not be disappointed.
 Magnificent!! What an incredible story about Pino Lella, a 17 year old who was a a true hero in Italy during WWII. What an honor it must have been for Mark Sullivan to have spent time with Pino Lella and hear his story to then to write this fabulous book. So much bravery, love, and trust in one so young. I'm amazed at what he went through and what he did for his country. This is a beautifully written book and I highly recommend it. I listened to the audiobook and the narration by Will Damron was brilliant!!
 This a novel steeped a great deal of researched history, assembled by the author.  It describes personal horrors,tragedies, and heroics, as well as the unconscionable acts of some of the people.<br/><br/>For anyone who entertains the notion that anarchy is appealing, a careful reading lawless and vengeful of the aftermath in  Milan immediately following the fall of the Nazis.<br/><br/>Anarchy is the absence of a viable and functioning legal system.  The "law" then becomes the whim of he who has biggest or most guns and all others are in peril.
 This is either a 5 or a 2, depending on how dependable the account of events are to real life.  A lot of the events in the plot seem too coincidental and hard to believe. But, if that's what happened, then that's what happened and it is an amazing, unbelievable tale.<br/><br/>In any case, I liked it, and would recommend it because it exposes a time and place that deserves our attention, lest we forget.
 Excellent telling of the human side of WWII.  Characters were realistically brought to life and the writing was quite good.  Some of the scenes described were hard to take but a very real part of the war.  Like my husband said after reading it...”this should be made into a movie.”  We should never forget what people went through during that time and how war affects everyday people.
 This is an intimate tale of WWII in Italy during the  German occupation, and ultimately the wars end. It is also the story of coming of age during that time. A tale of young men, and of their religion and culture.  What it took to survive.  Best book I have read since  The Girl in the Blue Beret. So well done.
 I loved this true story about a young Italian man living in Nazi-occupied Milan during World War II because it's a vividly written description of a lesser known aspect of WWII. Pino Lella is a young man obsessed with girls and fast cars until Milan is bombed and he is almost killed. His parents send him to a Catholic school in the Alps where he uses his mountain-climbing skills to help Jewish refugees over the Alps into Switzerand, where they'll be safe.That was my favorite part of the story but there's much more. Pino ends up becoming the driver for a Nazi General, falling in love with the ganeral's maid, Anna, and spying for the Resistance, among other adventures. One of the saddest moments in the book is when the Nazis are retreating from Milan at the end of the war and Anna is captured by an angry mob and marked as a collaborator.Things don't end well for her and Pino can do nothing to help her.
 This incredible true story kept me interested from beginning to end. There are so many WWII stories out there, but this one really stands out. Set in Italy, it brings to life the struggles and heroism of a lesser written about part of the war. I'm sure there are others like Pino who made so many sacrifices that we  will never hear about so I'm glad the author was able to bring this story to the world with such realism.  As I child I visited Milan, I only wish I had known more at the time.
 I had this book in my possession for quite sometime before I decided to read it.  When I finally did, I couldn't put it down.  Full of detail, it's an extemely well written account of the atrocities that occured in Italy during WWII and how one young man faced the demons in his native country. It's a part of the war I was not very familiar with so it was a history lesson for me, as well as a lesson in human suffering and tenacity on the part of the people of Italy. Don't miss this one!
 I finished this book a few days ago and couldn't compel an erudite review, many said it better than I could ever hope to pen...I was so moved by the experience of Pino and so grateful that these events happened before I was born... Who of us can say what we would do during these times!...thank you to Pino for your courage, Thank you to Mark Sullivan for your integrity in bringing this untold story to life and light!<br/>I was moved to horror, elation and tears and at times had ti stop reading in order to digest my vicarious experience... This is a story that will stay with me, as long as I see in my minds eye the souls who jumped from the Twin Towers on 9/11...May humanity learn from it!
 A gripping read about the little known story of the Italian resistance, and the bitter occupation of this beautiful country by the Nazi's, the betrayal by their own Benito Mussolini and the terrible life and death choices that are left to a subjugated people.  This is the true story of patriot Pino Lella , his life, love, loss and ultimate survival.<br/>This book ranks with one one of my all-time favorites about this time and place:  A Thread of Grace by Mary Doris Russell.
 This was a very good book.  It of course, was heart-wrenching to of the horrors experienced during World War II for the Italians and especially the Jewish people and the resistance.  That there could also be happy moments during all of this shows that there are good people in the world.  I do recommend this book for reading.
 I love books written about war and all that goes with it. This book was suggested to me several times from different places so one day I decided to check it out. I invested the story and was hooked. I loved the characters and the storyline and I was unable to lay it down . I continually would hurry back to read as soon as I was able to do do, and many times I read wayyyy past my normal bedtime. If you live stories about real war and real death and real heartache this is for you. Don't miss out on a really great book. B.
 Although I love historical fiction (and narrative non-fiction), rarely has a book about WWII kept me turning the pages and longing to get back to the story like Beneath A Scarlet Sky. Author Mark Sullivan gave us everything a reader could ask for in this gripping, gut-wrenching, heart-warming story. I hope there's a film in the future, because it will be a box office smash. Well researched, full of passion, beautifully crafted. This book deserves 5 stars and then some.
 I chose this book as my May free ride. Historical fiction is not a genre I normally choose. That being said, I loved this book. You find yourself rooting for Pino and following the personal struggles he has while working as a Nazi soldier, while his beloved Italy is being destroyed around him. This true story has it all - adventure, espionage, love, and strong family ties. Yay for the courageous Pino for sharing his scars and to Mr. Sullivan for telling this story so beautifully. It needs to be a movie!
 I thought this was an interesting and true story about the Nazis in Milan and northern Italy in WWII. There was a lot more occupation than I realized. The story was full of suspense and adventure and the courage of everyday people who sacrifice for their country and the safety of loved ones. The roles that people play in wars because of their hobbies or sports......mountain climbing and car racing. A bit of a different story about occupation. Would recommend to anyone who loved The Nightengale and All the Light we Cannot See.
 Loved it! A really tough story, beautifully told at a pace that will keep you reading. Northern Italy at the end of the Second world war was much more difficult and intense than I imagined, a real eye opener. During the book I looked up the place names on Google Maps and checked out the pictures to get a better understanding of the area - a truly beautiful part of the globe that I now hope to visit.<br/>Characterisation is very well done, it doesn't take long to get drawn into the book and feel a part of the triumphs, excitement and sadness.<br/>A truly wonderful story. I've started reading it again after finishing the final chapter! Spellbinding.
 I have read several excellent novels ( "All the Light We Cannot See", "The Nightingale", "From Sand and Ash") based on the bravery of European people in the face of Nazi occupation. "Beneath a Scarlet Sky", set in Italy and based on the life of Pino Lela, stands with the best of them. The story line is amazing, the characters are well developed and the author's writing style is impeccable. It is a page turner that remind one that evil can be overcome, no matter what the odds.
 This is a very well written, engaging novel based upon facts related to the Italian resistance that many may not know about.  The reader experiences the rapid growth of a young Italian from being a teenager to a courageous adult who must deal with trauma that few of us will ever know.  The book is well written and held my interest in the same way that "Unbroken" did.  I can say that about very few books.  I truly enjoyed it.
 This book was very exciting especially at the beginning. It told about the Worl War II  in the Italian Alps. The church (secretly) was helping Jews escape to Austria by climbing over the mountains. The guides were the hero of the book and his brother. The second half brings in too many characters to keep up.  But the hero is now the driver for one of the Nazi generals.  The end gets very detailed and descript in the deaths of many soldiers on both sides.  While Mussolini was definitely guilty of many horrendous crimes, his death was too gory for me.
 I really enjoy history and this is a part of World War II and the Nazis I really wasn't familiar with the  pain, anguish , love the hope and the hopeless  and then those oppressed rising up almost becoming like their oppressors there's that terribleness and greatness inside each of us it really brought the human side and all emotions together. Afterwards I did some research what a life that was lead for those involved
 This is an Italian story, the larger than life, but mostly true tale of a youth who came of age in '43, right in the thick of the most world-shattering, dramatic event in human history, World War II, but in a mostly forgotten area, the visceral struggle for northern Italy. Because his tale does not center on combat, the hero was able to touch many activities: refugee smuggling, forced labor, the industrial struggle to support the German war machine, and the vicious struggle between Italians, free partisans and loyal fascists. The story frequently has the irregular ring of truth which explains its great strength and its main flaw. The novelistic shape into which the author forms this story, true as remembered by the hero and tested to the limits of research, draws the reader into  history. However, the truth requires  inclusion of a gut renching tradgedy toward the end which leaves the reader to overcome a great sadness. Other than that and a slightly slow start, tale offers increasingly gripping look into a fascinating, forgotten, and passionate part of history.
 If you like historical fiction then you will love this book..except there is no fiction in this gripping true story of WW2 Italy. I had to keep reminding myself the characters were real people, the details truly happened and weren’t just the imagination of the storyteller. It was real life, real pain, real people living thru the horrors of war and the memories that followed. The author did an excellent job of telling this powerful hidden piece of history in novel form. Well done!
 One of the best books I've ever read. It's a true story of two years in the life of a young man during World War II in Italy.  Once you start reading you won't want to put it down.  I've recommended it to several friends and they were as captivated by it as I was.
 I understand why this book has been well reviewed. The story contained within is truly stunning. Time and time again, Pino Lella showed courage in the face the threat of Nazi Germany even ashis world collapsed around him.<br/><br/>My only wish is that a better author had written this book. Take, for instance the following line.<br/><br/>"Pino said, emotional in a way he never had been before, as if he were about to go out and right a great wrong."<br/><br/>That line literally describes what is happening. The main character is about to begin resisting the occupation. It is akin to being invited out for lunch and saying "I feel happy, as if I am about to be well fed on somebody else's dime". It's not wrong, per se, but it lacks the richness that the story deserves.<br/><br/>The book is rife with similar language; the author tells the reader what character is doing, but fails to properly capture how the character is feeling. The author is clearly more comfortable with the nonfiction aspects of the story than the fiction aspects of the story.<br/><br/>It is a good book, but not a great one.
 What an amazing story for history buffs and fiction readers alike. I have always been facinated by WWII history, but have never really learned much about Italy beyond IL Duce's puppet regime. This story is so enlightening. I have also been mesmerized by the stories of the Jewish Holocaust and the daring, kind, and heroic people who risked everything to do the right thing. This amazing book illustrates that beautifully. I pray Mr. Lella truly found peace. I also hope his family, despite any pain recognize him for the hero he was.
 The story of a real live hero is seldom boring. The story of Pino Lella placed him in crucial times and places allowing him to be exposed to all levels of good and bad. Not just the Nazis, the Italians and the partisans. His short lived love of Anna was at once beautiful and tragic. A long life blessed him with time for pushing the difficult to a deep dark place. But, in the end, he came to grips with them and used them (and words he had come to understand and treasure) to rationalize the incredible lightness of being.
 If I could give this book 10 stars, I would!  Beneath a Scarlet Sky is the second book I have read recently about Italy during World War II.  Based on the true story of Pino Lella, it is a very moving story full of love and hate, joy and tragedy.  The author has elegantly captured a period of history among the courageous people of Milan.  I cannot put into words how much I enjoyed this book - one of the best World War II books I have ever read!
 This book gets five stars because it was interesting, funny, and heartbreaking at the same time!  Reading Pino's story opened up a forgotten chapter in history and showed how the will to continue truly living after tragedy is a choice.  As humans we can choose to live a dead life or chose to live a life hindering the dead by living.  I am glad Pino chose the latter and shared his story.  Well written and a true page turned you cannot put down.  After reading this book you will find yourself hitting up Google to get more information on the people involved.
 This book covers it all.  This is a heart wrenching story that shows the terrible monstrous capabilities of some and the fantastic bravery and love that others can display towards fellow humans.  Hard to put down and yet hard to keep going...how Pino kept going is hard to fathom but thank God he did.  This is one of those books you will be thinking about for a long time after you finish the last page.
 This accounting of one mans life was almost unbelievable to read. A story of a dark period in time. Yet a love story profoundly deep. A family of heroes who were common and fully human. To the author Well done!
 I was a bit hesitant to buy this book, but I enjoyed it very much.  Very interesting story line.  Makes you realize how devastating war is on so many lives and levels, as well as the long term lasting effects on the people directly involved.  Would definitely recommend it.
 I don't write long reviews. In fact I hate doing reviews. But I have to review this book. This was one of the greatest stories I have ever read in my life. It is powerful, it is amazing, and it is at the very least, 90% true. If you enjoy historical fiction, love stories, or just an epic tale -- don't pass this up. Best book I have read in many, many years. Mark Sullivan is nearly as heroic as his main character and friend Pino Lella, for bringing us all this amazing book!
 What an incredible, interesting, and fascinating story. I read a lot of books but this one, I have to say, is one of my all-time favorites. Mark has done a superior job of developing characters, enriching their memories and showing the reader the power of the human spirit against all odds. It was and honor to read about Pino Lella and his life, his contributions and fascinating experiences... Read this book and relive the history and the sacrifice made by so many during WWII in Italy, the memory of it deserves to ever be present and remembered and forever learned from...
 A departure from the usual WWII stories because it takes place in Italy. Thanks to Italy's puppet, Mussollini, Italys roll in the war is largely untold. Perhaps because Italy is left to share in Germany's shame. This story tells of the suffering of the Italian people as well as the bravery people like Pino (who worked in anonymity) against the Nazis and their home grown Facists, fearlessly showed. A fascinating and enlightening read. Two thumbs up and an unconditional READ IT from me.
 I have read numerous books about WWII  with Germany, England ,Russia the US and Hollands  involvement but never Italy.  This book  really showed the  Italian history  that I haven't read before.  I learned more about the Italian culture, architecture and close family ties. It was a very moving book with such different political views tearing the country apart.  The author did a very good job explaining the horror of  war  and cruelty of man but yet it was inspiring to see the good in people as well. I think this true story could make a great movie.
 I want everyone who reads to read this book! I didn't realize until the end that I was reading a true story. Our much beloved Pino who saved countless lives during Hitler's invasion of Italy brings the eye opening truth of the horrors of World War 'll, the barbaric injustice, but also the courage and strength of the Italian priests and people who risked their lives to save the lives of as many Jews as possible. This is not just another German war book-it is a journey with Pino, his family, friends, and all the people who touched Pino's life.A must read to honor the past and remember those whose lives were taken but whose memory means everything in never ever forgetting their sacrifice and a call to spread our love and acceptance to all people.
 A WWII book that focuses entirely on Italy and the trials and tribulations they went through.  It follows a 17 year old from boyhood to manhood - a transition that happen in light-speed when war is raging around every corner.  From being a typical teen in Milan, Pino graduates to being an Alpine guide leading Jews to Switzerland.  Once faced with being drafted into the Italian army at a time when the Germans were sending new Italian recruits to the Russian Front, he is persuaded by his family to join the German army where he ultimately becomes a driver and translator to a high-ranking German officer.  The story is well written and will keep you reading late into the night.  What Pino sees and does with the information he obtains may surprise you.  The ending??  Well, I'm still not certain about who knew what, when.  Good read.
 I just finished this book and absolutely loved it!!!  I was never a fan of history but I have come to be much more interested in it lately.  This book  certainly taught me a lot about WWII in Italy.  When I think of WWII I think of Germany, Poland and Austria mostly but always forget about Italy.  The main character, Pino, went through so much during the war to help the Jews, etc that it's hard to believe that he was only 18 at the time.  He did everything he could to get people to Switzerland and safety.  I had to take a lot of patience and courage to drive a Nazi General around and not be able to say anything.  I would highly recommend this book especially to anyone who loves history or has an interest in WWII in Europe.
 It took me a little while to get into the story for some reason, but once I did, I was all in. I don't give a plot synopsis as plenty of other people will do so. I only say what I think, and I think this book is remarkable. It calls itself a novel but it is much more than that. It is not the sort of book I normally read, and I'm not sure why I selected this one, but I'm so glad that I did.
 I'm familiar with the atrocities committed in the name of Hitler.  I love History and I read as much as I can about those horrible days, plus I have a good friend that lived in Holland during the war and she tells us stories about what she saw.  It really opens your eyes about what people do when they go the wrong way, and also teaches you there's always somebody good to help.  It impressed me that it was based in a true story, cannot  comprehend how Pino could talk about all he went thru.  Very interesting book.
 Loved this book.  One of the best historical fiction books I have ever read.  I love history and this is written with researched detail and passion.  The rhythm of his writing flows and I like learning new vocabulary.  Pino is a remarkable man with a ton of courage and true grit.  Mr Sullivan paints a realistic drama of the times.  The book is powerful, filled with elation and ultimate sadness and despair.  The ending is not for the faint of heart.  I'm not easily reduced to anxiety and tears but this account of Pino is beyond moving and is extremely emotional.  Excellent and kudos to the author!
 I liked this book.  While it is a novel, it was well-researched and based on the memories of the main character.  It captured the atmosphere of northern Italy during WWII.  I've read a lot of historical novels about that time, but did not know much about what happened in Italy.<br/><br/>I really liked the afterword which gave updates on many of the significant  characters.
 Like most: The story itself was compelling and the fact that it was a true story it enhanced the reading experience that much more.  Also the research that went into crafting this novel was extensive and I appreciated the hard work that went into such an endeavor.<br/><br/>Liked least:  The sections relating to the mountain crossings was, for me, a bit too descriptive.  I didn't need to know about step of the way.
 Agreed with Nuin. I tried several times to try and move along with this book and it is so far fetched! Always in the right place at the right time. Stories leave you puzzled because their so incredulous, one after another. Halfway through, it’s time to stop. Hard to believe how it got all these positive reviews.
 What a resilient man is Pino Lella.  I love WWII history, but never read much about Italy under the fascists and Nazi occupation, although my mother's best friend in our neighborhood was a war bride from Naples Italy, brought to the USA by her husband after the war ended.  What a hellish and confusing time for Italian citizens!  I thank the author for digging deep to uncover long buried details about General Hans Leyers and his life after the war.  I hope providing these details to Pino Lella was cathartic for him.  I wish there was more information on the mysterious Anna, but perhaps it's better that she remains a wraith who brought passion and beauty into Pino's life during a horrible period of history.
 America has its greatest generation, and so does every other country involved in World War II. For Italy, Pino might be first in their Greatest Generation and his life during the war is a wild and improbable story for the ages.  From shepherding Jewish Italians to Switzerland through the Alps to spying at the highest levels of Nazi occupation of Italy, Pino did it all and with style. He loved and lost, fought and schemed, but most of all he lived every moment out loud. Read it and revel in his life!
 A gripping and breathtaking novel describing actual events recounted by the main character and others during second world war in Northern Italy. Incredible acts of bravery, endurance, suffering, and survival are described in vivid detail. I followed the explorations and dangerous travels with the help of Google maps showing the roads, lakes and the final trip to the mountain pass to Switzerland. A definite must read.
 This is the best book I have read under the Kindle Prime free book program. Just about every other book I have read for "FREE" was at best only worth a 1-2 star rating. This is a very moving interesting story and was written very well. I realize that it is based upon a true story and there may be some inaccuracies in the retelling of the tale, but it holds your interest from beginning to end. Well Done!
 I, like others, failed until the end to realize this was not historical fiction.  My heart was apaulled and broken for all of the horrors that humans have been capable of acting on each other.  Pino Lella’s Story is woven such that the reader is astounded in the end that so much could have actually happened to one man, and that he managed, still, to perceiver.  A tale of heroism and tragedy, this is a story not to be missed!
 The story of Pino Lella is a fresh look at WWII through a young man who is torn between two worlds. He has an opportunity to be a hero but risks being killed as a traitor. Every day he has to make a choice that could cause the loss of his life or the lives of those he loves.
 Little has been told about the Nazi occupation of Italy and the heroes of the Italian resistance.  This book reveals the pain, sorrows, and yes, even the joys of the men and women who lived through these perilous times.  Follow Pino and all those who intersect his life as he manages to survive the last days of World War II.  Sullivan writes a good story and won't disappoint the reader who is fascinated by the lives of the men and women who lived, loved and fought through these anxious times.
 While it is certain that many life stories have been and are continuing to be lost to history as their participants die off, it is equally certain that even one such story has many lessons relevant to our turbulent times.  This is one such story.  It may be difficult to accept that so much happened to an 18-year old boy/man in so short a time, and yet there is ample factual evidence to support the story.  A good and very thought provoking read.  Well worth your time.
 U love historical fiction, but sometime the author includes too much dry research.  NOT in this book!  Pink Lella was a complex, thoroughly intriguing character who became a man during the Nazi invasion of Italy. His courage, compassion, dedication were astounding.  The writing was not overly descriptive, and this reader was totally taken into time and place.  What a story!  The after notes were thought provoking.  After all the trauma Pink Lella encountered, what then?  The closure was most appreciated!
 This is an amazing story about someone who did some extraordinary things at an age when you would think that most young men would be working or going to school.  Thrown into a world of chaos not of his choosing but rising to the occasion with the wit and skill of someone much older, Pino Lella faced each day and situation with courage and perseverance.  It was a challenge for me to put the book down so I could go to work, sleep and eat!  I finished reading the book at 11:30 pm earlier this week and still find myself thinking about the life of Pino Lella  and all the people touched by his heroic deeds during the 18 month period described in the book.  World War II was the worst of times but it also brought out the best in many people who risked it all to help others. This book has also challenged me to learn more about World War II and the people mentioned in the book like Cardinal Schuster who put their lives on the line each day.  Mark Sullivan has done a magnificent job of placing the reader right in the middle of the action throughout the entire book. This is a great read.  Congratulations to Mark Sullivan for a decade of commitment to bring this story to the world and thank you Pino Lella for your acts of heroism.  I hope you have found peace.
 Were this not a novel built on historical fact and a real person still living, I might have dismissed it as a modern, wartime "Perils of Pauline." That one young man could dare, endure and survive the sequence of improbable events that are related in this book would not have made for a readable novel were it not factual. But survive he did and a good read results.
 Wasn't sure I would finish this since it seemed so one dimensional for the first dozens of pages but I plodded on and completed it.  Only by reading the afterward did I gather the impression that it was, evidently, all true and based on a living person.  Even then I'm not sure that it added any impact to the story line which is filled with improbable encounters with Mussolini, Adolf Hitler, etc.  I really do not know what to make of this book.  Is it historical fiction or a factual account?  For me only I must say that I never felt like I was in WWII Italy in Milan or up near the Swiss border where much of the action takes place.  I'm glad I read it and I'm glad it was free.
 Mr. Sullivan totally captured the horrors that this world was facing during this period in time, as well as the human spirit that prevailed through it all.  I was a child then and felt like I was reliving much of what I heard and saw in newsreels which was happening in Europe and here as well.  I had to stop reading sometimes just to catch my breath.  It is a story that needs to be told and retold to remind us that such autrocities must never be permitted again, even though we know mankind doesn’t always learn from the past. Thank you Mark Sullivan for telling this true story.
 I've listened to this book in an audio format over a couple week period when I was commuting over an hour one way to work. All I can say is WOW! The story of Pino who is an inspiring character, a hero in his teens runs through one  one of the biggest and most tragic events in the human history. I am a big fan of WW2 history, so this story completely  captivated me, made me laugh and grief with Pino. The suspense alone of what's coming next kept me in the car for too many moments after I arrived at my destination. I've been trying to find another similar book, so if anyone has any recommendations, please let me know!
 This is a great novel based on a true story set in Milan, Italy during the last 2 years of World War II.  You will fall in love with the Lella family, who  tried to do their best during a very horrible time in history.  The author draws you in immediately and Pino Lella keeps you in awe long after the book ends.  A courageous young man and hero, a strong family who fights bravely amidst the horrors of war and a love story that remains with you.
 When stories like this come out of the past and most of it is close to truth,one can only verify that during that time truly lived the greatest generation of our time. Whether Italian or allied forces the incredible sacrifices and loses against fighting injustice and pure evil are never to be forgotten. Extremely well written and at times heart wrenching. Nice job Mr. Sullivan nice job. Just MY opinion and we all know how that goes.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is an interesting and moving tale of a young man growing up in the midst of war in Italy during the 2nd World War.<br/>The author admits that not all of the minute details are absolutely factual, the main details are, gotten from the subject, Pino Lella.<br/>I was drawn into this story and learned much about Italy under Mussolini and the Nazis.<br/>Recommended book for those who like history.
 An engaging account of the activities of a young Italian man during the Nazi occupation of Italy.  The story is well written and a "page turner" that is hard to put down.  From sneaking Jews across the border into Switzerland to becoming the driver for a German General, from forming a loving relationship with a woman in spite of wartime hell and then seeing her murdered by Italian partisans, from wanting to kill a Nazi general to transporting him to Switzerland at the end of the war, this story weaves together a series of improbable and heroic exploits.  It would have been great as a novel and is even more remarkable in being a true story.
 Started slow and some details repeated too often slowing down the action, but overall a good read about a portion of the war rarely discussed. Story really picks up after Pino reconnects with Anna and becomes the Nazi General’s driver. Based on a true story, author gives insight to how WW2 impacted the civilian population in Milan. Killed me the way Pino loses his beloved Anna and the injustice of the General escaping his crimes. Although Pino lived a full life after the war, he never really recovered. Well written story worthy of your time.
 It was a well known story of heroism during WW2 but this time on Italian soil. Easy read, thrilling, tragic, and full of our human tendencies to love and fail and hurt and hope. Beautifully done.<br/><br/>I added the audible version for 1.99 and it was well worth it to toggle back and forth depending on my availability to read.
 Great War and love story about our young Italian hero, this novel gives a great insight into life in the Milan area, with the nazis and the resistance, as well as retribution of collaborators after victory arrives.  This story moves quickly and you are engaged in the strong characters and story line.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky by Mark Sullivan is a gripping study of a young man's crisis of conscience over events experienced during World War Two. Based on fact, it is at once a thriller, a love story, and a thoughtful portrayal of a man's effort to reconcile reason and passion in an insane world. His spiritual journey is universal in it's appeal but so darkly intimate as to compel our most compassionate response.
 I thouroughly enjoyed this book. The fact that it was based on real life made the story so interesting. Pino Lella was a remarkable young man and the book brings to life his story during the German occupation of the city of Milan during the last two years of WWII. Some very unbelievable things take place and it is hard to fathom that it is all true. The story is fast moving and exciting. I chose to read it based on all the great reviews and I was not disappointed. I am glad his story was discovered and told. One great book!
 A passionately told story about Pino and his experiences during WWII.  A dark and tragic time for humanity. There are so many unsung heroes and acts of bravery from this era, and I'm thankful for the author's years of dedication to be able to share Pino's story  with us. God Bless you Pino and thank you for your bravery and wisdom!  Fantastic book with character follow-through beyond the war until the end,  I couldn't put it down.
 This was one of the most remarkable books that I have read in a long time.  Filled with danger, intrigue, courage, and heartbreak, Mark Sullivan's book about Pino's remarkable journey in war torn Italy, reveals not only his unbelievable courage, but of the suffering of untold thousands around him.  A must read for those who want to understand perseverance in the most difficult times.
 Based upon a true story, according to the author, this is a riveting story about the conflict in Italy at the end of WWII.  I don't remember hearing anything in history class about the situation there, with conflict between the German Nazis, the black shirt fascists, and the Italian resistance.  Interesting characters, suspenseful situations (especially with the Italian Catholics helping Jews to escape into Switzerland), and powerful scenes of the hell of war.
 If it weren't the true story of someone's life during WWII in Italy, I would say it was a little Forest Gump-ish. It's incredible the number and variety of experiences the main character happened into. His resilience and strength of character are impressive. The writing was good and the book kept me captivated from beginning to end.
 One of the best books I've read recently (and I've read some good ones.) The true story of a 17 year old Italian boy sent off to a mountain monastery by his parents to protect him from the bombing of Milan. There a monk trains him and pulls him into the Italian resistance movement where he ferries Jews across the treacherous mountain routes across the Alps into Switzerland.<br/><br/>During a visit back to his home in Milan, he ends up by happenstance becoming the driver for the 2nd highest ranking Nazi in occupied Italy. He is then recruited as a spy for the resistance movement and provides valuable information to the allied movement by spying on the Nazi general who is his boss.<br/><br/>Great book that I highly recommend.
 Pino was only 17 when WWII came into his life in Milan, Italy.  Pino left his well to do home to live with priests in a church in the mountains. His parents sent him and his brother there to keep him safe from the bombs, but athletic Pino started becoming a hero early on, risking his life to safe escaping Jews through the treacherous mountains. This is a true story about war and love and rescue and hope  and very well researched. It's about strength of character and growing up fast, but still keeping the heart and dreams of a young man.
 If I had it to do over, I would read the Aftermath first ( at the end of the book). Then I would have realized these events and people  were all<br/>Non- Fiction, those who actually  lived history are all detailed in the book. It would have made the story even more interesting.<br/>I also bought the book for my Grandson in college for his Birthday. I think he will enjoy the book which takes place in Italy by this young person.
 As a disabled Korean veteran I grew up during the Second World War and the novel brings back memories of what had transpired at that time. Although I was unable to understand the complete action on all fronts then, this book gave me a better understanding that the war was not all about Natzis, but about real people that had to survive under those conditions. Because of my praise for the novel, my wife also read it, to her satisfaction.
 Beneath the Scarlett Sky is wonderful historical fiction with excellent character development and an exciting story line about the adventures of a young Italian spy during WWII.  Our club really enjoyed it and had a good discussion at our meeting.  Some events in the book gave us much to ponder about the human condition.
 I have read many books relating to this era, both fiction and nonfiction and never realized quite how many people and countries were devastated by this war. This is a great story about heros never recognized. Highly recommended. I could not put it down for long! I love the story at the beginning  about how the author came about this story. Thank you for telling Pino's story. It will not be forgotten.
 A terrific book overall especially if the reader keeps in mind the bulk of the story is the true story of Pino's actual experiences researched and dramatized by the author. Too little is known about the Italian front of WWII, and this book helps illuminate that discrepancy heartbreaking and inspiring. I especially appreciated the Afterward giving an expanded perspective on the actual people and verified history of many written about in the novel.
 One of the best books I have ever read.  Exciting tale of an Italian teenager caught up in the last years of World War II with the Italian resistance.  First smuggling Jews and other refugees out of Italy into Switzerland and later as driver for one of the top German generals.  The amazing part is that most of it is true.  Written as a fiction because the author couldn't verify all the details.  Unbelievable that almost no one had heard of the exploits and bravery of Pino Lella before.
 This story was difficult to read because of the atrocities Pino witnessed during wartime in Italy.  I have read many WWII books, this is the first from the Italian perspective.  Although full of unspeakable acts, I couldn't stop reading it.  It was full of historical information and being Catholic, I can understand the decisions he made, in the name of God and his Faith.  By far the best Kindle First book I have read, recommended it to my husband who is currently reading it. Very well written and I would highly recommend it to all ages.
 As a lover of WWII stories, I found this book a most compelling read. The characters were vivid as they must have been in real life. Like so many others my focus on the end of the war was on France and Germany.  This book really explores the hardship and brutality of  the Italian campaign. The execution and desecration of Il Duce's body in Milan had me checking out 1945 Movietone newreels and the events are perfectly depicted. The joy and tragedy of Pino's life had me shaking my head but wanting to read more. There is too much material here for a movie but how about a mini series?
 Wow, just Wow!<br/>Amazing!<br/>Stories about this time always break my heart but this one took the heartache to a whole new level.  I honestly don't even know what to say about Beneath a Scarlet Sky except that it was beautifully written and was absolutely captivating.  I love that the author took so much time and heart in writing it.  And I'm especially grateful he shared Pino Lella's story with us.<br/>I started off reading it but then switched to the audio when I saw it was narrated by one of my favorites, Will Damron.  Between the story, the writing and Will's performance I couldn't get enough.  This will stay with me for a very long time.
 Based on interviews with the person who lived this drama during World War II, this is one of the best books I've read on that period in history. It reads like a novel but is solidly grounded in that it is based on the life of a real person. Because of the complexity of the characters and the situation, this has inspired me to read further on the history of WWII and its impact in Italy.
 I first started to doubt whether I'd like this book when I read the Preface and learned that the author thinks that God or the universe gave this story to him.  Later in the Preface, I stumbled over the words, "unfathomably young age".  Those words don't make any sense to me (since the author was not trying to describe, say, the possibly unfathomable state of infancy, but was instead referring to the experiences of a teenage boy).  I read just beyond the Preface and kept running into writing that jarred me from enjoyment.  This book isn't for me.
 This is the best book I've read in a long, long time.  One of those stories that you hate to see end.  All the characters are so well-defined you never lose track of them.  You feel Pino's courage, his deep love for Anna, his despair as the war takes away life as he once knew it.  The author, Mark Sullivan, told a beautiful story.  After this book, I'm looking forward to reading more from him.
 Sullivan tells the story of a young man and his family during the last couple years of WWII in Nazi occupied northern Italy. It is well researched and based largely on the first hand account of a brave teenage Italian boy forced by the war to grow up too fast. You will experience every emotion as you read this amazing story. I would recommend this book to anyone.
 I have often read reviews that said "I couldn't put it down".  However, until this book I didn't actually read anything that lived up to that hype.  But this one did.  It was a totally engaging story and with the amount of history thrown in, it was educational.  The characters were well developed and getting to know them enhanced the story line.  I have not read a book by this author before, but am anxious to read other novels by him to confirm his story telling prowess.
 Let me first say that this is my first time writing a book review. I have read hundreds of books but always past on reviewing them.  Mark Sullivan has done a extraordinary job of telling Pino's story from beginning to the end. This story was a page turner. I had a hard time putting my kindle down. If you like reading stories related to WWII you will enjoy this book. This is a true story about a young man's journey of bravery, resilience, adventure and heartbreak from within the Nazi occupied country of Italy.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel is the best book I've read this year. The story of Pino Lella in Milan, Italy during the final years of WW II. Very tightly written. You feel as though even the little words push the story along...the "an's and's the's...all move this brilliant story along.<br/>There are no typos or misused words or grammatical errors. Wonderful copy editing! I, for one, appreciate this!<br/>This book will grab you by the hair and drag you along the escape routes. Enjoy this book!
 I didn't expect much from this book.  Perhaps a slightly interesting look into the (to me) obscure world of Italian anti-Nazi partisans.  But what I got was a trip into a confusing disorienting world where it was impossible to know who to trust and who to fear.<br/><br/>Bravo to the author for allowing me to travel to a time and place that I'm glad I missed.<br/><br/>If you like historical fiction, especially WWII, this book is for you.
 This has been one of the best novels I've ever read. A true account of Peno Lella's experiences during WWll in Italy as a young teen walking the Jews over treacherous mountain ranges to be lead into the safety of Switzerland and his job as a spy for the allies.  Peno describes his great friendships, close knit family, the love of his life, the horrors of war and the joys of staying alive. L A Times award Best Book of the year.
 A fascinating, riveting page-turner, bloody at many turns, but impossible to put down. You will learn about Italy during World War II, arguably the most devastating event in human history. The characters will haunt your memory, but this story needed to be told. Prepare for the ride of your life. Pino and his adventures, even his flaws, will remain with you forever. We envy his courage, even as we wonder about his decisions. I look forward to the movie and more books by  Mark Sullivan.
 I really enjoyed this tale. When I began reading it I was unaware that it was based on a true story because it seemed far fetched.<br/>This made it all the more powerful when I learned that it was based on real events and real people. Very well written.<br/>My only criticism is that it is a bit too long.
 This is a beautifully written book.  I got it free as part of the prime reading program and I loved it so much that I want to purchase it in hardback, but I can only find it in paperback! This is one of the stories that I see myself coming back to time and time again.  Wonderful.
 A well written historical novel.  More truth than fiction, I think.  Pino Lella was an extraordinary young man.  This book is not just about Pino, it's about people who did what they had to do to survive the war no matter what side they were on.  The book is full of the beauty and destruction of Italy during the war.  Thank you Mr. Sullivan for sharing Pino's remarkable journey.
 This is a work of creative non-fiction, telling a true story in a novelistic way. The description of Milan and the Italian Alps during WW II is engrossing, and really puts you there. The main character, a real-life war hero, goes through so many terrible trials in saving others, but, as we see in the Afterward, has come though it all with a positive spirit. I took off one star because there was a point or two where it seemed to drag a bit, but otherwise, good reading.
 While I've read many novels and stories of World War I I, this true story was remarkable in that it came from a perspective I'd not yet heard. The daring of this young Italian was terrifying. I couldn't read Beneath a Scarlet Sky fast enough.
 This book was one that could not be put down. The characters are  most excellently portrayed, the story line was not only tight, but exciting.  From taking Jewish refugees over the Alps escape the Nazies, to driving a high ranking Nazi general while a spy for the resistance, to the haunting love story threaded throughout, the book was just fantastic.  I highly recommend this book.
 Really liked the entirety of this work.  Sheer scope is just so fascinating and one can almost breathe in the real experiences described by author.  My Italian mother (from Tuscany) described many of the German interactions where it came to provisions-  if they wanted to survive they had to hide whatever they could or starve!  Kudos to Mark, I feel like you really hit a home run with this book!
 It is amazing to me that this incredible story is just now coming to light.  The events this young Milanese man lived through in the awful final two years of WWII in northern Italy and the historical figures he met and interacted with during this period leave one wide-eyed. The author expertly depicts the horrors of war, the passion of first-found love amidst the bombs and debris, the crazed cruelties of revenge wrought by the Italian partisans and citizens of Milan, and the heartbreaking and visceral reality love suddenly lost. I could not put this book down and found myself and found myself both cheering for Pino and sharing in his agony and despair.  A wonderful historical novel.
 This book was mesmerizing... The author's writing was very elegant and I felt a part of his descriptions... I love history, but I knew very little about the Italian resistance during WW2.  I feel like it was the unsung hero of the Italian participation in the war.  People willing to risk their lives and undergo the scorn of family and friends.  There is more I would like to say, but I don't believe in putting spoilers in a review or to even hint at them.  My recommendation: read the book and discover them for yourself.
 Because it's based on the story of a real person, I learned a lot about the history of Italy during WWII.  The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is that parts were hard to read because of the brutality depicted.  As I finished, I thought, I'm surprised this hasn't been made into a movie.  Then I saw that it is.
 This book is so well  written , it's easy to read, and very difficult to put down!  I've read many books about WWII but I had never read much about Italy's challenges in the war.  If you have an interest in this time period, I highly recommend reading it.  I especially like that it's based on a true story!  Thank you Mr Sullivan and Amazon.
 It was a little slow for me at first, not quite sure of where it was going. Eventually, I got used to the pacing and enjoyed the random turns and twists of fate that changed the protagonist's circumstances dramatically throughout the story.<br/><br/>As the author states at the beginning that some elements were fictionalized, I consistently wondered which parts were true, given that so much of the story was incredible. Given the setting, there were many atrocities that occurred that many still find very difficult to believe today.
 Excellent novel based on the long lost story of a forgotten hero. I felt as if I was there through every part of Pino's journey from a care free Italian youth in Milan to the guide trekking war refugees across the Italian Alps. And that just the beginning. Warning: it is very realistic to the atrocities of war and Hitler's regime. Highly Recommend. Best book I've read in a long time.
 This story has been lovingly and with the utmost respect told. Sullivan takes you right into Pino's world right from the beginning. You can see the streets and hear all the sounds. You are right there with him all through his incredible journey.  I highly recommend this book, you will not be disappointed.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is the best book I have read this year and I read a lot,  I highly recommend this book. Fantastic read. Don't miss the history and detail of World war two seen through the eyes of a young man and his family trying to survive when their country taken over.
 This was a very moving book for me.  I have always been terribly aware of the effects of WWII in France and Germany and England, but I'd never read anything about its effect on Italy.  What I read was eye-opening and totally fascinating. The decisions that the northern Italians had to face were just as enormous as those elsewhere.  But the thing that made me really stop and think and appreciate the story was the epilog.  The post-WWII stories of the lives of the characters in the story made the story even more poignant.  I highly recommend it.
 An amazing story about an amazing individual in a horrible time for the world. Parts made me laugh, parts made me cry, others kept me up at night - mulling them over and over in my mind. Can’t say enough about how moving this book is and encourage everyone to read it! I very very rarely ever give a five star rating for a book, but this one deserves it!
 I have not felt excited reading a book in a long time as i did reading this magnificently written and carefully researched story of Pino Lela, by Mark Sullivan. Pino’s character was richly described in his actions, his decisions, his love for Anna, his fears, his exploits and his ethics. What i most loved was his fearlessness in the face of dangers i cannot even imagine. For me, this was uplifting to hear about a human being so brave as so many were but i felt his story was special in so many ways.
 I love historical non fiction, especially the kind that include suspense, intrigue, romance, adventure, bravery!  This book has it all...the fact that it's basically a true account of heroism during World War 2 made it all the more interesting to me!  I can't wait to see the movie, although it's unlikely it will be able to cover all the facets of this incredible story.  A must read!
 Beneath a Scarlett Sky is a fascinating, well-written story set in Italy during the Second World War.  It is the story of a teenage young man named Pino Lella who helped smuggle Jews out of Axis controlled Europe and into Switzerland.  The book is based on the true story of Pino Lella who lived in the midst of the chaos and suffering of Fascist Italy.  The book is based on the story because it contains much dialogue that moves it along and that has to be filled in to keep it interesting.  Additionally some of the details of the story are difficult to substantiate so many years later, keeping this work in the realm of fiction.<br/>If you read it as a work of historical fiction based on the life of Pino Lella, you will likely be pulled into the story.  It is a story of hope and deep tragedy.  I would recommend the book.
 I love the blend of history and emotion!  Pino's story is both interesting and heartbreaking. The twists and turns kept me turning the pages. I wonder how anyone survived that terrible war.  The injustice and cruelty shown by the Nazi's is difficult to digest. The book was a true testimony to those who managed to survive. I would highly recommend reading this one.
 This book shows the agony of war, but also shows the humanity. It’s an amazing story of heroism, love and loss, despair and faith. It left me wanting to research Giuseppe Lela and his family which I have already started doing.  The story is being made into a movie, I can’t wait to see it.
 If I could give it more stars, I would. Mark is a talented writer to begin with and then he had such an amazing story to tell. While the book is technically a novel, there was a lot of true facts and information in the book. He doesn't gloss over the grisly but keeps it honest. I admire the time and effort taken to research and the tell the stories of these unsung heroes. I wish I'd personally spent time with Pino myself. This isn't a light, 'fun' read but I think it's still a must read!!
 I don’t say this lightly, or with any hyperbole at all:  this was one of the best books I have ever read.  It’s an amazing story that was easy to read.  I found myself engrossed in the characters and the events of WWII in Italy.  Although I’ve read quite a few novels and nonfiction books set in this era, this one both entertained me and educated me about many aspects of the war and the people on all sides.  Well done, Mr. Sullivan, and thank you, Pino, for sharing your story.
 I've read many different stories from the World War II era and have always been impressed by the faith and courage of people who lived during those difficult times. This story is no different. I am grateful to be able to learn people's stories and to be inspired by them and their actions. I admit that I've not thought much about how World War II in Europe affected other countries besides Germany. This book helps me to really understand just how many lives were affected all around the world by the injustice and horrors of war. My heart goes out to all who have had to, and even now, live through war. Thank you for sharing this story.
 I usually don’t read non-fiction. However, this book was incredible. It’s the perfect story of how one person can make a difference but also a story of emotions and conflict. It’s not clean and pretty. It’s painful and real. The answers aren’t always what you want to read. But it is a very compelling and well written story based on true accounts. Worth every second.
 Probably the best Kindle First book I've ever gotten.  It's a great story that unfolds in a beautiful, realistic, tragic, sad, happy, etc. way.  Not too flowery, not too gory.  You admire and root for Pino all the way.  You even wish that you could go back in time to your own younger years so you could be more like this precocious young man.  He's a good son, friend, and person.  And you love reading his story.
 If this hadn't been a biography of a man's wartime experience, it would be almost Forrest Gump in Italy.  This man was at the right place, at the right time, to do heroic actions that helped fight the Germans.  He was observant and quick to learn.  All right, he or the author may have embellished the story some, but he still had an amazing adventure in the underground resistance.  The sad part was that after the war, he never seemed to fit into his society.  And that may be true of many soldiers.
 I bought this book to read at the beach, and I had a hard time putting it down.  A compelling story written from a unique perspective, Beneath a Scarlet Sky will not disappoint.  A part of me assumes there's a little bit of embellishment.; it's only natural to want to make ourselves appear stronger and morally superior to our actual selves, and it seems like Pino does that occassionally. Though, perhaps, Pino is just a better man than most.  Either way, 5/5 would reccommend to anyone looking for an entertaining, heart wrenching piece of history.
 This book was totally immersive and breathtaking. I loved this story of heroism and faith. Pino Lella isn't much more than a boy at the beginning of the story and you see how the war affects him and rushes him towards adulthood. I found myself at times rooting for him, rejoicing with him, grieving for him and getting angry on his behalf. I definitely would recommend Beneath a Scarlet Sky to anyone who enjoys a lovable hero, a beautiful setting and a storyteller who invites you to get lost in the world of his story.
 One of the best books I have read this year.  This is not my typical type of book to read, but I was born in 1945 and this book was set around WWII.  I am so glad I read it.  The history and the story of the young boy were very well written.  The fact that it was a true story made it all the more interesting.  What a brave soul Pino was.  Loved this book.  You will not be sorry if you read this one.
 This is the true story of a  young man’s life in Italy during the last two years of WWII.  At seventeen, Pino is like any boy.  He loves music, movies and beautiful girls.  But when war comes to Milan, what is a young man to do?  The often untold story of Italian Catholics and how their lives would change when Nazis came to Italy unfolds on these pages.  It contains everything a good story should, action, romance and tragedy.
 A fascinating story, elaborated by the author where recollection/evidence was scarce, about a young Italian man caught up in the German occupation during WW2.  Vivid, credible and absorbing, the plot includes helping escapees cross into Switzerland, partisan conflict and real-life espionage.  By drawing on memories of the events by the main character and others, the author has compiled a first rate action story as authentic as any.
 This is a story that is clearly a chapter of history that is another example of courage in the face of Nazi oppression, savagery, and heinous acts.  The main character is so well developed in the written word, and is likable, tragic, and enduring.  The fact that this is based on a true story is beautiful.  It is timely that I read this book with the white supremacist movement in the US and a clear warning of how far that movement can go.
 This was an amazing true story superbly written. Thank you for pursuing this and all the hard work you and many others did to bring this story to the world. God bless you, Pino.
 A true story, with more twists and turns than a Hollywood film script could conjure up.  Far more has been written about the French Resistance than the Italian efforts, so this book was initially appealing for that fact alone.<br/>Starting to read, it was quickly apparent that this was a well written thriller.  The principal character survived more close calls than any one person should have to face.  I was on the edge of my seat and couldn't put this book down.
 I was never a reader growing up, finding anything that would hold my interest was difficult. Beneath a Scarlet Sky was one of those books I couldn't put down. Every Chance I got I was reading. The depth of the characters, the suspense of the war, the tragedy of war and the joy of young love. I highly recommend Beneath a Scarlet Sky for avid readers and for those of us just discovering the joys of reading.
 A good book, but a tad too long.  I enjoy historical fiction, and I had just finished a similar book written about many of the same things that occurred during World War in Italy, I found a lot of similar events.  I felt at times it dragged on, and it was amazing to see that the main character, Pino, escaped with his life.  The Epilogue was very interesting and I was glad to read about what happened to Pino after the book ended.
 I am so interested in stories of our WWII heroes, and this book ranks as my now favorite.  Mark Sullivan knows how to write a book of intrigue!  The few years that Pino lived through the war had more adventurr than any man, esp a 17/18 year old kid should ever experience. Mark Sullivan wrote Pino's story with such skill and I appreciate every page! Thank you Mr Sullivan for sharing this remarkable story!
 It all took place during my childhood.  I am of Italian decent ..I was able to understand and feel the anxiety,fear,and sorrow my descendents lived through. It was like being there with my family and experience what they lived through..Excellent recounting of life during ww 'll.  Very emotional accounting of the ravages of war .
 When I read WW2 books, they tend to be set in Germany, France or England. The author was right about Italy being forgotten about. This glimpse into the tragedy, loves, loss and heroism experienced by Pino Lella is astounding. The series of  perfectly timed events in his life all come together to develop Pino  as a sort of super hero for Italy when they needed him most. I could not put this book down until I found out what happened to absolutely everyone who interacted with Pino.
 I received the Kindle version of this wonderful story--not exactly a novel, not exactly a biography--free with Amazon prime. I recommend reading the foreword to learn how the author came to write it. It is a gripping narrative with twists and turns, some that I saw coming and many that I didn't.  It reminded me of Unbroken by Hillenbrand, with a similarly courageous, ordinary hero made of the same stuff my dad was. It's well written, nearly typo-free, fast-moving, and vivid. I loved it.
 An insightful look into the horrors of war from the viewpoint of those who endured true hardship during World War II.  This book caught my interest on the very first page.  It was a fast paced page turner that made me want to keep coming back.  I felt the pain and the joy of these people living their daily lives with the knowledge that tomorrow was never a guarantee.  I recommend this book to those who love history, and those who need to learn why no one wins a war.  Mark Sullivan has a knack for taking a true account and building a fascinating story from it.
 One of my all time favorite books ! This is a long book for a novel but I couldn't put it down. Mostly based on true occurrences, this book soars and careens with Pino's life in WWII Italy. It has funny moments, sad moments, intrigue , romance at its best, adventure , and almost constant danger. The most disturbing part is Pino's lack of courage when it counted most. (As you will read) I cannot recommend this book more highly !
 Wow!  I have just been on a 526 page roller coaster ride! The story was in turns, beautiful, heroic, poignant, horrifying, sad, frightening, uplifting, joyous, inhumane - showing the very best and very worst humanity is capable of.  So many times I thought  the end was near, yet Pino Lella prevailed and went on to another harrowing experience.  The most amazing part is that it is based on real history! I will think about this book for a long time and recommend it to anyone interested in good writing and WWII history.
 I love, love, love the style of this author.  Very easy to read and follow.  He didn't spend paragraphs describing scenes and terrain but revealed his surroundings in the telling of the story--and man what a story.  The emotion elicited as I read this love/war story were overwhelming at times.<br/>Thank you Mark Sullivan.
 I really enjoyed this book. I hadn't learned much about what was happening in Italy during the Second World War. I knew Mussolini had something to do with Hitler, but that was all. The protagonist of this story was a real person.  The book tells the story of his heroic exploits during the war in Italy. He was very courageous and participated in many different ways to subvert the Nazis. I also enjoyed the very end, when it told what happened to the characters after the war ended. It was exciting and also educational.
 I loved this book!  It reminds me of how seemingly impossible events can actually be possible!  Pino had a heartbreaking story that encourages people to really push to be the best they can; even when they appear in a different light.  I'm somewhat of a WWII history junkie because I am in awe of that time and how much the greatest generation pushed themselves to their limits.  This book was one I couldn't put down.
 This is the best book I have read on Germany's part of World War II. I have read several books concerning this and this is by far the best written and those written about. Pino Lella was a definite hero as a driver for a top German General and as a spy during his time as a driver. It is a must read and definitely a page turner. Pino is still living at the time of this review. It is heart wrenching and will bring an ocassional smile. A true story.
 I liked learning about the dynamic family relationships and how each family member experienced the war. I could actually feel the characters in this story.<br/>What I didn't like , or was disappointed to learn, was that Anna died. I wanted that love story to continue as much as Pino did.<br/>I gave this book five stars because it was a terrific beach book.
 Historical fiction brings real characters to life.  The story of Pino Lella is riveting; he is a survivor and also a victim and I can not imagine either what he did during the war or how he managed to find some semblance of peace after the war.  It is stories like this that humanize war, an otherwise inhuman and inhumane folly and tragedy of mankind.  As a novel, the scripted dialogue does not match the pathos of the history.  However, the story as told depicts how totally innocent normal people, simply trying to live out their lives, are inexorably caught up in the horror caused by absolutism.
 This is a WWII story I had never before heard and it was exciting. It is based almost entirely on a real person's story and that is what makes it so good; who would think what happened to this man could happen to anyone outside a novel? There are plenty of twists and turns and surprises. Underlying the suspense are aspects of the repetitiveness of everyday life, which only serve to underscore non-everyday events when they occur.
 I happened to be reading this book during my recent trip to Italy and that made me love it even more.  While staying on Lake Maggiore<br/>I was reading the chapter about Hitler's treatment of the Jews there, and being able to visualize the many trips made crossing through the Alps into Switzerland has just made this one of the most meaningful books ever. It is a hard book to put down, holds your interest well and one I would recommend.
 A thrilling story made all the more compelling for its historical accuracy and unique perspective. An almost unbelievable tale of one young man's experience during WWII that would have been lost to the ages if not for the persistence of author Mark Sullivan. The world is likely filled with Pinos; ordinary men and women thrust into extraordinary circumstances by fate. So glad this one was told.
 This will surely go down as one of  best books I ever read .  I  was so moved by this story,  that I felt a part of it.  I highly recommend this book.  It's  a story you won't forget for awhile.  Truly a great book.  Thank you for this  story.<br/><br/>George Ann
 What a great read. Such a sad time in history and this story captures beautifully the essence of what was happening in Italy during World War II. It is written so well I felt like I was there going through the heartbreak and euphoria that the author put me through. I love that it is based on a true story. I want to be Pino's friend. This is a must read. Could not put it down.
 This book was a great read.  It was exciting and gave me a perspective of World War 2 from the Italians perspective.  Some people complained about the writing being choppy but I thought that it added to the authenticity of Pino speaking many languages because he was not fluent in some of them.<br/><br/>I really enjoyed reading about the characters lives after the story ended.  I researched a bit more after I finished the book. My belief is there were many heroes worth reading about!
 This book does an incredible job of portraying the heroic actions of Peno Lella in WWII.  It is based on a true story from extensive interviews with Peno and other witnesses; this unsung hero finally gets the recognition he deserves.  It begs the question "how many Peno Lella's are there whose stories remain untold?"  I sure there are countless many.<br/>I found the first couple chapters to drag on a little bit, but stuck with it because of the reviews.  It was worth the wait; once into the "meat" of the story I could not put it down.  Read this book and understand the sacrifices made by not just Peno, but so many men and women who fought and died to bring an end to Hitler's evil reign.
 A workmanlike telling of a heroic story, but it failed to move me. The characters never really came alive;  they felt a bit like cardboard stereotypes.  I appreciate all the research, etc. but I felt as if I was supposed to admire the author as well for his work. I know this is a very popular book but I'm not sure I'll climb on this particular bandwagon.
 I have read many stories about WW2. Both my parents were active. My father would talk about his time, much like Pino. My mother was a nurse who at the age of 22 was tasked with the duty of deciding which person was going to live or die. I try and read about the war to help me understand what they went thru. This book opened my eyes to a different part of the war I've never read about. Please take the time to read this marvelous story. We all can learn from it
 I was just about 10 years old during this time. I had a brother as well as two brothers in law deeply involved in the war and really knew very little of the war actions. This book really brought it all to life for me and explained a great deal of questions I have had as an adult. I would not say this was pleasurable reading but a book I couldn't put down.
 This book got me back into regular reading.  It keeps the reader's interest invested continuously chapter after chapter!  Pino is the leading character who is about to be launched into the Battle of Milan!  From the moment the bombs go off until the end of the war the action never stops!  This is based on a true character and his story.  The author carefully investigated the story and then wove an unforgetable tale of war and all it's horror and pain!  A history buff's masterpiece written for everybody!
 Love this book! Its filled with adventure and romance and kept me guessing after each chapter. Set during WWII in Italy, a young man falls in love, goes to war and experiences hardship while his homeland is taken over by Nazi Germany. This book had me laughing and crying. I normally do not like to read books that are in the point of view of a man but I really enjoyed this one. I really related to the main character and his need to do what is morally right. The main character goes through more in 3 years than what most people go through in a lifetime.
 Beneath a scarlet sky: a novel is written about a young man, a teen in the beginning. It is written well and carefully so young people can read it without the hype of lust and foul language. I appreciated it.<br/>The biggest take on it for me is that war is hell and should be avoided at all costs. Also we should not judge others, we could be so wrong.<br/>I appreciated the story because of the facts that were presented about Italy in the war.<br/>I would highly recommend this book.
 The story holds your attention, and you will want to keep reading, hoping for a certain outcome. The author takes your on one adventure after another in Pino’s war experience, leaving you holding your breath with each. It takes you inside the war experience, exposing frailties, strengths and coping mechanisms of the main characters. It has some of everything, love,tragedy, intrigue, and suspense. Thoroughly enjoyable!
 Written by a master storyteller. I felt as if I were there, in the streets of Italy, in the Alps and witnessed the horrors of war.  I couldn't help myself but think how many lessons we still have to learn and understand what really can happen if we don't find the courage to stand up to our political leaders.  It's a slippery slope and there will always be those who seem to get away with murder at every turn.  However I'm amazed at<br/>what an incredible human being is capable of. I'm left feeling hopeful.
 World War II and Milan, Italy is the setting. Based on actual facts Pino is the main character and hero. Perhaps like me you never really thought about the Jews who lived in Italy when the Nazis arrived. Pino was one of the individuals who worked to protect them. Pino grew into manhood during the war. We see the destruction and people impacted by war through his eyes. We feel the loss of love as well. The story is beautifully written by Mr. Sullivan and I thank him for filling in a void in WW  II history.
 This is a page turner if there ever was  one. It gripped me from the beginning and kept the same nail biting tension until the very end. Amazing story and even more amazing storytelling. I can't recommend it enough.
 I love to read about all the many stories of WW II.  My father was in the war and his story was a love story to be sure. This book will not disappoint. Very hard to put down and you live everything with Peno Leela .What a fascinating story about the life that he lead during and after the war. He was quite remarkable, sometimes it is hard to imagine that boys this young could be so smart and so brave and loyal. I will not ever forget this wonderful recount of Peno' s Leelas life and his remarkable journey. Amazing
 Wow! I selected this book as my May Kindle First download. I was a little uncertain about whether I would enjoy it as I am not a big fan of war stories. Mark Sullivan does a wonderful job of making everything Pino experienced come alive for the reader! Mr. Sullivan's telling of Pino's story evoked every emotion from humour to sadness, joy to despair, and pride to extreme disgust. I cannot imagine how Pino survived all his experiences and maintained his sanity. Giuseppe "Pino" Lella is an inspiration in how to persevere with God's Grace during the most horrific events.
 Wow what a fascinating world war two novel and story about fascism in Italy. The life of Pink Lella during the war and what happened to him is as fascinating and the burdens he carried from the war. A fantastic and stronger person I cannot imagine. Great retelling by the author and the accuracy is great. A must read for fans of WWII history from a first hand account.
 I chose this book as a book club read, and so glad I did. My father served as an American in WW2 and told a few stories of his journey, and like Pino was traumatized for a good part of his life sorting out the horror and truths. I think these stories are so important to all generations of all peoples in order to remember the reasons for war, and yet the unchangeable outcomes that haunt us all. The saying that I remember most often when thinking of war,  though not quoted in the book is ...”those who do not learn from the past are condemned to repeat it,”  a memorial to Auschwitz.
 Have read many books about World War II and the holocaust. Knew nothing about what went on in Italy. MY eyes were opened, and I met an amazing young daredevil named Pino who risked his life time and again to save Jews and others on the Nazis list for extermination.
 Thank goodness that Mark Sullivan resisted the urge to kill himself and go on to tell this incredible story of war and bravery. A reminder to all suicidal people that the day after you resist that urge you may go on to do your best work. In the end war comes down to greed and power perpetrated by a few charismatic psychopaths - and yet we keep doing it. Please read this book and meditate on peace.
 One of the best works of historical fiction I have ever read. This book transports your eyes and your heart to Pino Lella’s Italy as his homeland and his life is torn apart by Mussolini and Hitler. This should be made into a movie as well although this book will be a tough act to follow for any moviemaker.
 Every once in a while you get lucky and stubble across a jewel of a book. This is the one everyone should read. The story is so expertly told that I did not want to put it down. The characters in this story are compelling individuals who I loved and hated. The fact that these people are real makes their lives incredible. Do not miss the opportunity to read their experience and this author's outstanding effort.
 Wow. Probably the best Kindle First to date. I'm not sure exactly how to review this book as it has left me speechless. Riveting and heart-wrenching, this is an extremely well written WWII book. To know that the characters are not fictional characters, but real people that experienced and lived through (and died during) such turbulent times brought tears to my eyes. It's a long book, but it didn't seem that way to me - I couldn't put it down and I wasn't ready for it to end. Highly recommend!!
 Historical fiction is my favorite genre, and I have read a lot of WWII stories over the years - so perhaps I am a little burnt out on war stories at the moment.  Having said that, "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" has a very good plot and is definitely a page-turner, and I learned a lot about the Catholic church's role in helping Jews escape Hitler's forces; however, the writing and characters were a bit simplistic.  In my opinion, "All the Light We Cannot See" by Anthony Doerr, and Kristin Hannah's "The Nightingale" are very hard to beat for strong characters and great WWII novels.  This book suffer in comparison.
 This is one of the best books I have read, in historical fiction, about WW!!.  I have recommended it to two others, who also both raved about it.  It is so intense, understanding how Jewish people fleeing Italy were led across the summits of the Alps in the middle of the night into Switzerland by a brave man who knew every foothold by heart.  The characters were presented in great depth.  I felt like I was there.  I'm going to reread this book.
 This book is just amazing! I got the chance of reading it with Amazon prime early and this should be a must read if you love novels. I can see this book becoming a movie,Mark Sullivan really brings to life the story of Pino Lella who once helped the Jews escape from the German and risking his life and being hated by his friends and family because of him joining the Germans millitary but not by choice but force by his mother to be safe. I can keep going but you have to read it to really enjoy this book as much as I did or am because I haven't finished it and just order the printed copy because it's a must have anyways I really hope you enjoy the book and make a movie of it
 A time in Italy during '<br/><br/>A time in Italy during WW2,what it took to exist, to individually put your life on the line, time after time, to plot against, lose family, be true to yourself, come out the other side and try to live on. And it involves teenage boys who come of age to quickly to survive and protect their families in time of war.  Long book but definitely worth the read.
 I don't consider myself a history buff, but a book like this can make you one. The story is exciting, frightening, heart-breaking, and joyous, while never losing sight of the gravity and importance of the true story of tells. The characters in the book are heroes who would likely never have been revealed if Mark Sullivan had not done the years of research to flesh out the story. You will be changed when you finish reading this story.
 An excellent story, mostly true, of a teenage Italian boy having to deal with the German occupation  of his country. Brings to life what happened in Italy over 70 years ago, and the courageous actions of the populace that knew that Mussolini placed their country on the wrong side. Not many biographies (though somewhat fictionalized) are such exciting reads. Kudos to Mr. Sullivan.
 This book captured my attention from the first paragraph, and did not let go.  It is unimaginable that one person experienced so very much loss, but it is truly a condemnation of war.  I am glad this story has been told at last. I do realize that it has been made into a  novel, with additions as necessary, but knowing that it is based on a true (and vivid) story makes it devastating at many times.
 As the summary explains, stories about WWII experiences in Italy are hard to find from US authors. This is a story of heroism and risk under the Nazi regime. Sad, harrowing and amazing in its truth. Pino Lella is a true hero and suffered much as a result of his heroism. Untold stories about the terrible experiences and atrocities in Italy by the Nazis that we in America rarely hear. Glad Sullivan discovered this man's story and wrote it with grace and a story tellers style.
 I rarely read war stories, but this one intrigued me. I always wanted to find out what would happen next for Pino Lella and fell in love with this bright young man caught up in such appalling situations. I don't want to give any spoilers, but it has been a long time since a book hit me so hard emotionally. Thank you, Mark Sullivan, for relating the story of Italy during the war and the efforts of so many to resist and in particular the story of Pino. I highly recommend this book.
 This is one of those books you can't wait to pick up and continue not knowing the fate of the lives just trying to survive and exist.  You feel the horrors and occasional hope for a future without cruelty and war. Yet in it all there is love and hope.  Fantastic writing.  Thanks.
 This is a really well written book, and by far the best Kindle First book I've read.  It kept my attention while expressing the dilemma of good and bad, right and wrong through the life experiences of Pino. I majored in History, so I've slogged through quite a few historical books. No slogging necessary through this fascinating story of an Italian in Italy during WWII. Highly recommend this book!
 I am not quite finished but felt compelled to offer my comments. I usually only have time to read at bedtime, which nearly always means three pages and then sleep. This book keeps me reading for an hour or more and am forced to put it down so I can get some sleep.  I really like the writing style, colorful characters, mixed emotions and historical perspective. Thank you for the opportunity to read this novel!
 Wow!  Just a war story, but so beautifully written and vivid with details and emotions.  Hard to put down ... Some parts frightening and sad ... Continued reading since I knew Pino survived to share his story ... But so much to happen to one person in such a short amount of time.  War is hell.  Guessing there are/were many other similar ... Or at least as intriguing stories ... Never to be told or heard.  Happy this was written and I got to read.  Thank you to an amazing author and storyteller of an amazing tale.
 I loved everything about this amazing story of a true hero.  Our world today needs this kind of positive focus on bravery and selflessness amid confusion, anxiety and real trauma.  I was spellbound by Pino's story and grateful that it was finally told, very beautifully.
 Terrific story about a young man coming of age during WWII in Milan. Based on a true story but with dialogue, so it's considered historical fiction, the author did a great job of research to make it as factual as possible. We have a lot of books about resistance fighters and so on in other countries but this book opened new vistas into the Italian conflict.
 I loved this book...have read many WW2 books but none taking place in Italy.  I loved the main characters and the details which the author included.  I loved 5hat even though this was a novel, the research for the<br/>Historical elements were so accurate and a factual time line was followed.  The plot was so. Exciting there were places where I was on the edge of my. Seat
 Historical fiction is my favorite reading and this book did not fall short of excellence.  I love learning about the events of war, particularly from a human perspective.  So many hero's of WWII  have gone unnoticed.  I feel in this day and age it is extremely important for our current generation to understand the sacrifices people made in the name of humanity. The sexual content is not over the top descriptive (no need for that) and the violence is only the reality of war.... particularly that war.  I highly recommend this book
 A true story that reveals Nazi conditions in Italy during World War II.  A great suspense filled book that was hard to put down.  There are some sad parts to the book , but it is a true story after all.  I am reading the book again and bought and sent the book to a friend.  Knowing this is based on a true story makes this book more interesting.
 A WWII masterpiece of historical fiction that is similar in scope to Sophie's Choice...compelling and one gets so close to the characters that you are riveted to the page. Based on the true story of a heroic young Italian teenager who selflessly devotes himself to freeing victims of Nazi oppression. A must read!!!
 This is a really compelling story about a remarkable life. The writing is reasonably good but not extraordinary. Women are poorly represented, not playing a very significant part in the story. But Pino's life story is an amazing one, and I learned a great deal about Italy's experience of the Second World War.
 How is it possible there could be such an untold story as grand and intriguing as the life of Pino Lella? Mark Sullivan uncovers and traces the life of teenaged Pino into manhood as he grapples with his astounding role as a spy for the Italian resistance. While Pino emerges physically unharmed after his service, one cannot help but cry for his emotional wounds.
 For those that want an inside glimpse to a part of the war not often told, this is it. So many of the crimes against the Milanese and Nirthern Italians went unpunished....this at least tells their story and celebrates their courage! The mountain scenes and the Nessus Dormi scene held my heart...I lived it! You will love young Pino and feel what h3 feels through the beautiful writing.
 As WWII enters Italy, you will enter the lives of Italians who suffered much loss and devastation.  The story, told through the eyes of a young man trying to right the wrongs of war.  In his lust for life, he struggles to do what is right in a world turned upside down.
 Slow in the beginning but gradually gained steam as the story progressed.<br/>A moving description of a time of war, unfortunately life goes on and people are slow to defeat the throws of war.<br/>War is hell.  People are foolish to think that history does not repeat!
 Would have given it a 5 star because it was a very good read, but I wish authors and people in general would realize that using profanity adds nothing to the story or conversation and would just make reading and listening more enjoyable without having to read or listen to it.<br/>Besides that, I enjoyed the learning some bit of Italy's history during WW II and the main character's story as he lived through it.
 If half of the memories told in this book are true, it would still be an amazing story. I listened to and read on Kindle, checking my map and google earth for locations and topography. Knowing the timeline of WWII and the fact that my father was in North Africa and Italy made it all the more mesmerizing. Bravo to the writer but bravo to those brave people who did what they could to save so many from the Fascists and Nazis in those horrible times. May we be vigilant in preventing such atrocities from repeating.
 This was an insightful story and an enjoyable read! Very good research provides intricate detail that really enhances the story.  Interwoven in the story line are notations about overcoming insurmountable obstacles, finding a way when there is no way, enduring difficult times, and a reminder that we should be careful to not judge quickly and fill our hearts with hate because people are not always what they seem. Now I want to read more from this author!
 I have had curiosity about WW 2 for most of my life.  My father, although born in the USA, was raised by his maternal grandparents in Italy. He never returned and never wanted to see the devastation.<br/>This book gave me a vision of what my dad would have seen. I am grateful he didn't.<br/>I think the writer was so invested in writing this book that he captured the pain, sadness, and love with compassion and understanding.  The characters were described beautifully.
 This long overdue story is one of love, betrayal, Nazi atrocities and resilience during the Italian campaign of WWII. This novel gives us an in-depth look at the bravery and courage of one young man and his family during the occupation. I realized how little I knew about the war and the different factions that made it difficult just to survive. Great character development and this story is one that will stay with me for a long time. Hope this is made into a movie.
 Actually, I thought the narrative started slowly and awkwardly, but I'm glad I persisted. The story builds until you can't put it down. It is all the more powerful because you know it is all basically true. Undistinguished individuals accomplish remarkable deeds while even the most heroic are beset by doubts and base action. Even after the gravest tragedy recovery and a joyfilled life is possible. Finally, if you didn't hate war before you read this book, you will afterwards.
 This book offered an intriguing look into thef WWII impact on Italy.  This is not an often read saga of the World War.  The main character was a young Italian boy who through circumstances, became an important spy for the Italian Resistance.  The book is an enjoyable read although the late chapters became mundane for me.  The story is well-documented and added to other books, an interesting look at one facet of the war.  I recommend this book as it brings insight to yet another of many struggles suffered during this four plus years of a very destructive war.
 Intriguing!...Much more than expected...Captivating...How much absolute truth?..how much "novel"?...doesn't matter!..I prefer to believe..As close to true as I and the author could possibly imagine!<br/>Thank you Pina ⚘<br/>Thank you, Mark Sullivan, for your undying efforts..<br/>Well done, gentlmen...This "novel" has left me with thoughts, happenings, and mindfulness that will never leave me....
 This well written book has it all: relatable characters and an action packed story line.  Best of all, this is based on real people and real events.  This author does justice to a suspenseful story in this fictionalized recounting.  As is true in many WW II books, there is an abundance of heart break and an astonishing amount of courage displayed.  I was happy to have an Afterword, as I did want to know what had happened to the protagonist of the story.  Highly recommend this book!
 The book was written too well. The discriptions of the horrors were fascinating but also upsetting. It was a book chosen by my book club. I read the NIGTINGALE  . Sometimes the true stories are more than I want to know. Regardless the book was well written and beautifull reserched.
 I knew that there were stories of heroism by Italians who helped Jews and other refugees to escape from the Nazis, but this one is the previously unheard story of a Milanese teenager who, after a period as a guide helping refugees to cross the Alps into Switzerland and safety, became a spy driving a German general all over northern Italy.  The moments of joy and love were fewer than the moments of horror and heartbreak. A true hero. A good book.
 Nonstop intrigue during WWII Italy.  The first part of the tale takes us on a difficult climb through the Alps from Italy to Switzzerland leading Italian Jews to safety.  The author details the arduous climb making the reader be in the moment!  Subsequently, our hero,Pino, spies for the allies providing information that helped end the war.  This is a real page turner.  Readers of war stories and adventure will really enjoy this book, based on true events.
 Can't wait until the movie comes out. Originally borrowed this book, but then purchased it because there are parts I continue to review and may even read it again. In today's world of everyone reading fantasy books, this one is worth every minute of your time. If you are interested in what really happened during World War II, how the people in many of the occupied countries endured a life-struggle on a daily basis, this book is for you.
 I found this book to be riveting and very hard to put down.  It really shows how hard Italy was hit during WWII, which we don't hear much about.  You really felt like you were there, suffering with the Italians, and really "saw" how terrible conditions were..  How the courageous man the book is about managed to survive is miraculous and fascinating.  If you love history, reading about WWII, biographies, or thrillers, you have to read this book!
 What a life dear Pino led, and all of those whose lives were so affected by WWII. What a horrendous nightmare Hitler and his regime made out of life for so many people. This was a wonderfully told story of a boy who had no choice but to become a man under very frightening circumstances. At every turn of the page we saw Pino suffer one tragic loss after another. The imagery is terribly clear. An important story not to be forgotten.
 Based on a true story, this gave me insight into the war in Italy, and a moving account of one young Italian's bravery, pain, and personal conflicts caused by war. What always amazes me is how people who went through what happened in this story go on to have productive lives. Many became celebrities in their fields. Be sure to read the "Aftermath" chapter to get this perspective. The book could have used a little editing. It dragged some in the middle, but was definitely worth the read.
 I believed the events of this story are slightly embellished. It's a great story! Its a book about keeping ones faith; about losing it all and still holding on. This is also a story of tragic love. A bond so strong that exists it can never be broken. It is a story so remarkable that it is hard to believe it really happened that way. What made a lasting impression to me was how a man can be selfless, have so many challenges, and never lose faith.
 One of those rare stories that haunt me long after the last sentence. It took me from raising my fist in victory, to heart-wrenching tears. A definite keeper in my "must read again" library. Pino Lella is a true hero and I thank Mr. Sullivan for bringing his story to vibrant life.
 Overall great read! I am only halfway through the book right now but so far I have loved it.<br/><br/>My only complaint is that this is a fat book and does not easily fit in a briefcase. If you are using a backpack it will definite fit, just not in a slim briefcase.<br/><br/>Quality materials, sturdy pages, easy to read font.
 This story, set in Milan and surrounding area, gives a true first hand account of what life was like there during the War, the loves and losses, the choices one had to make day in and day out, and the tremendous risk many Italians took. Pino is a young man who quickly becomes a friend, one who the reader anguishes with as he negotiates his way through each day, doing his best to help bring the war to an end.
 .....which also has an Italy WW2 backdrop. Sullivan (author of Scarlet Sky) admits in his preface that he was in the worst place in his life when he happen-chanced to hear about this true character . It’s reflected in the fist 20% or so of his writing....but then he picks up stride, falls in with his characters and descriptions, and becomes totally immersed (and invisible) right until the end. I loved seeing his syntax and detail develop as time went by. Good read!
 This book captured me from the first pages. From start to finish, I experienced joy, laughter, sadness. That's the reason I gave it 5 stars. This book showed the devastation of Italy by Hitler.. but more importantly, it showed the strength and compassion of many who did everything they could to save the lives of countless people. I am so thankful that Pino Lela was willing and able to tell his story.. a story that was beautiful and, at times, difficult to hear. Thank you, Mark Sullivan, for telling Pino's story so well.
 Beautiful, haunting,happy, terrifying, lovely, outrageous,sad.<br/>WWII in Italy, a gorgeous country that lost so much; a heartwarming story of love, hate, destruction, betrayal.  I will never forget this story.  It is told through the eyes of an 18 year old boy. He lost so much in a short span of time. He witness what no human being should.  A must read for high school and on.  Brace yourself.
 I almost can't put into words much I love stories like this!! I feel as though I was with him his entire life. Felt his fears, happiness, love, sadness and anger right along with him. There were times when I actually gasped or sighed out loud while reading . Truly,truly enjoyed this life's journey with Pino.... I also feel an odd loss in being done...... Like losing a friend now that I won't be traveling with him each night...... Kudos ....
 Fast moving and a page turner that puts you into the scenes of the story. A well written story based on a real person, that is captivating, and connects you to the main character and his antagonist as events of wwii in Italy are described and felt. Interesting twist at the end which provides closure. Good afterward that provides summary of what happened after the end of the story.
 World War II has many tales which are uniquely different; this story is one of them.  Told through the eyes of a young Italian man, the story is one that describes the harshness and cruelties of war.  I was hooked by the end of the first page and found it hard to put the book down. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading about World War OK.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is an exploration of the Italian experience during the Second World War. I’ve consumed enough literature and movies about WWII, all of which covered Northern Europe, so this was a refreshing and special read.<br/><br/>It follows the story of the real-life Pino Lella, an usung hero of the war, who the author interviewed during the decade long research and writing of the book.<br/><br/>Personally, I found the story and writing, engaging and was fully invested in the protagonist’s journey as he guided Jews over the mountain pass to Switzerland and eventually ended up as a spy for the Allies. Sullivan, beautifully embodied the feelings - fear, confusion, hate, and romance - of a teenage boy faced with difficult choices during the war.<br/><br/>The visual details that Sullivan beautifully describes throughout the book, transport the reader to 1943 Italy. I found myself researching the places mentioned in their journey, determined to visit them when in Italy! There are emotional moments in the story where Sullivan has craftily narrated the experience of the characters by creating a mood with music and the feelings the characters associate with it. I was compelled to play the same piece of music (thank you, technology!) elevating my experience of the book threefold.<br/><br/>How close to the truth the story is, I can’t say; but if your read it as a fictional book with elements of historical relevance instead of dissecting every scene as “real or fake” you’ll thoroughly enjoy Sullivan’s work!
 I didn't think I would be able to get through another WWII story, but this is a story like no other; and I could barely put it down.  I guess truth really is stranger than fiction, but I wish this one were fiction - the truth is much too disturbing.  And, I worry that the world is descending into another dark time such as Pino lived through - a state of collective insanity.<br/><br/>Do read this book - you won't find a better treatise on the broad spectrum of human nature.
 Novel I had never heard of turned out to be a story I couldn't put down. Sometimes, I can't read about WW2 atrocities, but this story is a page-turner. It's emotional, captivating, interesting, insightful and, most of all, based on truth. The characters are real. I was surprised I knew so little about Italy in WW2. I feel privileged knowing Pino's story. Anyone who likes to be educated and intrigued at the same time will love it. Can't wait for the movie.
 Thank you to Mark for sharing the tale of Pino Lella, a truly amazing man.<br/><br/>The scope and breadth of his life, the hardships he endured and the bravery he exhibited during the war, followed by his amazing life after the war.<br/><br/>I truly feel honored to have had the privilege of reading this story. I only wish more was known about Anna, the love of Pino's life.
 The story is unbelievable!  I now am planning g a trip to Milan and surrounding areas to see the described places!!  I have read many books on German war history along with information on concentration camps, but never anything  about Italy in the war.  This was mind opening to the place of the Italians.  The book is well written and keeps you captivated throughout.  Everyone who has since read it , from my recommendation, have been unable to put it down either.  You must read this book- you will not be changed only a little!
 I'm grateful for those writers who go to extraordinary lengths to tell us stories we, as free people, need to hear about the sacrifices made to keep us so. God bless every Pino who will never be recognized, and thank you.
 I was completely entranced by Beneath A Scarlet Sky. Pino's story is nothing short of astounding. As he climbed the mountains helping others escape the Nazi's I found myself holding my breath. As he fell in love, I found myself smiling. As he witnessed atrocities my stomach turned. As he experienced great loss, I cried.  Rarely have I read a book that so beautifully conveys the human condition through the story of one very courageous young man.  I wish I could thank Pino for allowing his story to be told.
 It’s a very frustrating story because it presents very thorny situations between the main character Pino and the General. Much like a father-son relationship or a Boss-employee and then to put life or death in the situation as well. AND being a true story. The book leaves you drained. Then you a filled with awe as to what this wonderful man went through. This is what All of the people in the town,all of the Italian nation had to go through in WWII. It kept me from page to page
 This is a page-turner almost to the end.  It's the true story of an Italian teenager trying to stay alive while helping the resistance, then joining Mussolini's army &amp; serving as an Allied spy, while chauffeuring a high-level Nazi general.  Like the real life story it is, it's filled with serious questions about love, morality, good vs evil, growing into adulthood, facing one's own limitations, religion.  Knowing that it's more history than fiction made it more interesting for me.  The ending was a bit disappointing, but that's real life.
 Just when I thought I had read every good story about the heroes and spies of WWII, I stumbled upon this book and couldn't put it down. This may be one of the best stories yet, and, of course, the best stories are true stories. Read it! You won't be sorry.
 This is based on the true story of a real hero. It gives great insight into what trials and tribulations that the victims and heroes of this war had to endure and the sacrifices and ridicule that filled their lives. I highly recommend this story. I am of Italian descent and I this gave me an up-close look at what my relatives may have had to deal with during this time.
 So vividly written, so life-like. Horrifying to know that these events happened in the streets of Italy. I have read so many stories of this war, but never heard of the complicated and human savagery in Italy. Thank you Mark Sullivan for your research and excellent story telling!
 The author of  this book did a remarkable job of telling this true story like fine literary fiction.  Easy sentence seems well thought out, the story being a beautiful and also heartbreaking take of the Nazi regime in Italy.  This is a book you won't want to put down.
 I don't typically write reviews, but I was compelled to do so after reading Pino Lella's story. If you love books based on true stories then you are in for a real treat! I am not going into details as I don't want to spoil your expectations, but reading this book will make you appreciate every moment of every day a little more. Amazing story, courageous characters and a whole lot of heart in this book.
 This book was fantastic! It gave us so much history that has been forgotten!<br/>It brought tears and laughter; it brought<br/>A much better look and feel for Italy during<br/>The war. The suffering of the people, the heroism of so many people, and the way that<br/>The people tried to bring a bit of happiness<br/>Into their lives during harsh times. It was a great book!!
 This story was interesting, fascinating, and memorable!  It kept my interest and touched my heart and mind with it's tale of faith, faith challenged, love, loss, courage and life's strange movements.  I truly enjoyed it and the characters.  World War 2 is an interesting and terribly tragic tale of humans at their worst and yet some acting their best - for others' good.  Good solid read.  Highly recommend and thank you to the author for his work in writing, researching and publishing this amazing tale!
 If I could give this book 10 stars, I would! Although it’s a lengthy novel, it’s worth every single minute. I could not put this 500 page book down. I love reading historical fiction and this novel really tops them all. I was so intrigued and saddened to know that Pino Lella’s story had not been told before. A truly beautiful novel that teaches us not only a part of history but also, about ourselves. As we read this novel we learn what it is to appreciate what we have and to risk for those we love. This book has inspired me to go to Italy and visit these monumental locations. A must read!!
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky shares with its readers the story of Italy's little-known involvement in WWII. This book is based on one heroic young Italian man's true-life account of his participation in this War to save his people and Jews from the Nazis. The author took that story and created a historical fiction that is captivating, thought-provoking, emotional, eye-opening, dramatic, and compelling. A superbly written book. A must read for any lover of WWII reads.
 In the top two WWII books I've read.  Although I've read many books about WWII this was the first one I read from an Italian perspective.  It's based on the amazing true story of a young Italian hero.  Excellent.
 This story was so unexpected.  I can't believe this story, and others like it, have not been told. Pink is such an amazing person who I have no choice but to add to my "People I Admire" list. I was so drawn to Pino' s story that I felt every emotion with him. He led an amazing life and should be harolded far and wide. This is a must-read for everyone!
 What a story, what a life, what a man!  War novels are often difficult reading, but this was well told. Yes I had to put it down and come back a couple times, but I am so pleased to know of what happened in Italy and the internal conflict with sympathizers and those that fought against the Nazis. Thanks for sharing this story.
 Great book!! My only question is it  more a novel or more a true story. I understand the difference, but by the title being :A Novel is misleading. The book was well researched and several face to face interviews. I think the hero's in this book deserve the credit of this being titled :A True Story.
 Good (and in many passages, great) writing supported by the most incredible story of a young Italian boy who experienced more in two years of the war in Italy than seems possible to believe. A sobering and inspiring look based on countless true events, especially those forgotten or never revealed in the aftermath of the Italian WWII front. The writing improves as the story goes on, and each experience based on true events is more astonishing than the last. Definitely on par with other recent WWII bestsellers like All the Light, the Nightengale, and Lilac Girls - worth the read.
 This was an Amazon Prime freebie and I can honestly say this working mom was sucked in and couldn't let go of this compelling story of the amazing life led by Pino Lella. The author paints a vivid picture of the not-so-black-and-white motives of people who find themselves in the midst of a global conflict.<br/>Sullivan didn't paint Pino out to be a saint, instead exposing his human flaws and doubts for the world to see,  which is part of the brilliance of his writing.
 I read this book because of the reviews and it being an Amazon best seller. The book was good, interesting, and at times a little hard to take (war scenes). I often felt like I wanted to start something more cheerful. But I read on and I am telling you....read this book in its entirety! What a great story. Fantastic!
 What a pleasant surprise! I took advantage of the Kindle First program to receive this book, and I'm SO glad I did. Readers of Unbroken, and The Nightingale, this is your kind of story. The book follows the life of young Pino Lella during WWII in Italy, an unsung hero in a little-told chapter of one of the biggest events in history. Though Pino is only 17 at the beginning of the story, he is forced to grow up quickly and at times painfully. The characters are enchanting, the storyline is full of twists and turns (including a pretty jaw-dropping one at the end), love and life. Pino's is told with vivid clarity, and reads like a work of fiction. At times it was hard to read, but the pain and the events were real, not fantasy, and I think the least we can do as a reader is to read and be moved by them. I was truly amazed at the imagery and emotion that the author managed to convey. There were points in the book I was actually gripping my Kindle with the tension of the story, reading as fast as I could to see what happened next - the mark of a great book, in my opinion. Really, really enjoyed this one and will be recommending it to friends!
 Could not stop reading this incredible story of heroism. There is not much said about the war in Italy when reading about World War II. This is the first writing about the Italian resistance movement and what was going on. The main character is thrust into several overwhelming situations and is face to face with tragedy and danger repeatedly at a tender age. He is a true hero and one feels his intense pain as he endures events nobody should ever experience.
 This novel is a profoundly moving story of the courage of the Italian people, the Catholic clergy, and, above all, Pino Lella and his family. I wish my own Italian mother were alive to hear this story and be proud of her heritage, since she knew so little of what transpired in Italy during WWII. I'm grateful to Mark Sullivan for bringing awareness to a little known piece of history.
 This book held my interest all the way - it is based on the life of a real person, with details that make it a wonderful, telling story of war, heroism, and sadness.  At times I could not put it down, other times I was not sure I could continue for fear of the worst.  The war perspective is very different than others -you really should read this one! (And several friends are putting it on their book club's list for the month.)
 THIS BOOK SEEMED TO GIVE LIFE TO ANOTHER STORY FROM A TIME HARD TO IMAGINE, BUT ALL TOO REAL FOR SO MANY MILLIONS OF PEOPLE .HISTORY IS OFTEN FORGOTTEN, BUT PUTTING NAMES AND PLACES TO THE EVENTS HELPS.WE CAN UNDERSTAND WHY THOSE WHO LIVED THOUGH THEM JUST WANT TO PUT THESE MEMORIES AWAY AND GET ON WITH LIVING.THE STORY MOVED QUICKLY AND KEPT ME WANTING TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENED NEXT.
 The story of Pino Lella is riveting. It gives incredible insight into the Nazi occupation of Italy and the brave patriots who resisted the fascists regime that sided with Hitler on the wrong side of history. It is a story of courage, love, danger, loss, and tragedy. It is also a story of resilience and strength, a testament to the human spirit that cannot be broken even when the odds seem impossible.
 The marathon read is finished.  Honestly one of the best books I have read in years.  The heights of unselfish effort for the sake of persecuted humanity, and the depths of cruelty and hatred, all bound together in a story of great courage and survival during times of war and the inability to fight the fates as the maelstrom of events that surrounds the characters tosses them about.
 It was a compelling story, magnificently written.  My mother was from Northern Italy told me a lot about this period of time.  Therefore, I'm  familiar with the region and it was very real to me.  I was incredibly touched by what those people suffered and the atrocities committed by the oppressors.  I was amazed by Pino's courage and his clever ways to outwit his enemies.<br/>This is a book that will stay with me a long after the last page is read.
 This was an interesting story about a young man who helped Jews escape from the Gestapo in Italy---and who spied for the Italian Resistance .  There are many tragic parts to the book, but the persistence and bravery of Pino is remarkable.  The book is well-written, very descriptive of the horrors of the war and descriptive of the emotions involved.  I learned about a part of history that I  had not understood before, even though I lived through WWII as a child.
 This is a true story that seems so incredible that you find yourself thinking you are reading realky great historical fiction.  It's over 500 pages long, but i finished it in 4 days.  There was 1 section in the middle, maybe 20 pages or so, that read a little slow.  PRESS ON.  I promise, it's worth it.  This book was so great, that I gave it to my mom to read as soon as I finished it.
 Liked the book but due to the subject matter, the book was somewhat dark.  Well written with good characters. The story can't vary much from the real facts as this is based on a true story so the author was stuck with the facts and they were not always pleasant. Overall, a very good read, especially for those who like history. Just one of the many stories that is finally told.
 What a beautiful story told from a young man's perspective. The author captures his voice so well that I feel like I know this brave man and could point him out on the street. I'm so glad to hear this story told - what a great true story. I can't wait to see it on the big screen some day - or a TV series! It's well done. I've been telling all of my friends to read it.
 I am fascinated and humbled when I read about people who have lived through extraordinary circumstances. As a child I saw good and evil so clearly! Now I understand the ambiguity, complexity and confusion in real live situations. Peno had to make difficult choices during World War II in Northern Italy. He made some heroic choices and some self serving choices. I say this with compassion not judgement. How can I know my own heart and mettle never having walked in his shoes.
 I have read numerous books about lives affected by WWII.  This one is unique in that it is the unveiling of a story of the man who was still alive to tell it, and who opened the wounds of his heart to recount the harrowing atrocities of Hitler's time. It is a story of his courage in the worst of situations, and still maintain a faith in God. The author brought that story to life in a way that is emotional and should disturb us all about the inhumanity and evil nature of a time we should never forget. Congratulations to the author for writing the story.
 Reading about worn torn Italy was amazing.  This is the first book that I have  read which described the many details that the people  in Italy experienced during the Nazi take over and how the underground reacted.  It was a great story about family, resistance and a young love story.  My only negative is at times the descriptive narrative was lengthy while getting to the gist of the chapter.<br/><br/>I would definitely recommend this story as it was a tribute to those that tried to defend their homeland.
 A true story,this book is one you won't want to put down. Set In Milan ,Italy during WW II the story Is a  sweeping epic where the reader becomes so hooked that the book Is close to impossible to put down. I read it in three days and it is one of the greatest,most moving stories I have ever read.
 A historical novel, a war story, a love story...all rolled into one and one that kept me wanting to keep reading. I appreciate the author's footnote of having to embellish some of the narrative but even still, every emotion, every scenery, every incident was vivid in my imagination and had me involved in the story he was telling be it Pino's climbs through the mountains, the sounds of war, or the love he felt for Anna. A beautifully told story.
 I'm not a fast reader, but I kept turning pages to find out what was happening next.  Also, I was never much interested in history in school learning facts and dates; but when it involves personal human deep-feeling happenings, I can get very engrossed.  This novel kept me very engrossed while I was learning about some history that I didn't learn in school.  I would recommend this book to others, from high school age on up to old age.  I'm among the old age group.  This book gets five stars from me!
 This historical novel kept my attention from start to finish.  I came away with knowledge of WWII in Italy I did not have before. I also learned much about  Italian geography and the culture of Northern Italy.  Some characterizations were fairly standard, others very complicated and complex.  The book, to its credit, left me wondering about the motivations of some characters. On the other hand, while I understand a certain amount of "coincidence" is necessary to the crafting of an interesting story, there did seem to be an overabundance of these events in this narrative.  I am purchasing "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" as a gift for my grandson, who is of an age with the protagonist.
 I have never before left a review in my life, however, I feel so strongly about the message in this book that I am leaving one now. I have an emotionally stressful job and, as a result, rarely feel emotion strong enough to elicit a reaction. I'm not sure if there was a specific part of the book I connected to (more likely, it was the entire story) but I laughed, cried, and can confidently say I am changed after reading this book. If you are considering it, please read it. It is not my typical genre. In fact, I nearly gave up on it - but I soon realized I needed to read this and to be reminded how immensely fortunate I am, and how grateful I should be.
 Outstanding!  As a GI in Europe 15 years after WW II, drove from southern Germany through northern Italy many times. Mr. Sullivan's descrpition of the landscape, towns, villages, mountains, etc. is perfect -- just the way I remembered.  As a Grand Prix fan, his use of Alberto Ascari to move the plot is brilliant.  Finally, getting to know Pino, his family, loves and losses was a genuine joy.  While a true story, Mr. Sullivan created a terrific novel -- best of both worlds!  Left me wondering if the Nazi General wasn't playing both sides.  You read it and decide.  Best war novel about Italy I've ever read!
 I loved it.  Went right out and bought the hardcopy version for my mother for Mother's Day, and she's already halfway through and enjoying it immensely.  I want my son to read it as well; it reminds me of the story-telling in the novel, City of Thieves, which we all loved as well.<br/><br/>I loved learning more about how the Catholic Church during WWII worked to provide safe transport of Jews from Italy to Switzerland.  Pino's courage was just astonishing.  A must read.  I wish this could be required high school reading, rather than the crap they dish out to our kids in California schools.  Important lessons about humanity as its best and its worst - it was that good.
 I loved everything about this book. My husband  is German so I have heard many accounts of WWII from his family. As an American, I am privy to the American tale of this War. However, I came into reading this completely ignorant of the Italian experience of WWII, and felt this book represented a great span of Italian WWII perspectives. It seems well-researched, yet poetically beautiful at the same time. It is a quick, fast-paced read with a combination of love, terror, mystery, and adventure.
 I'm not sure what I expected when I chose this book,but I haven't been able to put it down.<br/>Such an interesting and compelling story.  I find it hard to believe that such atrocities can be survived and such bravery and heroism really exists.<br/>A truly astonishing story.  Can't recommend this book more highly.
 From the moment I began reading the story of Pino Lella, I could not put it down.  Impeccably written, this novel provides tremendous insight into the realities of life under the Nazi regime in Europe.  My mother was a teen about the same age as Pino in the capital of the Netherlands during the war and has shared similar stories of the atrocities committed against the citizens.  This novel went into details and descriptions just too painful for her to relate and helped to round out the story for me.  Well done, Mr. Sullivan.  I especially appreciate that you were able to obtain some answers for Mr. Lella.  Thank you for writing this book!
 Well written untold story based on true person and events. War is very sad for the lives and loves lost by those affected. Fortunately people like Pino Lella, his brother and many others fought overtly or subverty helping to defeat Hitler's armies for the benefit of all and future generations. Thank you to those who did and sacrificed so much for others to live better.
 I have read quite a few books about various aspects of WWII, but not about Italy and the Nazi occupation.  Very thought provoking book, well researched by the author.  The main character was truly a person of great courage, especially since he was a teenager during the war.  What he did and endured shaped the rest of his life.  It was difficult at times to stop reading; I wanted to know what happened next.
 A highly engaging historical novel!  Based on a true story, I was fascinated by the choices offered to Pino as a young adult. Leading refugees from Fascism through the mountains of Italy to safely, avoiding Nazi persecution as an Italian citizen - by joining the Third Reich as a driver and a spy, he made difficult, often heroic, choices. The author paints vivid pictures of Pino's family in Italy, and tragic events and situations of that time.
 This has to be one of my favorite books of all time. The story of a young man who goes through every emotion and suffers greatly during a time of true calamity. Pino Lella is truly one of the many unsung heroes of WWII. We here so much about the war in France, Russia and Germany, but little about Italy. This story gives a glimpse into the struggles of the people of Italy and especially northern Italy.
 I have read many books on the second world war and people's experiences at that time. This story is beyond amazing. Even if your not an amateur historian, as I consider myself to be, this is a must read. Deserves more than the five stars available!
 I loved the first three quarters of this book, then it became a love hate relationship. I love the overall message of this book though. Find happiness in the little things everyday. Don't take a day for granted. Change is constant and inescapable. War is hard. War is messy. It changes people forever. some questions are never answered. A good read, but hard to hear about some of the details. I know they were a reality for many people. Nobody escapes war unaffected.
 This book was so memorable - one of the best stories I've ever read!  I was unprepared for how quickly I got hooked - I couldn't put it down.  What's even more astounding is that it's a true story!  I've told all of my family and friends about it.  I can't wait for it to become a movie!
 Read this in the kindle format.  I could not put it down.  Wonderful story, very sad at times and stirred me deeply.  This is history the way it should be told. Heart breakingly real story of a young man and his family witnessing the horrible atrocities of WWII Italy.  Doing whatever they could to rage against the insanity and trying to stay human. If you enjoy history, as I do, this is a very engaging book and will not disappoint. From the Alpine crossings to driving all over Italy,to the secret romance, it hooks you and will not let go until the end, when you will feel totally spent.
 This book reads like a novel with amazing twists and turns. The author describes what appear to be every day characters but who quickly become real life heros when war descends on their town. These formerly every day people show great courage, compassion and faith in the face of the evil and devistation that befalls them. The inclusion of numerous well known historical figures with whom the main characters interact makes the book that much more compelling. The book also finally helps bring to light the plight of the Italian people at the hands of their own leaders and the Nazis who eventually replaced and marginalized them.
 Exciting and informative. A remarkable story in novel form, based on true events. Glad to have found it. It contributes to the dearth of literature about Italy and the WWII, sometimes called the 'forgotten war' on the Italian front, according to the author. Looking forward to reading another novels by this author.
 Book was recommended  to me by a close friend.  It started out slow and I wondered whether I would enjoy the story.  As it happened, I found myself riveted to it as I got further into the passage of events.  In the end, I was grateful for the opportunity to bear witness to an incredible narrative.
 I couldn’t stop reading this. Lost so much sleep. Gained so much love and admiration for this man. ❤️<br/>What insane times he witnessed and endured. And to the author.. thank you for telling his story.. for telling it so well and for teaching us this important part of history. Thank you for telling it in such an enrapturing way. Could not have been better...
 I enjoyed reading about the sacrifices made by the Italian resistance in WWII.  The real life characters were definitely human, but even though frightened at times, they bravely forged ahead with their duties.  They made sacrifices that were hair raising and saw things that no one should have to witness, yet they made them happily for their countrymen.  They endured love and loss and triumph.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book!
 I simply loved this book.  I had such an emotional response to Pino and his love Anna that I cried on the E train.  Beautiful, frightening, thrillilng and incredible all at the same time.  Do not listen to any negative critiques.  My complete respect to Pino Lella, Father Re, beautiful Anna (who will be loved forever by Pino and I hope he finds her in his afterlife) and the whole family. What bravery and compassion!  Even if this story would be only half true I am bowled over at courage of these people; the sacrifice and in the end the forgiveness. That is truly the Greatest Generation!  We are decendents of that era and should realize our birthright.
 I loved every minute that I spent on this book.  The history of Italy towards the end of the war was all new to me, and some of the stories about the cruelty of the SS did not surprise me.  This book reminded me of "Unbroken" which I also loved.  The scenes describing Mussolini are precious.  The trips over the Italian Alps were both thrilling and sobering.  The hatred for Il Duce and the Germans was not surprising....So humbling to read of real courage and determination under impossible odds.
 A novel of bravery.  In reading this book, I felt that I was in the story with Pelo.  It was emotional and heart breaking to relive this terrible time in history.  It is shameful that there are still bullies in this world.  My husband and I will be traveling to Italy at the end of this month and Milan is on our list of cities to spend time.  This book gave me such insight to the beauty of this country.  Thank you Mark Sullivan for telling the story of Pelo and his family.
 Great book to read. Lots of action, suspense and love. This is a very good, well written book with historical events tossed in. I'm not one to read war stories but this book was more than that. It was above families and loyalties and lots of dare deviling tales.
 I loved the main character, Pino (Guiseppino) Lella. As an older teen during German occupied Milan, Pino learns how to aid Jews escaping to Switzerland and becomes a part of the resistance through acting as a spy while engaged as a driver for a German general. The reader becomes involved with Pino's family and close friends, who are part of Milan's fashion industry, and learns quite a lot about the damage done to the city during the war, as well as an intimate look into the lives and deaths of ordinary and not so ordinary citizens.
 I had more interest in reading this book than watching TV. The with focus on the main character, Pino and kept the audience interest on what's to come page after page. Sharing some knowledge of the war between Germany and Italy, romance, heroism, blindness and cruelty of war, relationship with God,and testing of one's Faith, relationship and commitment to family and friends,  human actions of war and the pain, and the recovery. You will know of Pino from start to end, and glad to know of his life story. Thanks to Sullivan.
 This is the kind of story movies are made of. Almost too fantastical to believe! I must have looked up ever account and every backdrop to take myself to Pino’s memory and see in my minds eye where such events took place.  Heartbreaking, heart warming, heart wrenching again.  His life, his story...may he yet make peace. God bless you Pino!
 Historical novels are my favorite and this one did not disappoint. This is taking place in northern Italy during the last years of the war. As with any war novel there is brutality, devastation and death, but underneath it all is humanity and love. You will enjoy this book from cover to cover. Best of all, it is based on real people who lived to tell their story, at least as much as their heart could bear. The writer does an excellent job of putting it all together.
 A gripping tale of WW2 from the Italian theater.  I was quickly drawn into the characters and plot and kept reading to find out what would happen next.  The author did a fantastic job of weaving in dialog that must have been similar to the real life events described in the story.  Incorporated with photos from the author's web page of the book, I felt more like I was reading a biography than a "historical fiction" novel.  Prepare for drama, excitement, and tragedy as you read this novel.
 I'm not usually into war stories but the author is great at putting you in the main character shoes. Also you don't hear too much about Italy when you hear about World War II and it has a lot of good twists that keep the book Moving despite it being quite long. The characters are well-developed which makes it a real page-turner. I don't like buying books but once I read the demo I had to have the whole thing and was surprised by how cheap it was because I would have paid more if I had to.
 This book grabbed my interest from the beginning, had me googling operas and digging out old maps of Italy so I could visualize the areas involved. I'm fascinated by people who rise above their circumstances and Pino Lella did that and more.  The book was well researched and well written, and I'm still raving about it to friends.
 Beautifully written historical fiction set in German-occupied Italy. Both inspiring and tragic, once read, you are likely to never forget this story. Well written, poorly named; the title belies the quality of the novel (and I can never remember it).
 This book was one that I thought would be interesting but not as "page turning/can't put down" type of a book.  The story is of a boy coming of age during the war and how he found himself valuable in helping people reach their freedom and found love along the way.  We all know the story but this really helped bring life to another perspective.  I highly encourage you to read this book.
 This reviewer had never red anything by this author.  This book was offered as a Prime promotion.  The book was a wonderful surprise.  This reviewer is a history buff and this book told a story of Italy during WWII.  It is based in fact with a some fictional fill-in to close gaps in the biography of the protagonist.<br/>Good story, written to be enjoyably readable, don't miss it.
 I couldn't put this book down, and finished it in two days.  The story is so gripping, entailing the atrocities of WW2 in Italy.  Then to find out these events really happened to real people who lived it is compelling.  I would definitely recommend this book as a fascinating read.  There is a movie coming out based on this book; I'm glad I read the book first.
 Sullivan has wonderfully told a largely unknown story, of Nazi depredations in northern Italy during the Second World War. Pino Lella's harrowing, sad tale puts in context how awful it was for Italians in Milan and elsewhere to be caught between their clownish dictator, and Hitler, and the partisans who didn't bother to learn the difference. First class effort, and a great read.
 Our more than real character, Pino, had an extraordinary life of passion, depth of character, and love of God's bounties that is seldom found today.  The story of events in Italy during WW II were so very real they tore at one's heart.  The pain of loss, and anger were so very real as to result in shedding of tears.<br/><br/>All characters in this book were clearly defined in a subtle but so distinct manner as to make them seem as personal acquaintances.<br/><br/>Truly an excellent work by Mr. sullivan, a story well told.
 I adored this book and highly recommend it . Historical novels are usually not my bag, and non-fiction even less so. However this story is so compelling and the characters so engaging that I was drawn in from the beginning. The story of Italy during the last two years of WW2 as told through Pino Lello''s life was thrilling, suspenseful, harrowing, and heartbreaking . Thoughtfully written and brilliantly researched, this is a must read story of bravery and resilience.
 About 20% into this book I started thinking this would be a fascinating movie and sure enough a Google search after I finished the tale indicates a movie is on the way. The story shows the terrible events of war thru a different lens of a dashing young Italian boy growing quickly into manhood as the war engulfs him and his loved ones. Tragic yet heroic you feel his emotions as he gets caught in perilous dilemmas.
 The heroism of the second world war is fast being forgotten. Thank goodness this tale has been preserved for a new generation. Here is heroism in all its messy reality  the good guys win but they also lose. And the evil ones somehow survive and never pay for their misdeeds. Love is found — and ripped away. This is not the movies. This is real life, often ugly but also often springy majestic and filled with joy. And let no man ever romanticize war after reading this tale. No one.
 Being from Montana, the first pages caught my interest but it was the story itself that kept my interest to the finish.  It stirs emotions of fear, anger, pride, joy and sadness.  That it is based on real events makes it even more  amazing when one thinks of what the man survived.
 Not only is this book a lesson in history it is a stunning, beautiful, and sometimes tragic tale of a man who, until its writing, was lost from history. I was engaged from the first line and, sadly, when the book had to end, I actually felt a loss for never having know someone as gracious and brave as Pino Lella.
 I’m actually still thinking about Beneath the Scarlet Sky.  The author did an amazing job of painting all the villages of Italy and what all the charachters were facing during WWII.  The struggles that Pino faced and the connection with the family was a well told story<br/>I had never heard before.  It made me realize that every country had their own devastation during WWII and it was mind boggling that this person lived to tell his story through Mark Sullivan.
 Well written, interesting story about a young Italian boy who helps people escape over the mountains to Switzerland during WWII. Later he becomes a driver for one of Hitler's generals. He sees firsthand what the Nazis are doing in Italy and struggles with how he can help his countrymen without being discovered.  This book, though a novel, provides thought provoking insight about what the occupation of Italy was like to the Italian people.
 This one was a page turner and a nail biter made all the more poignant because, for the most part, it is a true story of respect for family, bravery in defense of country, and love. The fact that we get to know what happened to nearly all the characters after the war is a bonus. Pino is a man I will not soon forget and I’m glad he found a measure of happiness in his long life.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is one of the few historical fiction books that covers the Italian side of the war. I personally forget just how large of a swath WWII took of Europe. Sullivan's intimate details of those risky their lives to save others brought me into the vehicle with Pino and Gen. Leyers.<br/>Often the book went into details that seemed tedious to keep track of, but later became pertinent to building the full picture of the struggles faced by the characters.<br/><br/>Overall, the book was incredibly interesting and intriguing picture of the Italian war, and those fighting desperately to survive.
 I could not put this book down!  Beautiful,  tragic, thought-provoking, and on and on I could go.  What a tribute to those who lived, died, loved, and lost from a time so far removed, but not so far away!  Thank you,  Mr. Sullivan, for not just writing this story, but for making readers understand every feeling and conundrum that makes life...life!
 This is one of my absolute favorites! It is an awe-inspiring testament to the resilience of the human spirit. A truly unbelievable and honest account of a seemingly ordinary, faithful young man turned hero in the dire midst of World War II. I love true stories and I could not put it down. This book contains intrigue, sabotage, espionage, and yet also the unyielding passion of human relationships found even in the most devastating violence of war. It is so inspiring, I urge you to read it, the movie won’t even scratch the surface...
 I’m not normally a historical fiction fan but I kept hearing about this book so I thought why not. This was just a wonderful book that is based on a true story about a young man in Italy during World War II that becomes a driver for the right hand man of Adolph Hitler. Highly recommend to any type of book lover.
 The book is very well written and seems to strive for accuracy in recording of the many events of one person's experience of WWII in Italy.  This is the story of an awkward boy growing into a man under some extreme circumstances.  The stories are sometimes very eye opening.  The ending was a bit confusing.  It also would have helped if they had included some maps in the book so a person could get a sense of where these events actually occurred.
 Wounderful, interesting account of WW2 and the horrific experiences in Italy. One can never read enough of all the areas and individuals that lived through this tragedy to realize it really did happen, and all those who suffered. There are many today in America who are refugees who can still tell their experiences to all that will listen,but given the chance while they are still alive. Soon they will be gone. Due to current situations, are we listening, reacting?
 This is a fascinating novel about a young Italian during the last months of WWII.  I was sorry the romantic part of the story did not have a happy ending, but the book is based on a real character.  While it reads like a novel, the author did not distort the tragic event toward the end of the story.
 I enjoy reading about WWII.  However I have never read anything so intriguing as this book about the war in Italy during Mussolini's dictatorship.  The author writing is based on actual events and interviews with the actual character in the story.  It is a book I could not put down!  The location is northern Italy near the Swiss border.  You get a strong sense of how the Italians and the Catholic church supported the rescue of the Jews.  It is a worthwhile read.
 Whatever you know about WWII in Italy, you probably don't know or have not imagined anything like the adventures of Pino. Sullivan does a great job turning facts into a riveting novel. Anyone interested in history will be fascinated.
 I personally loved this book.  After finishing the book, I was curious what the one star reviewers said about it.  The main complaints were people found the story hard to believe and historically inaccurate.  Also some thought the writing was somewhat juvenile, comparing it to teen novels.  My view on the first issue is that I read it as a novel.  I don't know how accurate it is and honestly I don't care.  I wasn't reading it for a history lesson but for enjoyment.  I do understand that when you put it out there that it is based on a true story that there will be a concern for historical accuracy.  I personally wasn't concerned about that though.  As for the credibility of the story, I understand the arguments there as well - if this story is true it is quite incredible.  But this doesn't mean it is not possible.  There are many real stories that are hard to believe!  As for the writing, I liked it.  I don't enjoy authors that try to prove their intelligence with flowery words and complicated sentence structures.  I found the writing very easy to read - I don't like to work when I am reading a book for pleasure!  The bottom line is I enjoyed reading this book immensely and feel I did learn something in the process about a part of WWII you don't often hear about.
 A frightful time in history.  A young boy displays an amazing amount of bravery  without fear to  help others.<br/>An insightful  look into how horrific  the was.  It literally draws you in to point you feel the pain and loss these poor souls experienced.  So sad we humans still have not learned to love without hate.  A vivid look how bad it can get.
 I have read many novels about WWII and the Holocaust. This is one of the best. Mark Sullivan has taken the amazing story of Pino Lella's  wartime experience and made it into a story I could not put down until the last page was read. I never knew how many Italian Jews were spared because of the heroic actions of young men like Pino Lella. Sullivan pursued the facts and found out what happened to all the major characters and explains it in the Afterword. This is one of the best books I've read in a long time. It is just as good as "Unbroken" and would make a great motion picture.
 I'm a book-aholic reading 1-2 books a week.  Here are a few books that remain in my heart and mind forever and this is one of those books. Other reviews are well written and review the book very well. I just wanted to add that this book will astonish you in the tale of a remarkable - at the time - teenager. If I didn't know it was based on a true story, I would have thought this young man's courageous story would have been impossible.<br/><br/>Thanks to the author for this tremendous gift to his readers.
 As a woman born in 1945, I have always had an interest in WWII. I COULD NOT PUT THIS BOOK DOWN. While I have had a long-time interest in visiting Italy for its vineyards and France because my father's older brother lost his life there just days before the end of WORLD WAR I, I now feel compelled to make this trip. This book was riveting and a life-changing read!!!
 This is the first book that I have read that details the war from the Italian perspective. As I read through it, I didn’t realize that it is based upon the truth. I thought the last chapter was the greatest detailing what happened after the war to the participants in the atrocities that happened in Italy, and to those that tried to save their mother country
 I almost couldn't put this book down. From the first story from the author, to the notes at the end, I was transfixed by the tale of Pino Lella. I didn't think I  was going  to enjoy this when I started, but  I am amazed by the tale of this hero and the way it was  told. Well done!
 Very little is written about the Italian part of WWII . The author avoids the temptation of glossing over the horrible things that people do each other, he doesn't give the Italian people a pass on their share of atrocities. He also doesn't dwell on rape or carnage. The author allows us to see war through a thoroughly human perspective, necessary if we are to learn from history.
 Started reading it and couldn't put it down.  The story and Pino Lello  will stay with me forever.  Thanks to Mark Sullivan for going forward with his research  and sitting down with Pino so his story could be captured for all time.  We should never forget the horrors of Nazi Germany, and the absolute devastation of the war torn countries.  Mr Sullivan should be given high praise for such an incredible piece of work.  Would love to see it in movie form.  A five star bravo!!!  Do yourself a
 This is a masterpiece. Not only is the writing beyond excellent the story is so incredible I had to keep telling myself it was all true. Following the route the took taking Leyers to Austria made even cooler using Google maps! Incredible!!!!
 The author tales a life of change. We can choose how we live with the change.<br/>The rating is for how the story is told of loss,  love and grief.<br/>The choices made in our lives to carry the sadness of life or enjoy the life we are given.
 An extremely well-written and researched read and definitely not a feel-good story. War is indeed hell and happy endings are not part of this reality. Most Americans today have either forgotten or never knew  about the Nazi occupation of Italy and Mussolini's corruption at the expense of the country and its people. Although this is, in part, an historical fiction, the characters were real and the major events were all too real. The scary part is just how close Hitler came to realizing Nazi total domination of Europe. The people suffered terribly.
 This historical novel is everything it is touted up to be.  It is very rare to find novels that represent the average voice of the Italian people during WWII.  In this one, you know, respect, appreciate the folks living and working and trying to make it through these war years, the years under Nazi rule.  This is a book I can heartily refer to anyone with an interest in WWII or Italy.
 This is a very insightful read and a story that is eager to be told. Because of the difficulties the author had in gathering details, it is hard to know which parts of the story are fact vs fiction. I wish there was a better way for the author to distinquish that; As is, the reader is left to assume that parts of this book may be fiction when in reality they may be factual. What these characters lived through is truly remarkable and deserves to be exposed to the public. I highly recommend this book.
 Enjoyed reading this, was very quickly drawn into the tale.  The mountain exploits were phenomenal, the story gripping as it developed to a harrowing  conclusion.  Very well written; a genuine page-turner.<br/>And days after I finished (having then also read the author's notes of his research and interviews), I had the sinking feeling that a man who had begun honorably had fallen, and perhaps we have all been wrapped up in an apologist's tale.<br/>I don't know.  I think I admire the protagonist for his initial actions.  But I'm not sure I like who he became.
 It is challenging to imagine the bravery, the physical stamina and boldness required of Pino Lella as such a young man who accomplished and survived so much. Mark Sullivan gives us an edge of your seat, can't put it down look into the tragedies and triumphs, the horrors and sorrows of ordinary Italians under Nazi occupation. He brings to life a tragic moment in the history of mankind yet wraps it in the beauties of the Italian Alps, the exquisite architecture of old Milan and focuses our minds and hearts on the eternal values of family, faith and love.
 This Kindle First choice appealed to me because my father served in Italy during WWII. Although he was in a safe billet in Florence, behind the lines in a support position, it was interesting to me to read about the very real fighting still going on after he arrived in October 1944. Pino Lella is a very sympathetic character, and the way the plot is worked out is very satisfying (and the unfortunate developments are well enough foreshadowed that they don't come as too much of a shock).
 Amazing untold story of Milan Italy during WWII and what she suffered and survived. The bravery of a teenage boy thrust into manhood becomes a spy for the Allies while wearing a Nazi uniform driving a Nazi general for the last two years of the war. He reports the atrocities he witnessed and plans of the Nazi and fascist plans of Mousalini to his Uncle who shares this information with other resistance fighters and this goes on to save countless of lives. Throughout his time as the Generals driver he witnesses slavery, Jews being carted by railway to concentration caps, steeling of gold bars and food, horrible deaths of people unknown and those he loved.  He truly is a unsung hero.
 Thank you Mark Sullivan for writing about Pino Lalla. It may not have been listed as nonfiction, but the detail and heart behind his life is a part of history. I couldn't stop reading it.  I cried, I laughed, I remembered things my mother and her family told me about the Great Depression and WW2 in the Midwest of the US. Thank you again.
 Remarkable story of a young boy(17) who sees the horrors of war no one should have to see. The Nazis occupy Milan as the US bombards it to liberate it. Pino Lello has to decide to fight with the resistance or  the German occupiers. Beautifully written incredibly researched story will bring you from delight to tears over and over again.
 This book should be required reading for every history student. Even though I heard about the cruel and horrible acts of war in Paris and Britain, this book brought me close to the war through Pino story. I felt I was right there with him every step he took.<br/>We must never forget how cruel one man can be against another.
 This was by far the best book I’ve read to date. How anyone survived such atrocities is beyond imagination. Very well written, I became engaged right from the start. I could NOT put this book down. I learned so much through this book. I highly recommend it. You won’t be disappointed.
 What a story! And so well written.  I feel like I know Pino...I felt the excitement, the love, the sadness, the hurt, the anger, all the emotions and confusion of them as I read.  It was a hard book to put down.  Great job, Mark Sullivan.  You should be proud.  I believe Pino's faith would give God credit for placing this story in your lap at such a time as you needed it.
 I knew almost nothing about Italy’s involvement in WWII before I read this book.  I connected with the characters and felt their pain as I read this well-written book.  I rarely read books about war, so this was a particularly interesting experience.
 Without doubt the best Kindle First selection I've ever read. Should be a best-seller. Timely, fascinating, and almost unbelievable in scope. I'll bet there are many scrambling to attain the film rights. I'm so humbled at the bravery and resilience of this young man, who happily is still enjoying life in northern Italy.
 A TALE, AND EVEN IF ONLY PARTIALLY TRUE, OF THE HORRORS PEOPLE PAY FOR DUE TO COMPLEX INTERNATIONAL WORLD POLITICS. ONE SIDE WINS, one side loses,but everyone suffers.  The barbarity, hate by a maniac who could get a whole country to follow his sick beliefs MUST NEVER BE FORGOTTEN.  TRAGIC.
 I have been to several areas of Italy in the past 20 years and love the charm without really thinking about the horrible things these Italians went through during WWII. This book was amazing. As we drove through Brenner Pass, all we noticed was the incredible beauty without ever thinking about it during the war when the snow was soaked with blood and soot from gunfire and bombs. The ending was very interesting to learn about what happened to all the characters after the war. Mark Sullivan did an incredible job with his research.
 This is an incredible tale. I didn't know what to expect, but the story's acts get progressively intense, harrowing, and heart-wrenching without ever fully losing hope. The events of the last two acts are something I wont soon forget. It is incredible to think that 90% is true. I finished the book at midnight last night, but I couldn't stop my mind from mulling over Pino's life until 3 or 4am. I am thankful to have heard this man's story and grateful to the author for treating it with such obvious care.
 This was a well-narrated and incredible story.  The rescuing through the mountains was vividly described, but the chauffeur job and entanglement with the Germans was what makes this young man's life hard to believe.  It is great as a work of fiction, but to think this happened and with no fanfare and the death of so many heroes and heroines, makes me shake my head.
 After I read Unbroken by Laura Hillenbrand I developed an interest in WWII events because my father was a Navy submariner who was very reluctant to talk about the war.  While Unbroken was mainly about the Japanese aspect of the war this book covers the Nazi occupation of Milan Italy and another viewpoint of the war.  Very good read for anyone, great story.  Uplifting on one page and heartbreaking the next.
 Heartwrenching, at times hopeful, at times hopeless. This was an emotional roller coaster. I am grateful these stories are still being told because the world must never forget the details of this period in history. It will always remain relevant. Thank you, Mr. Sullivan, for investing yourself so much to bring this story into the light where it belongs.
 This is the best book I've read in ages!  I love the history and the realism as it is depicted in this book.  I never stay up until one in the morning reading, but this book was so compelling, I did.  The acknowledgements were as interesting as the book was.  There needed to be one more category in the "How would you describe the plot of this book,"  compelling.
 This book made the war in Italy come alive. Pino was an amazing young man who took great risks in helping many Jewish people escape from the Nazi terror. Then he went on to secretly help the resistance in Italy, while allowing many of those close to him condemn his actions because he was protecting them, in case his spying activities were discovered by the Nazis.
 It is ironic, sometimes in a book, it takes a while to get going.  This was no exception.  However the fact that this novel is based on historical fact is more strange than fiction.  A great read for people interested in historical novels.  A great read for people who like action in their novels.  Or just a great read.
 I usually don’t read novels.  This book was truly amazing.  The author is a genius and it is no coincidence that he was the one given the opportunity to tell this story. If you are thinking about reading this book.... just read it!  Wow!
 Unlike Maria,  Pinos'  time in the mountains were not to sing, but to guide.  He fought for his country by being in the enemy's army and spying.  He found and lost love and created a memory that will long be held by those who read his story.
 On a fishing trip to Alaska I was invited to a book club dinner  by my sister in law to discuss beneath a scarlet sky. I had finished about 70% of the book before the meeting after becoming totally involved with this adventure. I kept asking my self how much of the story could be true? My guess it is about 60% factual
 As a lover of WWII books, this ranks up with among the best. It is unreal to me what the citizens of war went through and this was even more so knowing that it was true. Pino was a remarkable young man from the time of moving Jews across the mountains into Switzerland and the time he served as a driver and spy. My heart hurt for him and what he went through. I would recommend this book to anyone who just wants a good book to read.
 This man's incredible story is just breath taking!  It will be one of those books that will forever and  ever remain  n me for as long as I live. For me this book was hard to lay down, and when I had to wait with my reading, it stayed In my thoughts,. It's a book that I  actually feel lucky to have read.
 I was very pleasantly surprised by this book.  There was joy, laughter, pain, and so many different emotions all throughout this book.  It was a if I was in the living room listening to someone tell their life story.  It was nice to read about Italy’s part in WWII because it’s rare to hear anything mentioned.  This book was well worth my time invested, and it really is a great story that points to the survivors resilience.
 I love the story from the beginning. It had me glued to it. I couldn't stop reading. The characters are so lively, with all doubts, anger, happiness, that life brings. Also all the horrors of the war the nazis brought to Italy. Such horrors had been ignored as Italy was a Nazi ally. The civil population had nothing to do with the fight.
 I didn't realize this book was like a history book.  It was a story of Italy during WWII.  I must of slept through the classes that said Italy (even if I knew about Mussolini) was attacked by the Nazis as well.  It was a very hard book for me to read.  It I s well written and sad.
 I didn’t think that any book could top "All The Light We Cannot See."  I was wrong. This author has woven a tale, true that it is, with such skill that just when you think you know what is coming, it spins you off balance right up to the last page. I have never ever read a book that lacks a few dull spots until now. I highly recommend getting the audio add on so as not to stumble over the Italian and German pronunciations. It is not an expensive option as is the case with many books. Enjoy.
 I had a hard time putting this down.  An amazing story of one young man's life in Italy during WWII.  I had never read much about the Catholic Churchs role in Italy during the war so this book had a very different perspective on that time.  A very good read that was engaging.  Highly recommend.
 At first, I didn't like the writing and thought I wouldn't like the book. I persevered and found it to be a page turner. I really felt like I was witnessing some of the things that Pino saw. I was very invested in finding out what happened next. What an amazing story that covers the war from the perspective of northern Italy.
 Incredible real life account of a young Italian eat hero, Pino Lella. There is no WW2 fiction I have read (and I have read a lot) that has come close to being as inspiring as this particular story of courage and bravery. The author did an incredible job of making the moments, emotions and characters come to life. This book will resonate with me for a very long time. And since he is still alive today at 91 years old, thank you, Pino, for your courage and for opening your heart about your love for Anna.
 The story of Italy’s Pino Lella, a real-life unsung hero of World War II, who at the tender age of seventeen, experienced the horrors of war was a “stay up all night to read” book that I will not soon forget. While Pino helped smuggle Jews over the Swiss Alps to safety then enlisted as a German soldier and became an Allied spy inside the German High Command doing whatever he could to stop the madness, the sad lesson he had to learn was that during war people sometimes have to choose self preservation and even though people commit evil acts, they are still capable of doing good and experiencing God’s forgiveness.
 I am not a fan of war stories but the Italian location intrigued this Italian American. To read the details of this man's part in WWII  was fascinating. Scenes of terr or and horror with unbelievable bravery in the face of Nazi  evil was beyond belief. This is a true story filled with fear, love and atrocities. Was impossible to put down. How can human beings act out mindless evil against their brothers and sisters while young men stood up and<br/><br/> resisted that evil
 This book is of great historical significance. I was attracted to it because the protagonist is  a real person who experienced the War first hand.  Being born in '53 and my father having been a WW2 vet, I was intrigued by its contents.<br/>I learned many things I did not know about italy during the War.  Pino's story is spine tingling and warm. The fact that Pino is still alive in his 90's is awesome.<br/>Anyone who likes a well written novel and history will surely enjoy it.
 This is a book that I was not anxious to read - it was long for a book club selection and once again, it dealt with Nazi events. I was simply on overload so I decided that I had better start early if I was going to finish by next month's meeting. Much to my surprise, I finished the book in four days . . . I could not put it down. First of all, it dealt with the war in Italy which I had not read much about; secondly, it had a main character that quickly moved into my mind and would not leave - I simply had to know what happened to him, and thirdly, it touched on the Catholic Church's involvement in helping Jews escape Italy which was something I was not aware of. It was a wonderful book and I would highly recommend it to any one who is interested in this time period and/or just enjoys a great story loosely based on fact.
 WOW! Very well written. Great narrative. Sensitive. Shed new light on the horrors and atrocities of war. How blessed we are who grew up in the USA without war within our borders.  No wonder my dad never spoke of his experiences in WWII. Images to forget not to remember.  I am grateful for the opportunity to learn more about the war and I think if these personal, first hand experiences were shared more widely the world just might learn from our past and try harder to live better lives and get along with our fellow human beings...All nation's, not only "our own" nationality or country.  Thank you Mr. Sullivan for researching and writing this account​.
 There are many heroes in this book. What makes it so amazing is that its closely based on true events that occurred during the last two years of WWII in Italy.  The authors attention to detail as well as compassion for all those involved is beautiful and heartbreaking.  A must read.
 After what I perceived to be a sluggish start, it picked up pace like a downhill locomotive. A compelling story with lots of twists and turns. That the characters were real people and were actually involved in the perils of daily life in WW II Italy is all the more intriguing.
 Having read so much history and novels about WWII I was surprised to be surprised by this true story. What people stood up for and to during this period continues to amaze me - and Pino's life In Italy during the last two years if the war is simply remarkable. As the author states, what happened in Italy is a largely untold story and while much of it was painful to learn about, I am so grateful to Mr Sullivan for putting the work in to make sure it was told.
 I loved this book beyond words I can describe!  This was written to engage and captivate the reader and instill in our minds  the ugly and hated times of when the Nazi’s were the most cruelest people inflicting crimes beyond description on their fellow men.<br/>It should be a must read for high school students so that no one ever forgets what happened during this period of history.
 To think that the heroism of Pino Lella could have never been written is as unbelievable as the story itself. How does one humbly review a novel that is so profoundly rich in all that is the best of humankind in the face of the worst of humanity? I'm in awe of everything about this, from the preface to the acknowledgement and thank Mark Sullivan for bringing this to light. Every word was a gift.
 When I realized this book had more than 500 pages, I figured I would be reading it for many days. Actually I read it in a little more than two days. I couldn't put it down! I also couldn't believe I would enjoy a war story so much but I did! After reading it, I was curious about some of the characters so I researched them. Very interesting read. Loved all 500 plus pages.
 The story is one of unbelievable courage and determination by the main character that will make you realize how blessed you are that you didn't know this kind of life.<br/>It is written so you feel the cold, hear the sounds and hold your breath.
 Whether you are a history buff, a romantic, love thrillers, or just love to curl up with a good book, there is something for you in this remarkable, true story. Others have gone into greater detail. I will only add that I have encountered few books in recent years that have been harder to put down. A stunning, heart wrenching story that is well told.
 I really enjoyed this story.  I can't help feeling that there is more to this story than the author was able to learn about the US Army role in the Italian resistance and spies within the German High Command.  Regardless, great story.  Extremely well written.
 Set in northern Italy, this book follows the life of a teenage Italian boy as World War II begins. It is based on a recent interview by an American journalist of this man. A never before told war story that I highly recommend. I have read quite a few world war II books and thought I had read enough, but cannot forget this one. I also love historical fiction and would love to see this in a movie. What a story!!
 This book was interesting right from the beginning. I was expecting a lot less action over a much longer time. Instead, I got something that was almost minute by minute. We knew of course that the protagonist would survive, but the other strong characters who didn't made it a very powerful experience. The afterword was absolutely necessary and very well written. I highly recommend this book and will look for others by the same author.
 This novel might be in the top five category of my favorites.<br/>Based in Italy during the atrocities of WW II, a young man proves that one can make a difference in the scheme of this big world.<br/>Surely many ordinary people showed bravery and took risks throughout the many wars over past history. This novel is based on the true story of one typical teen who sacrificed his youth to save as many lives as possible; yet, he could not save the life of his only true love.
 This is an amazing story!  It is unbelievable how many people were able to rise up above all the hatred and violence during WWII.  Beneath a Scarlet Sky is based on true events in Italy during the Nazi occupation of Milan of WWII.  PIno, the main character was interviewed at length by the author prior to this book's publication.  Pino was a brave, young adult who selflessly worked as a guide for Jewish refugees and later, as a spy.  His story is one of heroic acts, tragedy and triumph.
 One of the best books we have read in a while. While he lists the genre as historical fiction it is based on a true story and tries to remain true to reality.  There have been few books about the effects of WWII on the people of Italy. This one does a good job of showing how divided the people were and how they suffered.  This is a book I will read again in 6 months or so.
 I didn't know much about the plight of the Italian people during WWII.  This historical novel about a young man coming of, age during one of the most terrifying times in the history of man, is a story of courage, of love and loss .  The devastation visited on Italy by the Nazis was horrific, but Pino, the young man, constantly tests his courage and strength, and his faith in God to help those in need. Great read!  I couldn't put it down! Thanks for telling this story!
 Starts a little slow setting the scene, then grows in depth and powerful emotion building scene after scene to a tragic conclusion in the lives of real participants in WW II Italy.  Real events disclose gripping fear, forever love, and tragedies amidst the brutality and luck of war. Not quite as polished as Hemingway, but a lot like his acclaimed classic. Sharing how many of the key characters completed their lives provided a solid finish to recounting the highs and lows of the people the story involves in the reader's life. Another classic novel adorning shelves for new readers to discover. Glad I did.
 I will feel this book for a very long time. This is one of the many sides of WW II that you don't hear much about. It reminded me in many ways of the book Nightingale. Each person has their story that although may never come out for most to know, forms the rest of their lives. This is one of those stories.
 Sullivan does an excellent job in telling Pino ' s story. He draws the reader into the excitement, joy, love and sorrow of war as told through Pino ' s eyes. Through Sullivan's beautifully descriptive narration you are pulled into this enthralling book. Definitely recommend this book to all who want to find out how the Nazi regime affected the Italian people.
 I knew I had to read this as soon as I read that "Fans of All the Light We Cannot See, The Nightingale, and Unbroken will enjoy this riveting saga of history, suspense, and love."  I loved all three of those books, and this one is even better.  I loved it!  I had trouble putting it down but I wanted it to last longer so I didn't read it all at once. This is not just another war story, it is so much more!<br/><br/>One of my favorite notes I made from the book said:  "Life is change, constant change, and unless we are lucky enough to find comedy in it, change is nearly always a drama, if not a tragedy.  But after everything, and even when the skies turn scarlet and threatening, I still believe that if we are lucky enough to be alive, we must give thanks for the miracle of every moment of every day, no matter how flawed.  And we must have faith in God, and in the Universe, and in a better tomorrow, even if that faith is not always deserved."
 Very little has been written about the  struggles the Italians  suffered under the  boot heels of Nazi and Fascist oppression during WWII.  They always say truth is stranger then fiction. This is a excellent example. The courage demonstrated and the sacrifices endured to save lives and place oneself in constant danger is truly heroic!  And the ending of this will leave you wondering hoping for an answer.  Well done Mr. Sullivan!
 I am honestly FLOORED at how this has 5 stars. I never write reviews but for this, I felt compelled. This has to be the most ridiculous “true story” I have ever read, watched in a move, etc. Even if you can somehow get past the unrealistic stories, the writing is absolutely awful. I felt like I was reading something written by a 5th grader. Unbelievable how this has 5 stars and tens of thousands of reviews. I think this is because it’s an “Amazon” book because there is no other explanation. ALSO, when I first tried posting this review, I got this BS message that said I wasn’t eligible to write reviews. I screenshotted it so that when Amazon tries to delete this to block negative comments on a truly crappy book, I have proof. ANYWAY, if you love historical fiction, read We Were the Lucky Ones. AMAZING book and so brilliantly written.
 What happens to the protagonist, especially after the war, seems like a tall tale, but the author appears to have researched the history, so taking him at his word this is an incredible story well told with many incidents of what occurred in Milan and environs during WWII. It would not surprise me if this book makes the best seller list.
 Every part of this book is etched into my mind.  The author paints such a clear picture the movie in my brain will always be able to player with the details Mark has painted. I can smell the wretched death of piled bodies and see Pink guide the fleeing people over the Apps. This is a great read and gift to us all.  MEG
 The tenacity and endurance of the main character in the face of tragedy and cruelty is a testament to the human spirit.  The incomprehensible treatment of humanity during WWII and the ultimate outcome of good over evil is not over simplified in this book.  The reality of tremendous sacrifices and choices made when there truly were none is harsh and unforgettable.  Somehow it brings out the beauty of human resilience and hope for justice.
 The story itself  is so incredible that it seems impossible that it's never been told before. It is billed as historical fiction and I wonder exactly how much poetic license was taken but it's still an enjoyable read without a doubt.
 I'm glad that Pino Lella was able to put his story out before he died.  It was a remarkable, deeply moving and tragic story.  Since there are plenty of favorable reviews before mine, I won't elaborate too much about it except to say that he was almost Forrest Gump-like, where everything worked out for him and he survived all the incidents that could've ended his life.  The way the characters re-appear in his life seem quite implausible.  The highway robber at the end of the book was the same one who robbed the protagonist earlier.  Really?  Was the Italian population so small that he ran into the same people over and over again?  By that point there were so many of these fantastic coincidences that I was rolling my eyes.  I have no reason to doubt Pino's heroics, just his coincidences and his luck. This is a novel, not a fantasy.  Also, I'm not a fan of the simplistic writing style for this type of book.  For an example of a far superior writing style in WW2 fiction, look at Winter Men by Jesper Bugge Kold, which was also at one time a free Kindle book of the month.  Overall, I appreciate that this author published this as a novel instead of passing it off as a biography or memoir.  But some of the made-up details were too fake even for fiction.
 I've read several fiction and non-fiction works based on WW2 stories, but this is the first that dealt with an Italian home front story. I found this account, "based on a true story," to be captivating, engaging, and, yes, hard to put down. I'd recommend it for "young readers" too, for it will be another reminder of the savagery of the Nazi occupation of Italy, as well as the Holocaust itself, seen through the courageous life of a teenager.
 This was a truly fascinating story. I started reading the first 15 chapters a few at a time during the week and finished the rest of the book today.<br/>I feel like some of the negative reviews came from people who didn't bother to read the preface. That's my opinion anyway. Maybe they did and still didn't enjoy it, but it's important to know this is a work of fiction as Sullivan states.
 I picked this book on a wim. No idea what it held or who wrote it. But damn, is it a good read. Italy, the war, hero's and love all rolled into one book. There is no happy ending here, but a closure of several lives brought together by war. It is truly a heartbreaking story. Thank you for telling it.
 One rarely hears about the pains and struggles of Italy and its people under Mussolini, at the mercy of Germany, during WWII.  A heart-wrenching story of youth lost, young love, incredible loss and ultimate survival for one young man and his family.
 Wonderful book.  If you enjoy stories about WW11, you will find this story fascinating.  It takes place in and around Milan, Italy, so a little different from the usual WW11 books out right now.  It begins with 16 year old Pino at the beginning of the allied bombing of Milan.  The book is a true story, although the author does indicate that most of the book is from Pino's memories with no ability to verify much of what takes place.  Pino is still alive today and living with his son in California.  Our book club actually contacted the son by email and he said Pino is doing well, but living with him due to some dementia.
 This book reminds the reader of the horrors of war. The story-line keeps the reader wanting to read what happens next even though we all know the ending of WWII. The author makes you feel like you are there with his characters.
 An amazing story of war, courage, and love , masterfully written to keep you turning the pages. It brings to light the courage and sacrifice of the unsung heroes who gave so much for love of country and family. So well written I could feel the fear, determination, courage, love, and agony that Pino was experiencing as he was thrown into the ravages of war at such a young age. An inspiring story of the capability of the human spirit .<br/>Bravo!
 What an amazing and interesting book,  It is a true story about a young man unceremoniously forced to grow up, make decisions, and face horrors he couldn't understand or even imagine. It is about the WWII resistance efforts in Italy; about love, about unfairness, and about one amazing human being with an indomitable spirit. This author deserves 6 stars for the research and efforts it must have taken to write. Not to be missed.
 A well written account of the last few years of WWII. The author explains the book is a novel but based as close as possible to the story as told to him by the main character Pink Lalla. I am not a history buff but this was very well written and held my interest from start to finish.
 Fiction couldn't top the real-life exploits of this unlikely hero.  The author spins the biography like a novel and delivers delightful and gut-wrenching surprises at every turn.  I really cared for the characters, and their experiences as described in the book are still vividly with me. The ending was less than satisfactory only because this was reality, and often life is unjust.  You won't be sorry you read this book.
 This book has it all:  history, romance, action, and adventure. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I couldn't put it down! It made me want to learn m loo 're about Italian history.
 Due to a cluttered life when I began reading this novel, I read at intervals but I knew it had to be finished.  I hope other readers will stay engrossed til the end.  Reading about Milan during WWII was a great historic read.  I didn’t realize the novel was based on a true story.  Absolutely fascinating!
 I was so blown away by this book I had to write a review.  This is a book that grabs you and pulls you in front the start. I could have read it in one sitting if I stayed awake all night. It brings a part of history that we know little about to light.  Highly recommend this book.
 It was very gratifying to learn that this was a true story. The war in Italy is almost the forgotten war in terms of the story of WWII. The heroic story of Pino brought to life the devastation and desperation of the Italian people and, in particular, those of Milan. This book would make a great movie.
 I have mixed feelings about this book, and have read through countless reviews to wrap my head around my own ambivalence.  First the good -- I really liked the story, a nerve-wracking ordeal of the Holocaust in Italy told through the experiences of one young man.  Although there are spots where the narrative lags, it is generally well-written and has enough points of tension to keep it moving forward.  But... on the negative side of things...  It is impossible (and in my opinion important) to tease apart fact from fiction, and some of the incidents and details are simply too far-fetched to be believable.  Yes, the author says it's a work of fiction, but then why is it presented as mostly factual?  How accurate is the memory of Pino?  How likely is it that he fell madly in love at age 17 with someone he didn't know and who stood him up?  What are the chances that he was actually present at the killing of all of the people he loved?  Again, I get that it's fictionalized, but I had to stretch my "suspension of disbelief" more than I wanted to, and I felt like Pino told a story the way he wanted it to be told, from the perspective of an old man at the end of his life.  It also was riddled with too many improbable coincidences.  I would have preferred a journalistic telling of what is KNOWN to be true, and get rid of the heavily fictionalized narration.  It was too "hero"-ish for me, and I found the last third or so to drag.
 Another amazing story of a young man during WW II . It’s hard to believe that all the events that happen could be true if it wasn’t for Mark Sullivan’s intense research. If the readers of this book want more information regarding the outcome of many WW II criminals, read the Devil’s Chessboard which does a deep dive into the OSS and Alan Dulles.<br/>Very well written and highly recommend.
 A brutally honest and beautiful tale of one young man’s remarkable  life. How one moment in time can haunt you throughout eternity and a lost love never be forgotten even when in another lovers arms.  Get ready for an amazing read!
 This book was well written, and it exposed a segment of WWII that is often not mentioned in literature about the period.  The fact that it is used on real events and was well document made it a worthwhile read.  Much of the literature regarding the war is focused in Germany and the events that were sensational.  Those this story was not less sensational, I found it b believable and endearing.  A very good read.
 This is one of the most incredible books I have ever read.  I am a voracious reader and could hardly put this book down. it was amazing; it was so well-written the characters were so deep and so well known to me. The details were fascinating. The research was point on. The emotional stirrings were poignant.  Thank you so much for this book
 Oh! My! This is a great historical novel. I was a kid when all this was going on, and didn't read about it in the papers. We heard some of the big events, and even studied them in school... but at this level, it was invisible to us, but still so important to the people and the war effort.
 What an absolutely amazing book about Pino Lello's activities in Italy during WWII. Once I'd started reading it, I just couldn't put the book down!  It's the first time I've heard of Pino Lello and reading the book led me to find out more about this courageous man.  Mark Sullivan has done a great job of telling us Pino's story.
 One of the best reads of my life. From the first pages I was completely caught up in the vivid characters and their struggles.  Is this a historical fiction, a tragity tail, love, or suspense tail?  Yes but also an apparent accurate description of a critacal time. I continually sought outside references about places, times, and people. My conclusion, Mr Sanders did his homework before lifting his pen. He took me to the heart of who felt the inflictions of the war the most and in ways that I have never understood before.  I expereanced joys and yes I have had nightmares. Maybe this is why this stores is so important. Historical drama at it's best.  Top shelf with Tale of Two Cities by Dickens and Puzo's Godfather.
 An extraordinary story of selfless heroism. Also, a touching love story, agonizing pain, intense passions, horrible violence, tested faith, family solidarity, and deep friendships, all skillfully and beautifully told. This should become a classic among the great stories set in times of war or other conflict.
 Someone recommended this book to me and being interested in historical fiction I decided to read it.  From the opening pages of the story I couldn't put the book down.  From chapter to chapter I was anxious to read about what adventure confronted Pino and how he coped with his life situation.  It was a book that was enjoyed immensely by myself and I was surprised to learn at the end that it was based on historical fact.
 I really liked this book. It was an easy read. I’m in no way a historian, but it details a part of WW2 that many people probably don’t know about - Italy during the war. Most people think of Germany and/or France, so it was interesting to read bout Italy’s involvement. The characters in the book were all real and that was great too. As a non WW2 historian, I thought it was a great read. I think more people would be receptive to reading books about WW2 if they are novel style like this one.
 This is a story of extremes.  From the most innocent love to the most passionate.  From the warning whispers of war to the most horrific extreme atrocities.  The story is so gripping it is hard to put down..a story told flawlessly from start to finish.
 This is a great story of WWII set in northern Italy.  It covers the heroic exploits of a young Italian lad who assists Jews fleeing the murderous SS.  Later he becomes the driver for a Nazi officer.  He uses his position to gather information that is valuable to the American military.  He has one harrowing experience after another.  Woven through this story is a touching love story.  A really exciting reading experience, I recommend it highly to historical fiction fans.
 This was an amazing and compelling story. The writer describes the experiences of Pino Lella during the last few years of WW2 in Italy with care to detail and to the story. Could not put it down and felt all the pain and anxieties Pino felt at a young age. A hero in every sense of the word at a young age.
 I don't normally do reviews but I felt obligated to give Mr. Sullivan credit for keeping me riveted to this story. I have to say that it was a compelling novel / story of one man's journey through the adventure of life. It's well written and extensively researched, and gives you historical insight into Italy during WW II. It makes you feel that every single day we have is a gift that can turn terribly wrong in the blink of an eye so live each second like it will be your last, have a positive attitude, keep a smile on your face and be a friend for life. The best novel I've read in a long time. I highly recommend it.
 What a story! I am usually wary of reading another horror story about the Nazis. They often end with such sadness about what  these horrible people did. I've been to Auswitch<br/><br/>  and the holocaust museum in DC.  But this is a story of heroism and courage that was heartwarming. Thanks for telling this story.
 WWII Through the eyes of a young Italian man.  Most of us have no idea of the horror the Nazis inflicted on Israel. Jews were rounded up and sent to Auschwitz and the gas chambers. Italian citizens were conscripted for slave labor as well citizens from other conquered countries. A warm love story with a surprising ending! Bravery throughout! Good read!
 This was one of the best novels I’ve read in a long time - especially so as it is based on a true story. Pino Lello, the Italian hero about whom the book is written was a remarkable man who deserved more attention than he belatedly received. I was deeply moved by his story and of the plight of Italy at the hands of Nazi in WW II.
 One of my new favorite books. Such a great way to learn some historical facts while engaging in a well written narrative. You become so in love with the main character and his family and loves and triumphs. You start to really involve yourself in his personal struggles with the war and how he made the decisions he made throughout his life. Highly recommend.
 Reading this story through the eyes of a young man forced to grow up in turbulent times is enlightening and sad. The twists and turns will have you on the edge of your seat. Excellent writing brings this story to life. A melancholy story that leaves you understanding the silence of a veteran of ANY war.
 This is the best book I've read in a very long time. Couldn't believe it was a True story!  Kept my interest throughout the book. Learned a lot of<br/>interesting facts that I didn't know about Italy and the Nazi Regime. I cried in parts of the book.  I like books about the Nazi regime and couldn't believe it was so realistic but very different that most books I've read about the subject.  I could read it again.
 I read 50 pages and put this book aside because the writing style is so simple and unsophisticated.  It read like junior high school text.  “Unbroken” was better written.<br/><br/>But fortunately I picked it up again and started over.  It’s an amazing story the reads like non-fiction.  It gets more and more harrowing and intense.  I forgot about the writing style and was swept along to the end.<br/><br/>It’s a five star story about a five star life.
 I can't remember the last time a book made me cry. This one did; twice while reading it and so far three times after finishing it (I just finished it today and I keep thinking about it so this number may increase). What an incredible, heart-wrenching, roller coaster story that puts life in perspective. My heart goes out to Pino, and I'm glad he was able to open up after all these years and share his story. What he endured over those ~2 years is enough to break a person, and his courage is inspiring. As another reviewer said, "I wish I could read this for the first time all over again."<br/><br/>SPOILER: I'm not a religious person, but, for Pino, I hope that heaven exists and that Anna is there waiting for him.
 I wasnt aware of what happened in Italy during WW2. The personal narrative helped me understand what happens to people during a war. I couldnt put the book down. It should be made into a movie so everyone can see what happened to Italy during the war. Good luck
 I could not put this book down. The story is amazing, compelling, at times violent and sad and then romantic and sweet, and then shocking - everything that makes a great page turner.  This is a part of World War II most of us know little to nothing about which makes it especially interesting and informative.  I highly recommend it!
 I was fortunate to pick this WWII book from my free prime list. While a long read, it never lost my attention except when I needed to sleep. It deals with the beastiality of war in a very realistic way while developing the story of trying to survive it. It is a true story brilliantly told by a master storyteller.
 I could not put this book down! Love, war, tragedy, risk, faith, spying, murdering, celebration... Truth is far more fascinating than fiction.  This is one of the BEST books I've ever read.  And to think the story almost didn't get told!
 Does this book really need another 5-star review to throw atop the mountain of accolades that have already been showered on it? Probably not. Does it deserve a billion 5-star reviews? Hell yes. Best book I've read in years. If you don't read this book you are doing yourself a disservice. If you read this book and don't like it, well, you're probably a Nazi.
 I was taken into Pinos life immediately and could not let go! Well written, fast paced page turner kept be on the hook for more and more.  Even if only half is true, I felt honored to be able to have read this story.  I had written a similar biographical story about my fathers life in Poland during WW II, and wished I had written it as well as this book. Thanks for sharing this story!
 The life of Pino Lella  is fascinating . My oldest btother, Myles served in Italy during the war which and also did not talk about his experience. Reading about Pino and his family was inspiring . The devastation of Milan was horrible. Tales of the resistance and how they saved many Jews and fought the Nazis were very authentic.
 I have read a lot of World War ll history but really didn’t know much about the war in Italy. Pino and others pushed themselves to accomplish seemingly impossible tasks. The fear they lived with felt overwhelming just to read about much less experience. We sometimes gloss over the suffering of the civilians in the war but this book made it all too real. As a Christian I liked reading about how his faith sustained him through the war and the rest of his life.
 When we read about WWII it is rarely about Italy. This book gives an inside look at what the war was like there. Pino and his family survived but all paid a price. What is truly amazing is that it took so long for this story to be told. It will keep you turning the pages and on the edge of your seat. For all the atrocities of war it is a story of redemption.
 A heart-wrenching story exposing the nobility and evil of mankind.  Based during WWII, the story is of the war in Italy from the view and experiences of teenage Pino, his family, his friends and the Catholic church in Milan under the boot of the Nazis. The hero still lives and his story will bring you to your knees.  Thank you Mark Sullivan and thank you Pino.
 This book has history, action, drama, romance, horror, and so much more. It pulls at your mind, staying close to you even when you aren’t reading. The characters come alive, especially when you consider the story is true. I highly recommend this book, which was well written.
 Having an avid interest in WWII, this book caught my eye. Being from a totally different perspective, it caught my interest. I've not seen much about WWII in Italy and was completely unaware of this episode of the war. Pino is a real person and the book is based on his actual experiences. It's a wonderful reaffirmation that good people existed even during this nightmare period of man's history.
 This was the best Kindle First book I have read yet!  Set in Milan, Italy during WWII, this work of historical fiction is based on the real life experiences of young Pino Lella, an Italian who was forced by his family to join the German military and then became a spy for the Italian Resistance.  The storyline is complex and suspenseful, and the characters are well developed.  I would highly recommend it to readers who enjoy books set in WWII, suspense, or historical fiction.  It was a very enjoyable read.
 I would give it 4.5 stars if I could do half marks.  It was one of those books where you lose time.  I actually forgot to return from my lunch one day because I got so involved in the story... no kidding, walked back into my office at nearly 1:30 p.m. confused because I thought the clock couldn't possibly be right.  It had me right up until the end when I felt like the writer lost some steam and direction and subsequently, lost my attention. Because of this, I dock it a star.
 I was drawn into this story from the beginning. It is emotional, yet simplistically written. I was touched by the innocence of Pino and his unending faith and his determination to do right under extreme hardships of war and Nazi oppression. His love of Anna remained with him all his life. How many who experienced a first-hand account of WWII lived out their life like Pino and never opened up about the horrors of war through their lifetime? Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a very moving story that describes the life of innocent Italians and what they do to resist and help others when the Germans invade and occupy their country. A great historical read!
 I felt like I was transported back in time and place, living the heartache of WW2 along with Pino, the main character. I could see Italy through the vivid descriptions of Milan and the mountainous northern regions. I used many tissues as I felt the agony and losses of the characters.<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a well-researched historical novel.<br/>I will definitely be looking into more of Mark Sullivan's books.
 This book caused me to lose sleep!  I could not put it down!  There were places in the story of Pino's life in Milan/Northern Italy where I had to stop reading for fear of what could happen!<br/>A truly powerful account of someone too young to be forced to take part in a conflict in his homeland.<br/>We are truly lucky to have grown up in a time when we did not have to make the decisions that Pino had to make.
 I enjoyed the story and learned more about the Italy's experience during WWII.  I was not impressed with the writing.  The repetition, as noted by some other reviewers,  was annoying,  The dialogue between characters, sometimes forced.  I like long books, but this one caused me angst.  It should have been shorter.
 Excellent!<br/>A riveting page turner, and authentic in its detail of the final years of World War Two. Knowing that it was based one the true life of an Italian hero made it as vivid as life itself. A heart rending and courageous tale which I was unable to put down for a minute. I was left with a great sadness after reading the book. The descriptions of the carnage and inhumanity of those times made my heart cry and much stomach ache. Knowing of the many men and women who risked everything to protect their fellowman and who fought to end the madness of those times filled me with admiration and awe and hope.
 It's very hard to get me to read books these days with kids running around me all the time. But from the first page, I was captivated by the author's prose and I found myself (digitally) turning page after page after page. It's a quick, thoroughly-engaging read and definitely worth the time for people who enjoy World War II novels from unique perspectives. Loved the Italian setting and the undercurrents of tension peppered throughout the beginning. And it must be said that I'm not a fan of teen boys as protagonists, just because I usually don't jive with them, but this one was lovable to a fault, especially in his hopelessness when it came to pretty girls. I enjoyed every time he clapped his hand to his chest, declaring he was "in love". This is another great novel reminding us of the perils of war and how easily one dropped bomb wipes out beauty and innocence and destroys families.
 I've read a lot of the Prime choices for the free book each month.  They have all been ok but nothing to really give a review for in my opinion.  Beneath a Scarlet Sky has changed all of that.  What an exciting and great read it was.  I had a hard time putting it down and found myself reading late into the night.  The writing is good and fast paced.  The historical content is fairly accurate.  The character development is good also.  The fact that it is based on a true story gave it the substance it needed to carry the story.  I am not easy to please when it comes to reading just any old novel.  But this is a gem and I would recommend it highly.  I may even go back and read it again!  Thanks for the great choice this month Amazon!  Keep it up.
 Excellent read! The story of Pino Lella gripped me from beginning to end, and will probably stay with me forever. Pino's story reminded me of Forest Gump in a way. Heart wrenching, yet magical experiences with villains, heros, oppressed, elites and a beautiful housekeeper who's spirit stole his heart forever.
 Best Kindle First offering ever.  I really hope Amazon finds a way to bring this to the screen as a mini-series like Man in the High Castle.  This historical "novel" of the Italian resistance and participation in World War II through the eyes of Pino Lella is a muist read.
 This is one of the best books I've ever read! It has everything: great writing, the setting in Italy, character development, intricate plot...there were times I just couldn't put it down. At over 500 pages, and my being a slow reader, I estimated it would take me a week to finish. But in three days, I was finished, and looking for more by this author.
 By far the best book I have read this year. Amazing read, based upon one man in Italy who fought back against the invasion in many ways during WW2. This read makes one feel they are right there in Italy during the occupation by the Nazis. The heroic actions of everyday persons to resist and save lives of those targeted by the Nazis highlights the courage and the will to drive the invading armies from their country. This book is a keeper that will be read again.
 An amazing story, beautifully written...the writer transported  me into Pino's world with his family, friends, and the people caught up in WWII...every human condition is alive in this book. I would highly recommend this book to anyone... whether a student of WWII or a lover of exciting literature.
 From the first page to the end of the aftermath, this novel was riveting, a page turner, and a read-all-night story. I have to trust in the author’s research as the incredible string of events seem improbable. So many things happened to this one young man. If all are true, it was a tale worth telling and a story well told. If not true, it was still a good read.
 While I have read numerous works of historical fiction that related to WWII, this is the first I've read that was about that era in Italy. I was enlightening and engaging, though sometimes the brutality of war was very graphic.
 I was taken in on the first page!  A young man hurled into a war, risked his life almost every day and shouldered on. You will laugh and cry at the highs and lows Pino went through.  He loved deeply and felt intensely at injustice. He had great faith to do the will of God and he did with much danger to himself.<br/>This is a story you won’t forget for a long while.
 This book was well written, filling in the historical context around a story that is incredible to hear.<br/>The building sadness and emotional and physical difficulties that are described throughout this book makes you appreciate what people like Pino have suffered through in this horrible war and one can only hope that the lessons of history are not forgotten.<br/>This is a must read book in my opinion, and reminding myself that this is based on a true story amplifies it's emotional impact and the reflection that follows after reading it.
 It all really happened and it's well-written.<br/><br/>Good scenes of underground operated by ordinary and extraordinary people, and escapes over the Alps.  Sad end of women who slept with the oppressors.<br/><br/>I hope the subject of the book benefited, or his estate or surviving family did monetarily from this bestselling book too.
 A compelling and great story about a part of WW II that hasn't been written about as extensively as other parts of the war. The writer's ability to interweave true historical facts with a fictional literary story make the story a good read. It's sad and thought provoking at the same time.
 Couldn't put this down, Sullivan did an outstanding job filling in the story and bringing the characters to life. I was happily surprised to see a picture of the main character, Pino,  at the end of the book. A side note, I just finished watching "The Borgias" and there were many landmarks in the television series that were also in the book, although centuries apart. Enjoyed it immensely.
 This is a true Italian opera. Some talented person should make it so.<br/>I can relate to many of Pino's feelings. I fought , may be am still fighting my Vietnam war.<br/>I lived in Naples Italy (Lago Dr Patria) for 3 years.  I became friends with several good men who claimed to have been a part of the resistance.<br/>This dtory, like all great storys come from the heart.
 I am so glad the author picked up this incredible material and wrote the book about Pino. It amazes me how people survived that period - their perseverance and courage just leaves me breathless. I can’t recommend this book enough if you like reading about WWII.
 For book lovers, it’s satisfyingly long and well written. For history buffs and adventurers alike, it’s a fascinating tale of nearly unbelievable adventure and courage set in Northern Italy during the final, nightmarish years of WW II. For romantics, there is a searing and tragic love story.<br/>What more could you ask of a book, a story and an author?
 I found this novel really hard to put down. I learned so much about WWII in Italy that I never knew. The fact it's based on a real person is amazing. A good reminder about how devastating war can be and the incredible ways in which we survive.  The author tells a bit at the end of the story about the real man and the real events - most of this book really happened and once you read it, you'll know how amazing that is.
 This book was one of the best I have ever read. It reads like a Novel even though it is a biography. The raw emotions of it, pull at your heart while the courage described inspires. I would recommend this book to anyone!
 This historical biography is as good as it gets for the genre. The scope of the story and portrayal of events in Italy during WWII are broad. The author took on a huge undertaking and pulled off this writing feat and the real protagonist of the events depicted should be congratulated for letting this story be told.
 Impossible to love this book more.<br/>The story told here is one of the most unique stories I've read about the war.<br/>Loved every word from start to finish.<br/>Do yourself a favor and read this book!!!!!!!!!!!<br/>The highest of possible praises for this brilliant work of literary art.
 This novel really makes you appreciate all the little blessings we have that we take for granted.<br/>It was fantastically told - I couldn't put the book down.q
 Thank you for researching this painful but  achingly beautiful true story. What a tragedy it would’ve been had this story been lost forever. Too bad our schools can’t use this so that our youth can learn the tragic consequences of war. Thanks!!
 Sullivan weaves an intricate and unknown tale about the reality of WW2 effects on Italy.  It's a tale of violence, love, intrigue and courage that uncovers how one man made a difference in the Italian resistance and yet how he couldn't change the course of history that led to the slavery, bloodshed, and corruption that war brings.
 Sullivan does an excellent job of depicting this unknown story of the Nazi occupation in Milan, Italy during WWW, as told through the life of a young Italian who lived through it. Based on a true story, it proves the saying, "Truth is stranger than fiction." One adventure leads to another and it seems remarkable that the protagonist could have really participated in all these aspects of the war.  Perhaps that is why the author labeled it fiction.
 The story here is amazing. Pino's life in WWII was so adventurous and amazing that it seems like an over-the-top 100% fictional story. The fact that it is based on Pino's actual life and what he went through is simply unbelievable. Italy in WWII seems like an often neglected area and this book does an amazing job showing what it was like during the decline and fall of Mussolini and the Nazi and the liberation of Italy at the close of the war. Highly recommended.
 It took me a while to get into the story, but then I found myself totally absorbed.  Maybe it was all the mountain climbing detail that I slogged through, as I have never even attempted climbing.  But the story itself is full of twists and turns, and very well-written.  Recommended reading!
 I usually do not read war stories but decided to give this one a go. Based on a true story, this novel was a gripping tale of events in and around Milan, Italy during WWII. Well written, this story relayed the experiences of a young man and his family and friends, a gripping story of bravery and dedication to a cause.
 I listened to the superb audio version. This is an incredible true story that is masterfully written. There were parts that I wish were not part of the story but then I had to remind myself that it was true, it is real. Thankfully the story, this hard truth was told, we must not forget. Highly recommend! Five-star Gold!
 Enjoyed reading it, writing was iffy, some of it was slightly unbelievable (but I wasn't there so can't comment to that) but it did make for a good book. I learned a lot I didn't know about Italy during WW2. It made me pick up a few other books about the subject matter. I like when a book gets me interested in new topics and this one did. Overall, I recommend the book simply because the story was so interesting. Feel free to read with Google ready to go.
 I couldn't wait each day after work to be able to read more of Pino's experiences.  For me, a definite page turner.  Writing was excellent in my humble opinion
 This is an absorbing story based on the courageous activities of a very young Italian man who became a spy for the allies during World War II.  It is enlightening and heartening to know that such courage and honor exists.  I enjoyed the book although I would have preferred a little more character development to make the story more relatable.
 This account of actual people and happenings during WW2  is spellbinding.  There were times I had to stop reading because I was overwhelmed by the horror they exoerienced.  Love  is a great part of the story. I have recommended this book to my friends. I was sad to see it end but happy to read what happened to every one in the years following the war.  Best book I have read in a long time.
 This is compelling story that is beautifully written.  Once I started reading this, it was a "stay up too late because I can't put it down" book.  The intense contrasts that existed in WW2 of evil and goodness, love and hate, faith and uncertainty, are at once abundant, beautiful, tragic, and soaring.  Absolutely 5 stores.
 What a fantastic book. I really enjoy historical fiction so this was great for me. That genre is particularly good when there is a personal historic figure central to the book and Pino Lella is a great character in so many ways. This is a little known story of WWII that is well worth learning. I saw rumors of a movie later and I hope so, it should be very enjoyable.
 I was sad to get to the end of this book. I was not ready to leave the company of Pino . His bravery and strength inspired me as he struggled through one of the darkest times in history. His Faith in God, family and love are what made a survivor out of Pino. One can almost feel the heartache as the read the story unfold before them.
 I haven't read a book that I loved this much in a long, long time. Mark Sullivan has done a masterful job with this historical fiction. The characterization was spot on, and the suspense kept me turning the pages. I think that all high school students should read this account of WWII in Italy. We've all heard of England and their plight, France and other countries, but this is a story that begged to be told.
 I'm glad I read the story of Pino Lella's WWII experience. I enjoyed the mountain climbing, the daring rescue of Jews and other refugees escaping from the Nazis.<br/>What an adventure!<br/>What a romance!<br/>Disappointing that the bad guy didn't "get his", but that's life. We don't always get to see the scales balanced; that's God's territory.
 Great story of a part of WWII that has been forgotten by most historians, Italy, while other parts of Western Europe are interesting this book was fascinating for that reason.<br/><br/>Unbelievable that one man had so much happen to him in his life under German occupation and this story almost never got told.<br/><br/>Highly recommend this book to not only people interested in history but to anyone who wants to read a story of a remarkable young man who persevered during one of the darkest moments in world history.
 Incredible book. Very hard to put down. Loved reading about a unsung hero that was just an average person that took advantage of opportunities to learn skills that were so important later for survival.
 Beautifully written novel based on a true story with a ton of research behind it.  A family in Milan and their WWII experiences with shortages, Nazis, helping others, guiding Jewish families across the Alps, double agents, trains cars to extermination camps, and love. I'm usually not the biggest fan of historical novels, but this one is an extraordinary exception.
 Surely countless personal accounts of that horrific war have gone untold... how lucky are we to have this one.  Thank you Mark Sullivan for telling Pino's story so beautifully.  I have a fascination with books about this era and this one is now far and above the rest as a favorite.
 One amazing book, about one amazing Man.  A 5 Star rating even though there were a few scenes that were a little long and be-laboring. Pino goes through so many trials in his Life and is not credited for all the compassionate and great things he did in his Life to protect his beloved country and it’s people  – Italy.  Once your reading is completed, you will feel fulfilled and be more appreciative of Life and Love.
 The first part of the book, the first few chapters, seemed amaturishly written.  But I stayed with it, and I’m glad I did!  As the action progressed I had a difficult time putting the book down late into the night past my bedtime.  This is an intriguing and exciting adventure, well presented, of courageous people during the late stages of WW II in northern Italy.  That it is based upon real people and events in that time and place makes it all the more interesting.  And the ending was quite a surprise.  What a story!  Well worth the read.
 So many of the readings about the war  I have done focus on Germany. After reading Unbroken I felt like I had a line of sight into the horrors of the Pacific theater. But this book was just amazing in its illumination into the war in Italy. How tortured and strained this beautiful country was under the weight of Facism and the Nazi nightmare. Mr. Sullivan’s telling of this story is a skilled creation of thrills, chills, strains, stresses, and heart wrenching sadness and anxiety at the unavoidable injustice of the horrors of war. The Audible version was also very well done. I recommend both.
 This story had me at the edge of my seat for most of the book.  I felt like I was there.  I'm glad I didn't live during the war.  I'm not sure that I would have been as brave.  I'm thankful the author was able to find out and tell us what happened to all these different people after it was all over.  I wish that Pino Lella and Hans Leyers had been able to speak to one another after the war.  Did Leyers have a conscience, or was he setting the stage for survival?
 I holed up in my room and didn't let my boyfriend talk to me while I was finishing this book. Wept all through the end. Then made my mom, sister, mother in law and sister in law all ready this book — they all loved it too. Haven't had a story move me this much since I read A Thousand Splendid Suns. LOVE THIS BOOK SO MUCH.
 This book illuminates realities of events that occurred in Northern Italy during WWII. Through character, setting, and plot, the story develops triangulations between German fascists, the Italian resistance, and American allies. Through the eyes and account of a young adult Italian man, readers encounter high adventure, challenge, discipline, self-examination, passion, injustice, love, romance, oppression, fear, death, and extreme danger while experiencing the cruelties and evils of Hitler’s dictatorship.
 Although well written and interesting, for me this book conveyed a deep sadness and a general hopelessness.<br/>I am not sorry I read it but would not recommend it to anyone I love.<br/>Yes, many terrible things have happened in history, particularly during war time. I personally do not want to relive the feelings that we have no control over our lives and that those who strive to help others are to be rewarded with grief and darkness.
 I rarely read non-fiction. In the last 2 years, I've read only a couple. I do, however prefer books about war so when I had caught up with the Mitch Rapp series, I needed to find something else.. This book had me hooked immediately. I felt all of the emotions of Pino through the writing of the author. The hopelessness of war, the joy of family, the hope of love, faith in tomorrow, the devastation of loss....it's all in this book. I was even dreaming about this story. I would recommend this book to anyone that enjoys books about love and war. Well done Mr. Sullivan
 A touching true story of a young man who went through more than most of us can imagine before he turned 20. His life show us there is life after even the most devastating losses. We can learn much from this story.  Thanks to the author for writing this wonderful book.
 The novel took a while to get a grip over me, but by the time it got to the harrowing escapes over Bernner Pass, it was hard to put down. I could almost picture all the scenes and locations in my head, even though I’ve never been to these picturesque settings where the story unfolds.<br/><br/>My only complaint is that the writing appeared a bit sloppy in places: grammar, repetition, things like that. Wish a bit more effort had been spent on the novel to make it a classic that stands the test of time.
 Great untold story of an eighteen year old man in Italy risking his life to save others in World War II. It was fascinating to read how brave this young man was and his personal experiences during a terrible time. Very interesting to read, would recommend it to anyone wanting to learn more about history.
 Mark Sullivan's wondrous, yet  gripping yarn about real-life Italian World War II  hero, "Pino" Lella, catches your attention, and maintains it as the story moves from the  city of Milan to the Swiss/Italian Alps, from work rescuing Jews from the Third  Reich, to Pino 's  great love interest, to working as a spy underneath  the nose  of a  Nazi general!  Exciting story that you will not want to miss!!
 From the lips and heart of a young man who lived through the most horrifying years in Italy’s long history, this is history of how he survived WWII, loving the people living in his heart and hating those who did evil to him,his family and friends, his beloved and to his country and its citizens.  A page turner excellently written.
 This historic tale of trauma, love, and tragedy, made me thankful to have lived in a more stable place and  time. My father was stationed briefly in Italy as WWII came to a close. He would not speak of his time there. The experiences  described make us all know that we can never escape the choices we make as we pass through life.
 In line with "All The Light We Can Not See"<br/>But this is a true story of an amazing life well lived!<br/>As you read, I recommend using Google Images to search the places that are mentioned.<br/>This amazing story will stay with you!!
 Well told true  story about a young man in Italy during WWII. Initially he saved the lives of many Jews by guiding them over alpine passes into Switzerland. Then he acted as spy for the resistance while employed as a chauffeur for a Nazi General.  He had to watch unspeakable atrocities by the Germans. He made it out alive, pursued an interesting life, partially as ski instructor in America and never talked about the war, until he was in his late seventies and opened up to a writer about his experiences.
 This is a well-written and fascinating book about a French boy who becomes a hero during WWII, but not in a conventional way. I've read many, many books on WWII (both non-fiction and historical fiction) and this is one of my favorites. Riveting story with well-developed characters and much emotion.
 One of the best books I have read in a long, long time.  Once you open this book and read the first chapter, you will not want to put it down.  All through Pino's ordeals, I wondered how a boy of 17 could endure the hardships and terrors he was subjected to.<br/>Very well worth your time to read and learn what some of our allies went through during WW2.
 It is  very difficult to write a novel that reads like a true story or a true story that is as readable as a novel. This book is the most captivating  piece of work that I’ve read in a very long time. At once a coming of age story, a graphic adventure and a piece of World War history  Beneath a Scarlet Sky personalized the last days of the war in Italy through the eyes of a young, naive yet brave and mature teenage hero.. Read it!
 When I began reading I missed the fact that this was a true story. Throughout the book I found myself wishing the main character were real as he showed such fortitude and altruism thoughout the story. The world would be a better place if there were people like him. When I came to the end and discovered he was, indeed, a real person and this book was based on actual events I was torn in my emotions. I was thrilled that this person did exist and exhibit his compassion in such heroic ways. I was devastated for him and humanity that he had to endure such events. Somehow he could find moments of joy even in the most dire circumstances. You should absolutely take this journey through his eyes. Learn from what he saw and be grateful for his actions.
 Although sometimes heart wrenching @ Times, I found it hard to put down, a wonderful account of history during W.W. 2 in Italy - I loved the passion the main character exhibited as he strove to deal with his own daemons in his fight for survival.<br/>Thank you Mark for enlightening me as to what part the Italians played during this horrendous time.
 The writing started at an elementary level but improved once the story was under way. Stick with it. The beginning was a little difficult to get through with the Italian names and places but I really got into it and wanted to find out the ending.
 I got this book thru Amazon on their recommendation , it is a thrilling war story that is an interest of mine. It it's extremely captivating and a page turner. It wasn't until I read the end credits that I realized it was a true story. Then I appreciated the book even more. What a thriller. Thank you Amazon.
 This book was so well written and kept you moving through it from the beginning.  The story was fascinating and more so because it was based on a true story.  Pino was a wonderful,  genuine,  sincere character and the way Sullivan was able to portray his experiences and emotions rang so true throughout.  It was an emotional roller coaster and without revealing too much I just wish there could have been more information on General Leyers' role or interaction with the Americans at the end.  The story is still with me days after finishing the book. Beautiful descriptions of the mountains and scenery around the area of Italy where it takes place. Definitely recommend this book for those who love history, adventure and romance.
 I am stunned by the life of Pino and all he and thousands and thousands endured during this grotesque war. I’m equally impressed at the author’s ability to place us there through his writing. If you are a history buff, especially of that era, this will not disappoint, nor will it disappoint those with a passion for thrillers. I cannot recommend this historical novel enough.
 For many years I had cast reading aside until just recently. I was given the opportunity to read Mark's book about young Pino Lella. I had no idea what to expect nor was I sure that I would finish this book. Well I am very glad I did. A story about a young man in pursuit of life, love, and happiness who never hesitated to sacrifice his life for those in need. This book was life changing. It has allowed me to step back and realize the good in a world of hurt. It has allowed me to chase after happiness in the present without ever thinking twice about doing good. Thank you Mark for a wonderful story and Pino, thank you for allowing your story to be told.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  I am always conscious that the characters actions and motivations come from the author's imagination and read with that in mind.  None of us truly know how we will act in war times.  I loved reading about "real people" and real actions.  That said, I have a touch of skepticism that the general really existed, since there is no information about him to be found on the web other than references to the book.  Nevertheless, I never found myself questioning the actions of the characters and finding them unlikely or fantastical.  Worth reading
 This is one of those rare books that you won’t forget long after finishing. You’ve read thousands of reviews already. Suffice it to say, this is one of the best books I’ve read, and maybe my favorite of all time. It was good to read about a real hero given our current state of affairs these days. I highly recommend reading this book. You won’t be disappointed.
 I selected this book as one of the monthly selections from Amazon Prime. I am so happy I did. This is a wonderful story about Italy during the later years of World War II. I am Italian and knew very little about this dimension of the war because my mother did not want to talk about it. Pino Lella's story is remarkable and the author did a wonderful job crafting the narrative. It was a page turner.
 I give this book the highest rating .  This makes me know how blessed we are in this land of America not to have gone through the horrors of war such as this man endured.  Putting this story together is genius and I suspect one would be haunted by memories forever.  This story should be good and it has been told well.
 This novel is based on a compelling story. Unfortunately, much of it is written in the fashion of an early adolescent book. It often descends into the downright trite realm.<br/><br/>The "Afterword", however, recounting the post-WW II lives of the principal characters, is very well done.<br/><br/>It all is a long read and I'm not sure I'd recommend taking the time required to work your way through it.
 I struggled to get through the book initially, but after a 100 pages or so I couldn't put it down. Finding it Unbelievable at first, then his silence when his love is cut down makes it all too real. I felt nothing but pain for Pino. One of the best written books I have ever read, along with a very dynamic story.
 Must read if interested in history.  The characters just seem to come alive and you find yourself cheering for them and unfortunately crying for them as well.  Highly recommended.
 This book was a very interesting book that falls into historical fiction rather a biography or non-fiction book for technical rather than practical reasons.  This is a very thorough account of WW II Milan and the struggles under Nazi rule.  The stories account for displaced and war torn people.  There is a lifetime of stories in each chapter that keep you wondering what could possible happen next.
 Amazing book with a plot line made only better because it is based on a true story during events that changed the world. Not a typical WWII book and only better because of it. You'll laugh, you'll cry, and you'll wonder how anyone survived the war but especially Pino Lella.
 This book is based on the life of a remarkable man.  The narrative is well done; I especially appreciated the descriptions of trekking in difficult mountain terrain having experienced the same in the North Cascades and Olympics in my youth.  A good. quick read for summer.
 This book has something for everything. War, crime, loss, love, resilience, luck, courage. I could go on and on...<br/>I am not sure when I’m going to read another book as good as this one. And even as Mark Sullivan recaps and provides updates at the end, we read that Pino’s life after the war continued to be amazing. I believe Pino will find his Anna in Heaven someday.
 I really liked this book.  I have read a lot of world war.'ll novels because I was growing up during that time.  I think this is my first that took place in Italy and that is what made this story so interesting.  I definitely recommend it.  I would give it five stars<br/>.I will read another  book by this author..<br/><br/>Dodie Wooldridge
 This book was historically accurate throughout. As a matter of fact I had read another book regarding priests in Italy hiding and helping Italian Jews to escape and this book cited many of the same incidents as that book. The book is also well-written and has drama to it without going overboard with it. The horrific facts of WWII Italy are enough. This is a true story as well so it makes it all the more interesting.
 This was a Kindle First selection for me and I think it may be my favorite. I don’t have a ton of time to read these days but I found myself making time to find out what would happen in this perfectly written story. Historical fiction based on the true story of a young Italian man at the end of WWII. If you like history, spy novels or a beautifully written love story, this would be a great book for you and I would recommend it for teenagers to the Greatest generation. It’s a timeless story.
 I loved this book very much.  So much has already been written that I will only make one comment.  Mark Sullivan had a very detailed afterward to explain what happened to the characters in the story.  Mark did explain that this is a work of fiction based on real characters.  I guess I would like to know if any of the incidents are fictionalized?  I understand that he had to create dialogue and some actions to sustain the narrative.  But were all of the major incidents real?
 This took me a little longer to read (a book club book may have been read in the midst of this one..), but it was such a worthwhile read. What a heartbreakingly true story of a young mans experience during WWII.<br/><br/>It's very well written, engaging and honestly astounding. What an amazing life Pino Lella lead and how many others he touched and helped. His story is truly touching and inspiring. His resilience in the face of such horrors and heart break and his bravery come through clearly in the book. I am so glad this story was told.
 I would recommend this book to anyone who knows or knew someone touched by this war. I was born right after the war and I’ve heard a few stories about my father being in Germany when the war ended, drinking celebratory champagne from buckets. In conversations nor in school did I ever learn anything about the Italian Resistance. This story was remarkable in so many ways! Loved it.
 Mark's detailed development of his chosen characters came very much to life for me through their experiences of life and love.  In the end it actually was a bit of a surprise to find the tale to be revealed as based on real occurrences of the past and many lives lived.  The progression of a special man and the gradual growth and blessings of a life well lived in a gripping time in history....
 The book recounts the true story of Pino Luella, a young Italian man who, during WW2, helped to smuggle Jews into Switzerland, and later became a spy the Italian resistance and the Allies. An adventure story, a love story, and a character study all in one, this book will take your breath away. It may not be the most wonderful writing you’ll ever read, but it is surely a story that will stick with you.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time. I learned a lot about World War II in Italy and came to greatly admire the protagonist - a real hero.  The book is very well researched and written and a pleasure to read despite the sometimes depressing content. Mr. Sullivan does a great job of telling this true story of the heroism of Pino Lella, a young Italian teenager who when faced with the Nazi atrocities matured rapidly from a typical carefree young person into a man to be exceedingly admired and respected.
 An exciting, and unpredictable story. Being based on a true story, the story line does not follow what might be assumed. And the tale it tells, near the end of WWII in Italy, wasn't as familiar to me as the same period in France and the Pacific. The authors description of the intrigue and action is quite good; those of the romantic scenes seem less well-developed.
 This was one of those books that I just couldn't put down.  From page one it captures your imagination and you can really feel and see what Pino goes through. For someone so young he is so brave and doesn't question what is being asked of him.  The book captures all of the emotions and feelings so well.  I look forward to reading more books by Mark Sullivan.
 The telling of Pino Lella’s experience in WWII and the German occupation of Italy is both captivating and heart wrenching. I found myself wanting to keep reading, but needing time to reflect about the tragedies of war. What is so remarkable about Pino Lella’s wartime experience is how many principal figures he came into contact with. His story was told brilliantly, “con smania”.  Well done!
 It was a very good book.  I thought there was a bit too much detail in some parts that would have made the pace move faster but once you get through those short areas it is easy to continue reading.  It is especially touching that it is based on a true story. Would definitely recommend reading!
 One of the best books I've read this year, a riveting book that was hard to put down. The author has captured a special story of Italy during WWII, much of Italy's involvement in WWII I had never realized before. The story is told through the eyes of a teenager (Pino), who turns into a man and become a hero in the war against the occupying Germans. A great story of human struggle and triumph in one of the darkest periods of history. Highly recommended.
 I have had this on my Kindle since April.  Decided to give it a try on Saturday.  It's Tuesday and I have finished it!  My father was an American soldier in Italy during this time.  He never spoke about what he saw.  Now I know why.  I wish he was still alive to discuss this book with him.
 Great book. I have never read a book about only Italy during the war, and this was very enlightening. A wonderful hero, a fascinating plot, a true story well written.  What more could a reader ask for?
 I loved this book and can’t wait to see it when it becomes a movie! It’s inspirational, riveting, and the history told is amazing. The first part is a little slow, but necessary to get to know the characters and setting... then it turns into an exciting page turner. I highly recommend this book!
 Anyone who has visited Milan will appreciate the references to the city and surrounding areas.  This heart-wrenching story takes you back to the war, how people tried to survive in spite of the horrors of Hitler and Mussollini.  Young men had to grow up quickly.  Risks were always present; bravery in the face of fear meant they lived another day.  Pino Lella`s life could not have been predicted,  the reader is carried along with him as he accepts unbelievable challenges.  This is a truly gripping story.
 This novel was an emotional and hard to put down story for me.It left me with sadness and a heartache for Pino and so many people who suffered during Hitler's evil and horrendous period.Mark Sullivan did a great writing job. Hopefully, people will never forget this terrible piece of history.
 This book is a very well researched and extremely detailed real account of a young man's experiences during WWII in Italy. I loved every page; every word. What attracted me to the book/subject was that it's a WWII account that doesn't take place in Germany. What hooked me so much was all the detail and twists in the story. And at the end I found out it was all true. This author must have taken years, maybe decades, to research and write Pino's story. I will be reading this again, to soak it all up some more. Highly recommend.
 This is a really terrific and inspiring story.  I learned a lot about WWII in Milan, Italy and the story is incredible.  Highly recommend this one.  It moves right along and you really care about this guy.  My husband read it first and recommended it highly as well.
 It was a very informative novel/non-fiction combination, about a part of WWII that does not usually get much attention from historians, compared to other time frames and fronts.The author had to piece fiction with fact.This is always very difficult to do and the effort was successful in that the story line was coherent and did not become just a factual historical product..
 Engaging, I felt drawn into the place and time (WWII Italy: a 16 y/o boy's story) ;an amazing tale of how to survive an unreal situation (Nazi "occupation") . I was so surprised to realize that these book characters were real people and the story was basically a biography!  Amazing to know real, average folk found their way in unreal circumstances. Loved it. It was a page turner.
 Not enough  is written about Italy during WW2. My mother served there as a WAC and I've heard her stories but they are from a totally different perspective. I think anyone who reads the book will glean a lot about the Italians and also what it takes to be courageous and care about others. Sacrifice is something most of us today don't understand at the level and Pino and his family sacrificed. War truly is hell.
 This is the first book I’ve read about the Italian experience in WW11 , it’s a fascinating story of a courageous young man, quite unbelievable to imagine that one person could have had so many incredible encounters.This book is well written and I found it hard to put down
 Excellently written.  Kept my interest throughout.  There are parts to smile &amp; laugh, but there are some very gut wrenching chapters as well.  I found the main character, Pino Lella, an inspiration, and I thank the author for clearly bringing that out.  Pino's story should have been told a long time ago.  The book was great, and it would make a great movie!
 Very descriptive and personal remembrance of how a young Italian man helped people escape from Nazis through climbing Dolomites into Switzerland. Subsequently, he became the driver of a Nazi and was able to pass on information to help the Allied cause. Death of friends and family crush him but also spur his resolve to help to the point of putting his life in danger. He sees far too much death and wanton killings. This story was hard to set down so that I might get rest.
 Based on a true story, this is a moving account of the last years, months, and days before and immediately after the end of the war in and around Milan, Italy. This story is based upon the experiences of the driver of one of Hitler's right hand men (as described in the book), who was stationed in Italy. The book begins a little slowly (and I came close to just putting it down), but gets better as the reader gets caught up in the story. Four stars for this book... it held my interest but it isn't a book I would read again.
 This is undoubtedly one of the best books I've ever read. I didn't want the book to end , I wanted the story to end .....and it did. War, faith, family, love and a true story. I'm so thankful mark Sullivan literally stumbled onto this incredible account. I plan on reading it again.
 Amazing, well-written fictionalized account of a true story about a young hero, true love, and humanity in Milan, Italy during WWII.  This is a must read and is one of the best books I've read.  The story will stay with you.
 Fascinating historical novel about Italy during World War ll. Really enjoyed the story, but found it a little slow starting. Also, the ending was not what I expected; it just seemed like a let down. That’s the reason for the 4 stars. Also, did not find closure with the Nazi general Leyers.
 Young boys are boys until they meet either love or war. It's love or war who forges a boy into a man. And, in this beautiful novel, Pino, just a boy, meets both at almost the same time. Before his love, he's only a dreamer. And before the war he's just a boy.<br/><br/>After meeting both love and war he becomes a real man, whose dreams are cut short and boyhood is just a memory.
 A must read.  A coming of age story in amidst the horror of WWII in Italy.  Incredible - Incredible - Incredible.  Make a great movie.  I understand why the people who really suffered through that war have been slow to talk about what they experienced.  Thank you to all that played a role in the telling of this very moving story.
 The book is written as if you are in Italy seeing Milan, the Alps, the various places.<br/>The characters are developed so that you can almost see them.<br/>I wish there were photos of the people and places Sullivan wrote about to describe the setting.<br/>There are many twists and turns,  an almost predictable  tragedy near the end, then delicious twist that lets the reader relax to conclude this adventure.
 I have read many books about WWII but never one about Italy. I loved being with Pino as he matured. and became a strong man but still was such a sensitive soul. This book was hard to put down, a fantastic read well worth your time! His life was worthy of a book and I hope that this is turned into an epic movie ( if done right).
 This  story of Pino and his adventure as a young Italian spy and driver for one of Hitler's top generals will keep the reader spellbound.  A very good tale  ,though a novel,  apparently based on facts.  I liked this very much, a fast read, and highly recommend this book.
 Great Book. Lots of action. Easy to read. Based on a real life story.<br/>It is set on the last days of WWII in northern Italy. It tells details on how thing were at the end of the war as well as the reactions that arose after the allied defeated the nazis in the region. Interesting chronicles of some not well known episodes from the great war.<br/>Read this book
 Simply one of the best books I've ever read. Was really skeptical as it sounded like a sappy WWII love story, but I trusted the other reviewers and read it anyway. I'm glad I did!! Be forewarned, its an emotional roller coaster. In between plane rides and airport layovers, I read the entire book in one day. Can't recommend enough! Must read.
 The story of Pino Lella and what he accomplished during WWII in Italy is astonishing. The best part is that it's true! The author crafts Pino's story with finesse, making it a book you cannot put down. Pino Lella has lead a fascinating life and I am grateful to Mr. Sullivan and his research team for documenting this part of history.
 Very good historical read with a nicely done story line connected to true events. The author did a fine job of keeping my interest &amp; I learned a lot about the civilian resistance situation in Italy during WW2 which is seldom told. A few of the hiking/guide sections of the story were a little drawn out &amp; could have been cut down a bit, but overall a worthwhile investment in reading time! It’s so amazing what the human spirit can survive and overcome.
 Breathtaking and full of raw emotion.  A Each page is full of vivid imagery the reader can feel the cold, hear the gunfire, and smell the air.  An insightful glimpse into a piece of history and the lives of brave, resourceful, loving men and women who survived its horror.
 The author was able bring this time In history to life.  One can only imagine the confusion and feelings that each individual must have lived. This author brought Pino to life so that all of us could  understand what this experience does everho e in one way or another.  Mark SULLIVAN IS VERY BLESSED to be able to write in so meaniful a way .
 This was a book I could hardly put down. It was a story of young Italian boy who became a man growing up to play a part in defeating Nazi Germany. Life seemed to accidentally land him in jobs where he helped Jews escape and later spied on one of Hitler's most powerful men. He helped the Allies win eventually and saw his beloved country free from atrocity. He deeply loved a woman whom he could not save from those seeking revenge on any who had ties to the Nazis. The ending is  a surprise.
 This is perhaps the best book I've ever read.  It's an incredible story that is re-told brilliantly.  It's a thought-provoking, suspenseful, action-packed tale of a subject matter that we would do well to remember, however painful the events may be (and they are truly painful.)<br/><br/>Highly, highly recommend this book, even if it's outside your preferred genre.
 This story enlightened me about the many roles people played in order to win the War and overtake the German Troops.  It was sad but it had it had joyful moments at times.I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I felt  the driver's escapes in the fiat were  extreme.
 This is the perfect book to read throughout a few weeks... There were some slow parts in the beginning but I was so taken by Pino's personality I kept coming back to read through... Although once he became the driver I couldn't put it down.. I have recently become very interested in reading historical nove!s, and this one being based on a true story, completely won my heart. You can feel Pino's emotions through everything he encounters. I would definitely recommend. Five stars.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky provides another perspective of WW2. Like Sarah’s Key, this takes us to a country outside of Germany, providing the reader a glimpse into how countries tried to help people suffering through war times and into the tragedies that affected neighboring countries. The main character is brave, like-able, and charismatic, but his story, at times, borders on the unbelievable. An adept mountain climber in the Alps, expert driver, a great lover at 18, AND a boogie woogie piano player?? It’s a bit much but still fun to read.  If you liked The Diary of Ann Frank and Sarah’s Key, you’ll like this.
 This was all the more compelling because it is based on a true story.  At times it is happy, but many times tragic and heartbreaking.  There were several times through the narrative that I didn’t think I could finish, but I persevered and I’m glad I did.  This part of history should never be forgotten.
 This was a Kindle First and the best one I've chosen in many months. The Italian part of WW11 was a mystery to me. It seemed to be a forgotten part and the little I read about it was confusing. This first hand account is a novel but is well written and sticks to the facts as much as is possible. It's an exciting account of the nazi occupation, the resistance, and Mussolini's decay. Exciting and a very personal account. I highly recommend it.
 I enjoy reading stories set in a historic time and this one lived up to my expectations. It was well written, the detail was enough to put you in the moment but not so much as to make you want to put it down. The characters were rich and real and some of them make you hope you could be so decent and selfless in such trying circumstances. Yet none was without warts and scars which made you love them even more. The pace of the book is often frantic just as a war might be and it propels you forward to see what turn is coming. I wouldn't change a thing about this book.
 I am an avid reader and Beneath a Scarlet Sky is one of the most compelling books I have read. The story of Pino Lella needed to be told to the world. Thank you, thank you Mark Sullivan for writing this. I truly believe the circumstances under which this book came about are far beyond “coincidence”.<br/>I bought this book on a whim. The title stood out and I am so glad I listened. Thanks again to Mark Sullivan and to Pino, Mimo, Carletto and many others for your courage in spite of the horrific things that happened in your young lives.
 Having read many accounts. . .both documentary and historical fiction of the innocents in WW II, this is the first about Italy and the Italian Jews. . .it is such an important must read. . .I so appreciate the attention to detail and am grateful that Mr. Sullivan could write without the unnecessary profanity found in so many books today. . .also his bravery in reporting the strong faith in God of Pino and the other characters. . .kudos on all counts. . .God saved you that night, Mr. Sullivan so we could  know another truth about man's inhumanity to man and cause us to once more say NEVER AGAIN
 Set in Milan, in the last two years of the war, This book is riveting, thrusting the reader headlong in a story involving leadingJewish persons to safety, spying on the Germans, and living through wartime hell.  It is based on real people, which makes it more intriguing.
 Base on a true story about a young man Pino Lella who became a true hero in WWII.  The feats he accomplished helping Jews to escape, most 17 year old boys would not attempt.  He eas fearless.  Then, becoming a spy, he helped defeat the Germans.  I was mesmerized snd could not stop reading!
 Search no more. If you’re seeking a great read this has it all. What makes it especially compelling is the research Mr. Sullivan did in preparation. Knowing that much of this adventure/love story/war novel is wrapped around the truth makes it so much more.<br/>Astounding bravery, incredible circumstances, horrible life changing events. This book has everything! Read it.
 What a wonderful story about life, the good and the bad of it. Well written, hard to put down and definitely worth the read. The horror of WWII in Italy comes alive along with a n understanding of why some people were forced into doing things by their circumstances and a realisation of the good and bad in all of us. I would have loved to meet Pino and look forward to the movie.
 Not my usual type of read, but an incredible story you will not put down nor forget. Glad I took a chance and started to read it...couldn’t stop til it was over. A fine job of research and writing about both humanity and war. Bravo!
 This is a true story, at least as far as the author knows, of love, espionage, there Italian Resistance, and Nazi monstrosity. It is based on interviews with the protagonist and other characters that appear, but you can never be sure how truthful they were or how self serving. I am not a historian, but the story presented in this book of the helpful role of the Church in saving Jews  is not consistent with the criticism of the Church that has appeared in the press for years.<br/><br/>A good read, and a unique perspective on the times.
 I had no idea what this book was about nor was I familiar with the author. I purchased it based on the high number of recommendations. I was totally absorbed from the first page. What an amazing story. And so beautifully written. I did not want this story to end. Bravo, Mark Sullivan. And Pino.
 I am so thankful this true story was not lost. It has all the heart and drama of Unbroken. This amazing story of WWII Italy, specifically, Milan, will keep you enthralled from beginning to end. PINO Lella is a true hero in every sense of the word. The acts of courage he performed and the love he shared with his beautiful Anna in a world bereft of beauty speak to the soaring human spirit. Truly inspiring. You won't be able to put it down.
 Based on the true story of a young man thrust into the midst of Nazi occupied Italy, coming of age saving Jews crossing the Alps, and defying death at every turn.  Conflicted in saving a Nazi slave master and blaming himself for the death of the love of his life, he  continues on to learn to live each day.
 Wow - what a story! I was both awed and angry by the time I was done. The writing is full of energy and beauty. The facts are heroic and also hard to believe. Not the truth of them, the disappointment of Nazis who received little or no punishment for their crimes.
 I remember World War ii because my father fought in it and my cousin was killed there. Although we knew Italy was on the German side, I knew little more.So this was a fascinating account of many aspects of what went on there. The characters and plot were well written with many twists and turns at the end.
 I couldn't wait to read each time I resumed the book. Such an amazing tale of love, war, heroes and cowards, atrocities.  Last few pages tied up the loose ends so you get a complete picture of Pino, Anna, and the persecutions that occurred in Italy. You mostly hear about Poles, Germans, other Jewish people, not so much Italians.
 Not a book to read if you have to get up and go to work in the morning!  Such incredible content, it's almost impossible to put down. Seems to be mostly historically correct.  The ending is somewhat of a surprise, not predictable at all.  Nice closing with an over the years review of various characters.
 While a subject no one wants to dwell on this book brought to life the things that I have heard tell of from my German grandmother that occurred when I was an infant. This tale was absorbing and at times made me feel the horror and the sights and emotion as if I were there. It brought to life my own brothers experience during war and the horror of being injured on the battlefield.<br/>A story I will never forget!
 This has to be one of the greatest WW I I stories you’ve never heard of. The tale of a young Italian boy who became a man during the deadliest conflict the world has ever known. It covers the full range of human experience, from the most self sacrificial to the most self serving. A tale of victory and defeat, of love and hate and the specter of man’s inhumanity to man. A compelling story that will leave an indelible impression.
 Read this book not knowing the history of this character.  Did not realize how the Italian people endured the Fascist rule and Nazi occupation.  What a champion he was, and how brave he as well as his relatives, clergy and friends were in those hazardous times.  No one was safe, the people were prisoners in there own  land and homes.  Such a compelling  novel.
 This book takes you on an emotional journey, you can see italy with the vivid details told throughout the story. It’s such an emotional ride and you see what war can do to a person. I just recently visited Milan and went to some of this places described in this book and it made me think back to World War 2 and the horrible things that happened, this is the best book I’ve read this year.
 My dear Mr. Sullivan,<br/>I am in awe of you. I had not read anything so inspiring in a really long time. What an amazing young man Pino Lella is and his family are special as well. The darkest times bring the best and the worst in people and in Pino's case, it definitely brought the most beautiful and bravest side of a human being and at such an early age!!!!!! Knowing this is a true story simply blows my mind away.
 A very thoughtfully written book of a tragic time in Italy's history, Mr. Sullivan brought the characters to life very convincingly.  I have read little of Italy's part in WW2.  The author explained why in the book's beginning.  Thank you not only for the history lesson, but the  extensive research you did and  descriptive writing to tell the story of pure evil.
 The depth of the passion felt at every turn in Pino's life - whether bliss or agony - is neither to be dismissed nor missed. As i delve deeper into the many stories that came out of the horror that was WWII, there remains one thought always in my mind: these were indeed the Great Generation... And for all the continued woes of humanity even today, that humanity still exists is only because of the untold Pino's whose lives made such a difference and yet never lost their own humanity. A gem of a story that is not to be missed.
 How can war be described twix such beauty. I know some of the places described in this book and indeed they are beautiful. They were made ugly by war. The stories of Pino and his family,  love, and life during that time are truly remarkable. I can't imagine the feelings and emotions at watching your life disintegrate before you and going on living. Pino was a brave soul and he paid heavily for the sins of others.
 My first book concerning history  but I did enjoy it and learned  and/or remembered  some of  my history classes.  Always a good read when everlasting love is involved ... love between a man and woman, love between a man and his family  and love between a man and his country. This book covers it all.
 Pino Lela is the hero of this story.  He is strong and smart and brave.  He takes great risks to save those in danger.  He has a deep love which stays all his life.  The story opened my eyes to the horrors of WWII in Italy - the awful legacy of Mussolini and Hitler and the irrationality and brutality of revenge killings which follow.
 I loved this book especially since it was based on  a true story.  I didn't realize how many Italians helped the Jews during the Nazi Occupation.  The author's prologue and notes at the end of book were so informative.  I highly recommend this story.  Our book group will be discussing the book in October.  I am thrilled a film is being made based on the book.
 A riveting tale of intrigue and personal sorrow. It is amazing that such seemingly ordinary people as Pino did such extraordinary deeds and helped change the course of the war.<br/> A great story.
 I loved this story, particularly the character development within the history of WWII in italy, about which I knew very little.  It is a wonderful tale of courage and loyalty but I am still pondering the ending.  It is a very satisfying and heartwarming book.
 After a slow start, this became a page Turner. My mom grew up in Italy during this awful time and reading this familiar story gave me a renewed understanding of what her family lived through - except for her father (my grandfather) who died at the hands of Nazi soldiers. A definite eye opener.
 This novel is based on the life of one of the main characters.  It was difficult to stop reading even at midnight.  Italians suffered so much during the second world war.  There were many heroes.  I didn't know how much the Jewish population suffered.  It's an amazing, thoughtful and historical book that is very well written
 An actual true story from Italy in WWII.  PIno Lella tells his story of saving Jews and leading them across the Alps to Switzerland as a young teenager, then he becomes a driver for a Nazi and relayed Iinformation to the Partisans as " Observer" his code name.  He falls madly in love and loses her to the firing squad before his eyes.  He feels guilty for not standing up for her, but is redeemed when the Nazis are defeated by the Allies.  Can't wait for the movie!<br/>HIghly recommended!
 Moved along nicely. Learning what became of characters was a real bonus. To be reminded that a number of high ranking German officers never paid the price for their evil deeds makes one wonder about the global justice system.<br/><br/>I wonder if today's society would act differently given the same situation.
 I loved this book from page one.  Intriguing true story of a young Italian hero during WWII.  The authors style of writing transports the reader through the landscapes of Italy and the thoughts of the young hero.  I highly recommend this book.
 Beautiful story, writing, and historical content. Waiting for more versions to be released in other languages (Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, etc.).
 I am glad I read this book, but it was difficult because I was so sensitive to the emotions!  Perhaps being the daughter of a WWII Purple Heart veteran was one of the reasons it stirred me to such a great extent.  It also gave me cause to realize this could happen again, tragically, in my lifetime.
 Without knowing it I purchased a story of my roots and the stories pf my parents. I have gone back to visit these places and by reading this book it was like I was there.  For me it was a great story and I want to recommend it to all ages. I especially liked the ending comments after the story. Agnese
 Fantastic story. Great to hear a different part of WW2 from a first person account. Italy is rarely talked about in great detail in the war. The man is a hero and has a heartbreaking story. The best Kindle first I have ever read. Thanks to the author for getting this story out. I will never forget this book.
 What a remarkably well written, relentlessly researched book this is. I could hardly take a break from reading it. This young adventurer caught up in love of country and family risked everything to survive and help so many others to escape Nazi controlled Italy. The facts learned from this 90 year old survivor and silent hero are woven into heart a wrenching story.
 I was hooked immediately. Although the lead character seems almost too perfect, I was in love with his character quickly. He exhibited the youthful exuberance and general invincibility that only the young have. I recommended this book to family and friends, I was charmed  and horrified. I now want to know more about the region in Italy he lived in.
 This author told a compelling historical account about an Italian hero that helped end the war.  He also wrote a very believable narrative about what Pino and  his family and fellow Italians had to endure during the darkest period of our modern history. We often read about the Jewish tragedy, but this was an interesting account of what took place in Italy. Loved the book, recommend it to all that love to read about WWII heroes and about the history of Italy during that time.
 This memorable, well-written and researched novel relates the true-life story of a heroic young Italian boy's amazing exploits from guiding Jews through the mountains to safety in Switzerland to working for a top-ranking Nazi colonel, meeting with Mussolini, and helping to end the war. I enjoyed the afterword providing updates on the lives of many of the book's characters.
 found it an interesting perspective - WWII from the side of a country who's leader was cooperating and collaborating with the Nazis. It is the story of resistance and the trauma war leaves. Some of the images and moments won't leave my mind. Definitely one of the best books I have read in a while.
 This book was very interesting, especially if you like WWII history.  I am always amazed at the bravery of men and women during WWII.  The end ties up what happened after the war.  I won't spoil it, but it made me sad and gave me a lot to ponder.  Mr. Lella was a true hero, along with his family, and many others.
 I took my time to read this book, so that I could truly get a handle on what else was happening during this time of war, in other countries. I have read books based on WW II in Poland, Germany, and France, with this book based on the people in Italy, during this war, giving me a true window into the life of so many Italians, working to get through the hell of war with faith to guide them during the worst moments.
 I am an avid reader but do not normally read historical fiction. My husband bought this book for me Christmas and he did good.  This book really kept me on my toes and although tragic I really enjoyed the story behind the war. This was the first book I’ve read from Mark Sullivan. Very well written and detailed.
 I liked the construct, a more traditional story told in chronological order rather than jumping from past to present as so many of these historical fictions are written. The characters are well explored and the depth of their emotions are revealed. It is a well told story  that drew me in. But some questions aren’t answered. There’s still a mystery as to who is a hero and who is the bad guy, which I assume is true in any war. I recommend Scarlet Sky to anyone who wants human drama and romance, and can stomach another story of Nazi atrocities.
 I appreciated learning about a significant part of World War II that I previously knew practically nothing about..  The complex characters are developed realistically and with depth.  I appreciated learning the different experiences and practical as well as internal dilemmas that  various characters endured within this segment of the war, and how the heroism and humanity as well as the cruelty and inhumane acts were not portrayed too simplisticly.
 As an avid reader I have, I think, read the pinnacle for me with Under the Scarlett Sky.  Mark Sullivan takes a true story as told by the person who lived it and turns it into a novel of stupefying horror and beauty.  I won't go into the story...others have already done so here.  Suffice it to say that Pino Lella's true nightmare as told by a writer of such outstanding talent is so incredibly mesmerizing I wish I hadn't read it yet.  This is a real masterpiece of a book.  If you love the written word, this wonderful book will feed your thirst.
 I love books on WW2 history, I’ve read a lot of historical fiction on this subject, but I’m so glad I read this true account of Pino Lella. It’s heartbreaking and beautiful the author did a great job of getting all the details in the story without it being too much or boring. I had to keep reminding myself that this is a true account, that this boy of only 17/18 was a part of all of these important moments in history, was a true hero, suffered so much loss and pain, and went on to find happiness and joy in his life. Everyone should read this!
 This book tells a compelling story of survival in WWII.  It's a story that few have likely heard, and one that all should hear.  It makes me wonder why public school history books don't tell the story, but then I snapped back to reality and realized that would be beyond the capability of the public school system.
 I loved this story. It was exciting and thrilling, sad and sorrowful. Having read dozens of books relating to WW II this is definitetly one of the best. The main character was so full of life you wish you could meet. The horrors of the war are all there, vivid and beyond sad. But the family and their faith in each other and friends carries the day.
 This is a personal story from an Italian during WWII. In addition to telling this one man's story of braveness it clearly portrays what life was like in general there and then. It is not a pretty picture but I think it is a timely reminder of what can happen.
 once I got halfway through the book I couldn't put it down. I thought it started a little slow and needed something to keep my interest.  I really struggled in the first half and did not know where the author was going but then I was obsessed and hated that it ended.
 Assuming you've read the book description I found the book incredible.  At times it was very hard to digest - Pino's risk taking, Nazi control of people.  Pino's  story needs to be heard!!  This book is not for the faint hearted. I highly recommend!!
 I wasn't sure about the subject (more about the Nazis) and when I started it i couldn't out it down. I didn't read the information it was true until the end of the book.  Then I watched the author speak on You Tube.<br/><br/>This was a book club book, I can't wait for the review by the members!
 The book is fabulous—I couldn’t put it down until the last page and I am still thinking about all of the characters.  On January 23, 2019, Pino’s son, Michael, will be presenting the book to our book club here in Copperopolis, California.  I was so pleased that at the end, the author told the readers what happened to all the main characters after the war ended.
 Considering the fact that I could NOT put this book down, I give it 5 stars.  I had to continually remind myself that this was a true story.  I also appreciated the fact that we get to learn the Italian perspective to WWII.  Pino was quite the hero and always makes the best of his situation, even when things obviously do not go his way.  I'm looking forward to the movie as I could picture it while I was reading.
 Complex and compelling characters struggling to survive one of the worst periods in modern human history provides for a very captivating story. The fact that it’s based on true events and real people makes it that much more amazing. I highly recommend the book. It was hard to put down and the story will surely stay with me for quite some time.
 If you love historical novels like I do...this is a good one. I did not know how bad it was in Italy. My Italian father was in the U.S. Army in Italy during WWII and never spoke of his time there. Made me feel closer to him.
 Surprise! This is a true story. I didn’t know it until I read the author’s preface!<br/><br/>Well-written, grabs you right from the start. Everyone I have lent this to or has read it has not been disappointed at all. In a nutshell, story of a young man in Italy during WWII who, by a chance encounter, winds up working for a high-ranking SS officer. You’ll have to read the rest. Also just heard they maybe making a movie out of this book? Read it, quick!
 Who could believe a boy in his teen's would have so much courage that he would first save lives and second spy so the allies could get information that would help them win the way the war
 Sullivan made me feel like I really knew the people in the story. I  think that is so important because it is good to realize the events  in the story happened to real people. We need to learn from the past. I love that I was able to do that and still enjoy a good story well told.
 Dear Mr. Sullivan,<br/><br/>Thank you for your persistence, inquisitiveness and patience in bringing this story to the world. I could not stop reading Pino's story and feeling like there was some greater force guiding him through this unbelievably true life adventure.<br/><br/>Our family toured northern Italy several years ago, including stays in Bologna and Milan. However, when we return, I will look at these cities and its descendants in a different light.<br/><br/>In a coincidence similar to those in this story, our daughter recently entered her freshman year at Hamilton College. However, I did not know that this was your alma mater until I read the biography at the end of the novel. It was as if this story was calling to me. I cannot wait to tell her how coincidental it was that I read this book and how proud I am as a parent of a future graduate of a school which likely helped to shape your writing. The fact that you needed to overcome so many obstacles in bringing this story to all of us is a testimony to your character!<br/><br/>All best,<br/>Bill Hirsch
 Absolutely unbelievable that I had no idea what had happened in Italy during WWII.  This book opened up a whole new understanding of the war, especially in Italy, as well as the role Italians played in saving Jewish lives and the horrors inflicted by the Nazis and their puppet, Mussolini!
 Really an amazing book... well written and poignant.  I switched between reading and listening to the audiobook.  I mostly listened.  The narrator was really good.  I listened mainly on my commute to and from work and many times sat in my car just to finish a chapter!  It's engrossing and the fact it's based on a true story is overwhelming.  Have thought about it many times since reading and have even brought it up in conversation.
 The author paints a very vivid , stunning  story of survival, courage and strength, of love and lost and the determination to survive. It's beautifully written, makes you feel like you are there. It's unimaginable to have lived and witnessed such horror as Pino  Lella did. Extraordinary!
 This book was not nearly as interesting as one would expect from a book with an average rating above 4.4.  Purportedly based on the true story of Italian teenager, Pino Lella, this could have been be a fascinating, inspiring story.  Unfortunately, poor writing and a bloated story line mar what could have been an excellent book.  17-year-old Pino’s parents send him to the Alps to escape the Allied bombardment of Milan.  While there, he volunteers to help escort Jews over the mountains to Switzerland.  When he returns home, his parents convince him to join the German army in order to avoid being drafted and sent to the Russian front.  He soon becomes the driver for a powerful German general and spies on German activities.  Along the way, Pino's life becomes something of a superhero tale, as he all-too-easily overcomes every obstacle in his path.  The writing is poor, with amateurish prose and weak dialogue.  The story lacks suspense and the pacing is inconsistent.  This work has all the signs of a purely commercial effort.
 This book is truly remarkable.  A story of love, war, young eagerness, fear, death, and so much more.  I've heard the story of the Nazi's but never quiet understood the magnitude until I read this first-hand account.  Once you pick it up, you will not want to put it down.
 A touching memoir that brings to life the horror and the ability to survive war.  So interesting to try to pry out tales from so many of these heros. They just don’t like reliving these horrors.  Somehow they found a way to cope but haunting memories still shadowed their lives.
 I truly couldn't put this  book down. I really enjoyed the life story of  Pino Lella.  I am an American of Italian decent and  family roots in Milan as well as Florence, and Naples. The book enlightened me on the suffering and devastation that took pace in Italy during WW11. I was a child<br/>During the war and heard a lot about it from my American born parents, but this book really gave me a much more detailed account of the horror's the Italians faced.  Thanks. To Mr Sullivan for his efforts to bring Pino's story to us.
 A true account of an almost unbelievable story during WWII. Set in Milan, Italy during the German occupation, the author tells the story of the heroic efforts of one young man.  The perilous situations he encounters keeps the reader enthralled.  I could not put it down! If you enjoy WWII Fiction, you will LOVE this book.
 Great story especially since it's based on true events.  There were many times my jaw dropped at things that Pino (main character/person) encountered and saw.  I enjoyed the writing style and recommend you also read his Acknowledgments at the end of the book.
 Better than most book I've read from Prime at no cost to me. I enjoyed reading the book as a novel, the story revolves around the last year of the German occupation of Italy..  As most good novels they have relevant fact of history and characters in the story.  The end of the book chronical what happened to the characters after WWII, what did for a living, marriages, and death.
 This story is so heroic, gut wrenching, and historical.  It races from one terrifying moment to another and left me breathless til the end.  I just wish I had been able to have read it BEFORE my trip to Italy and been more aware and appreciative of what this beautiful country and its beautiful people had endured.  I visited the famous duomos and envisioned ancient history instead of a Nazi invasion.  I would look at it now with new eyes.  WWII buffs this is a must read.
 I enjoyed hearing the story of Pino Lella's life because I'd never read a book about WWII like this. Never read about it from the Italian perspective.  It is a story unlike any WWII book I have read. It speaks of courage, faith, risk, danger, loss, painful bitter loss. It is not about battles and generals devising war plans. It is a personal story of sacrifice by someone who starts his journey at age 17. So glad I read it.
 I'd give this book a fiznillion stars if I could. What an incredible and emotional story.<br/><br/>I thought because this book is 513 pages, there may be moments of too much description or a slow moving story. Boy, was I wrong! Every single chapter left me wanting to keep reading. Beautifully written and one of the BEST books I have ever read in my life.
 This book was more than I’d hoped for when purchased.  I loved the story of the journey of Pino from a young boy to a man and how the atrocities of the war changed him. Knowing it was based on areal person just made it better.  It was very well written and overall a book hard to put down. Bravo to Pino for his bravery and to the author for sharing his story.
 A great read!  While it's disturbing in many ways, the fact that it is historical fiction gives it credence so the reader can handle the disturbing scenes.  History is history; we need to know it, both its glories and failings.  I especially appreciated the author's  sharing his experiences both in preparing to write this novel and the occurrences in the life of Pino after the end of WWII.  I would, and have, recommend this book to any one who asks.
 All i can say is wow!!! I love history and through this book i learned a little bit more about the challenges that men and women faced during WWII. I would highly recommend this book to be read even if you don't like history, you not be disappointed!!
 I am so glad I read this book about a true hero of WWII who happened to be an 18 year old Italian boy named Pino.  The author did incredible job researching this book with Pino himself who in now 91 years old.  After you finish the book, you'll want to recommend it to all of your friends and relatives.  Thank you Mark Sullivan for this great story.
 I liked this book, that tells the story of Pino Lella during the Nazi occupation in Italy in WWII.  The book reads well; at the beginning it was a bit slow, but in the end it was a page-turner.  The story is interesting and I learned a lot about how Italians lived through WWII.  I recommend it!
 Wow. This is a book sure to take your breath away. The relentlessly raw and striking story of young Pino Lella was beautifully composed, and Sullivan most definitely captures the intensity, desperation, and profoundness of every scene. So deeply detailed, I felt as though I was a part of the story. I felt as though I knew each character, connecting to their experiences. Through Pino's perspective, the horrors, brutality, and appalling reality of World War II in Italy is revealed. A cascade of spiraling emotions, you are able to join Pino in his bravest tasks, his witness to the darkest auras of Nazi actions, his true love with Anna, his insurmountable faith, his undeniable intelligence, and the mental turmoil he endures. And knowing that it is based on the true account of Pino blows my mind. One of the best books I have ever read.
 This book was spellbinding for me, because it was based on actual experience and not just pure fiction. I read it in 2 days because it was so difficult to put down. Though it filled me  with sadness over the atrocities of war, at the same time it was an uplifting celebration of the human spirit.
 I could not put it down. I do wish it was shorter. Most of all I wish I could validate some of the stories in the book. Too many coincidences for me to believe. Big disappointment is how after this story was told with so much detail there is a debate about the names of the nazi war criminals. The tortured and traumatized people never followed up!  A story of courage in face of horrific events but leaves many questions.
 I finished this book so quickly, constantly trying to figure out how I could find a little more time to read it.  I had become a bit tired of the WWII stories,  so much suffering.  But with the 20k+ reviews, I thought it was worth a shot.  I new very little about the Italian story for WWII.  It was really interesting.  I was checking maps, and photos to help put some of the story in context.
 I enjoy reading historical fiction and have read dozens upon dozens of books about World War II. I had not read anything with such an emphasis on Northern Italy and found some of it fascinating.  Like others who have reviewed this book, I found it more of a “novel” than fact, but enjoyed it nonetheless.<br/>I enjoyed Mark Sullivan’s style of writing and will look into other books he has read.
 Pino Lella was a real life person. Pino is the unsung hero that this  book is about. Both my husband and I read this book on our kindle and we literally couldn't put the book down. This story is about Italy and Germany during the Second World War and the atrocities that were committed to both Jews and Italians. We both highly recommend this book.
 I rarely write book reviews.  Having said that, I would like to tell you one thought that kept going through my mind while reading this book.  How can we judge anyone based on guilt by association.  We never know the story behind a person's actions.
 This is one of the most gut wrenching books I have read in a long time, and not solely because of the horrific history of WWII. I couldn’t put it down. Made me smile and definitely made me cry. Anyone that likes to read stories of the war should absolutely read this book. My heart goes out to Pino, and I sincerely hope he knows how much his story means to us all.
 I could not put this book down! A combination of documentary and historical novel, Sullivan has turned a much needed spotlight upon the tragic circumstances of the Nazi occupation of Italy in WW II. The book is based upon the vivid memories of a man who, in his youth, was thrown into constantly life-threatening experiences with an enigmatic, high-ranking Nazi general. It’s a wild ride of personal achievement, lost love, Jewish progrom , and economic hardship in an occupied country.
 I found this to be a thoroughly engaging story of love, loss, sacrifice, bravery and heroism in the midst of WWII.  That it is based on true events of real people made it even more heart wrenching.<br/>I thought the author did an excellent job of telling Pino's story and keeping me extremely interested in all the events and details.
 It is a riveting story of the Jewish Holocaust during WWII, but written from a  completely different view point - the view of a privileged 17 year-old  Christian Italian male. I am Christian and I strongly believe that we should teach about the Holocaust so it can never happen again. All based on one boy/man's journey, we are reminded through the unfolding of the main character's knowledge of how heinous the grand scale killing of our fellow man is. I could barely put the book down to sleep, to work, to do the things I am responsible for. It is fantastic reading.
 I really enjoyed this novel from a historical perspective as I knew nothing about how WWII played out in Italy.  This was fascinating to me and wonderfully described through the life of Pino.  The only aspect of this book that I didn’t love was that I found the romance to be a bit overly dramatic.  Too many references to operatic arias singing through Pino’s head at every turn.  I found myself rolling my eyes a bit.  But overall a really interesting and enjoyable story.
 One of the best novels I've ever read!!!!  A true hero in every sense.  Oh how wartime makes our youth mature so quickly. What an amazing story.  I hope someone is writing a screenplay for this. Guaranteed an Oscar potential.
 I do enjoy a good World War II novel and this one was especially enjoyable since it is based on true events with actual heroes. It was very moving, exciting, and heartfelt. Part of history I knew nothing about.  Highly recommended.
 Highlights the day to day decisions that WWII forced people to make, both to survive and to bring an end to the evils of war.  It also shows clearly how much we all tend  to make judgements about each other based on superficial information. Great read.
 Wow what a great story. Even more amazing that the characters and the events are basically real. The truth is definitely more amazing that what the mind can dream up. Once again I am reminded how great good historical fiction can be - this is an amazing example. The characters development was great and the story was amazing and so worth anyone’s time. I learned so so much ,<br/>About Italy and this horrible war and<br/>The forces behind the people caught up<br/>In it. Amazing loved it
 There have been many excellent in-depth reviews of this book with which I fully agree. I read many books most of which are well written and enjoyable. But it is rare that a book captures me in such a way that I am immersed in the story rather than merely observing it as a reader. This is such a work.
 It is hard to believe that this story about a remarkable young man is based on real life experiences. The story is well told and so totally held my attention that I had a hard time putting it down. I cried with Pino in his love for Anna and in his pain for all his losses. I highly recommend this book to anyone especially to anyone interested in the true history of WW II. I would read more by Mark Sullivan.
 This book told an amazing story about Italy during WW II.  We have always heard and read about the stories of the many Jews in Germany but not those in Italy.  If you enjoy reading about the history of the war you will enjoy this book.  There were times in the book where you felt you were part of the story.  It was sad, it was joyous, and it give new insight to WWII.  Thank you for telling  the story!
 In literature and on the screen, WWII in Italy has never been revealed as well as in the book. More fact than fiction, it is however, as riveting as any spy novel and as thought-provoking as any examination of the horrors and tragedy of war.
 I'm not sure if this is a non fiction or historical fiction book. I'm not sure if this is a tale of survival or a love story. It was a fairly fast read. Informative regarding what happened during Italy's occupation by the Nazis during the war. The book didn't particularly move me, yet was interring enough to keep me involved. At the end of the day, you won't go wrong for reading this book, but, for me, I was ready to move on in the middle of it.
 A well written story about a war hero.  This writer made you "feel" the story. From falling in love to all the tragedies in Pino Lella's life.  I found myself wanting to know more about this man who did so much for his fellow man.  To the author, please never doubt your ability. This book was a treasure.
 Great story that takes the most horrific part of history and tells the tale of a family trying to survive and stay whole. Love, adventure and sadness blend together through the eyes of Pino Lella. Out of the ashes comes hope and faith, I highly recommend this novel to anyone who loves a great story.
 We hear so little about the war the Italians lived.  The accounts we read were sterile and documented the heroic struggle of the allied forces to drive the Germans and Fascists to defeat. This is the story inside out of Italians who fought and died, families who gave their lives for the hope of freedom, lost loves and a search for fulfillment.  Strongly recommend reading for a deeper understanding of the real Italian war.
 I totally enjoyed the book. It was written in the style of historical fiction though claims to be a a recitation of events and characters as they actually happened during WWII in Milan.  While I found it sometimes difficult to believe that the main character always happened to be in just the right place at the right time, it made for a quick, enjoyable read. I did not find the writing so great, but I highly recommend reading "Beneath a Scarlet Sky:  A Novel"
 Good sad World War II story.  Pino was an interesting character,  with the unfortunate fate of having to grow from boyhood to manhood under German occupation of Milan.  He kept his experience unmentioned until just recently, when the author was able to interview him.  I like that this book is historical fiction, with a very real source for much of the events.
 I loved it!  The author : Mark Sullivan ,surly knows how to write.  I will buy other books he has written.
 Super good read!  Very exciting kept my interest through the whole book. Not overly exposing the atrocities of the Nazi regime. Also no over the top with sex. Just good honest reading. The final chapter telling what happened to all the characters was totally helpful and interesting.
 This is the story of one man’s war.  This book should be read and the story should be known because it was a small part of a large and tragic war that should never be repeated.  It is well written and a book that will cut into you.
 A beautiful, but also heartrending recount of a life lived in the extreme of war torn Italy.  The enduring bonds of family, friends and compatriots, as well as a sometimes frayed, but unbroken faith in goodness is not a new literary theme, but yet was a refreshing one throughout Mr. Lella's story.  His agony in trying to contain and erase his emotional trauma was relatable and deserving of the reader's empathy.  The recounting of his experiences from start to finish was supremely engaging as the narrative did not deviate from context of one man's struggle to find and maintain his sense of self during unimaginable trials and tribulations.  A tale with much in the way of teachable moments.  Superb!
 One of the best World War Two novels I have ever read. Uniquely different in that it tells a factual based tale of one young Italian boy and how he, his family, and his closest friends have their lives heaved and spun out of their control during the war. I am feeling so privileged to have read it.
 This book has become one of my favorites. I could not put it down. The author brought you in and made you feel for Pino and Anna. He made you hate Gen Leyers, and then not hate him all at the same time. I laughed, I cried, and I was very very upset. I learned so much from this book and am so happy I read it.
 Mr. Sullivan has creatively and historically researched the story of a young man who so selflessly saved the lives of many Jews during WW2  from Milan into Switzerland.  I feel as though I traveled the distances with young Pino as a result of  the  superb storytelling ability of Mr. Sullivan.  I truly did not want this book to end,, as I savored every word.  I would recommend this book to the young and older who may be looking  to be taken back into the  1940's, where life in Milan seemed to be focused around family and a small town feel.  Readers should sit back and be ready to face all of  Pino  Lella's near escapes , successes and finally finding the love of his life. This book is like reading poetry -- weaving in and out of phrases, deep thoughts and love.
 This is the best book I have read in many years. It was one of those stories written in such a way you were relieved for the characters the trauma of war was over, deeply saddened by the tragedies of that war but sorry the book had to come to an end. Makes you wonder how many other true acts of heroism were never recorded. Thank you Mr. Sullivan.
 An amazing story woven from recollections and research.  Our brave men and women who survived or fought in WWII are leaving us but their stories must be told. This one was my extreme pleasure to have read and not to have suffered as they the many tragedies and horrors of war.  Extremely well written
 Loved this book.  Many characters based on actual people, with interesting epilogue notes on their lives.  Also my first in-depth look at the Nazi occupation in Italy, the "forgotten front."
 I greatly enjoyed reading Mark Sullivan's book, a nonfiction novel about an Italian man's experiences of WWII from a perspective not often heard from.  The book provided great insight into what some residents of Milan and northern Italy suffered under the Nazi regime, but it is also a great story of one man's extraordinary efforts.  The main should be hailed as a hero, but this book also shows that heroes aren't perfect either; they just do the utmost best they can under extreme circumstances.  I would love to see this book become a movie; for a semi-biography, it is that action-packed of a novel.  Highly recommend it to any history buffs interested in all things WWII.
 Right away you are drawn into the tale of young Pino Lella’s life during the Nazi occupation of Italy. It is a fast paced read that carries a largely unknown part of history - at least to me.  The tragedies that the Italian people endured under the Nazi assault was so vividly shared in this novel.  I thoroughly enjoyed this book!
 History of Northern Italy last two years of world war II.  Very well written and the last 200 pages a page turner. Some of the material is hard to believe and the ending is even more questionable .  Movies are usually not as good as  books and this will be interesting to see how closely the screen captures all the events that Lella is involved in.
 The best book that I have ever had the privilege of reading.  Mark Sullivan did a masterful job of bringing to life the events and the real people in Northern Italy during the World War II.  The book has everything anyone could ask for including action, suspense, intrigue, romance and drama.  I wish to thank Mark Sullivan for the many long days he spent in Italy gathering the background information for this masterpiece.
 It's almost too unreal to believe all of this happened to one guy.  A great story you must read if you enjoy heroic war stories.
 Excellent book for people who like to read war stories.  It was well written.  In light of what is happening today in the world it was probably good for me to be reminded of how terrible the Nazis were.  Both the book and what happened in reality is extremely sad and not a good book to read when I am depressed with an illness.  I hope young people, who are not familiar with the atrocities done by the Nazis read it.  While it is a novel, the author explains all the research he did and provided facts.
 I read every page of this book, but was never really quite hooked in. Story good, yes, few surprises, became somewhat tedious reading of one horror( which I never really felt) after the other...not as good as other ww2 stories, like The Nightingale, All the Light I Cannot See or the Paris Architect
 This book is now on my top 5 list for 2019!  I hadn't read much about WWII on the Italian front.  This was quite an eye opener for me.  It's amazing all the things that happened to Pino in such a short time, most of it heartbreaking but much success for a young man.  If you like WWII history, you will love the story of PIno and his contributions to the war effort.
 This is a well written, heart wrenching account of one young man's courage during World War II.  I highly recommend the book to all readers. This story and it's life lessons  will remain with me  for a very long time.  Mr. Sullivan, thank you for your dedication in telling Pino's  story.
 I found this book to be fascinating and exciting and I loved the after story of all of the people involved in this story. I loved the research of their lives during and after the war and how their lives turned out. I highly recommend this book. I also was happy to see that the hero of the book Pino lived a long life and could validate the story of his life along with the other main people in the book. A great read.
 A great book that is based on a true story.  The author could not verify all events described to him, so its historical fiction.(read the preface).  As I didn't know much about the WW2 in Italy, I learned quite a bit about the Italian people during the  war and the aftermath.  A must read for WW2 aficionados.  I read a Kindle copy and bought the hard copies for gifts.
 This is one of my very favorite WWII memoirs and was the first one I read about the war in Italy and how it affected the people who lived there. Exceptional story and very well written! Loved it so much I bought the hardback version after reading it on Kindle Unlimited.
 I could not put this book down.  Holy cow I cannot believe Pino's story has not been told until now.  Someone needs to make a movie about this ASAP.  It is a fascinating read and I could not stop thinking about it after I was done.  The story is amazing and the book is very well written.  I highly, highly recommend this book.
 No clue how this book has such a high rating. It's an interesting story (though somewhat unbelievable), but poorly written. I spent most of my time trying to mentally rewrite all of the conversations so they would sound like something humans would actually say. Don't be duped by the high rating. Instead, read The Nightingale, All the Light We Cannot See, The Orphans Tale, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society...literally any other WWII book but this one.
 I cant  get this story out of my mind. Epic reading. incredible story and so sad. this is an ever lasting book that i will treasure . Its so intriguing, sad and memorable. I will hold onto it forever. I never realised this was part of wwll. Thank you Mark Sullivan for writing this story.
 While the writing style is fairly simple, the story is a harrowing and complex tale of one brave young man during WWII. Pretty amazing life with courage, fear, heartbreak and dedication that invites each of us to wonder what we might do in his situation.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is one, if not at the very top, of the best and most enjoyed books I read in 2018.  The fact it was based upon the actual experiences of a young man dealing with the horror around him and doing his part to end it during his teenage years is enough in itself to make the story a winner.  But there is so much more.  This is one you have to read.
 I must admit, after the first 10 per cent of the book, I thought I had found another novel that was going to drag on with unimportant details.  Not th  case, however.  The book just began to be  better an  better.  Did not want to put  it down, which is a rarity for me anymore.
 This book was a tremendous read. I loved it. Could not put it down. Everyone should be made to read this book. The story was amazing. It was well written and deep. This author knows how to write well. Thank you for this extraordinary story.
 This story takes place in Italy during World War II. I felt it grew more interesting the more I read. After the end of the book the future lives of some of the more important real people in the book are revealed.
 I had chosen this book months ago as my Kindle pick of the month. I decided to start this book among all the other ones I have yet to read.<br/><br/>I have no other words to say other than wow. This book has sent me through so many emotions and at one point, I broke down and cried along with the main character. This is one truly amazing story. I highly recommend this book for whomever is into history and looking for an amazing book to read.
 I really cannot understand why this super book is called a novel. Is it a true historical and factual account, or a novel? Either way it is a gripping tale of heroism, love, tragedy and intrigue. I enjoyed every moment of it and would highly recommend it to everyone.
 Interesting book about Italy during WWII. I wasn't aware of the Catholic Church's role in helping people. Towards the end of the book, the driving around got pretty repetitive. I liked the main character's role in the beginning, helping people get over the Alps to Switzerland.
 Pino Lella,  a man of small great things. Glad to learn his story. Faith strengthened!!<br/><br/>Quote from Pino Lella<br/>We never know what will happen next, what we will see, and what important person will come into our life, or what important person we will lose. Life is change, constant change, and unless we are lucky enough to find comedy in it, change is nearly always a drama, if not a tragedy. But after everything, and even when the skies turn scarlet and threatening, I still believe that if we are lucky enough to be alive, we must give thanks for the miracle of every moment of every day, no matter how flawed. And we must have faith in God, and in the Universe, and in a better tomorrow, even if that faith is not always deserved.”
 As the end of the story was approaching, I was so grateful to have met Pino Lella and to see that certain human beings of talent are among us. The good they do helps us recognize the greatness of life. What a tale! Thank you Mark Sullivan for getting this all down so we can all bask in an exceptional life. Grazie!
 Fascinating story, presented as fiction but based on fact, of Pino Lella, an Italian teenager recruited during WW 2 to aid the Resistance. He became a driver for a high ranking Nazi, and provided crucial information through the Resistance network to the Allies. I was unfamiliar with Italy's role in the Resistance, and apparently Pino never talked about his painful experiences until relatively recently. This book is a real page turner--I highly recommend it to both historical fiction readers and to those with an interest in either WW 2 or Italy.
 How many times have you heard the above said by a reporter or commentator after relating an unbelievable situation?  That's this book.  Pino was a young man forced to grow up fast, as I'm sure, was the case of other young men (and women) during that period of time.  Fortunately, he was blessed with the ability to weigh his options and come through in one piece.  As his mentor and priest told him many times, "have faith."  The author admitted there were some embellishments, but, for the most part, it's a true story.  I highly recommend it.
 Wonderful love stoy set in war and tragidy. With many amazing events that saved lives as well as costing many too.<br/>The book is well written, with many colorful characters. Gives a detailed account of two men's lives that helped many Jews escape the Nazis.
 This book is a good read with historical facts during WW2. I'm a little tossed up on my feelings about it. There are harsh realities that are true and hard to read but I was hoping the love story would turn out well. I also realize that it had to go the way it did because 1.) - It was true and 2.) It definitely makes the impact that the telling of the story had to have. So much sadness during that awful time in history.
 Chose this as a First Book for March and was not disappointed.  The book is fast paced and well written.  Knowing that this book is based on actual events, I finished it wondering just how closely the story followed reality.  In the interest of creating a compelling story, the author has the main character witnessing first hand nearly every tragedy that befalls his friends and family.  I'm not criticizing, just saying that I am now interested to know which events of the story are fictitious, which actually happened, and of those that did happen, what were the actual circumstances surrounding those events.
 This books enlightens the reader about WWll as it unravels mostly towards the end of the war in Milan, Italy. It is a story that unfortunately thousands of souls had to live through. It exposes the tragedies of war; the losses, hardship, and deprivation, but it also shows the courageous and righteous side of humankind as well. I loved the story - you will smile but also cry. You will feel deep sadness but also joy. The terrible past of WWll can not be forgotten and this story will keep it alive. You will feel Pino’s (the main character) decisions and choices, his strength and emotions, his sadness and loss like it’s happening to someone you know and care about.  This makes the story even more powerful.
 I've always enjoyed reading stories of WW2, fiction or non, but as the author notes, Italy's story is not often told. That piqued my interest, and held it through to the end. A definite page turner, I read this in 2 days while on vacation in Italy, which made it that much more interesting. The author meticulously researched the book, and in the epilogue, he even shares what happened to many of the characters after the last page.  There remains some mystery surrounding one in particular, so all in all, a fascinating read.
 I chose to give this book a rating of 4 stars because it kept turning the page to read what happened next. Even though I know the history of World War II, I never knew of Pino Lella. Thank you for sharing this story, it has motivated me to find more information on the history of this remarkable man.
 This book is a page turner. Pino’s story is unbelievable but true. A hero in every way. I did not know much about Italy during WWII and this story had me from beginning to the end.
 It’s been a long time since I’ve read a book that I just could not put down. Beneath A Scarlet Sky is one of THE best stories I have ever read and will remain with me for the rest of my life. I experienced a whole range of emotions while reading this novel. I finished it a few days ago and it still haunts my thoughts. Thank you, Mark, for bringing this astonishing story to light. I will never forget Pino Lella.<br/><br/> I could not recommend this n emphatically enough.
 A slow starter for me - read the first few pages then flipped through the first quarter of the book but after that...WOW!  A very interesting story well told.  I had a hard time putting it down.  I recommend it with both thumbs up - once you get through the first quarter.  Don't give up like I almost did.  You'll love it,
 The harrowing tale of a 17 year old Italian boy who was able by chance, family connections, and the miracles of God to have a ringside seat and also be able to participate in the fall of the Nazis in Italy.  Set Milan, the Italian- Swiss alps and the fast cars he drove, you will not be able to put this insightful story down.
 A story of faith and truth in the face of events of despair based on a true tale of one man's life. Not the ordinary war story, but a report of the twists and turns in an actual life of an actual hero.
 This book was an eye opener for me.  Never realized how much sacrifice and suffering Italians made during the war. My dad was in the war fighting for the Italians and NEVER spoke about it.  Want to thank the author for exposing this part of WWI and hope that the upcoming movie does justice.
 Mark Sullivan shows the reader a part of the WW2 resistance  movement in Italy that is seldom seen.  The hero is heroic, humble and so human.  The horror was hard to digest but the reader had to keep going to see how it all ended.
 I haven't finished this book yet, not sure I will.  Even though it rec'd outstanding reviews, (???), I read a lot and I'm finding the style, language and plot level more suited to Jr high readers. Maybe that's who it was intended for? If there's a way to spot this in the reviews, I didn't see it coming?
 Loved it.... didn't want it to end. Then the surprise ending that told so much about Pino's amazing post war life experiences. The story put me in mind of "Unbroken", another fine novel about a true unsung hero. I'd been looking for a great read for quite a while....and this was it..
 It is an interesting story and as I am not a writer, I am not inclined to comment on the author's writing style but the voice of the reader was not as engaging as other audio books I have enjoyed. I may never know how this story ends since the 2nd MP3 disc failed at #42 (Chapter 32). Tried to contact company but no luck so buyer beware.
 Really enjoyed this book and I would say it is 4 1/2 stars. It's a fascinating look into part of the war that doesn't get much attention - the struggles in Italy.  Written similar to a journal at times, there are areas that drag but it was historically gripping.
 I thought it was going to be another Nightingale, but it was much more. Amazing story, and how cunning people can prosper. How loving people can fight and how people are people throughout time. A lot of good history too regarding Italy in WWII.
 Suspense and history in a well written novel of World War II that takes place in Northern Italy. That the book is based on real people struggling to survive during wartime makes the story that much more engrossing. Be sure to read the Afterword to learn how Italy and the real characters recovered and moved on after the war.
 The story puts a better light on Italians and on the Catholic Church during the war.<br/>It is an exciting adventure about a young man with courage and conviction and determination to fight the German occupation and help Jews pass into the freedom of Switzerland.<br/>The factual background, the descriptions of the scenery and conditions, and the total involvement the reader has with the main character and his family make this historical story into a real page turner!
 This is such an incredible book. Not only is it a great historical work, it captures the emotional upheaval during those traumatic war times.  I loved the author’s capturing of the emotions of Pino Lella and the horrific wartimes set in a wonderous love story.  This is one f my all-time favorites along with ‘Unbroken’.
 A fantastic true story. Lest we remember the past we are deemed to repeat it. The generation that lived through WWII wanted to forget it but they did history a disservice by not teaching the next generation about what are capable of doing to each other
 It's well written and fast paced.  The characters were well developed, and heart warming.  My heart went out to the main character and he became more and more of a true hero.  I really liked the book and could hardly put it down.  The ending was a real surprise!
 I wish I knew how to review books, I just don’t. I do know this is how the world use to be. As nasty as this war was there were people who cared about their family, their neighbors and their country. They put others and their needs first before their own and did what ever it took to protect those they love. This book was so good, I loved it.
 There aren't many stories about Italy toward the end of WWII which is when this takes place.  The fact that it is based on a true person and the events that shaped his teenage life affected his entire adult life was most moving.
 Although I was a bit skeptical of the title, I enjoy WWII history and this book did an excellent job of intertwining the thrills and tragedies of war with not over the top emotional aspects of the characters.  While some have questioned the validity of the main character's incredible life, frankly it wouldn't matter to me if a few may have been embellished for the benefit of the story.  This is one of those books that is hard to put down and captures the reader from start to finish.
 Though the novel's story is of historical interest (Northern Italy during the last months of WWII), the characters, situations and dialogue are by-the-numbers and on-the-nose. The average reader will be propelled along by the plot, but at the end will discover it's nothing more than a standard cliched WWII action adventure/ romance novel. My understanding is that the book will be turned into a mini-series for TV. It will most likely turn out to be a better film than the novel.
 What a powerful book! It was fascinating in every respect. I felt so,drawn to Pino the main character . I commend the author’s  work as his words made this story read as if it were my story ,that’s how connected you feel. A mountain climb of a book. In my wildest dream I could never achieve this monumental task of writing something so detailed and engrossing .
 This is the story of Pino Lela during the last two years of WW II in Italy, more particularly Milan. Based on the memories of an old man, the book takes us behind the scenes, to the people of flesh and blood. Pino Lela, a hero - portrayed as a man, with doubts and weaknesses- a man who found and lost love during those two years.<br/>A beautifully painted canvas with true to life characters. A very good read indeed.
 The story kind of lagged at the beginning but really picked up.  I've never had much info on Italy's part in WWII.  I knew about Mussolini but didn't realize some of the details in the story.  It wasn't until the troop movement descriptions that I realized I was reading a fictionalized story based on a true account. Definitely worth the read!
 I really enjoyed the book, and there are I'm sure many untold stories of heroism as this, but also difficult in that many were working behind the scenes for both sides as in this story.  Obviously putting their lives in danger if caught spying but also, at times saving a Nazi.  The ending was unsatisfactory for me, but not all stories can have all loose ends tied up in a neat little bow.
 Excellent book about events of WWII in Italy.  Writing makes it easy to see through Pino's eyes and the struggle and stress he endured.  What a remarkable take of courage and strength and honor.  Loyalty to family and country amazing.  What an heartbreaking and heartwarming story.  A remarkable life.  Thoroughly enjoyed the book.
 This fabulous and thoroughly researched book by Mark Sullivan explains the end of WWII in Italy from 1944.  This is a story of Pino Lella's amazing life story from age 17 to an old man of 89 years.  The story gives insight into the work of Hans Leyers who worked directly with Hitler to create fortifications and weapons to hold the Gothic line in Northern Italy from Milan to the Alps!  The characters in this story are real people with human flaws and gifted talents.  Read this amazing story to give insights into WWII in Italy.
 I could not put this book down from the very beginning.  Three were times when you felt you were right there next to Pino and the characters.  Every time I read an historical fiction book about the Holocaust I learn more of the horror these people endured.  I myself am of Italian descent and I never knew what happened to all the Italians during WWII.  When Pino brings the Jews over the mountain to Switzerland you are at the edge of your seat as Mark explains the harrowing experience of the various climb and trips over difficult terrain and bad weather. Then the novel takes a turn and we are given her another story of Pin's life during the war.  This book is a true tale of family, courage and love.  Thank you Mark for telling this story.<br/><br/>Gina Forberg
 I really loved this book! It was a fairly quick read for its length and brought me to Italy in WWII. I gave it four stars instead of five only because of some light sex scenes. Nothing too graphic but I prefer clean reads.
 As a fellow author I really appreciate a book that's written with such magnificence . In this historical novel Pino Lella, a seventeen-year-old tells of his life's experience during WWII in Italy. It's a gripping tale about  the triumph of the human spirit. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Slice-of-Life-Stories/dp/B0779LRMXD/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Slice of Life Stories</a>
 I am giving the book and the reader a 5 star. The story is beautiful. Full of surprises and twists. When you think the book must be over there is another suspenseful situation or climax. I yearn to do more research regarding the Nazi general...i wish I could shake Pino's hand and say "Thank you. Job well done." But that just wouldn't be enough. I grew up in Bozeman. I wonder if I have ever met the author.....
 What a beautiful man. I’m so deeply sorry for all of his losses and greatly admire the strength and courage of Pino Lella. I am also so grateful that my son didn’t have to endure such terrible things. I look forward to returning to Italy with a renewed curiosity and maybe staying at Casa Alpina (now a hotel) to pay homage to the hero’s and victims of this terrible war in Italy, a front much too ignored throughout history.
 I enjoy fiction based on fact and this book was an enthralling read.  It was a "page turner" for me and this doesn't happen for me too often.  I don't believe I've ever read a book about how things were in Italy during World War II.  Italian politics at the time were extremely difficult at best.  Attempting to stay alive was the issue and treading the in's and out's of the war's progression made this a fascinating read.  I've recommended it to my book club members.
 This book had everything I look for in a book - good characters and a great story. The fact that it is based on actual people and events makes it that much better.  I had not read a book of WW II in Italy.  This book gave us a picture of the brave men, women and children of Italy.  I recommend Beneath a Scarlet Sky to anyone  who enjoys good characters and a great story.
 My father was in Italy when during that time in World War 2; he would never talk about his times there,he came home a damaged man,he would go on drinking binges,and finally was know led in a wreck when I was twelve.  When I became older,I became interested in reading all about what went on during that time,I thank you for the wonderful novel!
 This book sat in my Kindle Library for months because I just wasn't up for another war novel.  After moving it forward several times I finally opened it. Surprisingly it brought to  me another view that I hadn't read before.  A true story of Italy &amp; Pino Lella's (a  true unsung hero) experience during this horrific time with a follow up of his life &amp; the lives of other main characters in this wonderful book.
 This is a heart wrenching story about one young man’s WWII experience in Italy. I actually had to walk away from this about halfway through because I feared what was to come. Italy’s relationships during the war were complicated, which mirrored the protagonist’s experience. I’m glad I came back to it.
 We hear so much about different perspectives  of before, during and the end of World War II in different countries.  This book gives us the perspective from the average person and children living in Italy and what they had to endure and what spunk they showed.  I was turned off by the over 500 pages but once I got into the book I wanted more pages.
 This is the most compelling, passionate, wrenching, terrifying and amazing story I have ever read.  That it is true, no one reading it could ever doubt.  No one could invent such a story.  And no one reading this great book could imagine the pain and tragedy that marked the very soul of it's hero.  Kudos to the author!
 The author did a wonderful job with this story that needed to be told and I'm a better person for knowing it. The descriptions bring the book to life with you fighting along with the characters and rooting for their success. There is heartbreaking sadness but it reminds us that even in the face of unspeakable evil there are good people fighting the good fight and never giving up.
 I learned so much from this true story of a brave young man in Italy during the war.  How sad that the Nazis savagely murdered so many without a care for human life.  Yet, it’s amazing how many good people risked their own lives to save the lives of total strangers. I didn’t want to stop reading, as I couldn’t help but wonder what would happen next.  In the end I wanted Pino to find happiness, which I not sure he ever did.
 A great WW2 story about a true hero.  Coincidentally, I was in Italy on vacation while I read this so it resonated with me more.  Pino Lella endured so much at a young age while the Fascists and Nazis controlled his hometown of Milan.  From helping with the Catholic Underground to his observations and fighting that helped the Allies, I could not put this true tale down.
 I liked the story line and the fact that it's based on a true story. It held my attention all the way through with lots of action and drama.
 A very engaging read: entertaining, grounded in historical fact and written well enough for it to read like the story that it is. The afterword fills in the blanks as to the fate of all the characters in the story. This is a very nice touch for it is easy to forget that what you are reading is really a writer's rendition of a man's account of his life during the Nazi occupation of Italy. It reads like fiction, but it cleaves carefully to this man's personal experiences and the history that swept him up.
 Great story. Interesting first hand experiences, of a young man &amp; the 2nd world war in Italy. Written as fiction based on real facts.<br/>Not a literary masterpiece, but a good read. Could not put it down. I knew little about the Italian experience of Nazi occupation and the corresponding effects of Facism. Mark Sullivan obviously went to a lot of trouble to get this story together, seeking out the recollections from the man whose life it covers. I highly recommend it.
 This remarkable true tale of a young man's courage and survival during war-torn Milan reads like a fictional novel. However, we know that truth is often  stranger or more wondrous than fiction and that is the case for Pino Lella, a teenage Catholic trapped in Milan from Nazi invasion through their occupation and eventual demise. Danger, daring, love, faith, friendship, family, food, art and music - all of your senses will ve touched balancing the brutal first-hand accounting of Nazi savagery and inhumanity, senseless violence and death. Be sure to read the forward before beginning the story, a masterfully told page-turner, and complete the experience by reading the acknowledgements for a fully satisfying conclusion. I shall never forget Pino Lella and thank him for his loving service to humankind.
 With the many WWII books around, it’s easy to think that all the stories are the same. That’s wrong! This was such a fresh and engaging story. It had elements of others, but definitely put a unique spin on it. I couldn’t get enough!
 This is a very good book. I am not sure I understand the title, but the story is compelling, the characters are wonderful and I will probably read this again. Like any true story, it has its ups and downs, but that's because it is about life. I recommend that you buy a copy of this book and that you enjoy it and learn from it. I have already quoted Pino and Father Re to my students and to my family. I think you may find yourself talking about them, too.
 I am not usually a big history buff, but this novel is so well written I could not put it down.  The author did a fantastic job researching the life of the main character Pino.  The courage of this young man as he experiences the Nazi atrocities in Italy first hand as a personal driver of one of Hitler's key generals.  A very recommended read.
 The telling of this tail has brought a piece of humanity to the war and showing all the different points of view made the war clearer to me. Since few people alive today experienced it, I am glad to have had a window into the past to see what war does to all involved.
 I found this real life story to be fascinating and  remarkable in so many ways. I have read many books about the second world war and this book has several perspectives I hadn’t read before. It is a story of humanity, courage, hope and lots of intrigue. Highly recommended.
 Although each individual tragedy inflicted on innocents in Europe was different, the heartless murder, heartbreaking death and pointless destruction of people and their lives had a certain commonality; the capability of man to show utter contempt and no compassion or empathy to his fellow.  Yet, as in Pino's case, his  personal risk, sacrifice and agonizing guilt for not saving more people from the evil regime, stood in stark contrast to the war mongers.  Across the arc of the horrific conflict, there were many who fought against the darkness.  May their memories be blessed.
 Definitely an excellent, enlightening and engrossing novel.  The fact that it is based on the life of true, young Italian hero adds significance to the events and horrors described in the occupation of Northern Italy.  While the author took liberties in developing character relationships and dialogue, it is not difficult to believe what is portrayed as happening actually occurred.  Most definitely recommend this well written, fast paced, journey into life under Nazi and Fascist domination.
 I read for pleasure. It was a fantastic book with wonderful detail. The good overcomes evil when these monsters decide power is everything. Love and caring win every time. The sad part is there is so much suffering and loss first. Great bit of history.
 Mark Sullivan has written a memorable story about a remarkable man, Pino Lella, during WWII.  I found the story to be exciting as well as heartbreaking. Pino saw and experienced so much in his early adulthood that many of us decades later can only experience through stories such as these.  I definitely recommend this book.
 I could not put this book down. Wondering what was next how Pino would make it out and alive. A true testament to a wonderful man who's life was overflowing with love and determination. I never knew the terrible devastation the Nazis and Fascists but Italy through. This was a real eye opener and should be read and remembered. I would most definitely recommend this book. I already have and will continue to.
 Loved the story, especially since it's based on a real person during WW2.  Its both a love story and a story of survival. It makes you wonder what you would do facing similar circumstances. Some phrases spoken by the protagonist I felt were distinctly modern day. Also, I wonder whether there really was so much abundant food in Italy during the war. It was a yarn well worth reading. Highly recommended.
 This story was quite an introduction to the tragedies that faced the Italian people in the World War 2. It changed so many people's life's forever. What a hero and strong character Pino was and all those fighting against Hitler and his atrocities!  I was just there in Milan this summer and had I known I would of delved deeper into the history during that time. Loved the book and couldn't put it down !
 I have been fascinated and interested in reading primarily fiction about WW II, since I was a child, having witnessed some of the damage in the early 1950s. This story though is all the more amazing and engrossing for being true.
 It reads like fiction, but it's not.  Sullivan takes you to the beautiful city of Milan, into the snowy peaks of its surroundings.  I could feel the brisk breeze against my face and thrill at the harrowing climbs.  A bittersweet love story.  One steeped in patriotism, familial attachments and friendship.  This transported me back to WWII without weighing me down with all the atrocities of the time.  Thoroughly enjoyed.
 This book started really slow and I was tempted a few times to just let it go.<br/>I am glad I did not. Very beautiful, sad and heartwarming story.<br/>Very well done.
 This is another World War II story, but this time it takes place in Italy. It is a remarkable story about a remarkable man, Pino Lella. I just love to learn about these unsung heroes who risked so much during the war. As a teenager, Pino’s parents made him join the German army because they thought he would be safer. Pino had already been helping Jews escape over the Alps into Switzerland, and he wanted nothing to do with Hitler. However; against protest, he did join and became the driver for Gen ...more
 This is an amazing book. It tells the story of how Italians were affected by the Nazis. Gives so many details on what happened to not only the Jews but all the citizens. Great history. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to know more about World War 2 history. This provided a lot of information most people aren’t aware of.
 Every time I couldn't imagine where the story would go as a segment concluded, it took off in another direction, each segment better than the last. The fact it is based on a true story makes it all the better. The "where are they now" segment at the end is much appreciated. Highly recommend.
 I read this book because it was one of the free Amazon Prime books. To tell you the truth I have read a bunch of those books that  have not been exciting  - in fact I had to make myself finish them because I  kept thinking they would get better. Not this one! I couldn’t put this down. I loved it - the combination of action and drama made for a novel that made me want to keep reading even when I should hav been doing something  else. I rarely read non-fiction but this was mesmerizing - thank you for telling this story!
 Mark Sullivan's "Beneath a Scarlett Sky" is a World War II historic fiction story of Pino Lella, an Italian teenager who comes of age through  many unique and interesting situations towards the end of the War.  Plenty of suspense, love and intrigue.  While described as fiction, it is impossible to tell where history ends and the fiction begins.  A page turner - impossible to put down
 It is amazing that this story was never told before! The experience of ww2 is sadly intriguing because of the scope of horror. This book gave a look into that but better was the glimpse of the heroism of so many people - it humbled me and devastated me at the same time, having grown fond of all these people by name and story, to read the level of willingness to fight for Milan and Italy. Loved it and would highly recommend it to any reader (would be great for our high schoolers to read) both young and old.
 What an incredible story - right up there with Unbroken for page-turning, "I can't believe this happened" World War II narratives.  I couldn't put it down, and I ran through the whole range of emotions: pride, fear, joy, surprise, heartbreak, hope, relief...  After finishing yesterday I've finally run out of friends and relatives to recommend this book to, so why not share that with the Amazon community?
 Loved it! Hard to put down. That time I lived through in grade school and high school. Knew of the concentration camps but not all the "slave labor" that went on. The main character ,Pino, was so young to go through all that he did and to marry and raise a family after all that. How could he not have PTSD after what he endured. He had his Hell on earth. Felt a lot of different emotions while reading this book. first one I have read of all the atrocities of war in Germany as seen through the eyes of a 17 year old male that became a man very fast.
 I always loved reading WW2 historical fiction.  After a while many seem the same.  This is not. How this has never been told is amazing.  It makes me wonder how many more stories out there like this have never been told.  Hopefully groups continue to get as many accounts of people who lived this war before it is too late. Many times I wondered if it was all true.<br/>This should remind us there have been wars since this and we need to learn from all of them
 I'm confident this book will move you to tears, as it has for me, when you consistently remind yourself that our hero, Pino Lella, is a REAL person. He did all of these things. What's been fabricated or enhanced is just the dialogue. The prologue by Mr. Sullivan explains the many weeks he spent in Italy with Pino learning his story. We owe Mr. Sullivan so much gratitude for sharing this beautiful story with the world. We haven't heard much about Italy during WWII, but we're about to.  This is easily one of the most beautiful, haunting, life-changing books I've ever read, and I will read it again and again.
 I felt like I was in the story, sitting in the passenger seat watching each event as it unfolded. I thank the author for his work in telling the story of Italy during the war. An excellent book.
 It took a while for me to get into this story. At times I found it hard to believe that it really happened. One thing I really appreciated was the account of the Catholic Church's role in helping the Jews in Italy. The hope has been criticized for not doing enough, but according to this book, he did help, and I am glad this part of history has been recorded.<br/><br/>Pino was a lucky man.
 I enjoyed this book although I sometimes wondered what was history and what was historical fiction and re-read the author's notes several times. A compelling story about a man who history missed and passes over, but to those whose lives he touched, will never be forgotten.
 I have always enjoyed history and I have never read anything about world war 11 Italy.  This book is so exciting I couldn't put down.  God had to be watching over Pina as many times he faced death!!!!  So if you are a history buff you will enjoy this book.
 A very interesting account about events in WWII that are not often told.  Most WWII and Holocaust stories are about Hitler or about the concentration  camps or people escaping.  Far fewer are about people in Italy and what was going on in their world at the time--how the country was divided in their loyalty or about the over zealous partisan groups that were so bent on revenge that they made mistakes and killed people who were on their side.<br/>Pino Lela was an exceptional young man.  I am glad his story has been shared
 This is one of the best books about WWII I have ever read(and there are many).  The book takes place in Italy and truly engages the reader.. If you ever what the war was like in Italy, read this book. If you want to know why people behave in war as they do, read this book. There are so many questions that will be answered for you about  WWII when you read this book. In short, read this book!
 This story was like 3 in one.  A young teen boy helping people escape the War by secretly taking them over the mountians to save their lives. Second part was same young man working with and for the enemy.. or so he thought... kept your interest as one did not know who to trust ?  Last, after the war was over the man coped with his losses  to the end of his life, A true hero who faced a hard time with his memories.
 Thrilling account of of German invasions in Italy during WWll. Knowing this was based on a true story made all the dangers and the commitment Pino gave to his beloved Italy amazing.
 I will be of no help. My husband read this book and all I heard was “oh no’s” and OMG’s from him.  He loves suspense, war and is a sucker for a poignant love story, so there must have been some of all of the above.  It’s on his kindle and he’s onto another WWII book already.  Asked him how many stars he would give it, 1-5. He said “10” !
 The author has taken  a little known piece of history from WWW II and developed it into a fascinating novel. This is a spellbinding story which had to be told. Once I started reading, I couldn't put it down. Heroes come in many forms. This book describes one of those heroes.
 Reading the story of Pino Lella during occupied Italy was horrific but exciting to read. I could not put it down. Mark Sullivan moves the scenes along quickly and does not embellish. He provides a great balance of scene detail and dialog without getting in the way. Amazing story.
 The author interviewed a man who grew up during the war and did what he had to do to stay alive.  Needless to say, the story was powerful.  It is humbling to realize that this was based on fact and people lived through horrible conditions and lost close friends and relatives.  I particularly liked<br/>the update at the end which brings you up to the current day.  Not having much information on the war prior to this, the book was an eye opener for me.  This is well written and very easy to read.
 Okay, so I'm only two chapters into this book, but I find the writing style incredible!  This is the first book in quite awhile that I couldn't wait to begin reading.  I don't care if the history is accurate, I read a lot of fiction and find this book compelling. I thrive on beautiful writing, and am totally in love with this book.
 One of my all time favorite books is Unbroken.  Well, Beneath the Scarlet Sky is now on #1 on my list of favorites.  Beautifully written.  A compelling story of one young boys/man's experiences in World War II.  It's a can't-put-it-down read.  I promise you will be touched by this man's story and it will give you a lot to think about as well.
 You meet each significant character during the early days of the war in Italy and watch them grow into themselves over the course of several years of war, which each character going in different directions as the war evolves.  Acts of bravery, rebellion and loss lead each to learn new lessons about themselves and others.
 My new favorite book and new favorite author! I cannot say enough good things about this book. When I finished it I called my brother and told him he had to read this book. He has to get his own, because I won’t part with mine!
 Such a good book; amazing story; interesting characters! It was so easy to love Pino Lella. Author Sullivan allowed this reader to further understand this time in history, not only through actions but also through Pino's thoughts, feelings and beliefs. By the end of the book, I felt I knew this wonderful person who had managed to live through such an incredible life.
 This is an unknown, untold story that is presented in amazing detail.  The research that went into this must have been staggering.  Wonderful, heartwarming story of courage and determination from a different and refreshing view of WWII.  Loved the writing.
 If you love historical fiction set during World War II then this book is a must read.  Pino Lella is an amazing man, a quiet hero.  A well written account of tragic and horrific events that occurred in history, witnessed and lived by Pino.  It is a book you will not want to put down until you have finished it.
 I really enjoyed reading this very well written novel of WWII &amp; the German occupation of Milan.  The author does an excellent job of making you feel the terror of the occupation of all of Italy but makes you feel the pride and determination of the Italian resistance.  The best part is that it is all true.  Enjoy this one, you won't be sorry!
 This book was great.  Learned so much about WW2 in Italy. E joyed looking at maps of places Pino went and lived his early years. A good story of the Nazis in Italy and the people they ruled and destroyed during the war. Plus a love story as well, and one mans heroism during the Occupation of Italy. A very good read and I learned so much,.
 This is a story about a real life Italian Forest Gump World War II hero. An incredible boy who quickly became a man during the German occupation of Italy during the war. The horrors he witnessed and his patriotism and incredible courage and achievements are almost too great to fathom. This book gives an excellent glimpse into the Italian 3rd front which I knew so little about.
 This was  incredibly enjoyable and well written… Easy to read… beautifully drawn characters And gave me added information about the war that I have not been able to glean from anybody else's work… I highly recommend this to anyone interested in the period of the 1940s
 This is a truly amazing story.  It is a page turner with continuous action, add in the a pact that it is a true story and this book becomes even more amazing.  There honestly were no slow points in this book.  The only downside is I missed out on sleep because I wanted to keep reading.
 I have a problem with writing this review because the author promotes this book as based on a true story. Here I have a credibility issue, as the events in the life of seventeen year old Pino Lella read like a Marvel comic story.<br/>Set in Italy during World War II, when according to the author (who interviewed Pino in old age) this teenager acted as a guide to assist the escape of Jewish people from Italy to Switzerland over the mountain passes. This portion is believable given Pino’s background as a keen climber and accomplished skier. However from the point at which Pino digs out a group of Jewish escapees, after an avalanche has buried the hut in which they all spent the night; then carries a heavily pregnant Jewish woman on his back through a snow storm to the Swiss border, my credulity was more than strained! After this event, our young superhero is serendipitously offered a job as a driver to a high ranking German officer in Milan, where he acts as a spy for the resistance &amp; falls in love. Anna, his lover, just happens to be someone he met months earlier &amp; happens to have found work as maid to the high ranking officer’s mistress. Pino travels all over Italy as driver to General Leyers apparently witnessing every event of importance during the Italian campaign. At the same time, he is regularly passing on important information to the Allies. He personally gets to meet Mussolini &amp; his mistress. He has a warm personal relationship with the Catholic Cardinal of Milan. All this is hard to swallow.<br/>The historical events in war-torn Italy, which I presume were researched thus true, are interesting and make for compelling reading. However, the part played by Pino in the War are at best a figment of an old man’s glorified imagination, at worst a pack of lies.<br/>This story would have been best promoted as pure fiction.  Unfortunately the writing is poor, especially the section on the love affair between Pino and Anna, where the author constantly makes musical references to supposedly heighten reader emotion.<br/>A mixed bag.  A compelling storyline, which if well executed could have been riveting.  Instead it reads as unconvincing melodrama. The beautiful book cover initially attracted me &amp; led to my purchase of this book.
 This novel might have been a book I read faster than any other before (maybe in 4-5 days). That’s considering how busy I normally am. The book grabs you, pulls you in, and changes your perspective on the world.<br/>Reading the book I regretted my grandfather passing away while I was too young to hear his war story. A Soviet soldier in WWII,  he participated in liberating of Germany and later was sentenced to serving in a Gulag camp in Siberia.<br/>Anyway, a fantastic read. Please enjoy the account of the brave Pino Lella’s story and celebrate his life.
 I almost didn’t read this book. At first it felt clumsy and unedited. But as I kept going, I realized it was powerful and full of emotion. That it is a true story was even more incredible. I can’t imagine living through the horrors of WWII and coming out of it to live a full and wonderful life. Pino Lella was right in the middle of it. His heart was broken time and time again and yet he recovered and lived a full life. An amazing story.
 I usually don't write book reviews because I read so many. But I felt this book merited a review. Not only is the writing incredible but it's a story that's been waiting a lifetime to be told. It's a story that sticks with you for the rest of your life and reminds you what human beings are capable of doing and enduring for life, love, honor and doing what's right. AMAZING book. This and Unbroken are on the same level in terms of haunting and incredible. This is a must read for anyone who loves historical non-fiction. Or for anyone who loves reading, books or the stories of real people.
 I learned a little bit, I enjoyed the description of the people, their way of living during this very difficult time. I suffered with them and I hated some, but I really like the book and I strongly recommend it.
 This novel was amazing.  No periods of boredom, just enough detail, the story moved along at a perfect pace. The 508 pages didn't seem long because I was captivated by story, action, suspense, drama, and yes a bit of romance.  It was never predictable.  I could picture the scenes because just enough detail was given to allow my imagination to fill in the rest.  I highly suggest it.
 A look inside Italy during WW11, particularly Milan, through the eyes and heart of a teenager Pino Lella.<br/>It is complicated, heart wrenching joyful and the ending displays heroism and the horror that lives on even as life returns. War is a monster that breed hero's and villains and leaves many victims in it's wake.
 This was one of the best books I've read this year.  The story about young Pino Lella who got involved with the resistance in Italy during WWII. He was able to help Jewish families, and help his own people over several years throughout the war.  The book had me from the beginning and kept me glued to my book until the end.  This book was based on a real person, but as the author said, it was written as a biographical and historical fiction, that closely follows the young man’s story.
 Oh my, an emotional roller coaster. One of those true stories that is more amazing than fiction! I won't recap storyline or characters as others have done that well already, but I just want to add how profound a study this work is in picturing the indomintable human spirit. Man at his best, man at his worst. The revenge killings in the aftermath of the German retreat from Milan are as hideous and heartbreaking as some of the Nazi atrocities themselves. This is a book well worth reading, not just for the adventure, intrigue, edge-of-your-seat experience, but for a look into the nobility, despair, triumph and conflicting human emotions of the people who had to live through a truly heinous and dangerous time in world history. Well done, Mr. Sullivan!
 I'm not one to typically write reviews, but this has to be the most incredible book I've ever read. I bought it for my father, who in turn bought it for my grandmother and my brother. The book really makes you feel and the story is truly incredible. I haven't stopped talking about it since I finished it. HIGHLY HIGHLY recommended.
 This is an incredible story of a young man’s World War II experience in northern Italy. The horrors of war and the destiny of individuals living in this reality. Pino was one of millions with a personal story to tell. And an incredible story it is — one I think I shall long remember.
 If you like a good read, this book is  for you, what a life the main character led, and to think its true, it might be stated it is a work of fiction  because  all the  facts cant be coroborated, well my preference is to belive  its history , I couldnt stop reading , its a story  that will capture  your  imagination and  make you think, well written and I thank the author for writing  it, worthy of 5 stars without  doubt!
 I am so glad I chose to read this book. Well written and a unbelievable story of another unsung hero. Sullivan does a great job of reliving  and retelling the story of life  during World War Two ,that most of us  ,humans would have  never been aware of.  A wonderful tribute to Pino and,all the other survivors of  such a sad time in history.
 So many questions are answered in this superbly written story about World War II and Italy’s participation and pain.  Sullivan pulls the reader in right at the beginning. Well done!! I hope this becomes a movie one day!
 I loved the accounts of WWII in Italy.  The characters came to life within my imagination so clearly it was as if I was there.  The story was intense and dramatic and filled with life.  The life off Pino in this time of war was intriguing and powerful.  The surprises of what life’s direction had in store for Pino kept me up and turning pages to find out about his life and WWII IN Italy.
 IFyou miss reading this you will definately have missed a master piece.Brilliantly written,,couldnt put it down,this is a must not miss read
 For a historical novel, this book is a real page turner. There is action from start to finish in a very unusual and inspiring story. I highly recommend it to anyone with an interest in late WWII history of northern Italy or who just likes a rip roaring tale.
 Until today I was not a fan of historical novels... but "Scarlet Sky" has changed my mind completely. It is the story of the conclusion of WWII in Italy with the various interactions of differing political views. But it is told from the vantage point of one individual, and that alone made it impossible for me to put it down. Highly recommended.
 Kindle First Edition--  Mark Sullivan has woven fragments of a long forgotten, WW2 true story, into one of the best books that I have ever read. He has turned 17 year old Pino  Lella into a living, breathing, soldier. He transports us into his story and puts you right into the action.
 I loved the fact that this account was based on the incredible true story of a young man in Italy during WWII. I admit to being a bit concerned  that the account was perhaps augmented by the author as he filled in gaps and tried to create a narrative flow. The end result was fascinating and I was fully immersed in the story.  Finding purpose,  and even joy,  in the midst of the chaos and confusion of war elevated the book, in my opinion. I belong to one of those weird families that reads aloud to each other and I plan to read this to 12 and 13 year old boys (glossing over a couple of hard scenes).<br/>Thank you, Mr. Sullivan, and God bless Pino.
 This book is so well written and makes one feel they are living every moment along with the main character.  I loved this book so much that I did not want it to end.  I bought this, my second copy, as a gift for my sister.
 None shall sleep when reading this book. I thought that I'd known almost everything about WW II.  Mark Sullivan proved me very wrong. His tale about this relatively small part of war and of his main character, Pino, is mesmerizing. Don't miss it.
 Minus a star for trudging start and heavy and lengthy descriptions.  Fresh to find a sad WWII love story. Too many authors romanticize lost and found love amidst war. Overall,  I'm glad I chose this title one month as an Amazon Kindle first reads.
 Wow!  As I read this I thought it was just a novel, a very good novel! Then at the end to read about all the work the author put into digging and researching this and that these were real people just made my wow become WOW!  Mark Sullivan writes a story that is worth making into a great movie.
 I enjoyed this book. It was a slow start but  once I made my mind up to finish I really got absorbed  with it.  the Hitler era was a terrible nightmare and one I wish everyone would  be aware of.
 The setting is Italy. The time is 1941-45, WWII. The central chacter and hero is a seventeen year old boy who at 90 is still alive. This book is really a must read. The author has done meticulous research and interviews. His prose style is clear and powerful. It is more correctly called historical fiction
 Wow! What a ride!! This is one amazing story! It grabbed my interest from the beginning and made me travel to another time and place.  I appreciate all the research and fact finding that went into this book.  I always wondered why there weren’t many stories about people fighting against the Nazis. The bravery shown by the boys, men and women in this book is mind-boggling!! The number of times Pino faced death is uncountable! The atrocities that people faced were absolutely deplorable. The ending is....I’ll let the readers figure that out...
 I saw an Amazon review and immediately ordered this on Kindle.  You’d think that Mark Sullivan perhaps fictionalized some of it, because how could it all be true?  But it’s all explained in the aftermath.  Wonderfully researched.  Pino, a true hero!
 What an amazing story, based on the true life expediences of a young Italian man's life during WWII. Through the devastation of Italy under Nazi rule, Pino Lella does what he has to do to serve &amp; protect his family, friends, the Jewish community &amp; his beloved country, all while serving as a Nazi soldier. High five to Mark Sullivan for researching &amp; telling Pino's gut wrenching, heart-stopping story.
 Although listed as a novel and told as a true story this piece is more page-Turner than could gave BEEN. There is far too much "Italianizing" than was needed.  The dialog is too Dragnet and simple and perhaps kept the emotional impact ramped down.<br/>Otherwise a grand sweeping story that needed telling along side The Scarlett and the Black.
 I read this book while vacationing in Italy.  It's a great historic read, that is seems to be very close to a true story.  I also liked reading the afterward to learn what happened to the "characters" in the book the war was over.  Overall a great read!
 This book brought to light the plight of those in Italy during WWII. This was not taught in any history class that I ever took and it should have been!
 I really enjoyed this book. I learned a lot about Italy and some of it's role in WWII  that I had never knew before. I have read Mark Sullivan's books written with James Patterson but I'm glad to have now read one of his solitary novels. A very touching novel that I stayed up all night to read.
 Pino is fearless and wise. He has a good heart and serves the greater good. This story sheds light on how Italy was affected by WWII. Pino was a passionate Italian and lived out his life that way.
 This story takes the reader on a young man’s personal journey as a spy for the Italian Resistance against the Nazis during wartime.  Pretending to be affiliated with the Nazis, Pino carries the reader through a personal journey, with such emotion that it was almost impossible to lay the book aside.
 I’d given it a 3 1/2 if I could.. it was fascinating reading about the history of Italy under nazi rule and the true brave heroics of Italian m’en and women.  But if a book takes me more than two months to read it’s not a 5 for me.. part of it was the writing style that seemed choppy at times. But I loved getting to know these brave people that helped in the resistance.
 OMG  as an aficionado of non fiction this was a page turner.  Pino's story is fascinating, unbelievable what this man went thru.  The author explained in such vivid details it totally transported me in time and place to Italy.  I recommend this book to those still obsessed with the Nazi invasion of Italy, the atrocities committed and the Italian resistance.  Great story !
 Although this is a true historical account of one man's life during WWII, it reads like great fiction.  My father was stationed in Italy at the end of the war, but he never really talked much about it either. A must read for the baby boomers!
 Beautifully written. Beautiful love in a time of utter despair. And a tribute to a quiet gentle hero. I am so glad to have found this book and to know about this tremendously courageous man. Thank you Mark Sullivan
 This is a story situated in WWII - however, mostly based in Italy and in everything happening around at the time - so not quite the 'usual' already told story.<br/>It has genuine characters, illustrates different struggles, there's obviously a huge role of love during times of war and also the confusing roles and impressions sometimes incorrectly transmitted.<br/>The story is very well written and it's easy to understand all the scenarios and to imagine in great detail what it must have been like.
 This is not the type of book I normally read, much to my detriment.  Thoroughly gripping, awe-inspiring, and heart-rending.  An amazing life lived, an amazing story told. Recommend most highly.
 I was hooked from the beginning and could not put this book down. It fills in the blanks what happened to Italy during WW2, which is largely skimmed over in the historical accounts. But this book is not a dry tedious account; it is a living breathing account of hundreds of thousands of Italians, who endured under the Axis powers. Very well told. After reading this book, I will never visit Italy again and only see the physical beauty. I will understand the soul of it's people, as well.
 This book is superbly written, entertaining and one of those books you don't want to put down until you finish it in the middle of the night. I find there aren't very many books out there detailing an average Italians life during this time period and it was great.
 I loved the book!  It was one of the best books I've read for a long, long time.  Powerfully written, thought provoking--especially on man's inhumanity to man!  The bravery of the Italian people was so moving.  I laughed and I cried.  Everyone should read this book!
 A fantastic read! Well paced. Story is fantastic. I keep thinking about many of the things that happened in the story. A vivid portrayal of life toward the end of WWII in Italy. Highly recommended!
 I wish I could add more stars to this review. I was swept away into the plot and read it in a matter of days while working full time. It was written beautifully, the details were excellent even though they break your spirit some, and I felt transported back to WWII while reading. Warning: You will most likely cry during this book.<br/>I just want to thank Mark Sullivan for writing a book that I will read and read again, and telling the story of a man that I will forever admire. ❤️
 I enjoyed the book. It was an easy read and held my attention throughout. I have read some reviews that took issue with the historical accuracy but I did not read it as history but as an engaging story.
 I just finished this book last night and still basking in the emotions it evoked in me. What a story of courage and determination. To be so young yet mature enough to carry out the task's asked of him. I have read many many books and this would be on my keeper shelf if it wasn't on my kindle. Highly recommended.
 A well written story of the atrocities of WW II and the many ways people change in the course of a few years. The events during that time where people must decide which side they are on, what things are important to them and worth fighting for, and where their loyalties lie; the events changing their passions, their desperation and instinct to survive, bearing heartbreak, and still hanging on to love and hope. Most of us have not experienced wars and can't even imagine what the experience would be like or how we would handle it. This story, based on a true story, really decribes the physical setting as well as the wide range of emotions experienced by the characters. I highly recommend it.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time. It is exciting, breathtaking, scary and very sad. Hard to understand how someone could endure the horror of those two years.<br/><br/> It is a fast-paced story based on actual people and events, but presented as a novel, given the missing pieces of information. If you like recent historical fiction, I think you will thoroughly enjoy this work.
 I'm not a big reader of non-fiction, but I am a big reader. This story is amazing. The bravery, horrors and beauty of life in Italy during WWII was lovingly written. The ending is so dramatic and touching. Read this.
 This was an amazing story and it truly touched me. The sense of humanity that was this mans compelling force in life is just amazing. Get the book read it and then read it again.
 It is hard to believe this remarkable story has never been discovered and told before. It would make such a fine movie, if properly directed.<br/>If you enjoy a good read this WWII drama based on a true story that took place in Milan, Italy and the surrounding area will aptly fill the bill. The author really brought it vividly into focus and, a fantastic story it is. Bravo!!
 I enjoyed learning about the Italian resistance in World War II through the eyes of Pino Lella. His faith and bravery were awe inspiring, and his humbleness and humanity poignant. The book was hard to put down with so much intrigue - a definite page turner. I enjoyed the author's descriptions of the Italian Alps and, having traveled to several of the places in Pino's story, could envision them differently than I had experienced them in peace time. The cruelties of war were difficult to read about but I feel it is important to read stories like these so we can learn from those who were witnesses how truly awful and tragic war can be.
 I'm not a history buff - but the details of this book will stay with me for a long time.  In fact, I'm going to go back and re-read some of it again - making sure I know the details of Anna's death and General Leyers' motives and past.  Incredible read!
 Driving a German general around northern Italy as U.S. troops are fighting their way up the Italian peninsula Pino Lella learns first hand about German lust, greed, deceit and ruthlessness, but he also learns about his own courage and his capacity to love. I recommend this book to everyone like me who loves those little known but compelling gems not found in history books.
 Not only is Pino’s story amazing, the author managed to capture so many aspects of Pino’s life in this short novel that I was disappointed when it ended. I smiled, I cried...my knowledge of WW II is expanded because of this book. Thank you for touching my heart.
 The book was  well written and kept my attention starting with page  1.  I didn't<br/><br/>The book was well written and grabbed my attention from the first page.  The protagonist was a war hero whose experiences were almost  unbelievable.  His intelligence and bravery made his life story extremely interesting and the book was hard to put down.<br/><br/>😅
 It was difficult to stop reading and go to bed. The writing brilliantly took me into every scene. The amount of research that went into this book was evident, and made every chapter vivid. This one one of the best books I have read in quite a while.
 This was an awesome read! I was transfixed by life of Pino Lella in a terrible time in our world's history. Very informative, heartbreaking and heartwarming.
 This book is exceptional.  The story of this extraordinary man, and the incredible tragedies and triumphs he overcame will move you for weeks, maybe months after you've finished.<br/><br/>It's our responsibility to keep others informed of the history of heroism and horrors that took place during WWII and this true story is an excellent way to do just that.
 In reading this book you will become part of the life of Pino Lella as he is drawn into the dark times of World War 2 in Italy. Through the story, you will witness Italy as it descends into the Nazi orb, and the perils faced by Italians under the despotic German occupiers. This story will grip your soul, both touch and break your heart, and hold your interest from cover to cover. You will be moved and inspired by Pino. Do not miss the opportunity to read.
 This is an amazing story of selflessness, heroism and intrigue that could have almost been breathtaking and impossible to put down. Instead, much of it hit me as flat when my heart should have been racing or forced when the action should have flowed. This is a must read, but it is, unfortunately, not a great read. I hope the movie captures what the book does not.
 It was very hard to put this book down as I was completely immersed in the story of Pino's heroism in war-torn Italy during WWII. Most of us have no idea what the effects of the atrocities of war would have on our lives. Nor how we would act or react in horrible situations beyond our control.<br/>I have a feeling this book will stay with me for a long time and will be one of those books that I will come back and read again.<br/>One of the best stories I've read. Would definitely recommend this to everyone.
 By far and away this is the best novel that I have ever read regarding a person in World War II.  There are fascinating moments and scary times as well.  The beautiful descriptive language makes you feel like you are right there along with Pino.<br/>i truly belive I came away from this novel with an improved sense of humanities worth despite the hardships and cruelties of war.
 I greatly enjoyed this book and hearing about such an interesting individual. Some of what happened during that time is awful but it’s great to hear about the heroes that fought against the evil.
 I was recommending this book to friends before I’d even finished it. Historical fiction is not a genre I would typically choose for myself but I’m so grateful I made this exception. I was captivated by Pino’s story and learned more about Italy’s part in WW ll than I did in any history class. I don’t know that I’ve ever been so emotionally involved in a story as I was with this one.
 I would not have thought a war story would have held my attention, but this one resounded thru and thru. Just when  I thot that a part couldn't get any better, such as Pino smuggling Jews thru the dangerous alps, the scene changed to another such as falling in love or driving for the Nazi general.  Thrilling book! Can't wait for the movie!
 The story of Pino Lella and his courage, bravery, loss and perseverance in the Italian front during WW 2 is nothing less than amazing. I have read many books about WW 2 and the Holocaust, but I had never read anything about the ravages of war experienced by the Italians or the caring and assistance provided by thousands of Italians and the Catholic Church to so many Jews fleeing the Nazis. This is a beautiful  story of heroism, tragedy, heartbreak and love. It is also a reminder that we should be grateful for each day of our lives because no one knows what the future holds. This book has something to offer everyone.
 An absolutely fantastic book  - simply AMAZING! This is an unforgettable book you simply can't put down. You want twists and turns - it has 'em in spades! If this was a work of fiction it would be great  - but as true story it's a 10. This book that should become a Classic.
 This book was absolutely magnificent. I could not put  it down. My father was an Italian soldier during this war and saw many of the atrocities that Pino did.  It was written is such a way that I felt I was listening to my dad all over again.
 Fantastic story and very well written. This gives an incredible insight into what life in Italy was like during Nazi occupation and the subsequent liberation by the Allies. It accurately depicts historical characters, places and times. Even though this is listed as a novel, the story is absolutely true. It should have been written as a historical non fiction and not a novel. The author even admits he intended it to be non fiction. However, since he was unable to authenticate all aspects of the story he chose to write it as a novel which is why I only gave it 4 stars.
 WOW.  Best book I have read  all year.  Ok , first i'm a ww 2 history buff,  a lover of Italy &amp; the  Italian people and lastly this is just a dam<br/>Great read.<br/><br/>Buy it. Read it. You will enjoy it and be a better person for knowing this story.
 So well written, a real page turner, hard to put down. It’s difficult to imagine that this really happened. It’s hard to understand that people can treat another human with such cruelty.  I would like to see a sequel or at least more epilogue to answer some of my questions but maybe the answers don’t exist.
 I felt a full range of emotions reading this book. The book was very well written with incredible detail. This book really makes you think about life, love, war, and the human condition. I'd recommend everyone read it.
 Pino Lela is almost a fictional character who endures love, tragedy, unspeakable horror and the courage to live through it all.  I have read many historical fiction books on WWII.  They all have a common thread, a protagonist who gives the reader a clear insightful look at the war of all wars.  I loved this book.
 Wow!  I can't add much to the 15,000 other reviews (as of the time of this review), but did want to add my five-star rating.<br/><br/>An incredible, powerful book about some fascinating, little-known, and incredibly sad episodes during World War II.  A fantastic story, well-told.
 I've read a lot of books set during World War II, set in England, set in Germany, Poland and France but Italy has been a forgotten front. I was intrigued by the premise from the beginning. The story, about REAL people who experienced the horrors of Fascist and Nazi occupation and fought against the occupiers, was mesmerizing. This is a must-read!
 Had no idea what this book was about.  Title could have been a romantic novel.  Glad to have met  Pino Lella. Great story of love and heroism,  of hatred and brutality. After over 70 years, the Nazi atrocities seem unimaginable.  I recommend this book 100%.
 I appreciate the time and research put in to writing this novel. I love reading stories that are based on actual evens and/or people. I feel a great appreciation and respect for those who lived through WWII trying to stay the person they are and doing what they know is right.  Thank you Pinto Lella and the author for sharing this story!  Everyone should read it!
 The novel, based on a true story, follows the astonishing exploits of a young Italian man who becomes a spy during the height of WWII.<br/>Full of twists and turns, the tale of danger and intrigue is both compelling and touching.
 This is an incredibly thorough and well written book. It gives you great insight to a war that many of us know nothing about. The loss and sacrifice of family friends and country is heartbreaking and humbling.<br/><br/>A must read for everyone and as the author mentions that, if you are going through tough times , this will put them in perspective for you. There are heroes we may never know that changed the world.  This is one of those stories about such brave and scared heroes
 Fantastic book. I am not a big WWII buff like some people, but I really enjoyed this book. The fact it's based on true events is mind boggling and heart wrenching. It gives a very interesting insight in to the gray areas of the war and what families had to deal with, some things are not as they seem. I couldn't turn pages fast enough, it was well written with an intriguing  plot line.
 I loved the fast pace of this book. It took all of my time because I couldn’t put it down. Now that I’m finished I can get on with my ordinary life thankful for all that I have and blessed for all the things I haven’t had to experience. A wonderful, beautifully written book!
 This book kept my interest to the very end, and then I wanted more. Love how the author writes and depicted all of the great characters. It was wonderful seeing the Milan area of Italy through the eyes of the main character, as well as giving me a history lesson.  I do hope it becomes a movie, like they are saying it will be.
 The story was great ...the ending wasn't as satisfying as I would have liked but I truly enjoyed the book!!.  I listened to this on audible and the narrator was very slow in his reading which drove me crazy....I wanted a "speech speed" like when you are talking to someone....not a "drawn out" dialogue.
 The book started slow and a little boring.  As the action progressed, I was constantly on edge  wondering<br/>what else could one individual endure.  The horror of the suffering and the horror of what people and groups are capable of doing reminds me that it is still happening today.
 This is an incredible story of what it was like living in Italy during WWII. Anyone who had an uncle, father, grandfather or other family member that was in the 2nd world war needs to read this incredible story. I have never been so compelled to go visit a region where these events took place until reading this book. A must read.
 This book grabbed me from the first page.  It is so masterfully written, bringing vivid images and emotions into play throughout.  I love historical fiction but this is an actual account of a young Italian boy in Milan at the beginning of the Nazi occupation.  Not to give anything away but the importance of the events he serendipitously falls into are astounding.  This is a must read and would make a blockbuster film.
 Mark Sullivan has written a powerful work, that although fictionalized, tells a true story of bravery and sainthood. This is a story of war, but it is also a story of faith and love. Sullivan brings the horrors of WWII, as seem through the eyes of a young man, into sharp focus. We come to know Pino, to feel what he felt, and see what he saw. You will dance with Pino. You will cry with Pino. You will grieve with Pino. Buy this book and dive in. I'll bet you can't put it down. This book will blow your mind.
 It was an engrossing, edge of your seat tale. Some of it smacks of a guilty man trying to cover up his activities and he had over 70 years to to get his story just right. On the other hand, very strange and tragic things happened to people during that war so who really knows whether it's true or not. In the final analysis, does it really matter? It's a great yarn.
 At first it was hard to believe this was a true story but how could it not be if the characters were so real that one could feel them as a friend or a nephew or a brother? Anna was tangible and so was Pino. Magnificent I can say without doubts. Highly recommended.
 It is amazing how full and utterly challenging and precious one life can be. A terrific read. Inspiring life of a real human being—heroic, tragic, compelling. Also a good reminder of the horrors of war -- and how war brings out both the best and the worst in human nature.
 Apart from Ken Follet’s early novels I'm not usually a fan of WW2 stories. But this tale, set in Italy and based on fact, grabbed my attention and wouldn't let go. Fact is often stranger than fiction and this ’novel’ is a typical example. I recommend this book to everyone, no matter what genre you prefer.
 Wonderful book, held me captive through out.  I half read and half listened on audio....So much history that I never knew... so much about WWII has been written but little about the war in Italy.  I found the story line to be powerful, but also tragic.  At times I felt like I was in the story.  I so enjoy the follow up at end of the book about the characters in the book... I can not recommend it enough...Mark Sullivan is a great writer...
 My Uncle had been shot down doing bombing runs on Italy during WWII. Picked up by Italians and turned over to the Germans, he spent the last 22 months of WWII in prisoner of war camp. That's the period of this book and revealed the astonishing activities of the Italian resistance and the horrendous, and often irrational retaliation of neighbors against neighbors. Thanks for thus engaging story to fill in a gap in my knowledge.
 Wow... this is the most potent and gut wrenching story I've read to date.  And that's saying a lot.  The story itself is based on true biographical events that occurred in Italy during the last two years of WWII.<br/><br/>The cast of characters are well developed and the story line, thrilling as it is, never seems to stop.  From the death defying acts of smuggling Italian Jews through the Swiss Alps; to an 18 year-old, (Pino Lella), and his covert spying, (code name,  "the observer") on Nazi Maj Gen Hans Leyers.<br/><br/>The insanity of war and its yoke of despair are on full display.  Relationships of key members are explored and a glut of raw emotions percolate throughout.<br/><br/>Kudos goes out to author Mark Sullivan for shedding light on such an exemplary, epic tale.  I look forward to the movie that's in the works by Pascal Pictures.  A block buster surly is in the making.<br/><br/>Also I tip my hat to my oldest brother Bill.  After reading his "6 star" Amazon review, I had to "pony-up" and order a copy for myself.  Feel free and do the same, as you won't be disappointed, I assure you!
 Excellent! Flows easilyand is very hard to put down.  A true story that is just now being told. Highly recommend this book to all. Great history lesson. I'm sure I will read this again. The author did a great job with the follow up at the end, telling where the people are today, and what occurred since the war was over. Simply amazing.
 I truly enjoyed this book and hope Mark Sullivan will keep them coming!  It gave me great insight into history while being very exciting and entertaining as well.  Thank you, Mark, for all the time, energy, and attention you put into telling this story!
 One of the best books I've ever read.  It follows the life of a true hero and has so many twists and turns that only a true life experience can demonstrate it.  Just when you think you know the core of the story, it changes.  When the end of WWII was taking place in Italy this war torn region had experienced much pain and change either from the Nazis or the  Fascists.  The people involved with the hero of the book included the worst of both groups and his losses and sacrifices were beyond human abilities.  He rose to the occasion and made a difference in the war that saved many lives.  You really can't make this up.  Fast and wonderful reading, much in the same ilk as "Unbroken" by Laura Hillinbrand.
 If even half of this story is true Pino was an incredible man who  lived more than 99 % of folks who pass through this existence.  The joy and pain in this story are over the top.  I can understand why his love for Anna never died.  Anyone would be lucky to experience love like that, even for a short while.
 I just finished this incredible tale of an Italian hero of WWII. I had never read about how Italy was affected by the war. Such a horrible time in our world and I hope that we never have to go thru it again. An excellent book and by an excellent storyteller.
 Entertaining, yet devastating. A tragic and very human reminder of an era that I suspect many are starting to forget - told through the truly unique and remarkable story of an Italian boy in WW2.<br/><br/>Everyone should read this.
 I chose this book as I'm always interested in individuals life experience and history. The story is incredible. It is always ah in spring to learn what individual people do fir others. I highly recommend this book it a very emotional and impactful read.
 WWII was such a horrible time, with so many different stories.  You don't hear much about Italy, from the Italian viewpoint.  The man who's life this novel was based upon, really did have an incredible life.
 Brings to light after so many years, the mostly untold story of life in Italy during wwII. Well written, both heartwarming and heartbreaking.  Call me old fashioned, perhaps prudish, but as in much of today's books, excessive and overly descriptive accounts of sexual intimacy caused me to award 4 instead of 5 stars. I have only praise for the remainder of the authors presentation.
 If you are an interested reader of WWII stories, I highly recommend this. Based on a true story of one hero's journey through hell and back in WWII Italy. I just can't even imagine what it was like, but this is as close to imagining as one could get. The atrocities don't even seem like they could be real, and yet they were.  :(.  :(.  :(.
 I am in love with this story. I am in love with Pino  I will never forget his amazing story -- I have read a TON of WW2 stories and this one is forever in my heart. His life was blessed by God; his life was spared but he was not spared from the savagery of life during war. I so wish I would have had the honor of meeting him. Good blessed the life he lived and what a difference he made. A truly we'll written, engaging, passionate story. You are missing out if you don't read this.
 This was a really interesting novel.  I did not know much about Italy's history during WWII.  The characters were so interesting despite their glaring differences.  I am always amazed at the bravery of people who fight against evil
 I  am not one for non fiction.  When I read this story I assumed it was fiction.  I am glad I read the last pages because I got emotional and started to cry.  It was a revelation to me  and now I understand how cruel war can be.  This was a great story .
 Any time there is a story involving Nazis, it gets my attention.  To read about an Italian boy who becomes the driver for a Nazi general but is a spy for the Allies, is intriguing.  What courage it must have taken that boy!  This reads like a murder mystery, but the story is true.  Amazing.  Good read.
 I had a hard time getting into this book. Until Pino left Father Re's, I was literally just reading to get through it. After that the book really picks up and I was really interested in reading what happened next. I'd definitely recommend it if you enjoy historical-fiction, it's just not my go-to book genre.
 Really great book and story — read it for my monthly book club and now I am looking at tickets to Italy!! Highly recommend as it's a great conversation piece and also gives intel on a side of WWII not normally discussed and read about. Loved it.
 This was a 5 star book for our book club, because Pino's story was amazing and we appreciated the way the author recounted it. All of us agreed that reading the author's notes at the beginning and after was essential to getting the whole picture. Italy in WWII was a topic that none of us knew anything about, so the history of the last few year's of the war was quite interesting.
 I am no epic book reviewer but I read a couple books a month and this one will stick with me for years to come.  An absolute must read for WWII fans, suspense, romance and action packed. Very well written and I feel like I was there in Milan.
 What an amazing story! I bought this for my 16 year old son and ended up reading it myself.  I couldnt put it down! I can't wait for my 16 year old to read this true story.  Everything this young man had to go through is unimaginable and the fact he was so young I'm hoping my son can appreciate what he has and how fortunate we are not to have to endure such tragic experiences.
 Certainly this is an amazing story and worth writing about, but my main criticism of this book is its juvenile style of writing with one declarative sentence after another.  I did not expect it to read like Dickens, but neither did I expect it to read as if a talented high school student wrote it.  It moved quickly because of  the very simple style of writing. I am glad I read it because of the fascinating story, but it is not a challenging read.
 What an exciting and unbelievable tale.  The book is well written and hard to put down.  Very fascinating!  A must read to understanding our past of the 2nd World War.  Thank you Italy for your fight.
 This was one of the best books I’ve read in awhile.  It opened my eyes to some of the horrific things that happened during that war, and to the brave souls who fought to put an end to it
 I had just finished reading of sand &amp; ash, a book about WW2 in italy, and this book rounded out the story. The horrors of the war great and frightening, are still being uncovered.
 This is an amazing book hands down. It's a long book that seems to drag at a moment or two, but if you hold on past those moments your greatly rewarded with a page turner that will draw you in, make you laugh, angry, and possibly cry. Mark Sullivan captures the tale of Pino Lella, unsung hero. If you don't have time to read this masterpiece, I highly recommend the audio companion. This is what I did on my rides to work. It made getting out of my vehicle that much harder, trying to tare myself away from this story. Highly recommend to history buffs, and non-history buffs.
 I found this book to bring interesting, because it showed how Italy was effected during the war. The hero was a kind hearted man who found the Nazis to be as horrible as the other countries thought. I was a little slow in parts, but generally a good read.
 It took me a few chapters to really get into the book but then I couldn't put it down. I cannot describe it. It was so well told I could visualize it and felt like I was reliving it. I was moved to tears at times and just left in awe at what this young man went through in such a short time and at a young age. It makes me wonder how many other untold war stories are out there. Or hidden away in attics...
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is the true story of Pino Lella, an Italian youth, during WWII. Written from this perspective, the book has a different feeling from many other WWII stories. The section dealing with Pino's experiences in the Alps are thrilling. The love story is, by turns, sweet and sad. The Nazi occupation of Milan- terrifying.<br/>This book kept me engaged from page one.
 This is a very difficult read in the sense that it provides you with a lot of information and details on what takes place during a war.  Personally I think that Mr. Sullivan went a bit to detailed.  It is a good story though, and sad.  Very sad.  I would not suggest anybody who is sensitive towards abuse of any kind to read it, but it is well written
 The descriptions of the people and the land in Northern Italy during WW2 are so clear. And the fears and growth and loves of the real people are described so well.  One of the best war histories I've ever read.
 I am member of a book club but many times I don’t finish it because I am not a good reader especially this time since it was 500 pages I said no way ! But for some reason I got the Kindel version of it and after reading the sample I bought the full version and I could not put it down I finished it in couple of days and not just my friends I surprised myself ! I can not stop recommending this book to all my friends and now you all of you who are reading this review you can not find any book better than this one!<br/>enjoy reading it
 I think this is one of the best books I've read in a while, mostly for its importance and recording what happened during World War II. I think it's important that we don't forget the atrocities and that we remember Heroes and that we try not to let this happen again. I think the author made his book come alive with his writing style and I appreciate the way in which it was researched to be authentic.
 couldnt put it down. 2-3day read. if you're a 3 book a yr type of person then this is 1 book you should def consider!
 WWII has filled my life one father in the Pacific and my step-father in Europe. My step-father could never talk about it. This book is well worth reading and appreciating this man's life. Bravo Pino!
 Loved the suspense, the element of surprise, was shocked by the atrocities and felt the fear, pain, love, joy, anguish, heartache and all the other emotions that Pino endured. The love that he felt was so real and painful, I cried in several places, I was enraged in even more.....A must read for those that have the"balls" to stomach some of the horrors that took place during the Second World War.
 After going on "The March For The Living" several years ago, and seeing the death camps ,so much of this story brought back my memories of the trjp. I app!and the Author and couldn't put the book down.  I apologize to my husband for not stopping to make him dinner as the Epilogue was as good as the story.
 I have read many WWII accounts, but never one of the war in Italy.  This true story about Pino Lella is heartbreaking, yet compelling.  The horrors of the Nazi regime, the perseverance of the Italian people, and the combined bravery and vengefulness of the partisans  carry you on a rollercoaster of emotions.  At the end, you are grateful that Pino finally found love and peace.
 What an incredible story and harrowing life of Pino Lella. There are some stories that you read and love and some that you'll read and remember for the rest of your life. I'll never forget this story and I take some of it's lessons about living life to the fullest and ever in the present. I can't say enough about this book to do it justice. It's a must read for anyone who loves adventure, intrigue, action, and love stories. Well-written and gripping to the very end!
 This novel draws u right in and keeps you there until the end. I love this time period, but have never read about the war set in Italy before. What a rare and great story.
 Loved this story!  I enjoy reading historical info on WWII, and this was an amazing story of a resilient man and how the Italians helped Jewish people escape...I had never heard anything about that before.  Story is very sad in many pages and the harsh realities of war just jump out at you, but the fact that you can go online and actually see pictures of the characters in the story, and that Pino is still alive, all makes for a very interesting and riveting book.
 Amazing story of those who helped save lives during the war - in particularly Pino.  Feats of bravery unimaginable to those who have lived with freedom all their lives with no cost of that freedom on their shoulders.
 Though a novel this is outrageous history that rivets you to the story. I have been to several of the places in the book and now understand the gravity of the war and it’s aftermath. I have been told war stories by some of the American soldiers who fought through Italy and it all comes to life here.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read.  It tells the almost unbelievable exploits of a 17 year old boy who becomes a man almost overnight. Pino',s story of courage, love of family and love of a woman during the worst of times..Italy under the Nazi's.  The author makes it all come alive and writes in a way that you can see it happening in your money. Read it, you will love it.
 I really appreciated the historical setting of this book. Italy during WWII and the role Mussolini played in all of it. I never knew. How the Italians were made slaves of the Third Reich, disposable people. So tragic and horrific how people are towards their brothers on this earth.
 Pino's story is graphic, heart wrenching and beautiful.  Be prepared to go back in time and live in Italy, experience the fear and thrill of war, the devastation and evil it produces and the emotions it leaves behind.<br/>Thank you Mr.Lela for sharing your heart and soul. Thank you for your service. Anna would be SO proud!
 Amazing story of the little-told stories of Italy during WWII. Characters are complex but very believable. Highly recommend the book for anyone interested in WWII history or in understanding what it's like to be a "regular" citizen in a war-torn nation.
 One of the best historical book based on true story. Also the best kindle first selection till date. The author has done a fabulous job narrating the story and keeping the reader engaged. There were a few grammatical errors in the kindle version hence the 4 stars instead of 5. I am a bookaholic and read non-stop. And this was a very good read which I thoroughly enjoyed. In some places it felt a little theatrical (romantic part) but the author had already declared it in the beginning. Overall a thumbs up.
 Really a good read! NOT A BIT BORING... yet opens up and makes real an historic setting.  Much has been written about the Allies, the German war machine, the occupation of the Northern European countries, the Holocaust, and the resistance - but very little about Italy's occupation, Holocaust, or ordinary people of the Italian resistance. Based on a real story of a boy of 17 who is drawn in to doing the right thing for the right reasons, this book brings to life the the setting, the families, and the pathos of war. All this with a love story, twists of fate, and lots of action. Characters are varied and complex. The lead-in to the book by the author is a good hook  and the "rest of the story" at the end is fantastic!
 This was one of the best books I have picked up in a long time. Mark Sullivan wrote a beautiful biography that never once felt like a biography. I cried over Pino's story and there were times when my heart was beating so fast as I felt I was right there with him as bombs exploded and cars were raced. I would easily read this book again.
 Amazing story of WW2 written from the viewpoint of a 17 year old boy in Italy when the war begins.<br/>I was pretty much riveted from the beginning as I couldn't wait to see what would happen to him and his family next.  If you are in the least bit interested in this time period this is for you. It was noted by the author that many of the events did in fact take place and much was able to be verified, even though so much evidence was destroyed by the nazi's as the war wound down.
 Outstanding historical and passionate story of a young man coming of age age WWII spills over into their town.  It is true story, based on interview with main character corroborating research.  But most important is that it is well written and easy to read---without wanting to put it down.  Spoiler Alert:  Depending on your level of emotions and sensitivity, it may evoke tears of sadness and joy.
 This is one of the best books I have read. Although it is a true story it has all of the elements of a good fiction book, suspense, trauma,  romance.  The author makes WW2 Italy come alive as some Italians worked against the Nazi occupation and the heroic effort to help Jews escape their fate under Nazi rule. This is truly a well written book and was difficult to put down.
 At one point the emotions conveyed by the author forced me to put the book fown for two days until I could recover. Mark Sullivan's tale of Pino Lella is a grznd adventure. Thank you for letting us know about this accidental hero of World War II.
 I found the book informative and fascinating.  This is a basically true story of the Italian front in WW II, and the role that an amazing teen age boy played.  The fact that most of the book is based upon factual research and interviews with most of the important characters including the hero makes it real.
 I loved this book! It was a remarkable story of bravery and perseverence, based on true events.  This one stayed with me and I'd recommend it anyone who appreciates good writing and a gripping adventure.
 I got lost in Pino’s story. I had never known what the Italian’s experienced during World War II. It was interesting to hear the side of the story of those who witnessed these events and were not Jewish. I was carried away by the love story and felt the deep love Pino felt for Anna. I recommend this book to anyone who loves history and the lessons we can learn by reading about it’s successes and failures.
 I never liked history and knew little to nothing about the role that Italy played in the war. This book was fabulously written and heartbreaking at the same time. It is a love story intertwined with tragedy. It taught me a lot about history including that I might actually like it after all.
 A remarkable story of a young man in Italy during WWII who helped smuggle Jews out of the country to safety in Switzerland and later became a spy for the Allies as he worked as the driver for a high ranking Nazi.  He endured unbelievable hardship and loss but endured with good humor and faith in God
 This is a novel based on the real life of a young Italian man in wore-torn Italy during the mid-1940's.  With Nazis and Fascist around ever corner, the main character Pino quickly becomes a man, and a hero.<br/><br/>This is an amazing story of family, war, friendship and love.  It also teaches the reader quite a bit about the war in Italy...a topic often overlooked.<br/><br/>I truly enjoyed this book and highly recommend it.
 I am old enough to remember WWll clearly, but learned so much more from this riveting book. I love the way Mark Sullivan writes....spared me agonizing moments I dreaded coming to in this tale. A story of such courage during those trying times....raises your faith in humanity.
 Historical fiction is my favorite genre, but this true story is better than fiction.  It’s a war and love story that would appeal to a race-car driver, 20-something male as well as a 65-year old woman like me who loves Europe, history, and toured France and Germany with my WW II veteran father, looking for the sites of his own war story.  What I also really appreciate about this book is the spiritual depth of the characters, the way the author described the main character’s moral and spiritual struggles.
 Amazing Book... there were times I had to put it down as it became too emotionally difficult to read.  That being said... I had a difficult time putting it down at the same time!  I was absolutely captivated by this book and stunned several times while reading it, I can only imagine living this.  As an avid reader, it takes a lot for a book for me to give it 5 stars, but this one deserved it.  Wow just Wow.
 This writer transported me to the lives of the characters in the book. I'm always amazed at the depth of both love and evil in humans. While sometimes difficult to read the cruel parts, I could feel the passion, loyalty and love in the characters.
 Omg I couldn't believe how incredible this story was. I was so upset at the end but ultimately happy Pillo found happiness. I've read a few books about the second war and this one was the best. Thank you Mark for sharing with us the story of Pillo.
 The brutality of the Nazis and their Italian allies is vividly presented. Mark Sullivan has the gift to take the reader there, to feel the carnage, suffering and fear. Those advocating a return to nationalism should read this book. After continuous war, a relative peace descended on Europe with the creation of the EU, with countries working together as one rather than competitions that erupted in fighting.
 This is by far the most beautiful story I have ever read in my life. I literally experienced every emotion imaginable; from laughter to strong tears. I am left feeling an emotion that I can’t quite put my finger on. Pino Lella Is a true hero. I can’t even fathom all the tragedy that he witnessed at such a young age. My heart breaks for him. His story has definitely touched my heart and soul.
 This is the most riveting story about WWII I have every read.  The author is great and the story captivating.  I couldn't put it down.  The sad part is the story is a real life experience.  For those who like to read books of this era, I highly recommend this one.
 The story was captivating but the writing, especially early on, sometimes got in the way.  The story was so engrossing that it was easy to overlook this deficit as the book developed.
 I loved it!  Who knew a true story about World World 11 could be so engaging?  Such an eloquent voice capturing the beauty, tragedy, and poignancy of life in and around Milan, Italy during the during the second world war through the life of a young Italian boy who becomes a driver for one of Hitler's highest ranking generals.
 I was totally immersed in this story! This story has it all, love, hate, happiness, sadness, excitement, betrayal, intrigue, its an emotional roller-coaster of a story. Its all based on the true exploits of one man (Pino Lella) and his part in the partisan resistance in the northern part of Italy during the Nazi occupation.
 My father flew in the US Army Air Corps over Italy. Like Pino, he rarely spoke about that part of his life.  Pino's story opened an entirely new awareness of Dad's experience for me, as well as of the experience of the Italian people, leaving me wanting to know  more. Thank you Pino. Thank you Mark.
 Love this book.  What hero's. What suffering brought about by mentally unbalanced individuals.  I also love the Alps and Milan, Italy.  This story brought back both terrible memories of war and the resilience of truly strong people. Just can't say enough about this story.
 This is by far my favorite first kindle novel! The author is brilliantly descriptive and I had a constant movie playing in my mind. The topic is obviously sad but a different perspective since it takes place in Italy. A new one for me. It's such a tragedy what so many Jews had to go through but it was hard too for the people who wanted to help. The Lella family is an inspiration and true heroes for their contributions.  I can't wait for the next Mark Sullivan's novel!
 This book was so good. I loved that in the end you find out if us a true story. It's also an I interesting perspective on WWII telling it from Italy. I've nit found a book about Nazi invasion if Italy and it taught me a lot.
 This novel is based on a true story of WW II in Italy and especially in Milan and the German occupation in 1944-45.  The plot moves quickly and the characters are nicely developed,  A prolog tells what happened to the major characters after the defeat of the Nazis.
 Loved this book.  Loved the characters.  I felt like I knew Pino. Great descriptions of the country and the Alps.  Held my interest more than I expected and kept me engrossed in the story. His love of Anna was so wonderful and what came later with the war etc. was heartbreaking.  We don't know how lucky we all are to live in this time. Wonderfully written.
 Follows the life of Pino, still alive today.  Listed as historical fiction because of some liberties that had to be taken filling in missing parts of history with no one living to identify.
 Love, war,  spying,  drama,  faith,  this book has it all.  Youth must read the forward about the author to help understand the epilogues little better.  I love reading different points of view of WWII and this one being in Italy helped round out more of what I have read.
 Having read mostly English and American WWII accounts and stories, I found it a very interesting read.  Set in Italy, an occupied country with a dictator as a leader, this book gives voice to the many people affected by a war not of their choosing. I am glad the author was able to write Pino Lella's fascinating story. Highly recommend it, even for people who aren't into WWII or history.  It is a human interest story.
 Straightforward, chronological prose well-crafted from the direct recollection of a hero who lived the brutal horrors of Nazism in northern Italy in the cataclysmic waning of WW2. Recommended for those trying to piece together an incomprehensible comprehension of senselessly tragic human-on-human carnage. This is a page-turner
 Excellent true story of courage,love, love lost and the horrors of war and mob mentality.  The telling of how one person survived all of these.  I would recommend this book to anyone interested in WWII.  This book was well written and held my interest.
 I've read books about war but none captured the beauty of love and the brutality of war as this novel has.  Until this point I was completely ignorant about the war in iItaly. We all studied the war in the Pacific, Britons battle for survival, the great battles of France and the many horrors in Europe But little about Italy.  This book would serve as a great testament to the war in Italy and should be required reading.
 Loved this book. The dichotomy of Pino’s heroic acts, yet his inability to act when it would have benefitted him the most made for an amazing story of bravery and human vulnerability. The tight historical coupling and hearing aspects of WWII that are not readily known made it a riveting read. An amazing historical account underpinned with a great love story. This will make an amazing motion picture!
 Growing up during WW2 we heard a lot about what was going on in Europe but not as detailed as I am reading in many of the books I have been reading lately. It's sad an I can't imagine what the people went through and their will to survive. I loved the book and definitely recommend it.
 The writing style of the author struck as as a bit awkward but I found the story Pino to be very interesting. I see some reviews question the whether Pino could have done everything attributed to him in the book but after all, that doesn't really matter - it's a novel. I enjoyed reading it.
 The most amazing story of WW II and of one who lived it, good bad and all the crazy ups and downs.  Beautifully written<br/>By very professional author who  created drama and much more.
 I really enjoyed this book, especially because I had just left Milan and had visited the Duomo when I started reading it. Great story telling. Gave me a new perspective regarding Italy's involvement in the war and what happened to many of the Italian people. Have recommended it to my friends.
 I loved this book. Because it is such a captivating story, I've recommended it to several friends. My husband read the book in two days and loved it, too. I can't imagine living through all the challenges Pino experienced.  I'm so glad his story has been captured for generations to read.
 Incredible that so many details were accurately remembered. Pino is a man whose life should be remembered.  War through his eyes made for a fascinating story.
 Having read this book, I can now actually feel what it was like to have lived through World War Two in Italy, and I will never forget it.  I can also imagine how our families in the United States felt when our country joined the war.
 I'm a fan of historical fiction and particularly stories set in foreign countries. I did not know I would enjoy a war book so much though. This book was hard to out down. Just when I thought it was coming to a lull where I could pause, something new would happen. The atrocities of war are heart breaking and this book describes them well. It's a page-turner and heartbreaker, as it should be for World War II.
 A wonderful story of WWII Italy that keeps the reader turning the pages in anticipation.  If you like a story based on real action, this is your book.  I couldn't put it down and read until the page began to slip from my hand.<br/><br/>I really think this is a good book for anyone to read!
 Great, compelling read.  If it wasn't based in fact, the story might have seemed a little far-fetched -- like the author was trying too hard to invent circumstances to make things more exciting.  That it is based on a true story makes it more amazing and interesting.  I learned much about the devastation and suffering of the Italian people during the war and the incredible heroism of those who worked to fight the forces of Hitler and Mussolini.
 By following the life of one Italian boy, we see a part of the war rarely reported. This is a record of the casual bravery of a young man, of the equally casual brutality of the conquerors and the conquered, and of the ingenuity necessary for survival. This is not about invasions or campaigns, but the street level experience of conflict.
 The first book I've read about the Nazi occupation in Italy, and I must say, I am astonished that not many stories have been told about this time in history.<br/> Pino Lello is truly an unsung hero and I am grateful that Michael Sullivan was able to meet him and write this compelling novel. I hope one day he can obtain information that will provide us with a few unanswered questions(especially regarding General Hans Leyers.)<br/>I am looking forward to the movie!
 This author brings you into a boy's life as he experiences the joys of young adulthood and is thrown into the ugliness of mankind through war. He struggles with the concepts of trust, honesty, love, betrayal, all at a very tender age. I felt as though I was right there beside Pino, rooting him on, crying when he hurt, I became a part of him. The story continually twisted and turned in directions you never expect and when you think you have come to the end, it twists again. A very well written book. I highly recommend it.
 A fictional account of very true events, with a young Italian man as a very special hero.  The spectacular events occurred and the author put them together as if he'd been there.  A gripping account of tragic and wonderful people and events in Italy during WWII.
 Truth is, as they say, stranger than fiction. Thank you Mark for your diligence in researching and writing this extraordinary story.  Our children and grandchildren need to be told and retold the stories of this horrific time in our history. Thank you Mark. I love you, Pino!
 Even though a novel, this story was based upon real events during WW2...an historical novel. Not my favorite read,  or a "page turner," but the last third of the book became more exciting and drew me into finishing it.
 I recently 'got into reading' and have been focusing on YA books to keep my attention. This book did just that, you can't put it down. History is not my favorite subject, but this book was great at entwining a story and historical events making learning about history very interesting.
 if this were a movie you would have a difficult time watching it as it is too unbelievable, YET it is all true. A real page turner, one of the best if not the best WWll books I've read, ever.
 This novel takes place during the Nazi occupation of Northern Italy in World War II. Based on the life of Pino Lella, an Italian boy coming of age, who saves the lives of countless Jews and others, and his relationship with the German Hans Leyers, who answers directly to Hitler, it is filled with adventure, intrigue, love, hate, disgust, and hope. Once the story took off, it was very difficult to put down. I highly recommend it.
 I read this as my Book Clubs selection for the month of April and found it to be much better than I had anticipated.  A more or less true story of the heroic bravery on the part of Italian citizens during the German occupation in WW11. An inspiring story of young love, brotherly love, friendship and faith, forgiveness and justice.  The last several pages tell what happened to many of the characters after the War and in particular a short recounting of the main character Pino.  A very easy page turner.
 Although I've read many books about WW11, this was the first that dealt exclusively with Italy. Was amazing how so many had  great courage in such an awful time. Much of the story took place in northern Italy where I've often visited.
 Kudos to the author for years of research on Pino Lela and his heroic efforts. It was fascinating to learn of the WWII experience thru the lens of an Italian (after finishing The Lilac girls). The one area for improvement would be to cut to the chase at many points. The story just went on and on in far too much detail at points. It’s a beautiful story and I do hope there’s an opportunity for more to share in the experience thru a motion picture.
 I liked the characters in this book.<br/>I liked how it took a twisted turn it was a war story with love and sadness. I had to keep on reading just to know what was going to happen next
 While reading this story I had many thoughts of how strong love can be and how strong the human will to live and love are.  This novel touched me deeply with the heart wrenching narrative of a true hero for the times.  Thank you Pino Leila and Mark Sullivan.
 This book is just marvelous, could not put it down! There were tears, laughter, anxiety and mystery throughout. I am strongly suggesting this book for our parish book club.
 When I first started reading this book, I thought it not to my liking. Wow was I wrong. After I got into it a few chapters, I found it very difficult to put down. A very well written war thriller. Thank you for sharing this work Mr.Sullivan.
 A very engrossing tale and a serious telling of the heroic participants standing up to the Nazi regime in Italy, a WWII location history seems to have forgotten.  Pino Lella was a very interesting protagonist. Some have wondered if his experiences were embellished but knowing the pervasiveness of the German war machine it's hard not to believe if not personally experienced, he may have been remembering experiences of others he knew. An extraordinary teenager determined to do what was right in the face of personal peril. I did enjoy the novel and appreciated learning of the Italian war history.  What I tired of was the simple writing and somewhat cliche dialogue.  The story itself deserved a more serious approach on the part of the author but all in all a serious historical saga.The section at the end titled, Aftermath, was greatly appreciated to explain what happened to some of the people so important to Pino's experience.
 This is such a fantastic book. It is well written and keeps you immersed in WWII Milan, Italy. I enjoyed this more so because my grandfather was one of the soldiers who liberated Milan and the rest of Italy, and parts of the book actually mentioned some instances that my grandfather spoke about. Thrilling! I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a good book to curl up with.
 Astoundingly good. I'm not often one for historical fiction, but the writing and the plot were riveting. I couldn't put this book down, and found myself in tears at times. I appreciated feeling like I could understand (a mere shadow of, of course,) the confusion and fear that Italians felt during the war. One of those books, that once you finish, haunts you for a while. I got this book free as part of a deal, but I would go back and pay money for it, hands down.
 I love WWII stories but this is the first I’ve read from Italy. Full of daring-do, heartbreak, victory, revenge, and the inevitable “clean-up” notes at the end, its action-adventure at its best.
 Extremely compelling story of a young Italian teen who was swept into WWII, the resistance, the German Army. Tells of horrible actions by the SS, German  and the will of the Italian people to survive and re-build their cities, churches, country.  The story of the Italian teen makes you feel strong and fast and ready to join the fray.
 I really enjoyed this book.  It kept my interest and taught me about a part of WWII that is often forgotten. So often we think that the population of a country is 100% behind their leaders.  It was obvious from this book that a very large part of the Italian population did not support Mussolini and I would imagine that a large percentage of Germans did not support Hitler.
 I cannot remember reading a book so emotionally charged as this. It started off as a simple story; as the characters themselves are boys, then becomes darker as the war progresses. This book is amazing deep and presents a mystery that is not adequately solved at the end.<br/>Well done Mr. Sullivan!
 The voice of the story is Italian, and can be heard in the style of the English words. Knowing this is war memory of real events and real people gives an unbelievable look into the war in Italy, something sorely overlooked in our history books.
 Wow. What a great book. Somehow the author was able to greatly capture the wonderful triumph and utter tragedy experienced by this young man in World War II in occupied Italy. And too think Pino was only 17 years old when this story started.
 Taking place in Italy during WWII, this is an amazing and true account of the bravery and resilience of Pino Lella.  The writing flowed and was easy to read.  Some writers have such a visual way of telling a story and Mark Sullivan is one of them.  I often avoid non fiction because of the boring writing.  I highly recommend this book.  I learned so much about the war in Italy.  The epilogue was quite interesting as well.
 Desiring to learn more about World War II from a historical fiction perspective, I selected this novel.  I quickly realized why this particular book had the highest ratings of the selections reviewed in my search query.<br/><br/>This book was impossible to put down at times.  It is incredibly well written.  For me, it was the most entertaining as well as informative work of art as I could have hoped for.<br/><br/>Thank you Mr. Sullivan for guiding me through a piece of history I was unaware of.
 I really got into this book.  Cover to cover.  After I finished I missed Pino.  The story brings you so close to his life and his experience's that you feel like he is famiily.  The Author really did a detailed research on all facts and I was very impressed with the writing and details of Pino's story.  I recommend this book.
 While I was reading this book on my Kindle, I was amazed at the Author's imagination and the story.<br/>Then when I finished it and read that the whole story was true, I was dumbfounded!<br/>Pino is still alive and living in Milan.  What an amazing young man he was.<br/>I was fascinated by the whole book and highly recommend it .
 A gripping tale, intense at time. Well written, it will capture your attention. Once begun, I had great difficulty in finding stopping places for such mundane activities as sleep.
 I enjoyed reading a novelized true story of a little known aspect of WW II.<br/>I have the pleasure of having known the son of the main character.
 I loved the way the book was written, it took me to Germany during the war and its words into the lives of several Italian families. The pain and the horror and the joy they endured during the war. Great story.
 Was not overly familiar with the Italian experience during WW2. Using the viewpoint of a maturing Pino Lella from the crucial ages of 17 through 19, Mark Sullivan helps to flesh out not only Pino's, his family and his acquaintances' experiences, but that of northern Italy's as well.
 I couldn't put this book down.  I am an English teacher at a Jr. Sr. High School and I am hoping to introduce this book to our High School English department.  I think it is a story our 11th and 12th graders should read.  I am so happy to have stumbled across this book and Mr. Lella's story.  He is a true hero to me and a simply remarkable man.  Thank you Mark Sullivan, Pino Lella, and Mike Lella for sharing this story with the world.  As an Italian-American, this book made me proud of where my ancestors come from.  I am encouraging my grandmother who is 89 to pick this up at the local library and hope to recommend it to many more people.  It is absolutely a book worth reading.  God Bless you Mr. Pino Lella, you will always be a hero in my eyes and I am so grateful for the sacrifices you made throughout your life.  I do hope that a movie will be made from this story, it is one I would definitely go see.
 So many men and women that lived through and fought during World War II  have stories that will never be heard. One such, my brother, a B25 bomber pilot who flew 25 missions in North Africa, Sicily, and Italy and another 25 in  the India/Burma campaign. Superbly written. God rest the souls of those who lost their lives in that conflict and those that survived it keeping their silence.
 What an amazing true story of the gut wrenching life of Pino during WE 2 in Italy.  I could not stop reading even while horrified at the events unfolding.  I am happy that he ended up having such a full life in his later years.  Thank you for this book.
 All the way through this novel I kept thinking 'As if that would really happen' - 'Stretching things a bit too far' - I had to remind myself that this is a true account of a young Italian in the closing months of WW2 as they say 'Truth is stranger than fiction' . Well worth a read! A moving tale indeed.
 I would recommend everyone to read this account of Italy during World War II and Nazi Germany. The author paints such a vivid pictures and presents details that make the hair on your neck stand on end and fill your heart with joy at the moments of joy. I couldn't put the book down and even though the page count seems high give it a chance"!!!
 This is a beautifully told tale of a young Italian man who lived through the madness of World War II.  Mark Sullivan made this period come alive for me. He paints the horror of the war, but also shows beauty, courage, and perseverance. There is adventure, suspense, love, and heartbreak. I found it difficult to put down this book, and looked forward each day to reading more.
 I gave it a high rating because it had good main characters worked together to help Jews escape in WW2 and the Italians were not afraid o fight for their country.  The plot was always exciting.  It even had a little ROMANCE in it and also showed LOVE for family and friends.
 Mark Sullivan has given us a story that shows the bravery courage and humanness of Pino Lella. I couldn't put it down. I am so glad Pino's story has been told. The highs and lows of what Pino went through. The sadness of his losing the woman he loved. His devotion to his family and Father Re.<br/>This is definitely a good book club selection.
 This tale reminds the reader of the ironies of war, the often difficulty of defining the hero or the traitor. The author awakens readers to the many roles of subjects and oppressors.]<br/>DeviceToken:  91ed6445179e4660a66700718455cccb]<br/>Device ID Serial Number:  iOs-NTC-041859664699126b7a99c974fea0b31d6580ce26-B-N-eReader]
 Although quite good, some parts are difficult.<br/><br/>W ll is the time. Northern Italy is the place. Pino is<br/>Chosen to do a specific job, although he doesn't know it yet. He is sent to join his brother at a school/camp in the mountains. While the younger boys are studying he is hiking and skiing. He learns how to drive a race car. These skills help him complete the task he was chosen to do. Some war atrocities are described .
 Where do I begin. I have never heard a story quite like this one. To get a glimpse of what went on during this time of war. To see a little more clearly of what war was like. To see personal tragedy up close and to recognize love and how it stays alive during a time like this. I recommend this story to anyone interested in opening a door to a real part of life held in secret all these years.
 Just when I thought Kindle firsts weren't worth anything, Sullivan comes along with this incredibly written, excellently researched, gripping lost tale of the last years of Nazi occupation of northern Italy. Highly recommended!
 From the beginning, i was riveted to Pino and his story.  The vivid description of the country left me in joyfilled awe.  The horrors, the atrocities, and the humanless detachment of the Nazi war criminals burns my soul even today.  It is a great book. I loved Father Re.  I must remember to keep the faith
 I chose the five star rating due to this being a true and researched story about WWII in Italy. I feel it is important that people are informed of how people were treated by the Nazi's and their collaborators so that the atrocities of this war never happen again. The personal lives of the main characters were so touching and so sad. So hard to believe how cruel people can be. Too bad in some countries and regions of the world today the Nazi's have been replaced and this same thing is happening over and over again. Will the world never learn!!!
 Story was interesting and I presume the facts were historically correct with little amplification to make the story flow. However, the book was too long.
 I read at night in bed. I rank books by how many late nights I spend up reading past my bed time. I spent many nights up until well past midnight - for me, that's very late.<br/><br/>I am a historical novel lover. WWII and Civil War specifically. Never had been introduced to the Italian front before this book. It was a great read. Best book I've read in a couple years (I read approx 15 books a year). If you like war history - give this a read. You won't be disappointed. Great character development. Great plot. Got a little predictable at the end but had a BIG surprise in the last few pages that I never saw coming.<br/><br/>Read this book!
 A compelling story of the Italian occupation by Nazi Germany at the end of World war 2.  The story portrays the remarkable and heroic story of a young Italian whose role in espionage and actions amounts to a story that may never have been told.  Highly recommend this novel.
 If not assured at the beginning of this book that the details of this amazing story were basically truth, I would have put this book aside mid way ... too unbelievable. But the author's years spent with Pino, the Italian spy, and in-depth research of the area and people involved, made me a believer that truth can be stranger than fiction.  Mark Sullivan told it well!
 I know this was a true story but the way it was written was almost like a work of fiction. There seemed to be a lot of enhancements filled in. But overall, I enjoyed the read. It always amazes me how brave people are when faced with the necessity.
 Excellent. Just excellent. When you don't think the retelling of this era can get worse, it does. Redemption and revenge may follow.
 I love to read historical fiction but this book made me believe it was all happened just the way it was told.  Well done!  By the the end I was so emotionally vested I wanted more!  Thank you for following up with Pino Lella's life after the war.
 I loved this book. I'm intrigued by Ww2 history, and this was a piece I missed somehow. The writing style was enjoyable and lifelike, putting me right in the tale. Very exciting and kept hold of my interest. The epilogue was fascinating. I would love to see this in pictures...
 I feel like I know Pino Lella; like I’ve journeyed with him and like I love him. WWII and the myriad of lives lost will never be forgotten. Thanks to Mark Sullivan for pulling back the screen on the events that transpired across Italy during those trying years.
 Just breathless!<br/><br/>You really should let me leave it at that. Forced further comment really takes away from this moment.<br/>I am frankly..... breathless.
 Loved the story, even if it is just that. Tone was appropriate, seemed immature at first, but realized that’s because the main characters are young and naive. Fitting for a wonderful story of love and war, heroism and loss, happiness, despair and re-discovery of joy. Well told, well read.
 Interesting and enlightening,  as  well as entertaining.<br/>  This gave me more insight into what I might look for when we visit Milan next year.
 I received this book as my Kindle First choice for April 2017.  I probably would never have seen or chosen it to read without this benefit, and that would have been very sad.  My mother's three brothers were all in Northern Italy at the time of this book, two in different Army units, one in the OSS.  They are now in Arlington.  I have been wondering what they experienced in Northern Italy.  It is something not discussed much—other than the acknowledgment they were there, and the odd fact that they had a reunion there.  One of them married a wonderful woman from Milan who looms quite large in my memories.  She lived through this story, too.  This part of the war produced Bronze and Silver Stars, but it isn't easy to find much about it.  This book, though fiction, isn't really, it is just carefully crafted to read as a story.<br/><br/>Giuseppino Lella, better known as Pino Lella, is 17 when this story begins on June 9, 1943, which is just before the Allies start bombing Milan.  Pino is a musical, romantic, outgoing, gawky, acne-faced kid from a well-to-do family that is successful in the fashion trade.  In short order we are introduced to Pino's Milan, the medieval part of the city that he knows and loves.<br/><br/>We are introduced to the Duomo it in its glory, "the grand Gothic cathedral that lies at the very center of Milan."  Preparations are underway to protect the cathedral from the ravages of war.  Next we see the Galleria, then the statue of Leonard da Vinci in its plaza, then the Teatro alla Scala, the famous Opera house.<br/><br/>We are also introduced to many of the key figures in the story.  Mimo is Pino's very competitive younger brother, highly prone to action.  Carletto is Pino's best friend.  Cardinal Alfredo Ildefenso Schuster, is the Roman Catholic leader of northern Italy.  Giovanni Barbareschi is a seminarian and later priest.  All real, fascinating people living on the tightrope that is war.<br/><br/>Mark Sullivan wrote this book as a labor of love.  It is the only way to this level of excellence.  Notice I did not write "perfection."  We just don't get there.  At least one reviewer has pointed out some very minor factual errors.  I suppose this is on the order of contextual goofs in movies.  It is bound to happen.  What does not happen in this book, however, is a lack of attention to reality.  When Pino is in the alps, on the ledge, in a blinding white-out blizzard, I was there with him, struggling.  When Pino is driving on mountain roads I was there in the car.  When Pino is blind with rage, agonized, exhausted, empty, questioning, confused, tempted, I was with him.  There are parts when I had to put the Kindle down and breathe.  I don't know if it is that my Traumatic Stress was brought to mind or if Mr. Sullivan is that fine a writer.  This is my first time to read him, so I will need to read another book to decide.<br/><br/>I wouldn't wait for the movie.  Read the book.  The movie, if there ever is one, might well be fantastic, but this Novel is now one of my favorites.  In order to write this review, I turned back to the beginning on my Kindle and began reading again.  Before I considered what I was doing, I had read through the second chapter.  I must say I've never done that before.
 Like others have said, this is a great story that needed a different author. Comparisons to All The Light are overstated. I wish Anthony Doerr had written this book.<br/><br/>One other thing, on page 44, the author states that Victor Emmanuel III was arrested by the Nazis in September 1943 when the German army occupied Rome. Actually the King escaped and his government relocated to Brindisi.
 A Story about the second world war as lived  by a young Italian boy who became a man. The horror of War and the bravery of saving  Jewish men, women and children from certain death is what this book is about. It is a true story very well told.
 It's been a long time since I've read a book of this genre, usually one I pass by. From the moment the story began, I had to keep reading. The more I read, the more I wanted. It held its grip on me to the very end. So glad I opened its cover.
 I didn’t know the author and didn’t know much about the book, but I decided to try it.  It was a gripping story.  Very well written and kept me turning the pages to the end.  Highly recommend it.
 So much to take in that you don't want to believe this is real. What this young man, his family and friend did to to help is unforgettable! The writing puts you there, beside them, fighting with them, crying with him.
 Mark Sullivan's story of Pino will change yiur perspective. This well crafted, painfully researched story toyches every emotion of the human experience. I know Mark hangs with great writers, but Pino's story..literally is lived 'on a wing and a prayer.' Put this book at the top of best ever read list.
 We know so little about WW2 in Italy.  This book was beautifully written and kept my interest while describing some unknown (to me) historical facts.  I normally do not like 'war' stories, but I highly recommend this book.  I was totally unaware of exactly how divided Italy was.  You won't be able to put it down.
 Excellent book. Even though it took me a week to read it, it wasn't because I was bored, I just had other commitments. I haven't read much of WWII Italy so that is one reason why I chose this book as my free Amazon prime book. I so admired young Pino and cried when he cried. Very moving, very touching, a great historical read.
 What a startling story!  This teenager...it is difficult for me to imagine all that he experienced in his young life!  Thank you, Mr. Sullivan, for your years of research and writing to bring this story to everyone...to show what a hero Pino Lella was.
 Very well written especially as it is based on a true story. Every time a read a story from these great wars it is hard to imagine the absolute disregard of other humans. I was involved in the story right to the end.
 I read the forward from the author and I was hooked at the first moment. From chapter one and all the rest of the way I became lost in Pino's story and could not put it down. This is a story I feel that anyone can relate to . The emotional and gut wrenching truth of ww2... it just touches your heart and takes you on a journey that makes you appreciate the lives we have because of our freedom .
 Excellent book. The history of Italy during WWII is vividly brought to life through the story Pino finally shared with the author. It does seem that most of the allied forces were engaged in France and Poland and that Italy was last on the list.  Great story and informative look back on this tragic  history
 From the first page until  the last, this book held my attention.  Knowing it was based on true facts made it that much more intriguing.  Mark did a fantastic  job telling Pinos story.  We need more like this, iwe have gone too long not knowing what  the full extent  of the suffering  the people endured.
 Excellent read probably in my top ten all time. Congrats to the author for the time invested researching this novel which is the foundation that made this story so outstanding. Well done.
 I loved this book, although a few areas were difficult to hear about/envision. I feel the author helped us understand the main character. This would make a great book club book, great for anyone interested in WWII, history.  The fact that it's a true story and how it was brought to the attention of the author is amazing.  If you listen to the book instead of reading it, be sure to also check out pic of young Nino in the book.
 Up close and personal look at WWII through the eyes of a young man who grew up to quickly . An excellent read. The more you read the harder it is to put down.
 When I was reading this book, I told my husband that someone needed to make this story a movie and I found out this week that this is going to happen.  This is a must read.  From beginning to end this is one of the most compelling historical novels I have read about the WWII era. Praise to Mark Sullivan for dedicated research.  I am so looking forward to seeing the movie.
 I could not put it down . I was so engaged by the characters and the historical view that was expressed on every part of the story.The writing was done with both humor and terrible atrocities, that carried me along even when I wanted to put the book down, I couldn't stop reading.  I would highly recommend this book to any adult that likes historical novels.
 Intriguing and very interesting story that will help you understand the human spirit under duress.  The behind the scenes accounts from the driver are amazing. So much courage and loss in one book.  I loved it!
 This isn’t a particularly happy tale, but I love things based in the WWII time period. It is awesome to read about a guy who was just an average teenager in Italy until he encountered some serious challenges and chose to rise above fear to help others and influence the outcome of the war. It is incredible to me that this is based on a true story. Really loved it!
 Mr Sullivan's narrative of the heroic Italian teenager, Pino Lella, is a fascinating tale  based on the teen''s actual experiences.  He courageously led countless Jews escape and provided information to the Allies during many frightening and devastating circumstances.  A truly remarkable read.
 Knowing the book is categorized as "fiction" and yet based on a true story, helped me not take it too literally when some parts seemed a bit unrealistic, or too perfectly seamed together.  Overall, incredible story with exciting twists and turns, made for an enjoyable read.
 So many books about WW2, but this one brought real people to life and showed the humanity, goodness and evil, survive in such a horrific situation.
 I love books about true events, one that tells the story about good and evil.  I think anyone interested in world history will enjoy this book.  I'm named after my Uncle Charles, whose plane was damaged while on a bombing raid over Tokyo and had to land in the ocean, about 500 miles from Japan.  Everyone survived and rations were dropped by  a plane circulating above.  When it started to get dark, the other plane had to head home and at that time, it looked like everyone survived.  Unfortunately, when the other plane left, the brave souls that were on that plane, where never seen again.
 I liked the way that this author made you feel the fear of an invasion of a country.  This book made real the feelings and heroics of a people trying to survive.  I found the book a little longer than it needed to be.  But it did give me a different perspective on the the Second World War .
 This is an excellent account of one man's story and experience in Italy during WW2.  Very interesting and sad.  Makes you understand that war is never an answer and is certainly not fair.
 One of my favorite WW-II historical biographies. Listed as historical fiction, the hero is real with a story compiled from documents of the war,survivor memories, and memories of a hero who does not consider himself a hero. A survivor I would hope to be able to emulate. A fantastic read!
 If two words could sum up this book they are hope and courage. The main character,Pino Lella, is a teenager during World War II. He has plans for his life but as is often the way, life's plans don't always fit his desires. The main character reminded me  of Louis Zamperini of Unbroken because both men possessed such strength of character and also because what both of these men did during the war was incredible. I can't remember the last book  I read where I couldn't wait to  finish it  and yet didn't want it to end. I felt as if Pino was a friend and even though his story  was history I prayed for him along the way in hopes that all would turn out well for him. The author should be commended for a fascinating, fast reading book with wonderful detail. I heartily recommend this book. Bravo!
 This book is a page -turner; it reads like a historical fiction. It has almost everything a book needs to keep your attention - character development, compelling story, some suspense. It doesn't wrap up neatly but it's a true life story, well researched by Mark Sullivan. I recommend to those who like historical, biographical work and/or WWII junkies:)
 Interesting and mostly a true story of a young man growing up in Milan during WWII. Interesting, heart warming in places, exciting in others, with a healthy dose of profound sadness and grief. A thought provoking tale well told.
 Wow!! I am still in shock as I write this. I have never read a book as quick as this one! I literally couldn’t stop reading it. I don’t keep very many books, only the amazing ones, and this one is definitely getting a spot on my bookshelf. The storyline is just insanely done. An absolute must read for anyone!!
 Incredible, amazing story that reinforces the reasons WWll fighters remain "THE GREATEST GENERATION."  Performance was of the very highest caliber; I will search for books by this narrator because of his incredible believability.  For anyone interested in a first-person account of Milan, Italy's involvement in WWll, it doesn't get better or more authentic than this.
 Pino Lella's story needs to be told and read by everyone, especially the younger generations. I hope the movie is made, so more people can know of how Italy suffered through WWII. Pino Lella is still living (Feb 2018) and he made it through so many atrocities that I think his uncanny ability to stay alive is to make sure history remembers and the lives lost mattered.
 Excellent, in-depth story of Italy's role in World War II and of the gut wrenching decisions, terrible atrocities and tragedies that took place there. And of tragic love and heartbreaking loss. Such a terrible, terrible war. Doomed to be repeated because human being are so flawed. But fascism must be resisted and fought, forever, to keep us free. We must always be thankful for those who fought, and still fight, against fascism. And stand with them!
 A fantastic history of Milan during the war and of a real hero who helped the Allied cause. Other reviewers have said it so need for me to repeat. But I found this book incredibly moving. Highly, highly recommended and one of the best books I have read in the last 2 years.
 A very interesting, but often depressing, story of mostly civilians in northern Italy at the end of WWII. I guess I'm burning out on WWII-themed stories, though the fact that it is well written got me through.
 A very compelling story that could have been told better in IMHO. Just so many awkward moments of grammar and so unrealistic scenarios even though no doubt many of the events were truly unbelievable. Worth a read but not in the same league as "All The Light We Cannot See".
 A new angle on a second world war story. A young Italian climber joins a group escorting downed airmen and Jews over the mountain passes to safety and is then, because of his superb driving skills  recruited to drive one of the top Nazi generals around organising the German occupation of Italy. He is secretly spying on the German movements and his uncle is sending the information to the Allies by radio.  It is an exciting adventure with a romantic romantic  extra..  Very gripping and made more so by the fact it is based on a true story
 It was great that the author did not feel the need to go into too much torture and suffering, but you still know what was happening.  It was one of those books that I can hardly wait to go to bed so I can pick it up again.  Would love to have the leisure time to just sit and read it from beginning to end in one sitting.  Characters were very believable.  You wonder what you would do if you were working under Hitler.
 This book by Mark Sullivan is so well written about Pinno Lela who had an important role during World War II. The emotions of love for the first woman he met, the feeling of such despair seeing his country abused by the Natzi generals; and the seeking for revenge for the atrocities committed by them will rip your heart out as you read this book. I could not put it down and was sad to see the story end.
 True characters and events in a thrilling novel...excellent writing and insights into the Nazi occupation of Italy in World War II.
 There was nothing I didn’t like about this book! I loved the people, real people who were portrayed.<br/>I am a human interest buff and would recommend this book who anyone who enjoys real life stories and also those that are interested in history and the underlying stories of World War II.<br/>I look forward to reading more of Mr. Sullivan’s books and recommend this one highly
 This book reads like a gripping novel. You have to stop and tell yourself all the time that this is a true story. It's hard to believe that all of these things could have happened to one human being. I am amazed beyond belief that anyone could survive all these events and enjoy life when it was all over.<br/><br/>The horrors of War, come alive in this book in ways that I have never read before. If any book were able to dissuade people from the path of War this ought to be the book.
 This was an absolutely fabulous read. It starts with a very personal note from the author and then goes on to tell a story of incredible value to WWII history buffs -- one I'd never heard or even heard hinted at before. Sullivan does a deft job telling the tale of an Italian patriot put in a difficult position, and somehow succeeding at the job he was given, despite the many trials he faced. Italy has a new hero to celebrate.
 This is an amazing story! While it is historical "fiction" it has so much historically accurate information woven within the story that's it is truly captivating.<br/>Since reading this book, I have researched Pino Lella and now want to read more about him after the war.  I would consider this a must read for any WWII aficionados.
 A simply incredible story of war and evil,  love and compassion, tragedy and triumph that moved me to both laughter and tears.  Other reviewers have already said all that needs to be said.  I will just add that it is an award-winner all the way around.  I give it ten stars, not five!  God bless Pino Lella his remaining years, and Mark Sullivan for his remarkable investigating and story!!
 The reality of the Holocaust is written with real Heroes in this story. The help that was given to save Jews and protect human beings from being erased from Humanity is heart breaking. This is the kind of story that needs to be shared with all who have a heart. It is well written with visuals that help you follow along with the perils that must be endured. The sacrifices that were made to save people and the pain that was inflicted on both. A must read.
 I don't know when I have read a more beautiful and heartfelt book about a young man who experienced the cruelties of a war-torn town and the people who lived through it's devastation. I fell in love with the brave seventeen year old hero Pena Lella.  I cried tears of sadness and joy.  What a book! ! !
 Sullivan has captured a real life, been RIGHT THERE, done-it-all hero. The setting is WWll, Italy, 1943-1945. Pino is just 17 when he begins smuggling Jews to Switzerland and learns to drive the mountain roads of the Alps. He translates for Mussolini, and overheard phone calls from Hitler. He watches partisans go mad, and sees lots of innocent people killed, and truly falls in love. A well paced, intense story of a young hero's exploits in the heat of the war. Highly recommend.
 At first I thought I was reading just another book on WWII but the more I read the more I realized that this was different. This is a well written story that will stay with me for a long time.  Very well put together chronically without the randomness that many stories of this type has.
 This book is incredible - heart pounding, heart breaking, and everything between. I loved every single page although there are many places it's a hard read and very emotional. However, I can't recommend this book highly enough - incredibly well written and passionately told.
 Very well researched and clearly the author felt very connected to the main character, Pino, and the unreal events that occurred in his life and the tender young age of 18.  If there were half stars, I️ might give it 4.5 because the writing style bothered me a bit at the beginning.  The fact that it’s based on real events as remembered by Pino blew me away.  No one could dream up these atrocities!
 An excellent crafted historically accurate novel. The subtle lesson so needed for our current chaos , is that ordinary people possess the courage and conviction to combat, heroically, the over whelming evil in their midst.
 This is really a story that that should be read by people of all nations.  It really illustrates how important personal freedom is to all of us.  My heart aches for all of the suffering caused to so many people by ruthless and selfish leaders with no compassion to fellow human beings.  A lesson for all of mankind forever.  Kudos to mark sullivan for having the passion to write such a heart wrenching story.
 Excellent book..I am so glad that Mr. Sullivan got to tell this story before time and death of Peno obliterated it from history.  A story like this needed to be told.  I have not read any accounts on Italy during World War II and I enjoyed learning a bit about it and the brave people in Milan that helped bring an end to the war in Italy.
 If I had not read the preface and the post notes. I would have called it one of the best spy thrillers  I have read in a long time. The history and the fog of war are so real. If one were to just meet a Pink Lella and have him tell his story it would be impossible to believe that some actually lived this life. If you love history you have to read this book
 If you like WWII stories, this, like Unbroken is a great untold story.  To learn about aspects of the war that are rarely written about is special.  The hero is just that.  You will love the characters and "boo" the bad guys!  Well written, excellent characters and prose.
 Very interesting true story about how Hitler used Italy, who was an ally of Italy (Mussolini's big mistake), for food, industry, and labor against the will of the Italian people.The Italian people created a resistance movement to fight the Nazis but it was a struggle which caused them the loss of tens of  thousands.This story is mostly about the city of Milan.
 One of the best fiction about World War II that I've read in a really really really long time. Especially in light of our current environment it is good to be reminded of the evil that happened many years ago. Highly
 I loved this book. I’ve read many books on the subject of WWII but this was the first taking place in Italy. Incredible, heart wrenching, and heart warming all in these pages. As many reviewers do but I am not is to recap the story. Just get it, you won’t be disappointed. You’ll keep the pages turning!
 A really great read. Like other stories of WWII, it is hard to believe the horrors and hardships as well as the bravery under life threatening conditions. The author did a marvelous job of bringing all these people to life. His thorough research resulted in a satisfying ending with questions answered not just for the reader but also for Pino whose story this is. I'll look for the movie. This story has to become a movie!
 It has been a long time since I read a book this captivating. The great gift was to discover this is a true story and the protagonist,  Pino Lella was/is still alive in his nineties! I don't claim to be a great reviewer. I simply loved Mark Sullivan's style of keeping me turning pages. I hope to share it with many as gifts.
 Excellent story,exciting and engrossing ...Anyone with an interest in WW2 will find this captavating.Fully developed characters and plots....I highly recommend
 This is a story about a part of the Second World War that is often overlooked or just brushed by in the telling of more major battles and incidents. Not much is said about the Italian front and the hardships and atrocities that they faced. Nor the loves and the lives lost or the scars they carried as well. The transposition of this man's account into novel form was wonderfully done and it really pulls you in. Love in the midst of war and a war that rages inside of broken-hearted. It kept me reading night after night. Highly recommended!
 This book is impossible to put down. I read it until 4 am when I first started until my eyes gave out. Then finished it in the middle of the next night. The drama, the heartfelt emotions and the life's lessons during Pino's long and eventful life from the war torn days of WWII and into the new millennium are captivating in a way difficult to explain.
 This novel pulls you into the life of one of WWII young un-sung heroes.  Mark Sullivan brings the last years of the war in Nazi occupied Italy to life. You begin to live young Pino Lella's life. You smile with him at his boyhood antics.  You're on the edge of your seat with his close encounters with the war. And you sob with him in his despair.  I especially like how the author wraps up the end with a look at all the characters post-war.  So often with "based on actual events" stories we are left wondering "what happened to them.?".  An excellent choice if you like historical fiction based real people.
 I never realized how Italy was affected by Wirkd War II. It held my attention and as I got into the book, I had to know what was going to happen next. A book club I belong to read it and everyone really like the book!
 I loved the whole story, especially since it was based on fact, which is well explained at the end of the story. I could hardly put it down; so well written!!
 This is a great story about Pino who is an Italian baby (17-18 yr old) who stood up and did what he could to help Jewish men and women, his country, and family. I loved it!  His love and loss were both amazing and devastating to read about.
 Wonderful book.  Loved that the story really happened.  Sad in parts, but life is sad in parts especially in a war.  The writing was great, and I googled the areas in Italy where the story took me which made it even more dramatic.  I have already recommended this book to several others.
 A WWII story based on the true experiences of a 17 year old Italian man.  The story is exceptional as it takes the reader into the heart and mind of one individual who found the greatest joys and the greatest tragedies of his life in one single year. I read the book twice it was so good!  Loved the historical information about the war in Italy.
 Not usually my type so when I say it’s riveting, believe me.  Also<br/>Am first generation Italian and never knew the history of their<br/>Underground fighting during WW II.
 I found Mr. Sullivan's novel informative, entertaining and deeply moving.  If even half of what is in this novel is true, the story is incredible. I have heard stories and have attended a lecture regarding how Italians, in many instances, saved and protected their Jewish friends and neighbors. The talk was given some years ago at a local college and attended by the survivors and those who helped them. It is somewhat disconcerting and sad when some reviewers dismiss this history as proof that the events told are untrue. Life can be and often is stranger than fiction. I was deeply touched in the end by Mr. Lella's faith and by his view of life and its moments as a gift.  The story told in the novel is a testament to humanity's capacity for evil but also for our capacity for selflessness and love. There are lessons here, particularly regarding how foolish and tragic it can be to judge an individual too quickly as well as the dangers of the mob mentality. Thank you Mr. Sullivan and Mr. Lella for reminding us all of these truths. Most especially thank you Mr. Lella from this American of Italian descent who recently lost his twin brother Joseph, for reminding him ultimately of God's Goodness and Grace and the many gifts that he gives us if we just take the time to notice them.  I would highly recommend this novel (and have done so) . God Bless you Mr. Lella and thank you for sharing your story with all of us through Mr. Sullivan's fine work.
 If you like history, this book put life to a piece of WWII history in Italy....some very interesting facts not found in the dry history books....also very readable, quick paced.
 I have rarely read a book so compelling, yet had forgotten its true status. Thinking it fiction at first, I felt cheated that Anna would be killed-off so cruelly -- I expected possibly they might never see each other again as her life lead in another direction possibly. Upon reaching the truth at the end, I am astonished that anyone could live through such stunning hardships &amp; still keep going. This story will continue to inspire me as long as I love. I will not forget Pino, Anna, and all their loved ones.
 This book is very well written and researched.  Once I started reading Pino’s story I could not put it down.  The story s based in Milan, Italy and the Alps.  I loved the descriptions of the settings,  I could put myself in Pino,s shoes as he hiked the alps to save the Jews, as he drove around the Nazi, Leyers and witnessed the obscene treatment of people.  I highly recommend this book to everyone.  If there is a movie, read this book first.
 I couldn’t put the second half of the book down. The story itself was intriguing;the characters authentic and interesting,and the writing excellent.
 Story of a young man's incredible journey at the end of WW2. Based on authors interviews and research if even half of this is amazing. Writing style made vivid images both good and bad. I generally read mystery/thriller books on Amazon.  Pace of this kept up with the best of them.
 Not since reading "In Cold Blood" have I been this enthralled with a book. Simply an excellent book with the timeline, dates and locations, clearly noted. The intense life, love and death component of the characters in the location during WW2 cannot be exaggerated, but so very clearly defined and heartfelt. I've not read any books from this author but likely will. I'll be very surprised if any other of his books can surpass this one. I don't understand his choice of titles but none the less the book was/is fabulous. I'll read it again.
 What an incredible work of history!  You will laugh and cry and be frightened and hopeful and mournful.  This look into WWII in Italy will be etched into your mind forever.  An amazing story.
 The story of Pino Lella is interwoven with the last two years of WWII in Milan, Italy. Not quite a man, he is set on the path of resistance and heroism unknowingly and accepts this fate while still hoping for the love of a pretty girl. I don't know much about WWII Italy, this book and it's true characters makes me want to know more. A wonderful read.
 absolutely loved it!  always enjoy "based on a true story" and this one was no exception - have to admit I'm among the too many who don't know enough about Italy during WWII - it was a book club choice - and we/mostly all loved it - really enjoyed the author's pre and post stories to flesh it out - very well done!
 From start to finish, the book keeps you enthralled in WW2<br/>The life of Pino is amazing adventure in war-torn Italy! I could not put it down once I started. If you like true stories of WW2, then this is a must read !!!!
 This was a great story.  Hard to believe it was true.  Great birds eye view of the tragedy of war as well as faith and strength in the face of adversity.
 It will be hard to find another book to read after reading this one.  I didn’t know if I would like it when I first started reading it but even though it was sad I found ,myself slowing down my reading speed to make it last longer.  A lot to digest.
 This book is full of amazing places I never knew about. I found myself looking up images to explore Italy. The story is profound and moving. Italy during World War 2 is not written about as much as other countries, so this would be of interest to many people.
 War is hell! War reveals humanity at its worst and its best simultaneously. Evil never wins! Oh but the devastation and the atrocities it leaves before it dies... Love in the midst of this hell on earth and the tragedy of it all. Must read to appreciate this powerful story. Highly recommended.
 A glimpse into the daily reality of living in Milan during the last years of World War Two through the eyes of a 17 year old Italian boy.  Love, torture, horror, loss, and redemption all play a roll. Reads so much like a compelling work of fiction that it's hard to believe this is an actual account of past events.
 This book was so good. I love reading about the Holocost and really enjoyed Pino Lella's account of the war.  It was a unique perspective and I sometimes wondered what was true and what was embellished. He had such an interesting life and viewing the war from the perspective of a teenage boy was very interesting.
 Beautifully written tale of adventure, intrigue and romance engulfed in Natzi occupied Italy during WW II. Sullivan does a wonderful job of following the exploits of a teenage boy as he is forced to evolve into manhood as a result of the subtle cruelties of war. One of the best books I've read in years.
 This was a very well written novel. I was amazed at the bravery Pino displayed from helping people escape into Switzerland to working as a spy. The death and destruction that he witnessed is hard for many people to imagine.<br/>I am glad the author told what happened to many of the survivors and the buildings.
 I thought about reading this book for several days before deciding to buy and read it. It has been the best world war II novel I've ever read. It was hard to put down once I started reading. I liked the authors way of writing details and especially appreciated his delicate wording of the love Pino and Anna had for each other.  Descriptions of the horror and devastation that Nazis brought to northern Italy were in part hard to read. I like war stories and world war II is my favorite. Thank you for this wonderful novel
 When Americans think about the second world war, we see Germany and Japan as the opposition. We don't often reflect on italy, under Mussolini. This novel explores what occurred in Italy through the eyes of a heroic young man. Both the depths of love and hatred are dealt with. I highly recommend this novel.
 Amazing read.  I couldn't put it down.  I thought I had read enough about WWII but this is beautifully written and a unique story you won't find anywhere else.  This is the one you read all the way through the acknowledgements with the hope you will find just one more bit of information about the story because you don't want it to end.  Fantastic story; brilliantly written book.
 This book was well written and fairly interesting, especially since it supposedly stuck quite closely to true events, however, I found that it was lacking something. Something about how the story was portrayed was very "matter-of-fact" and as the plot progressed the reader got a pretty good idea of where it was headed.<br/><br/>Pino, the main character, no doubt lived a very interesting life, but as I said, this wasn't the Nazi era WWII spy novel I envisioned and perhaps that was the only problem.<br/><br/>It seemed at times that the novel would near a climax or crisis moment, but I'm not sure it ever actually crested those waves so to speak. The war came to Italy, wreaked havoc, and ended, and Pino's life very much was intertwined with its happenings, but again, something about the plot just seemed straight forward and the classic structure of most storytelling didn't appear all too apparent.
 A wonderful tale based on actual true story of WWII in Italy, descriptive action with love story.  Wonderful development of characters and scenic descriptions in a small big world.  Mr. Sullivan did great - a winner.
 An incredible story that is told very well. Captivating and full of emotion. So incredible that it's a true story. A treat to read and learn of this history and incredible man.
 Interesting story which also allows you to realize the horrors of Syria will not be healed overnight. Amidst the horror of war are people trying to do the tight thing. And those who aren't as well.
 Historical fiction set in Italy during Nazi invasion.  Book  does a good job of telling what other individuals were trying to do to help those being persecuted.  Quick read.
 One of the best Novels i have ever read. Their in the process of making the Movie. PLEASE read this fantastic book. Its all true not fiction. Look up in You Tube Pino Lella
 I have read many WWII books in the last few years and they are all heartbreaking. This is the first book I have read that describes the war in Italy...and the heroes and heroines that worked tirelessly to save their own country and give safe passage to those who were being murdered for their faith.  This book is excellently and heartbreakingly written. Considering the subject material, that is to be expected. Superb storytelling. I highly recommend this story.
 An interesting and enlightening story of World War II in Italy based on a true story.. The hero, an excellent skier who had led Jews across the Alps suddenly is forced by his family to join the Nazis. By happenstance he finds himself the driver of the leading German officer thereby becomes a spy for the resistance. Thee's also a love story involved and much suspense.  If you've read The Nightingale, you'll also love this book.
 This is not normally the kind of book that I would read,but am so glad I did! An amazing story with characters you could literally see and relate to.  So much work went into this novel, give it your time and attention.
 This book was incredible. I understand the rave reviews. This was a true story that needed to be told. A historical look at Italy’s involvement in WW II, the treatment of Italian Jews and those in the resistance that made a difference. Highly recommend it.
 An amazing story brilliantly written. A huge thanks to Mark Sullivan for seeking out this story and bringing history to life. It would be a shame to have never read about the selfless and heroic acts of Pino Lella and so many others who sacrificed their lives during the war. This is a must read for WWII enthusiasts or individuals who love reading about resilience and strength of the human spirit.
 while this is a novel it seems to have much history woven into its pages. It has sadness beyond understanding. I have ,in my late years, taken a great interest in the history of WWII and believe this story may have  captured real events that may well could have happened
 I loved the beginning, with Pino helping people escape over the alps.  But the middle started to drag and it felt like too much was bigger than life, with too many coincidences.  Parts felt like a romance novel... I don't have a problem with Pino falling in love, but the scenes and dialogue felt stereotyped.  By the end I was skimming, and wondering just how much of the story was fabricated.  In the preface, the author does say that the book is "not a work of narrative nonfiction, but a novel of biographical and historical fiction", so I went into it knowing some would be fiction, but after while it bothered me not knowing which was which.  Some maps and diagrams would have helped too, for understanding the mountain-escape sections better, and for following the action in general.  For a true story about heroism in Italy in WWII, see "Road to Valor", by Aili and Andres McConnon, I couldn't put it down and I recommend it without hesitation.
 An amazing story! So much depth and history!  I loved everyone in the book and I never wanted to put it down!  I forgot about this part of WWII in Italy. So amazed that this was a true account! I cried, I could feel what was happening to everyone!  This book should be read by everyone that wants to understand what the war did to the people who suffered, served or survived in Italy during this awful time!<br/>The story was so well done!
 Great book. Hearfelt. Well developed characters. I felt like I was "there" in several ways. Pino Lella was an interesting person. I really appreciated the fiction approach the author used and his integrity in admitting he could not verify enough of the information to write a non-fiction book. Really enjoyed and highly recommend this book. Good storytelling.
 Couldn't put this down and hard to believe it's factual.  Amazing life story, thank you for writing this an be sharing with the world.
 It was a fascinating take on WW II in Italy and one man's struggle to survive through the deaths of family, friends and the love of his life. It made him out to be a superhero but without any super capabilities other than his need to do his very difficult jobs to the best of his ability.<br/>The only negative was the author's writing style that was sometimes confusing and/or dense.<br/>I highly recommend this book to those interested in the war and how one man made a difference.
 So little has been in the open about Italy and WWII. The main character brings us history in a flowing lovely horrendous tale of his heroism.  A teenager during this time, Pino, lives through the war as a driver for the German force. That he lived to tell his tale is reason enough to read this book
 Great story.  Kept my attention the entire time. Could hardly wait until I could continue the story each time I had to put it down. Enlightened me on some of the history of a certain segment in World War II.
 An excellent depiction of the suffering and conflict endured by civilians when your country is invaded.<br/>The attention to detail of the country and architecture of Milan, of the people and their love of their country i s portrayed in great detail.  The author goes to great lengths to authenticate the facts of Pino's story.
 Fast moving and  written from  the heart.<br/>Really enjoyed this  novel  which captured  torment  and  savagery of Nazi  occupation,  unobtainable  love  and  intricate  relationships.<br/>Sullivan's  writing style was so  decriptive  I felt  I  lived through  the adventure  from  beginning to the end.
 An intriguing. Novel, a true story about WW2 in Italy.  My heart breaks  by reliving the time.  The hero, Pino ,was such a young boy living and saving Jews. His story should be repeated over and over to our children and to our children's children.  Give Stars.  .  My eyes fill with tears just remembering what is written. Although this is told about Italy, my brother fought and died just over the Rhine in 1945, while fighting the Nazi army
 It was a compelling story that kept me reading. I learned a lot that I did not already know about World War II in Italy. The characters were real and interesting and tragic. The story was truly inspiring.
 I was a boy during WW2 and knew of Mussolini but this true story really opened my eyes to the suffering endured by the Nazis.  It is a great yarn told well.
 This book has everything.  It has love, terror, courage, adventure and heroism.  As I was reading this book, I kept thinking about the fact that this was based on a true story.  This story is unbelievable but I am sure that there are many stories like this that never got told.  I am so thankful to the author for taking the time to tell us Pino's story.  I would highly recommend this book to any kind of reader.
 A terrific book with a mesmerizing story and unforgettable characters.  I couldn't wait to see what happened next.  Some parts of the book push the edges of reality so the reader should just suspend belief and go along for the exciting ride.  A very memorable book and highly recommended!
 This was a compelling story of one young man's journey through WW II and the changes it took on s young Italian boy who had to grow up way before he should have.  Loved the aftermath which you do not often get to find out st a story,s end.
 I have read many fiction and non fiction stories from a variety of perspectives about WW 2.  This is an incredible tale told in a way that kept me awake long after my light should have been out for the night.  Thank you to Mr. Lella for sharing his story and Mr. Sullivan for telling it.  I won't forget the details of this heroic story.
 Pino's pain from the war and his love that was lost could easily be felt by the reader.  Details of the war from an 'insider' were very interesting also.  Definitely a book to be read!
 This is an incredible story.  Based on a true story during WWII in Milan Italy.  It's terrible how the people were treated by the Nazi's.  However, the Italians were not sympathetic to anyone who were seen with the German soldiers.  In most cases that was the only way they could survive but no one wanted to hear it.  Great book!
 This was a GREAT BOOK. I learned so much about WWII in Italy. This is a part of WWII that is not written about as much as other parts of WWII. The hero of this book is a wonderful person!
 I  did not know very much about the Nazi occupation of Italy, so this book opened a huge area of interest to me.  The true story of these brave teen age boys rescuing the fleeing German Jews is an inspiration.  The horrible pounding Milan and it's citizens suffered should be a lesson to all of us, as we learn the lessons of fascism and dictatorships.  Don't let that happen here!  A very worthwhile story.
 Unbelievable story.  How could so much happen to one young guy?  Thank you Mark for spending 10 years researching this story and writing the book for us.  I learned a great deal about WWII in Italy.  God Bless Pino Lella and his family.  What a great way to learn about our history.
 The truth is more fantastic than fiction. This tale is inspiring as is  life, he had to grow up in a hurry.  In some respects he lead a charmed existence, but it also was a nightmare. He lived more life in his adventures during his war life than many others did in three lifetimes.
 I am so thankful that this author, Mark Sullivan discovered this amazing Italian soldier from WWII and recorded his incredible story. This main character, Pino Lello, is an amazing young man who comes of age in WWII. How he was able to survive,<br/>help the Allies and endure hardships and loss during this<br/>time is amazing. A story of loss, love, but mostly his selfless devotion to the cause of freedom.<br/>Maggie's Smith
 The book is set in an interesting historical time frame, and I appreciate how much research went into writing the novel. But the story is choppy, the characters are not well-developed, and the writing is juvenile and pedantic.
 A soul turning account of one man's courage and heart wrenching sadness of WWII. So well written, fast paced, descriptive and compelling. I cant begin to explain how this book reaches into one's soul. A story of love, life, triumphs, atrocities, heart ache, loss and bitterness in wartime.
 A book I found not just interesting, but informative and emotionally charged. I am not one to immerse so deeply that I can't put a book down. But I found myself so involved in Pino Lella that I picked up the book whenever free time was at hand. His loss of Anna brought tears to my eyes. And Italy's last days of the war was equally heart wrenching.  A book I shall not soon forget.
 The first 3/4 of the book were so interesting and well written.  I was disappointed with the final quarter.  It didn't have the zing the rest of the book had. Maybe there was no way around it.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read. The book was written in a way that took me inside the story of Pino Lellas, a young man who was highly courageous during the German invasion of Italy during World war ll. It was an intense story that highlighted the best and worst of humanity in a way that draws the reader into the story. Five stars because it deserves nothing less.
 Easy read. Made me think about the decisions which are made and how the brutality has a way of justification in the minds of those committing these atrocities.  I enjoyed how the countryside was described and the closeness of the Italian families - how they cared for each other.
 I loved this book. I told everyone in my family to read it. It was a tale of adventure and heartbreak.  A real page turner.  It's a story about how world war ll effected just a small part of the world and the people who lived there.  Now think of all the rest of the world that was effected.  Truly enjoyed. A must read
 If you love historical fiction this book is for you. I love that it's based on real people that lived through this awful time in history. I learned a lot about what happened in Italy during the war while enjoying a beautiful and tragic story.
 I was so intrigued by this story. It made me want to research more on a topic I never thought much about. I couldn't put this book down.
 I knew nothing about Italy's involvement in the latter part of World War II. It's hard to believe the remarkable story of Pino Lella happened. This story has so many human  elements and the complicated dilemmas and realities of true life in tragic circumstances. I was riveted.  I have finished the book and it will stay with me as I process what took place in those years of Pino Lella's life. Sobering and inspiring.
 Great novel, I spent lots of time looking up people and places mentioned. There were times when I found lots of information, and times where there was none. That is part of why this story was written, the story hadn't been told. Always good to look to the past and find its relevance in the present.
 I did not know much about the book but once I started I could not put it down. A great book. I wonder if he's a relative? I doubt it there's not much of that type of skill that I'm aware of in the family.
 Really enjoyed this book.  The author took great care in staying within the realm of reality while creating good character studies,
 After setting up the background, the book is fast-paced, keeping the reader engaged and wondering what's next.  The characters are well developed but leaving some room for the reader to form his/her own opinion.  A good choice for an active discussion for a book club.
 One of the best books I've ever read.  And that's saying a lot for me if this book is that good.  I've read a lot  My house full of books  3 book shelf in the living room  Books all around the top of my walls down stairs.  Books on both sides of my upstairs.  4 more book shelves upstairs.
 This book is a great read.  There is everything between the pages, what's more--it is true.  All about Italy in WWII and so many aspects of life in Italy during those times.  Views of adventure and hoe otherwise overlooked.  Full of adventure, romance and danger.  It is all about a young boy's bravery and his love of family and dedication to his country.
 I have never  liked stories of WW's, but the name on the cover of the book grabbed at me and I call you I don't  regret buying the book.  It was fascinating  and I could not put the book down.<br/><br/>I felt like was  there in the middle of it  all.  Mark you have outdone yourself,  congratulations.  I certainly  highly recommend you read this beautiful story  about tragedy, faith, strength  and love.
 From the very first until the very last pages, absolutely riveting!  This is my first time reading something by the talented Mr. Sullivan and will most certainly not be my last.  The description of each character created vivid images for me and the depiction of each scene brought the story to life.  If you happen to read this, Mr. Sullivan, thank you so very much for telling this very important story and for sharing a synopsis of Pino's post-war life.  You definitely have a new and lasting fan in me!
 Sullivan has written a tremendously engaging book about a very difficult time in Italian history. A great read that is entertaining and educational.
 I believe this is Mark Sullivan's best work to date.  The story is compelling, and the last few chapters were as moving as any I've read.  I hope this author continues to explore other areas; his talent is exceptional'
 The truth about the atrocities of World War Two are almost unfathomable and this book brings to light how many innocents suffered and died because of flawed humans.
 Really liked this. I have read many<br/><br/>WWIi  stories but this was the first based on Italy I never realized how much the citizens of that country suffered during the occupation.  Great story about one of the unsung Heroes of that terrible war.
 This was a great book. I’m haunted by the characters and the real life events.  It makes me all the more weary because we live in times when tyranny and hate are rearing their ugly heads again. What makes people turn into monsters, take on personas, write off others like an afterthought? I highly recommend this book. If I could give it ten stars, I would.
 This is one of the most riveting novels I've read in a long while. It is based on the true story of Pino Lello, an unlikely &amp; mostly unknown 18 year old Italian war hero in WWII who became a spy for the Nazi resistance. I almost passed on this gem because I don't usually read war stories. Uncommon bravery confronts seemingly endless atrocities in Beneath a Scarlet Sky, which grips the reader much like Laura Hillenbrand's Unbroken does.  While Sullivan isn't quite as polished as Hillenbrand, it makes little difference. A story like this tells itself through Sullivan's obviously thorough research and ample craftsmanship. I highly recommend Beneath a Scarlet Sky, even for those who don't usually read war stories. Can't believe this hasn't been made into a movie!
 I choose this historical fiction/biography to learn more about WWII. The details in this novel give a clear understanding of the horrors of war and it's aftermath in Italy.  The characters came alive for me as I delved into the story.<br/>It is well written and for me became real in my mind. This is a novel for young adults through seniors.
 Totally engrossing.  A piece of history that I knew little about.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys history and the research that goes into telling a story about a real person.
 Another true story of bravery,tragedy, love, in the midst of war that goes beyond the understanding of those who have never experienced such things. Yet at the same time gives insight into the dichotomy of both good and evil contained within human nature. One will not soon forget the story told in these pages. Highly provocative and intensely emotional.
 Loved the historical research and story line and character development.  This was truly a page turner.  The portrayal of this terrible period of history was very well told and completely held my interest. This book evidenced incredible effort and commitment by the author.
 OY! What a dirge. Needed severe editing. An interesting story. Not well told.Purple prose. Descriptions of women made me want to throw it across the room.
 This book has my attention without allowing me to put it down for more than a few hours. Incredibly well written… An amazing story of the courageous persons during World War II
 A book that once one starts to read, has a hard time putting it down.  A great historical fiction book that gives insight into the heartache and suffering as well as the courage of the people in Italy during World War II.
 Thrilling and enchanting made all the more interesting because it is a true, historically account of many unknown details of Italy’s World War II.
 I chose this book as my Kindle First free book for April, and I absolutely loved it! I figured out some things that would happen, but that didn't make me feel any less emotion once they finally happened. Just a very well written piece of history about an amazing man during a terrible time and many great life lessons throughout about faith, love, and living life in the moment and "con smania" (with passion).
 Wow.  I got into the main "character" (a real person) immediately and my empathy level soared.  This writer is outstanding!  And I'm a very critical reader.  He takes you on a journey where you can see, taste and feel everything, your eyes just glide over the words.  Many depressing things in the story yet I wasn't depressed in the reading.  Instead, inspired.  I will look to other books written by this author.  Very, very good read!
 Excellent Read! I'm an ole history buff and you run across some famous people from WWII. There are very few books I really enjoyed about WWII and this ranks up there with the best. I went over the ending a few times and the author did not mention where our hero "Pino" was buried or the date of his death. Did I miss this? In my mind a real 5 star read<br/>E. Johnson
 This book is wonderfull!!!!  Exciting, suspenseful, reticent, funny&amp; incredibly sad in places.  Well worth reading.
 A riveting story of life in Italy during WWII.  The main character in the book is a true hero and through his experiences you learn about how life evolved in Northern Italy during the time of Nazi control.  This book changed my opinion of the Catholic Church during the war and taught me things I just didn't know.
 Was great to learn so much history about Italy's role in WWII.  Our book club had some lively conversations about this story.  So much suffering by the various Italian towns.  Knowing that it was based on a true story by such a young hero was an extra perk.<br/>Definitely would recommend the read, a page turner!
 Suggested reading by my daughter. A little different from my regular reading material, but once into the book, I had to finish it. Great story brought to light from the second world war. An unknown story for the most part and glad it is now available for everyone to read. I'm guessing there are many such stories yet to be uncovered, but this is an intimate story of survival, loss and willingness to fight against men who thought they had ultimate power over the people of Italy.
 I chose this as my Kindle First pick.<br/>Sometimes I slog through a plodding, agonizing read where I am aware of the writer way too much. Other times, a book is just so-so, predictable, and I forget it almost immediately.<br/>And then, just once in a while, I hit a magic BINGO, and get sucked into an irresistible world, an intriguing story so well written that I forget I am reading, but rather I am there, living it and seeing it. This was one of those rare gems. And then the fact it is a true story - that's the cherry on top.<br/>Read this one. You won't be sorry.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a while.  It gives a deeper insight as to what went on in Italy during WWII.  The war in Italy hasn't always been depicted in books and movies, so this book was very eye opening for me.  That it was a true story made it even better.  I'm filled with nothing but admiration for Pino Lella and others who risked their lives to help Jewish people escape the Nazis.
 World War II found a<br/> reluctant Pino, a young Italian who was daring, brave, loving, fierce, strong and clearly not a "soldier."  The very idea that this is a true story; and the events described all actually happened, is extraordinarily shocking.  Sullivan clearly put his own heart and soul on the line in the telling of this unbelievable tale of love, cruelty and fate.  One cannot help but be moved by this work!
 This book is an all-nighter. The suspense of finding out what happens next kept me turning the page into the early morning hours. I am not a history buff so I didn't know about Italy's involvement in WWII. This book opened my eyes to the atrosaties committed against the Italian people. The end of the book struck my heart in a way I will never forget.  The depth to which the main character exhibits bravery and struggles with his choices give an example of the kind of person I think we would all like to be.
 I was looking for something different, and I was interested in this book because of the great reviews it received. I did enjoy this book, and I liked learning about a side of WWII that isn't often talked about.
 I enjoyed this novel and appreciated it was based on fact. Pino the main character was only a young man aged 16 but he<br/>showed extreme bravery in helping the Jews escape into Switzeland. He then went on to become a spy for the Partisans<br/>and acted as a driver for a top ranking German.
 A wonderful story of WW II in Italy<br/>  Although classified as a novel, it is based on true facts.  One moment you do not want to put it down.  The next, you have to stop for a while because the tragedy of this true story was too much to bear.
 One of the best books i have ever read. The ending had me in tears. If you like WW2 history, love stories, and or adventure, you'll love this book!
 I couldn't put it down. With every turn of the page something new would happen drawing me further into Pino's life during WWII.  I had to keep telling myself this is based on a true story-just amazing
 It's been a long time since I've read a book that I couldn't put down. I love true stories of survival and people overcoming insurmountable odds. This story did not disappoint.  It started off slow, but it really picked up.
 Mark Sullivan tells an amazing story about Pino Lella, a hero/victim of WWII.  Pino barely manages to survive to relay his experiences of tragedy after tragedy.  It is a story I'll never forget. I'm so grateful to my wife for suggesting it to me. I hope it becomes a movie.
 An amazing story of a young Italian man's trials, tribulations, loss, and love... reading is personal for me but felt compelled to share this story with others in my life when I had finished. My thanks to Pino for all he did to help others and to Mark for sharing his story with the world.
 Inside look at the horrors of world war two intertwined<br/>With a gripping love story. a true unrecognized hero.<br/>It is believable and fascinating.
 I loved this book.<br/> I said to myself that if this is only partially true, what an incredible story. Then  reading the last section, I was moved beyond measure. The courage,strength and suffering was hard to comprehend. Very well written!
 I loved this book.  It's one of those books that once you start reading it, you don't want to put it down.  Read it in two days.  You can read the other reviews for more in depth info on the storyline.  I will just say, I loved it.
 Pino Lello's remarkable story immerses the reader in the war in Milan from the first page to the last.  The storytelling is masterful, seamlessly weaving historic fact with drama.  Reading the research notes at the end of this engaging novel was equally as enlightening as the novel itself.  A beautiful and important tribute to a brave young man.
 This story has everything you need to keep and hold your attention, and it's true, I had to keep reminding myself.  It is an incredible story based in Italy where my  grandfather  came from before immigrating to the United State. so for me I savored every picture he painted  with his words.
 Such a good read. It is a bit of a slow burn. It took me a long time to get through the first chapters, but after that I could not put it down. The book keeps you on the edge of you seat while tearing at your heart. You can connect Pino's struggle between right and wrong. Beautiful book.
 This story captured me right from the first page.  I was compelled to keep reading, even when the story was so painful I didn’t want to go on.  It is an extraordinary tale of an extraordinary young man who defied the odds over and over again.  Pino Lella, I will never forget your name and your story.
 Great story. Wish I knew what was fact and what was fiction. Some of the writing was weak but the story out weights the writing.
 What an incredible story that would, in my opinion, appeal to any reader who appreciates a gripping story depicting true love, suspense, honor and the disturbing truths and atrocities of war. The entire time I was reading this sensational novel, I kept thinking how this story would make an Emmy Award movie someday soon, I hope!
 A very good look at what Italy endured during WWll.  Good character development.  Intriguing story. An especially engaging historical novel.
 This book started with a simple discussion. True story about a young teenager who guides refugees and downed pilots through the Alps during WW2.  Good story about the Italian resistance.
 Enjoyed this view of the war.  Couldn’t put the book down because I had to keep reading to see what would happen next.
 To me, this was an excellent book.  I like reading about the resistances in Europe during the WWII era.  How many of us would have been so brave and trusted at such an early age.  Well written, as I was on skis, on snow covered cliffs, hiding from the opposition.
 It may be somewhat embellished as some say...and yet truth is stranger than fiction at times.  It was a terrible time and the story shows the raw horror of it.
 This was an amazing story. I could not put this book down. My in-laws were children in Italy during WW!! so the book's description of the tragic conditions and cruelty really hit home for me. Pino was such a wonderful character. I appreciated the Aftermath section that provided the reader with an overview of what happened to many of the characters after the war. What a great story and that it is true makes it even more impressive!
 A new perspective on acitives of Hitler and the German Army. Based on the life of a real spy in Hitler's top command!  Lot of historical events and andventure.  Fast paced and well written.
 This book is as fine an example of historical fact/fiction as I have read.  Mark Sullivan brings every character to life and enables the reader to feel a full range of emotion in every scene.  Sullivan creates visible scenes through his words and brings the war in Italy right the reader.  What would be a seemingly unrealistic plot to a fiction story is unbelievably the theme to the reality of one man's life in WW II northern Italy.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this story. Not only because it was a true story but it was one that needed to be told. I cried, laughed and got angry. It brings out all the emotions in you. So many lives affected by Pino and all the sacrifices he made for his family and his country...loved it!!
 What a wonderful true story. A riveting worthwhile read. It is hard to believe one individual could have lived through so many extraordinary experiences in just a few years. Recommended.
 Great book!!!! I typically do not go for historical/war books. However, after reading the sample as a recommendation, I could not put it down. I highly recommend this book! Great read!
 What a fantastic story!  If you enjoy historical fiction, then this is a read that you just can't pass up.  Mark Sullivan captured Pino's story in a vivid and very well written book.  The story is about an Italian teen and how he helped the Allied forces during the closing years of WWII while helping Jews cross the Alps, and providing secret information to the Italian resistance.  The Author claims that about 90% of the book is true, it reads like a historical fiction.  Hard to put down.
 This Kindle book was very worthwhile in its description of the experiences of ordinary citizens in their response to World War II.  The descriptive passages of the Italian Alps were vivid as were the characters in the book, flaws and everything; plus the optimism in the face of impossible challenges was uplifting.  Thank you, Mark Sullivan.
 If you enjoy history and the enduring human spirit this book is for you. The book is based on a true story. The characters come to life, drawing the reader in, cheering for them to win. Very difficult to put this down even when my eyes were closing
 Phenomenal story about the latter 2 years of WWII in Italy.<br/>Fascinating torch on history done in away that was so enjoyable to read.<br/>The beginning part was at times tedious. But the last 400 pages were spell binding. It is amazing what a person can do, when given the task such as Pino was given.<br/>And how people can be so inhuman towards each other.<br/>If you are a fan of WWII, read it.<br/>If you are a fan of good journalism, read it.<br/>If you just want to read a great book. Read this one.<br/>It is a history lesson written like a novel.<br/>Loved it.
 There are many wonderful stories of people who resisted the Nazi, Facist war machine. Each one is inspiring. This story is the same. The story of brave young people who risked their lives and won or lost those they loved. This book covers part of the war in Italy, of which I was not very knowledgeable about. A very good read. I enjoyed it.
 What a great read, this novelized version of actual events.  Some here compare it to All the Light We Cannot See, but other than setting (ww2) these are very, very different in style.  That being said, this is simply a treasure of a story and I applaud Mr Sullivan for bringing it to the world in such a well-told way. If you are looking for a well-written, compelling, story full of tragedy, heroism, and finally, hope, then look no further.
 An excellent book that opened my eyes to WWII in Milan, Italy.  We have a lot of information about Germany, France, and England and this is such a good read about Italy.  Mark Sullivan did a good job of making the characters so real, and they WERE.
 Just finished this book.  Couldn't stop reading it.  For a true story, it doesnt seem plausible, but it was.  I hear its going to be made i to a movie, as  it should be.  The story is incredible.  I'll  probably re-read i, it is so good. The writer makes the story come alive.  A MUST READ!
 I really enjoyed this book. This is a solid read, keeps you engaged, interested, and at times, on the edge of your seat. This is a fictional book based on a real story. As you remember that much of what is written actually happened, it is even more impactful. I new little of WWII in Italy. This book brought it all to life.
 The setting gave me a different perspective of WWII than the three other novels I have read this year set in England or Norway or Poland.
 What a story! Incredible, the obstacles and challenges Pino endures and overcomes. Glad to learn about Leyers in the end.
 Because this is a true story, it is unpredictable.  As you read it, you think you know the story arc, Its a war story right? but no, it twists and turns in a truly unpredictable way.  The hero, Pino  reminded of myself as a teen, knowing nothing yet feeling like I could do anything, and the descriptions of climbing in  the Italian alps made want to return there.
 Historically interesting although some of the violence described was gratuitous.<br/>English writers appear to have lost the fine art of writing good grammar and I found myself making mental corrections of split infinitives and singular verbs.<br/>This was a good story and one which made my father's experiences in wartime Italy much easier to understand. I would recommend this book.
 What an incredible story. I was on the edge of my seat the entire time. In awe of what this man experienced, what he did for others, and all the heartbreak he had to endure. Such an incredibly brave man even if he views himself as a coward.
 Found myself not wanting to put this piece down.  Was hooked from the very first page.  Great character descriptions.  everything was tied up before your had to admit the it was complete now.  Most enjoyable.
 An account of one man's experiences in Nazi Italy during WW 2. The time frame is 1943-1945 as the Allies fought their way from Sicily to Milan. Mostly based on the true story of a boy from Milan whose family was definitely anti-Nazi but who decided that the safest thing for him was to be in the German Army as a member of the engineering corps. Some very grim incidents, but interesting from historic point of view.
 This book was an incredible look at the war in Italy. This man's life and legacy are incredible. I know it is fictionalized, but if even 1/3 of what was written is true, it is amazing. I can't say enough good about this book.
 This book was a great read. Although I do not like to read about the atrocities perpetrated by Hitler and others,the story caught my attention and kept it.
 This is a story of one young mans servile and work during WW II ..  Of how he got to be a Nazi general driver and how he helped the Italians by giving them information about the Nazis.  How he helped Jews escape.Italy.
 I am a great fan of Italy and lived there as a child in addition to many visits since then. I didn’t know anything much about circumstances in Italy and an grateful now to know some. Men and war-what a tragedy
 This was a great read  what made it even more compelling was it was a true story. I couldn’t put it down. It’s true truth is stanger than fiction and more interesting.
 The preface for this novel drew me in especialy because it is based on a true story. I learned a lot about WWII and the effects it had on Italy with this book that I was not aware of before. As the novel moves forward, Pino, the main character of the novel encounters many obstacles but his strength and resilience grows in leaps and bounds, yet he remains humble. He never realizes he truely is a hero which makes him all the more admirable.  An inspiring story, I hope they make a movie based on this book.
 One of the best novels I have ever read.  The horror and inhumanity of war, the brutality and naked sickness of the Nazi regime offset by the ability of the human spirit to survive and flourish in the worst of times.  It makes our current world situation  look not as bleak.
 This was a choice of my book club. I generally like historical fiction, but WWII is not exactly my favorite era. That said, I did appreciate the truth of the events and the style of the author. There were times, though, that I had to put the book aside for a bit. It was a challenge, but worth it.
 I would not ordinarily choose a book involving war and I wasn't sure I had picked the best book for me.  But I found this book to be not only informative historically, but the story about the family that lived that war experience was entertaining and touching. All the emotions surrounding death and suffering and living and loving and adventure and sadness were all on display in this book.  It was easy reading for a 500 page book.
 This is a great story. It seems strange that it is a true story. If it was a work of pure fiction, I would have found it unbelievable.
 I'd never read anything about Italy and WWII. The "true" aspect of the story was both sad and heartwarming. I loved the follow up of information up to the 60's. This would be a wonderful movie.
 Very compelling story of Italian resistance in WWII. A vivid retelling of a true life hero who first guided people fleeing the fascist regime over the alps to freedom. He later became a driver for one the nazi high commanders and used his position to help allied forces while being scorned by friends and family for seeming to be a turncoat.
 War brings out the best and worst in people. True heroes willing to risk their lives for others against other people who use their power to do unspeakable atrocities. Much I learned from this book - the suffering of the Italian people and the action of the catholic priests and believers to help and save jews at great personal risk.
 I found this to be an amazing and educational first hand account of the Nazi occupation of Milan during WWII.  My wife's parents experienced it in Holland so I have heard their stories.  My son-in-laws grandparents survived a concentration camp but his Dad won't talk about it.  But here is a very compelling true life story that will keep you riveted to every page right to the incredible conclusion.
 There is nothing in this story to dislike.  It's an amazing tale of courage and bravery during a particularly dark period of time.  What a difference a few people and their concerted efforts, regardless of the danger, make.<br/><br/>This is one book worth rereading.
 Answered some questions for me that had not been addressed.  Have always wondered why? how? etc...  Was just a child during those times, but those thoughts never go away.
 Even after a couple of years, I still think about this book. Wonderfully written so you can get a feel for the characters and the setting.
 I am a sucker for WWII stories.  Especially those based on true stories.  I found Pino Lella's story to be one of amazing courage,  The description of his mountaineering feats were nail biting and I really felt part of the action.  The characters in the book were vivid and complex and I would highly recommend this book to WWII fiction and non-fiction lovers.
 An amazing tale of wartime life and love and loss. The reality of it all hits you right between the eyes. Some tough reading at times. Perhaps a little too real! How can humans be so cruel to one another?!!! All in all, a story well told. If only we would ever learn.
 I loved, loved this book.  I read a number of rather harsh criticisms about this book after I finished it.  I was searching on line to find out how much was true &amp; what was fiction. I'm still not sure what the answer to that is, but I feel certain it didn't deserve the lambasting many reviewers gave it. One reviewer was right to warn people "don't start this book late at night." I stayed up 3 nights in a row to finish this book.  Almost had to quit my 'day job.'
 After many trips to Italy, I thought I had learned so much. This book has opened my eyes  and heart to so much more.  My uncle was in WWII in the U.S. Army in  Italy, but never wanted to talk about it.  How I wish he was still alive so I could try harder to hear his story.  Pino will remain in my memory for a long time. I want another trip to Milan to find the Lella family home and shop!  Well written book, great characters and you can't help but feel their successes and pains and losses.
 Powerful story.  I could hardly put the book down.  That this is based upon real events and real people makes it even more amazing.  It is hard to believe that one person could have gone through so much in such a short time.  If it was purely fiction, we might think the author was pushing credulity, but truth is stranger than fiction, and in this case it is no less powerful.
 A wonderful page turner from beginning to end.  I have driven The Brenner Pass, walked and climbed in the Dolomite mountains marveled at the beauty of The Dome in Milian. Therefore it was easy to imagine the danger faced leading unexperienced people over the Alps.  Positively I will save Beneath a Scarlet Sky and enjoy reading again.
 Great read! I couldn't put it down. Will make a great movie! The fact that it's based on a true story made my experience reading this book, even better. Obviously with so many tragic events, there was never a dull moment trying to predict each turn of events. Also due to being based on a true story, then end wasn't what I had hoped for. :(
 Extremely good book. Once you start reading you can’t put it down!
 Fabulous story about the Nazi occupation of Italy in the last year's of WW2. The courage and suffering of the hero (a real and fascinating young Italian named Pino ) is inspiring and almost  unbelievable...but is yet one more story about the everyday people who became heroes in the face of unspeakable war horrors. I couldn't put this book down and highly recommend it.
 This story was riveting and gut wrenching at times. I truly felt I was living in the story. In our current times we need to pay attention to detail and not let history repeat itself. Humanity is in peril and we need to remember life is precious and not to be taken for granted. The lives of WW11 that were lost were not in vain.
 I really enjoyed the book. It is a great story based on a true story. It was much more meaningful knowing that much of the story really happened. I liked reading about the war in Italy as I had not read much about it before.
 I so enjoyed this story!  Knowing it was a true account of World WarII , made it all the more fascinating.  My Dad,in his nineties, finally opened up and shared his story of the war.  So I find it believable that this story treasure lay hidden for so many years.  I thank everyone who helped dig up this priceless treasure. Everyone should read this for the lessons it offers and so the world will never forget the atrocities committed by so many.
 I read a lot. All types of books. This is not only one of the best books I’ve ever read, but one I’ll never forget.  I’ve told everyone I know about this unbelievable book and nobody has been disappointed. I couldn’t put it down and just kept thinking: holy smokes! This actually happened!
 I was drawn in from the first.  I loved this story right from the first, the characters, especially LILO and the general.  Very well written, totally engrossing.
 I couldn’t put this book down. For those who love history and are interested in WWll in Italy I highly recommend this book. It s descriptions of the settings of this real life will make northern Italy come alive for you. The courage of the young men is amazing.
 Simply put, this is an incredible story. There wasn’t a single moment that I wasn’t eagerly anticipating what was going to happen. I love that the author spent as much time as he did getting as much of the facts as possible. It’s heartbreaking, triumphant, eye-opening...Pino Lella, you are a brave soul. I will definitely be ordering a hardcover copy of this book to keep, that’s how much I loved it.
 Enjoyed this book completely. I was a child during this dispecible time in our history. Didn’t know much about the Italy connection but enjoyed learning about what they went through.
 I like to read "historical fiction" where in this case the characters are real<br/>people and the story follows as close to actual facts as could have been known. Also, the description of the scenery in the Alps is so real.
 I could not put this book down. The incredible story of Pino Lella and his acts of courage and selflessness during World War II in Italy will stick with me for a long time. Everything about this book was absolutely perfect and had me at the edge of the seat, while at the same time wanting to be right there in the action climbing the Alps with Pino to Switzerland as he rescued Jewish refugees, or running through the streets of Milan with him when the Allies began bombing the city. Read this amazing book and I promise you won't be disappointed!
 The was an excellent book.  Full of so much history of what went on in Italy during the Second World war.  It was so well written.<br/>Reading it you experienced what  the characters had gone through, and how this horrible war changed the people forever.  Reminding us of the terrible atrocities that millions experienced at the hands of the NAZIS
 Amazing story and depiction of WW2. As I read Pino Lella's story, I often had tears, and a new understanding for all who endured that atrocious war. My Grandfather was a part of the US fourth armored division that freed the slaves. It was very rare for him to share any information about it to any of us, but I know that the memories of it had haunted him. He passed away in 2007 at 90 years old. Thank you Pino, for your story, and to Mark, for retelling it so well!
 I really enjoyed reding this book. I have visited many of the areas in Italy mentioned in the book. It is hard to image all the destruction done from WW II.
 I have studied the history of Nazi Germany but was not overly familiar with the Italian's side. It was enlightening and educational but also very entertaining, even had it been written as simply a "story". Knowing it was based largely on real life events just made it so much better.
 The authors remarkable and diligent research is impressive. The book is important because so little has been written about Italy and World War Two.
 I'm not much of a reader, but something grabbed my interest as soon as I saw this book. I was hooked after the first chapter. A true story of survival, love, and tragedy capture you instantly. Mark Sullivan did an amazing job in his research and writing to illustrate this story in words and carrying each chapter smoothly to the next. I cannot wait for the movie to come to theaters. Thank you Mr. Sullivan. Thank you.
 War is hell is not a lost saying. This basically true story is amazing to read as well as difficult. Most of can only be very grateful for not having lived his life. What a great person .  I only wish I knew him. Love this book.  It is a wonderful account of Italy during the war.
 I learned so much of the history of Italy .  The horrible history I pray will never happen again. I did not know that the Nazi's cruelty was in Italy. I also didn't know the degree of resistance against the evil. Also the people who were really good forced into evil by fear.
 As amazing as all the positive reviews indicate and one I will continue to recommend to friends and family.  We all can only hope to have the strength of character and intelligence to survive a similar environment, much less help save lives and defeat such atrocities.  This personnel account is in stark contrast to "Reality Show Mentality" so prevalent today.  Mr. Sullivan, thank you for telling his story!
 It is said that history must never be forgotten or it will repeat itself, and this book tells a crucial part of the history of World War II that is not known well enough. The story is narrated in such a way that it is impossible to put it down, from beginning to end. Every reader will take away life changing lessons and a deeper understanding of what gives purpose to existence.
 This was a page Turner of a book, a novelization of a true story.  I was looking for a book about WW II in Italy and hit the jackpot with this book, a very well written and engaging story.
 This true story is a terrific book about the amazing journey for this young man and his family and friends who resisted the Nazis in Italy.  It's filled with passion, courage and very human reactions and fears.  Unbelievable what he and others faced and the risks they took to combat and ultimately defeat horrible people committing unspeakable crimes.
 I've read several Kindle First books and many have been good but, in my opinion, some books had reviews which were overrated. So when I selected this 5 star rated book, I did so with caution. To my delight, this book was every bit as amazing as previous reviewers have said. It's a book that will stay with me for a long time. Many thanks to Pino Lella for sharing his story (I kept wishing I could meet him) and to Mark Sullivan for the years of research it took to put this beautiful story on print. This book is definitely one of my all time favorites.
 This is the captivating true story of Pino Lella. An unassuming young man during WWII. His story is one of bravery, love, loss, and most of all, perseverance. I truly enjoyed it from beginning until end. What a life to have lead.
 Probably one of my top 5 favorite books of all time.  It started a little slow for the first 1-2 chapters but after that I could not put it down.  Don't want to give away took much, but the twists keep coming thru the entire book.  I just could not believe this is a true story!  Just ready it!
 I  give  this book  five  stars . I was  in  high  school  during  this  time  and  do remember  some  of  the  happenings  but  of course  most  of  it  was  never  reported . What  a  young  man . To think  he  was  only  in  his  teens and accomplished  all of  this . Should  be  mandatory  reading  for  all  students  as it relates  to  all  the  atrocities  c omitted  today .
 This book stunned me at every turn of events. I continue to be amazed at the barbaric way people can act during war times. This account of a young man serving a Nazi officer gives us an inside story of how Italian Jews were treated DURING WWII  Although well written, you will hate the message that most of us can not understand of other human beings.
 Started out a little slow but then it picked up to a hurricane pace.  It sheds light on the Nazi invasion in Italy.  It is tension-filled.
 One of the best books I have ever read.  I am a WWII book junkie and it was very interesting to read about this perspective from Italy, the writer makes things clear and imaginative all while getting to the point.  Easy read that will keep you up way too late wanting to find out what happens next.  Must read for historical fiction addicts like myself.
 It is great story of an unsung hero whose life-threatening deeds contributed to the demise of Nazi occupied Italy during the Second World War.  I was not familiar with a great deal of the Alpine mountain climbing vocabulary, specifically the geological terms and the climbers'tools.  I don't think the style was particularly good.  In short, the story line is of particular interest.
 If you like history and love true story novels, this is the book for you! John Sullivan does a superb job of telling a difficult story!
 Always a fan of WWI historical fiction, I was surprised how a real story is better than fiction.  Mark Sullivan captures a hero's account with all the twists and turns of a thriller. I am planning to give copies to friends as gifts this Christmas.
 I could not put this great book down.  It opened my eyes to the great goodness of  people and also to the ruthlessness of others.  Loving families doing the right thing for those in need .
 This novel will have your heart rate at the limit, both from the absolutely intense moments on the mountain<br/>and in the countrysides of Italy.<br/>The story of Anna is heartbreaking for Pino and anyone who reads this novel.<br/>Very unsettling story!
 I happen to enjoy history.  ‘Unbroken’ was my favorite war story until this came along.  It is really non-fiction, but because it is not able to be completely substantiated it’s a novel.  If you decide to read it pick a day when you have nothing else planned because you won’t put it down.  Have plenty of tissues handy as well as water and meals you can just heat up in a hurry.  If you’ve read it then you know that already.  If you don’t read it you will have missed one of life’s greatest stories.
 Pino Lella's tale shows us the great sacrifices of war and love. I had little knowledge of this part of history, and I'm so thankful to Mark Sullivan for this amazing story of a hero, which tells not only the history, but the human side of a war our fathers fought.
 One almost forget you are reading a novel.  Every time I closed the book I had to tell myself it all is not fact.  So well told love and passions during wwii that you think you may know the person or the place.  It is rough for war veterans and it is sweet for all others so all can enjoy it.  Take the time and read it
 Fantastic book for anyone but especially those who have a special interest in WWII in the European Theater.  Not too much has been written from the viewpoint of a youth from northern Italy and how he gets drawn into the war and what happens as it is ending.  Gripping, compelling and impossible to put down.
 The Italian story of Hitler and the affects of the war is a fascinating read. I learned so much and appreciate the sacrifice.
 This was an amazing account of the travesties that took place in Italy during WWII. Not much has been written or said about Italy during that time, the heroes,the villains, the survivors or the deceased. My father served in Italy for 4 years during that time and never spoke of it. Being blinded in one eye from his truck being blown up was enough said. This was such a heartbreaking and eye opening story. A must read for all!!!
 What a wonderful depiction of a young man’s incredible journey in northern Italy- Milan during the last years of WWII. It describes the Catholic Church giving sanctuary to many Jews with beautiful detail of leading freedom hikes over the alps to Switzerland mountain and then contrasts the brutality and ironies of war. Truly an excellent read.
 Sometimes we have good surprises. This was one of mine. I really had very little interest in learning more about Italy's role in the Second World War. Within a few pages I was hooked, and could barely stop reading . The character development was sincere and placed me in touch with a world of horror...and life lived well. II cannot  read a story like this without feeling triumph in the human race. God built us well and certainly gave us the ability to choose. There is many a lesson to be learned from tragedy. It is all here.
 Excellent read. I highly, highly recommend it. I don't have the words to properly describe this powerful, tragic and moving novel or to give the author credit for 10+ years of work and research. Do yourself a favor and read it.
 I felt Pino out 007'd 007 in his spying escapades, so I'm not sure how much of the book was true and how much imagined. I enjoyed the read in spite of my feeling Pino may have exaggerated his part in events.
 I enjoyed this book immensely.  It was certainly thought provoking to read what life was like for people in Italy and the horrors they experienced during war time.
 This story holds your interest with action and suspense.  Events took place in Italy during WW2 which are rarely covered.
 I am in a panic!  Whatever will I read now that will match up to this incredible book.  Everything pales in comparison.<br/>I literally could not put this down - found myself making excuses to get away from regular chores to get into it again.  A really great buy.
 Anyone who wants a first person account of war will really get into this tale.This is how to really understand history and why people do what they do under duress.
 This is a wonderful tale. It is a story of the human spirit, of idealism, of action. The author did his homework in constructing a remarkable historical account. You will not be disappointed. Of the nearly 700 Kindle books I’ve read, this was my first audio book. It was the perfect introduction to audio.
 I am NOT a reader of history nor action nor adventure. In fact, I don't know how I ordered this book. Must have hit the wrong button?<br/><br/>In any case, the book is phenomenal. Couldn't put it down.  The other reviewers have said it all.  Just a phenomenal book about a phenomenal man.
 Set in Milan and northern Italy in WW2, this little known account of heroism, love, and suffering is far more than just another small chapter of the war.  This is the best book this avid reader has read in a long time.
 I read this book as part of my book club.  Now I recommend it to anyone as it is well written and it tells a good story.  Not only is it a good story but it is a true story of a part of history.  A story that the world should know.  Pino is a strong individual who unselfishly aided his fellow man.  A man to be much admired.  Thank you Pino.
 Wow, an excellent book!  I loved Pino Lella from the first page. The author made you feel like you really knew him. I love reading about WWII and especially about the tangential human relationships to the Holocaust. We sometimes wonder how such atrocities could have possibly happened; and then we realize that when broken into very small increments it would be hard for the human mind to grasp.  We would naturally try to make ourselves believe it could not possibly be "as it seems". Incredible book that made me think so hard it will be a long time before I forget Pino.
 Little known story of how World War II played out in Italy and some of the players provided a fresh look from a personal perspective. The author obviously was passionate about this piece of history and did a very admirable job researching the details. I enjoyed the book very much and highly recommend. War history buffs may especially like this book.
 I couldn’t put my phone down to stop reading what was going on in this book. Well written and descriptive. So sad to see what really happened back then.
 Such an amazing story about an amazing man.  Sullivan brings that terrible time to life.  A great historical fiction will motivate you to read more about what happened and this book certainly does that!
 I didn't realize that this was a true story until the end. It is an uplifting, down hearted, joyous, and heart breaking reality of war with honor, bravery, good works. But also shows the horror and evil in some humans on both sides of the conflict. For those who believe war should be avoided at all cost, it's a great read. And for many others.
 This was a very good story of a long forgotten WWII hero...as society evolves today, this is a great story of a life most of us did not experience. I ask myself, could I do the things, Pino did if life sent me on his path. I enjoyed the book, and would recommend for others to read.
 Very interesting, based on a real person's life in Italy during WW2. Fascinating detail and a very tight plot ! Found it to be a yarn that I almost couldn't put down and almost missed an appointment while reading it, it grabbed my attention tion so well. Choices made by a young man that affect his whole adult life. Fascinating and very well written.<br/>I will be reading more by Mr. Sullivan.
 Stunning portrayal of an Italian teenager caught in the deadly grip of war. Sullivan is a gifted writer who was destined to write this novel recounting the remarkable story of Pino Lello. Not since Unbroken has there been a story of such emotional magnitude. And to think this story might never been told!  Wow!  Such a great book!
 My father was one of the American soldiers who fought to liberate Italy, so this book had a special meaning for me. It's written in a completely engaging manner that superbly illustrates the incredible range of emotions and experiences that the victims of World War II in Italy lived through. Fantastic account of survival during one of humanity's worst episodes. Kudos to all involved in bringing this story to light. Very, very good read.
 Ive never cried reading a story but I teared up so many times throughout this novel. So beautifully written my heart continues to go out all the victims during this time &lt;3
 Wonderful book about the war and how people survived. It is amazing what this man did for others. Could not put it down!
 Based on a true story, this is a very interesting (and little known) account of Italian resistance during the final year of Germany's occupation of northern Italy during WWII.  Contains everything one would want in a good WWII novel.  This would make an epic movie in the hands of a good script-writer and director.
 Wonderful insight into Northern Italy and WWII that has not had a lot  publicilzed about it.  Served in southern Italy in WW2 and can verify his accuracy from what the natives told me.  A great story well told.  Very touching..  Everyone should read it.  Man's inhumanity to man!
 First this is not my normal genre. I would not have even thought to pick this up if not for joining a book club. For that I am thankful.<br/>What an amazing life and time to have lived through. I laughed and cried and sat in wonder while the book unfolded. I will forever be angry at General Leyers and wounded for Mario. A true work of art, well done.
 Story was interesting and thoughtful.  Forgotten heroes of the war and the lives they impacted are always interesting. The story of Pino's life during the war was amazing and the grief he carried with him was thought provoking.
 Hard to believe! The hidden stories of courage, perseverance, and love during a tragic time in history and the worst of mankind is nothing short of a miracle.  Thank you for you Pino Lella for a life well lived. PS if you like this read Ernest Wertheim’s story in  Chasing Spring.
 Such an interesting story and what Pino and his family and friends went through because of the war.  My heart ached for so many of them who suffered just because they were Jews!!  I highly recommend this true story told so well.
 Interesting story of a hero who helped Jews escape Nazi occupied Italy during WWII. Some tragic moments which reflect war time reality and revenge by partisans after the war. This work is best considered as "historical fiction" based on a story told to the author.  Please see following review for more detail on the origins of this account.
 Interesting perspective on the struggle of living day to day during war. There were a few times I thought the narrative dragged a little but it was a true story so I presume the author stayed true to the account.
 Reading this story was a delightful treat. The author's research and dedication to the storyline shine through. I sulked, strengthened, loved and cried with Pino throughout this book.
 Well written. Amazing true story of WWII.  Takes place in the often overlooked country of Italy.  Pino, the name character, tells his experiences with high ranking Nazi/Italian officials.  Definitely worth reading.
 I started reading this book simply because I wanted to read something about WW II and the synopsis looked good. I was definitely not disappointed. I would recommend it to anyone who likes historical novels. There is so much true history packed into the story plus a wonderful plot, well developed characters who you later find out are real people. I learned so much about the war, in fact I think I loved through it with Pino.
 Amazing well written story detailing the persecution of the Italian people during WWII- factual accounts of Jews escaping and the forced slavery of so many lives to support the work of Hitler.<br/>The first half is very detailed and begins to drag a bit.  The second half makes up for it. There are so many untold stories of the wars- very interesting!
 I read this book addictively for two days until I came to the end. Pino's story is moving, as heartbreaking as it is uplifting and inspirational. This book truly does his life story justice, and the level of meticulous detail that the author committed over a course of a decade of research is evident through every word on the pages. I don't often post reviews, but this book spoke to me, and I can only hope this helps guide someone else to experience the emotional, faithful life of Pino Lella.
 I love historical stories. This was a combination of Pino's memoir, the history of the war in Italy, and interesting characters who risked everything to fight the Nazis. I've never seen anything on the war in Italy. This fills in a lot of those gaps. I could not put the book down.
 This was an amazing story. I couldn't put it down. Heart wrenching, suspenseful, shocking. I love history and I've read several personal accounts of survivors of concentration camps and other ordinary people who fought to save innocent lives but I hadn't read much about Italy during the war. Some graphic violence and brief sexual references.
 I enjoyed this read very much. How lucky for us as readers that the author actually interviewed Pino for a first hand history of the war and all he did to help so many to safety.  I hated to see the story end.
 A wonderfully written account of youthful courage during the Nazi occupation of Italy. The extended story recounts the complex tragedy of living during wartime, with both incredible friendships and wrenching human loss.
 Such an amazing story! I couldn't out the book down. If you love WWII history then this is a must read.
 I enjoyed this book because it opened my eyes to some of the tragic circumstances that the Italians faced during World War II; I find it too easy to focus on the heartaches of the Jews, the English, and the French; while overlooking the mayhem that Hitler caused for the Italians...which is just a postscript of what the Japanese did to the British, the Chinese, and the Koreans!
 This may have been the best novel I have ever read!  I liked the way he described journeys through the Alps to Switzerland, which made me feel as if I was actually there.  I also very much liked his character development and descriptions. I had a hard time putting this down!
 I can’t remember the last book that moved my emotions so much. The life of a young man that saved lives and suffered alone for years. Read this book, your heart needs it
 This book needs to be made into a movie! What an astounding true story, with a look at what Italy endured during WWII...and the limits of human endurance.  Writing style is simplistic, but author brings these true heroes to life, and makes this piece of history come to life.
 I loved that this is a true story and hated that this is a true story. Everyone in this book is human and flawed. This is what makes it so beautiful. We all make choices that will decide which side our humanity takes. This book is a study of this truth.
 When he had nothing and no one at all, he always had his Faith.  Truly a great man to remember.<br/>This was a book I truly loved reading, except I usually had tears in my eyes.
 I loved this story.  I am a WWII fan but have not spent near enough time reading about the events in Italy.  This was a fascinating inside story and was so well told.  I am sure some of the needed editorial license made the dialog extra compelling.  Oh well, it was so worth it.  This book feels like one for readers of many interests.  It has it all, and it based on the life of a young hero.  Pretty cool.
 One of those stories that surprises and mystified me.  I hope when the movie is made they stay close to the book.  No need to try and sensationalize or take directors liberty.  Tell the story just as was written and it will be a blockbuster.
 I'm a big WWII and history buff and thought this sounded right up my alley but what you got was a not so great writing style and a story that sounded very suspect from the beginning.  Clearly the author took a massive amount of liberties with the story and dialogue and immediately finishing the book I went and did some research myself b/c I didn't buy the "hero" angle myself and apparently I wasn't the only one.  From what I've read I'm guessing Pino fit somewhere in between, hardly a spy though is what I can deduce, a part of the story I believe and research seems to back up was sensationalized.<br/>From an overall flow and readability standpoint, the book was average at best, slow in parts and long periods without much happening and the obligatory "I wanted to make him pay for all the bad things he'd done, he deserved to die...I hate him..." just to make sure you knew how disgusted Pino was every couple pages with the person he was driving and the Nazi's in general.
 This story is compelling and beautifully written.  Sullivan has a genuine gift for words and storytelling.  Although some of the scenes of war are horrifying, they are related in a very real and thoughtful manner.  Truly a work of art.  Some say the dialog was not very good.  I disagree given this story was set in a different time and place than the USA today.  Many of the conversations were spoken in two or more languages which always presents a translation challenge.
 History told with added pizazz.<br/><br/>A very well told story with the bits of history that a lot of us have lived through.<br/>Thoroughly enjoyed it and it was my prime first of the month book freebie.
 I loved this book.  From the first page of the Preface to the last line of the Aftermath, the author told a story of courage, sacrifice and hope through a time of almost indescribable horror.  I have read many books about WWII and have often wondered if I would have the courage to put my life on the line to save others.  Pino stepped up to the plate and did what had to be done.  You will not be able to put it down!
 Such amazing writing and history. Well worth reading. Keeps you wanting more. I highly recommend. I may read again now that I know the outcome.
 Absolutely my newest favorite book. Was so beautifully and captivatingly written. I had a hard time putting this one down and caught myself reading it in between seeing patients at work.<br/><br/>Loved the before and after details!
 Pino grips our hearts as we see ourselves in him. We have faith, we are shattered by that same faith, and we walk a lifetime wishing we can spend a day experiencing a long forgotten peace.  Thanks for bringing Pino to life.
 I never get bored of WWII books, but this was amazing given its origin and historical accuracy. Hopefully this book is read by many and reminds us of why we need to love our neighbor well regardless of their beliefs.
 An historical novel: This story proves that real life is often more interesting than fiction. It's a war story, a love story, and a lesson in a life well-lived despite periods of devastation.
 Will not finish book. Can not care about any of the characters. I’m spoiled by reading works by great writers.
 This was an excellent book very detailed and easy to read.  Mr. Sullivan is a very good author and I would read more of his books
 This story makes for a fascinating read. Add in that it is true and the story of Pino Lella, and the characters he interacted with in WWII Italy, becomes a mesmerizing tale of courage, loss and individual triumph.
 This book captivated me from the first page. The daring brothers Pino and Mimo changed from boys into brave men within a period of months. The love story between Pino and Anna was a small window of normalcy during a completely insane time. Imagine my surprise when I realized at the end that this was a true story of a boy who became an extraordinary man in extraordinary times!
 Very well written and exciting book based on fact and an individuals history as a young man at the end of World War Two in Italy.  Somewhat disappointed in the ending, which is based on the individuals actual history, but "that is life," as they say.  Well worth the time and energy to read.  Will keep you turning the pages to see what happens.  Also makes one wonder what they would have done when faced with a similar situation.
 It's difficult to say how much I enjoyed this book. As an historian, and reader of historical fiction, this story combines the best of both worlds. I feel like and eyewitness to all his adventures, trials, fear, and courage. Wonderful book about a real person who endured a coming of age in the most trying times imaginable.
 Hard to believe this is a novel, it is one of those books you don't want to put down once you start reading.
 I feel like i spent the whole book on pins and needles waiting for the other shoe to drop. It finally did. Twice. In the meantime, I learned a lot about the war in Italy.
 This is the third book  I have read recently about WW 2.  I cannot imagine the atrocities that people were living through.  This was very well written and I found myself waking up at night thinking about the lost lives and cruelty during those times.
 It only takes about 10 pages to get absorbed in the story. Great character development, and WWII made a good backdrop. I am a bit of binge reader when I am on vacation and I read this in 3 days. It was driven by just the right mix of plot and characterization and clear enough so I didn't need to reread any sections because of an over complicated cast of characters. The ending was a bit of a let down as it sort of trailed off but so does life.
 This book is based on fact during the Nazi occupation of Italy and involves a then young boy and his lot in the course of history. The story is written in a way as to allow the readers to visualize the Italian countryside and destruction in the cities. You cannot go wrong with this read. Strangely, I found no misspellings or typos normally found in a monthly free book.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a well written tale of WW2 espionage and the rescue of Italian Jews by the Catholic Church and the Italian resistance.  The main character is an almost unsung hero of the Italian resistance, Pino Lella, who in addition to helping Jews escape to Switzerland, became a spy as the driver for General Hans Leyer.  The story, while fictionalized, is based on actual historical events, particularly those concerning Hans Leyer, a commander in the Nazi engineering and construction group, Organization Todt.  Very little is known about Leyer other than that he claimed to have worked directly for Hitler instead of Albert Speer, the director of Organization Todt.  He seems to have had much more power and influence in Italy than would be expected of an Organization Todt commander.  Even though imprisoned for a time after the war, He escaped prosecution and continued to live as a shadowy and wealthy figure until his death in 1981. Mr. Sullivan's research concerning Leyer, Pino Lella and the Italian resistance seems to be both solid and extensive.  His general knowledge of WW2 history is not as solid.  Leyer's nephew could not have been killed while serving with the Seventh Panzer Division in North Africa as the division was never in Africa.  Other little details such as those concerning some equipment and the relationship between Organization Todt and combat troops is also a little off.  However it is an exciting and well written novel of heroism and faith in God.
 This is a good entertaining book that also gives the reader a good picture of what life was like in Italy during WWII.  I highly recommend the book.
 I can’t imagine the work that went into this book.  Although it was a tough read at times, I couldn’t put it down.  And, I didn’t know until the end, that although it’s a novel, it’s 90% facts and the characters are real.
 this was a good story that could have been told in much less words. it was too descriptive where summary would have done the job. i found myself skipping over large chunks of paragraphs until stuff statted
 Oftentimes I get into these Nazi stories and wonder why I read these depressing books. Every time I finish one, Im grateful that the author was born. This one is rich in life lessons, love and faith. They experienced so much pain and bravery I’m blessed to have heard their story.
 Nothing like truth and imagery to fill in the life of an ordinary young man in not so ordinary situations. Heroic acts are those which come of stress and forceful events and Demand of us more than we know.  This story actually points out that through much adversity strength happens.
 What I loved most about "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" was that it's true. Granted, it is categorized as a novel, but I am totally convinced. To imagine living through such an experience is beyond what I can comprehend. While all WWII stories are relevant, this one didn't focus on the concentration camp travesty, which I found interesting. I was fascinated to learn about another aspect of the Resistance.
 What a great account of a great man. I was intrigued upon reading the summary but it was much better than I thought it would be. Almost like the true life Forrest Gump in some respects. Pino Lella was the "Observer " of some fascinating history.  He led an interesting life. Highly recommended.
 What an heroic man and what an amazing life. What he has done during the war is enough for ten lifetimes. Kudos to Mark Sullivan for bringing his story out. It should have been done earlier, but better late than never. So much tragedy, loss, and triumph...<br/>I wish Pino Lella to live to at least 120! I also think that he fully deserves the title Righteous aming the Nations.
 I am still in awe with the protagonist's story. Its very hard to believe that it is a true story. But he has lived his life completely in the initial 18 years. I am not sure about the rest of his life. I would definitely recommend this book to people who are adventure junkies. This book has everything in it, an athlete's spirit, the purity of first love, the sacrifices, an unbearable pain of lost love and then we are left pondering if the job done by the protagonist was worthwhile or not.
 I did not anticipate this book would be as riveting as it was.<br/>I have read a great many books on the second World War but never a story set in Italy. This was so well written I will never forget Lello Pina. Very moving and full of sad reminders of all that was lost during this terrible war.
 The book intriguing about Pino's role in WWII .  One does not realize all the struggles people endure during war.  The story included deep emotions .  I liked the way author did summary what happened to the main characters in the book.  I could tell author did his research in writing book.
 I loved this book- it held my interest all the way thru the book and that is not something I take lightly. The book is such a great story about a young man and his trials thru the war.  I have to admire the author for his injuniety (spelling I am sure) and his surprises at times. Thank you for that
 This book is amazing giving insight into WWll Italy as well as post war Italy.  It started a little slow but I could not put it down after 30 pages. Great historical fiction.
 An epic story of one wildly courageous and lovable man in the last days of World War II in Italy.  Pino was but a boy facing situations brought on by war.  This is a story of danger, horror, bravery beyond imagination, faith and the bonds of true love.<br/>Fascinating to the very last word. This is a book I could read twice and probably will some day.
 Thank God Pino's story has been preserved. It is a story that those of us born after WW II need to read. Pino's story is beautifully told and gripped me with the delights, the tragedies, the horrors of the war. I wish I had read this book before I visited Italy. My ignorance overwhelms me.
 This may be one of the best books I have ever read.  Supposedly, it will become a movie soon -- I hope they do it justice.  I cried my eyes out reading this, not sure I could handle it in a theater.
 I actually just started reading this book.  It is very well written, fast moving and I don't want to put it down.  This is a book you will want to read and tell others to read it.  I started reading it last night and before I knew it it was 11:30 P.M.
 This was the most riveting book that I have ever read. The story of a teenage boy in war time Italy is incredible! I was a teenager during the forties. My family followed closely by radio and newspaper and newsreels the events happening during war time. I will never forget this story and praise the author for his story and his research!
 Such an amazing story!  Very powerful and moving. So grateful the author was diligent in discovering the outcome of the characters lives. Amazing!
 An excellent, well written story about the Nazi’s in Italy during World War II.  How fortunate for the author to have gotten a first hand account from the hero himself.  Truly one of the best hystorical fiction books I have ever read!
 I am a fan of true-life stories, and of WWII settings. Pino's incredible saga of bravery, danger and horrible losses reflects what happened to the Italian people in the last years of the war, when the Nazis took over. I predict this will become a movie - one that I will want to see.
 This was an amazing book that is one of my favorites this year!  Beautiful story of human emotion, struggles and overcoming unbelievable obstacles in the setting of WW2  Beautifully told and stirring; a page turner that I couldn't put down.  Thank you Mr. Sullivan for your journey and passion to finding the facts and sharing this story.
 Interesting story in spite of it's inflated reviews. Not worthy of the reputation it's gained here -- but since it's an Amazon published book, it appears to have risen in the ranks of popularity. The ranking is IMHO above what it deserves. Good book, but just that.
 So many stories are told of WWII. This story was so interesting because it is set in Italy and a real persons life.  It's a story of survival, pain, loss and how one goes on.  We don't often hear of the things that happened to Italians.
 Incredible research into the Italian experience of WWII. It is a fasinating story of one man and his family, in addition to a Nazi general who got away with Nazi atrocities.
 When I first began to read this book, I was not prepared for the whiplash of emotion. I spent several late nights reading, laughing and crying. A must read for WWII history buffs.
 I usually skim through a lot when I read. This book was so interesting, that I didn't have to skim. It is really incredible that this is a true story. I cried a few times because of what the characters went through. It is a part of history that should be told so that it is never repeated.
 Interesting read on the part Italy played in the war.  And also the catholics.  I enjoyed it and found the story of the main character, Pino, very interesting and worth following.
 Historical learning experience for me, as I wasn't aware of the Italian intervention in helping the Jews escape from Italy to Switzerland.  Such a terrible time, but the author did a great job bringing the characters to life and really giving you an idea of how they coped and manipulated the Nazi's.  I thought it was a great read.
 What interested me in this book was my dad fought in WW2 and was stationed in Italy. Having served thirty some missions and surviving like Pino and never really talking too much about it, it makes me wonder what he saw and how he survived it. I wouldn't be here if he didnt...so I'm very thankful for my family and my dad's military service to the Army Airforce!
 This book was phenomenal. I enjoy books written about WWII and this is of no exception. I went into the novel with high hopes and it did not disappoint. I was unfamiliar with much of Italy's involvement during this time and was craving to know more after finishing. Highly recommend!
 A marvelous that I could not "put down". I began listening to it on a road trip and on returning home I spent every spare minute returning to it! At first I was a bit wary of the content--I have a hard time revisiting WWII-Hitler and Holocaust era, but the author did a beautiful, balanced job of sharing with us this true story. I highly recommend this book!
 I'm a huge fan of WWII history, both in Europe &amp; in the Pacific  This book did'nt disappoint. I was captivated from the beginning to the end &amp; felt like was there  My grandparents immigrated from Italy. I have been there 3 times &amp; have visited many of the places mentioned in the story so i could totally relate. Well done!
 Sad but interesting and informative story about the war. It just makes you want to keep reading to see what happens next. Very good book
 Wow, what an amazing true story! It was captivating from the beginning and I can't think of anything negative to say about it. The writing was top notch and the length was just perfect. I'll definitely read more from this author.
 I thought I knew the background of WWII in Italy -- some of my relatives lived through it --<br/>I did not know how the Italians were able to protect those being hunted by the Nazis<br/>I did visit Italy years ago and when I asked where they hid the Allied fliers who were shot down, I was told they couldn't reveal where they were hidden in case they would be needed again.<br/>What I didn't know was how protective the Italians were of those who were being persecuted.<br/>A wonderful story, even though I think it somewhat contrived.
 This has to be one of the best books I've read in years.  It is such an easy read that any fan of WW2 era history could sit down with this and enjoy it.<br/> Additionally, the pacing of the story is brilliant and makes it easily consumable in just a few short sittings.  I was on the edge of my chair the entire time.  A must-read.
 Pino certainly experienced the highest high and the lowest low.  I felt his emotions pour out as I continued to turn the pages .  One of the best books I've ever read and you will not want to put it down.  Fantastic job Mark Sullivan !
 Milan ltaly<br/>The bad part first to much filler .<br/>Was a very good book enjoyed it very  and would recommend it . Going to get a map and look up the places on the map.lt was a sad one but one should read thank you maybe a funny next .l read it is called ELISABETH  IS MISSING  TRY IT SOME TIME<br/>THANKS AGAIN
 This was a fantastic read putting you right in the middle of Italy during World War 2. The writer made you feel the pain Pino suffered. I highly recommend it!
 It was well done! Very emotional! I can't help but wonder how they lived with themselves after all that they did. How did and do people live with the horror of war. Pino, his family and others like them are heroes! Thank you for writing this amazing true story.
 Action, determination, suspense, and, yes, thrills. The setting is Nazi-controlled northern Italy but the story is one young man's growth, determination, and action to fight against Nazi occupation. A love story rounds out the action. The mountaineering passages are intense.<br/>A great read.
 Always interesting to read something that enlightens us a little more about the history of the world. Very sad in portions of the book. Makes you realize how one event can change a person's life forever!  I would certainly recommend this book!
 Great story; just some weak writing, more editing errors. Otherwise, very entertaining and interesting. Nice treatment of World War II events.
 The story, which is largely true, is incredibly compelling, and the amount of research impressive.  I enjoyed reading it.  However, I would say that the writing, itself, while competent, is not particularly beautiful or evocative (the story is evocative but not the writing).
 This is a beautifully written page turner about the true story of a young Italian man and his unlikely heroism during the Nazi occupation of Italy.  He saves Italian Jews, spies for the Allies, and finds true love. Also, this is a part of the war we don’t often hear about. Highly recommend this book!
 Unbelievable story!  Wonderful but intense read.  I cannot believe what this man went through! Makes me want to visit Milan.  I would definitely recommend this book!
 Well-written, focused, and highly informative novel.  I never knew the impact the Nazis had on Milan and Northern Italy--it was a horrific time.  Sullivan tells a sad story through the young eyes of Pino Lella and his first-hand experience during WWII.  I recommend this novel to anyone who wants to be more knowledgeable about the fate of Italians in WWII or Mussolini's impact on the people of Italy or WWII in general.
 another story about WWII this book was put in front of me.<br/><br/>Such amazing detail, beautifully written.  I’m really glad I downloaded it and started reading.<br/><br/>As hard and tormenting it must have been for Pino to relive, I’m so glad to have been able to have read his story.
 What an inspirational book- the evilness of Nazi Germany and the goodness of individuals. Some events in life are life changing and are burned into our memories. I could not put this book down.
 I read this book after asking my librarian for a historical fiction book set in WW II. I put a hold on it as it was checked out at the time. I didn't ever get notice that it was available and I forgot about it. On a trip, I caught a cold and turned to Amazon for a book and Beneath a Scarlet Sky showed up...with a discounted price! I finished it in 4 days! It is an easy read and a real page turner. I would recommend it to all.
 I enjoyed this book for a number of reasons. It's well written.  It is based on a series of remarkable events during WWII, in one of the lesser known segments of the war. The characters are multi-faceted, often flawed and conflicted.  The descriptions of events and places are vividly described.  The biographies at the end are fascinating.
 This story draws you in right from the start.  There are things I learned about world war two I had never known.<br/><br/>Pino Lella's bravery and determination to do his part exemplifies so many others who did the same, but he went above and beyond.<br/><br/>There is danger, intrigue, romance, everything you could possibly want to read about.  The author did a great job of researching and bringing the story to life.<br/><br/>I strongly recommend this book, and hope they're able to make a movie out of it.
 This is a true story that needed to be told. The setting is in Italy toward the end of the WW11. The story revolves around an Italian man who was thrust into the role of hero. The story is complicated because the Nazis were not the only ones to be feared. It's a great story!
 This is based on a true story from Italian that survived Nazi occupation. It is part truth and part added action. I was constantly wondering which parts were which. But, I did enjoy the book.
 This is one of the very best historical novels I have read. I find it amazing that there are still so many untold stories of World War II. I had not read much about the war in Italy before this and was captivated by his detail and the capture of emotion. The reality of war was painted without making me want to run from the story.
 Llena de momentos de emoción pero sobre todo mostrando el lado humano y retratando de alguna manera el sufrimiento de las personas durante la guerra pero también la adrenalina que puede producir ser parte activa de un evento histórico que marcó el siglo pasado.
 Such an incredible story and to think it's all true. I have so much respect for that generation and what everyone went through. This was an absolute emotional roller coaster that I think everyone should jump on. Tremendous bravery and courage in the absolute worst
 This is an inspirational story about a young Italian boy and who delivered refugees during WWII across the alps during very difficult conditions close to the border into Switzerland and then put his life on the line further by becoming a driver for a Nazi commander.  I recommend this book highly for this story took courage daily under extremely difficult circumstance.
 I happened upon it while perusing amazon.  Enjoy everything WWII...recently read a book about how unpleasant the soldiers were when they arrived in Europe and was happy to read another perspective.  It gave this old spinster a new point of view on finding happiness...just be grateful for each day's opportunities and lessons.  I only put the book down because I still had a quarter of the book left by 3am.  Woke up at 10, got my coffee and some cheescake, then finished the rest!
 From the first page to the last I was caught up with the emotional rollercoaster of a fantastic story of courage, pathos, tragedy, and heartbreak.  This is an important glimpse of Italy under German occupation as revealed by the courage of one who so bravely fought them in the shadowy world of dangerous secrecy.
 wonderful backstory of World War II in Italy. Gives you a real sense of insight into what it was and what happened. It is an awful story that needs to be told and remembered over and over by all, especially of those who aspire to lead countries and the world.
 The book was interesting to me as I have an interest in WWII understanding. My father was a survivor of the Bulge, but never conveyed any information. This book provided some insight into a young man and family and how they survived.  The sorrow never left my father just as it never left our hero of the story.
 I enjoyed this book. I am always curious about WWII as it was my parents war and while not talked about, it was part of our life.  The Italian story is largely forgotten and tragic.  The author states that this is a story and not historical fiction but there is much in the the story that is factual.  Makes me want to learn more ....
 While I found this book very interesting and at times thrilling, I felt as if an awful lot of situations befell this young man in a short amount of time.  I was thinking how could someone be so lucky??
 Hard to imagine these events are so recent. Hard to put down this well told and researched novel. Very rewarding and challenging.
 Captivating, full of intrigue and heart pounding moments, carries the reader through a  gripping, unforgettable journey  of a young Italian man during WWII.  It's a must read. You won't want to put it down!
 It was an eye opening novel based on true events that took place in Italy during WWII. Most everything you read is centered in Germany and near by countries.  However, like all novels written about this time in history, it brings a heaviness to your heart to know that people can treat each other in such a horrendous fashion.  Thank goodness for the true heroes in the book.
 When I first started this book, I wasn't sure if I was going to like it.  But knowing it was a true story I kept going.  And then I couldn't put it down.  So much history about Italy during World War II that I did not know. He was an amazing young man
 I loved this book from the start! At times I had to put it down ad walk away due to my emotions over the tragedy of events. It was so well written I felt I was there with the characters. The fact that it is based on true events makes it even more tragic. There are moments of laughter also.
 What an amazing book.  This story will stay with you long after you put the book down.  Such bravery and faith in such young men. Pino did so much good for so many because it was the right thing to do. What an honor to read his story.
 I could not put it down!  Knew nothing of this part of World War II history in Italy.  Well written, the story was gripping and to know it is true added alot.  I have recommended this book to anyone who will listen to me.  GREAT BOOK
 Enjoyed this book and learning of this story.  Pino was certainly a brave man! I thought that it was a fast read and I would recommend this book.
 This book has a great material to work with and a great story to tell, but fail to deliver a high level of enjoyment to read. It feels like a text book trying to be a novel and the chrachter build is on the naive side. The dialog among the characters is pedestrian at best and definitely not a page flipper. I stoped in the middle of the book because I felt it was not up to my reading standards.
 I was blown away by Mr Sullivan's writing. He did an impeccable job of making the reader feel they were right there with Pino. The reader feels a full range of emotions and experiences the highs and the lows of this unbelievable but true story. And above all this story has an important life lesson. Although shaken by the horrors that happened during World War II, I am very glad that I read this book.
 I  could not put this book down. I have read many books of this time period, most of them taking place in Germany, but also The Netherlands. I was happy to find one that took place in Italy. Once again I am awed by the author's tremendous amount of research to assure accuracy. I am also again amazed at the horror experienced by those who lived this, in this time and place. Not only the terrible years they suffered through but the heroic things they did to survive. I will never forget this book.
 One of the best books I have read in a long time!  Because it is a real story of the war,  it brings a picture of a family in Italy and the risks taken.  loved the post book commentary which tells what really happened to some of the persons involved.  Could not put it down.
 Read the preface to this book before you decide whether to read it or not.  While this story is a work of fiction, it is derived from historical accounts of the lead character and other who could be interviewed.  Unless you were there I don't think you can tell where fact end and fiction begins.  While the start feels a bit slow (for my tastes) it does set the stage well for whats to come.  I would say this is one of the best books I have ever read.
 Definately read this book if you enjoy a true life WW2 tale. In the final years of this war, set in Milan Italy. A young man comes of age while doing truly heroic things, but knowing that no one can be told of his role.<br/>I want to know more about the powerful Nazi General Leyers, who answered directly to Hitler. At this time, he is not even mentioned on Wikipedia. Wow.
 The book was written to engage you from beginning to end.  The inter-twining of the characters was very well done.  The knowledge of the area showed a lot of dedication to detail.  The story really moved from the first page to the last.  What an amazing story.
 Really enjoyed the Audible version of the book for a long car trip we took. My 13 year old was also listening and enjoying the story.
 Amazing!  I would love to meet Pino and hear his stories in person.  I wish that there were more stories from the real unsung hero's that tried to stop the Nazi atrocities.  It's hard to believe that one boy could make such a huge difference.
 This story of a young man who risked so much to help the Italian Jews &amp; then partisans was awe-inspiring. Not much is written about Italy &amp; WWII from a personal viewpoint,but this book opened that door. Well written &amp; fascinating!
 Beautifully written, absolutely gripping. I was afraid I might get bored or depressed reading a book about WWII. But Pino is a hero on the pages and off. I could read several more books about him if written by Mark Sullivan. Adventure, romance, tragedy, comedy, history. I loved this book.
 Captivating!<br/>I really liked this wonderful story, not because it's true, but because it's wonderful! Wow.<br/>Italy really is the forgotten war and the information herein helps the interested learn more of what it was like.<br/>The author deserves more than just credit for the effort it took to tell this story.
 Great read!  A novel that stays with you after you’re finished.<br/><br/>Update- one of the best books I’ve ever read. Still thinking about it months later.
 The writing puts you inside the stories with the accuracy of geography and the depth of characters. It's especially moving to be reading about real people during a real time, knowing all the research the Sullivan did to put this together. I loved the read and didn't want to put it down.
 I started reading the story of Pino Lella  because it was chosen by our book club. I finished reading it because I couldn't put it down. It is doubtless one of the most gripping and emotional books I have ever read. Having no idea of Italy's role in WW II I expected just another war story. Instead I was engulfed  in the amazing life of an outstanding Italian teenager who served his country by spying on the enemy.
 Author Mark Sullivan's writing is so good that it puts you as the reader directly into the action surrounding Pino Lella. There are very few lulls as he describes how the young Pino wages his own deft struggle against the fascists &amp; Nazis in Italy. Aside from the thrilling truth-based narrative from start to finish, Pino's experiences reveal and ask us profound questions about some of life's most important topics, including love, faith, and courage. Terrific true story about an unsung hero from WW2.
 An amazing true narrative about the trial sofa 17 year old living through the worst world war,.  An amazing tribute to a brave, courageous, and honorable man who gave of himself for the good of others, who had his faith and love challenged but always remained an honorable and courageous man.  Excellent read.
 Mark Sullivan does a great job of telling a heroic story.  I could hardly put it down.  The brutality of war is strikingly told.  Yet the triumph of faith in God and the indomitable human spirit is clearly demonstrated.  Also the story of a great love can't be forgotten.  We can all benefit from Peno's story.
 It was a good read.  Some of the passages were a bit repetitive but I understand the author was making an effort to recall all the facts.  My favorite books are historical accounts and historical fiction so this one was right up my alley.
 What Mr. Sullivan explains is a novel because of all the embellishments and creative license he took in telling the story of Pino Lella, is really a relatively true and accurate account an Italian adolescent swept into the fight to save Jews and other refugees from the Nazis and then to become a spy for the Italian resistance and the Allies.<br/><br/>Not a work of literature but more an historical narrative, Beneath a Scarlet Sky thoroughly holds your interest and exposes many of the horrors that took place in Italy in World War II.
 Consider the life of a 17 year-old Italian boy, a life still not yet lived.  WWII breaks out and he is sent to safety in the near-by Alps not days after meeting the love of his life.  Through events that seem to be driven by forces beyond his control, he is involved in life-altering circumstances that prove both enthralling and life-threatening, yet, entwined with poignant events that keep you reading.  This is the story of a hero who gave so much of himself that it left me grieving for his loss of innocence.
 This is a very exciting historical novel set in WW2 in Northern Italy.  Woven throughout the facts are beautifully described details of Milan, the Alps, and the dangers encountered in shepherding the Jewish residents to safety across the Alps as well as the courage shown by this young man throughout the book.
 This novel was an amazing undertaking by Mark Sullivan, and he's relayed Pino's story beautifully! This is an incredible read and it's one I won't forget anytime soon! Pino Lella has an extraordinary story and I'm so glad it's finally been shared with the world. I've thoroughly enjoyed it and highly recommend it!!
 This is an amazing story that pulls you in from page 1. A must read. Gives a completely different view on World War II and how it affected so many non Jews.
 Mark Sullivan takes the reader to a time and place in history that is seldom, if ever, written about. It is a novel based on first-hand facts from someone who lived in and through worn torn Itsly amd its Nazi occupation. It is a touching story of loyalty, the human spirit to survive, and love. Wonderful story that touched my heart.
 Couldn't put it down! Great writing, engrossing story and a true page turner. I found myself shocked often by the atrocities that occurred in Italy during WWII.  There were so many brave (and quiet) heroes. It's wonderful to read, at last, about their acts of courage. Kudos to Mark Sullivan.
 Good book - new perspective on events in Italy during WWII.  At times, it got a little draggy - and the main character had traits that made me want to poke him and say "Move on!!!"  However, I realize that it is based on an actual person whom the author tried to bring to life - warts and all. Learned some history from reading it - always a good thing to take away.
 This is by far the best book on WWII I have ever read. I could hardly put it down and wanted it to continue. Thank you Mark for writing this book!
 I couldn't put this book down. The audible narration brought more life to Peno's story and took me on an emotional roller coaster. This book moved me the way epic stories generally touch our souls and the story is one I'll be digesting in my thoughts for quite some time. It's easily one of my best reads this year.
 I continually had to remind myself that this was a real human being - not a super hero.  One young man experienced all this in a brief few years, and was able to grow up and go on.  I had to think what I would do in similar circumstances - probably turn into a murderous psycho.  An amazing story.
 Loved that the book was historically accurate about the Nazi's presence in Italy during WWII.  The author interviewed the main character in the story, who before now, never told his story.  Very suspenseful and makes you feel appreciation for our lives today.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel was based on a lot of factual information gained in interviews from the "hero"  told from his experiences and memories of what he did and participated in as a teenage boy in Italy during WWII.  I really enjoyed the book;  it was difficult to put down.  Truly showed what one will do to survive by fighting for what you believe in and the sacrifices made for family and friends to protect them.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I lined how it's based on a true story but took the fiction route so that it's a good read. The characters were week developed and interesting. I also liked how it is well researched.
 A truly remarkable story that I am thankful has been brought to light. I felt the crushing anguish that Pino must have felt as the war ended and so many lives were needlessly lost. I felt the sense of despair he must felt and the loss of faith. You will too.<br/><br/>This story, despite the seemingly unjust ending, is a celebration of the human spirit to survive and help those in need.
 The book Beneath a Scarlet Sky was  very good.  It told me the story of Pino,  who I knew nothing about,  who was courageous and instrumental at the end of WW II in so many people's lives.  I knew little about the end of the war in Italy.  His courage and resilience were uplifting.  Thank you Mark Sullivan for researching and writing this book.
 Very interesting story.  The writing was prosaic.  I enjoyed looking up the places mentioned on google maps so that I could have a visual understanding of what was happening.
 Wonderfully vivid description of Italy during the 2nd World War. The characters were engaging and you got lost in their story. A reminder why we must work to not have another war.
 Many needless details in this story that become tedious. Read all 500+ pages; the "afterwards" portion would have told me the  whole story in 25 or so pages and was more interesting and punchy. Disappointing but truth often is tedious and disappointing.
 This is a book everyone should read.  I could not put it down. This book  has taught me so much, not just about the war in Italy, but about family, love, humility and faith. Thank you Pino for teaching me so much.
 A wonderful book about a young man who performed heroic acts during the closing days of WWII.  This book tells us about a part of the war that is little known; when the Nazis took over northern Italy to delay the Allied troops who were closing in from the south of Italy.  Thanks to Mr. Sullivan for researching and writing about an ordinary man who rose to the occasion when circumstances demanded it.
 It is hard to believe this is a true story.  So much had happened to Pino and his friends and family.  The war was such an entangled saga with so many factions fighting .  Certainly an entertaining book.  I wish the kindle edition had photos.  I did go on line to find some.
 I've told everyone I know to buy this book.  It's a story you won't want to put down.  On vacation, I raced to the beach because I couldn't wait to see what was happening in Pino's life.  A must read!
 La verdad es que al principio del libro, hasta el 15% aprox, estuve varias veces a punto de dejarlo por aburrido. Después la lectura se hizo más interesante y la historia me engancho. El 15% final, otra pesadez, no terminaba más con descripciones inútiles. Un libro q puedo ser mucho mejor de lo que fue....por lo menos para mi.
 A riveting true story of a young, little-recognized resistance hero in Italy during WWII and the many shop keepers, clergy, and various towns people who risked their lives against the Nazi regime.  It is also a sensitive account of a teenage boy being forced into adulthood.
 A good historical representation of the Resistance movement in Italy.  Not too much out there on what went on in that country, so this was good to finally read something about it.  As always, shocking in the sense of the murder/ugliness of that period in history.  Let us not forget..........
 Fascinating story ! A nonstop read. Highly recommend  this book to anyone interested in the WWII era or tales of courage and bravery.
 Set in WWII, Sullivan captures the real-life story of a young Italian teenager forced to grow up incredibly quickly to serve his family, country, and Jews in a most unique fashion. The first third of the book or so engages the reader very well in getting to know the characters, and almost serves as a prequel to the remainder of the story because the plot is so disparate from the second two-thirds of the book. It never ceases to be a page-turner. At just over 500 pages, you'll finish and wonder where the time went.
 As a history buff, I know very little about WWII and Italy.....this book helped to explain why so little is upfront......war is hell......least we forget the amazing people who saved us during this horrific time and place.....read and be amazed at the strength of a few and of their great losses of the time......
 Discussed the war like I've never heard it before.  Never understood it to be this brutal and inbred, family fighting family and etc,
 This story reminds us that there are so many stories that go untold or stay in the dark for years or perhaps are never told.  My uncle fought in Ww2 and never really told his story, going to the grave with it.  I appreciate any glimpse i can get into the lives of those who are part of the interwoven picture of incredible periods of history like Ww2. Highly recommend!
 My husband &amp; I took turns reading aloud every night after dinner &amp; time got away from us because we had to see what happened next.  Realizing the main character was only17-18 y.o. &amp; a true story, made the drama more alive for us.  Definitely glad we read it &amp; the follow up of the characters at the end was very interesting too.  Highly recommend this book.
 While noted as historical fiction, I felt the realities faced by the main character and learned to appreciate more about a significant time in history.  Loved the realities and breadth of emotion described.
 I read many books about World War II and this one is fabulous. I usually read a lot about books before I start them, but for some reason I only knew that this one was getting great reviews and was set in World War II Italy.  So you can imagine my surprise when I reached the end and discovered it was a true story! Loved this book and hope to get my book club to read.
 As an avid reader, this book is the most amazing biography of a young Italian boy caught up in the middle of WWII .  He faces very dangerous challenges to help Jews escape  as well as many other things to assist his people survive, the Nazi occupation.<br/>He over comes all obstacles and survives to tell about it almost 75 years later.<br/>It is definitely a must read.
 Following Pino's life before and during WWII was fascinating and harrowing and wrapped up in a Milanese family's honesty and heartache.  Regardless of a reader's penchant for action, sex, history, or WWII's Nazi and Italian Socialism's extremes he or she will be totally satisfied.
 Great to read WW2 tale from an Italian perspective; their involvement complicated by their own strong fascist movement. Take your word that this is a true story; if told as fiction would be considered too hard to believe. Thoroughly enjoyed the tale, Pino's journey.
 Loved that this book is based on real people and how the Nazi occupation of Milan affected their lives.  Mr. Sullivan did an excellent job of developing his characters.  He did his research and interviewed survivors . Because of his diligence this novel stands out as one of the best WWII books I've read.
 As a baby boomer, born in 1946 and having had both parents in the RAF (where they met), I thought I knew quite a lot about WW2, but I had absolutely no idea of the horrors and hardships that Italy went through during the war. Mark Sullivan's brilliant book was not only a great story - based on many truths with only dialogue having to be recreated - but a devastating insight into this forgotten area of European history of the time. If you only read one book a year, this has to be it. Congratulations Mark, your book will stay with me for many years.
 Well written &amp; powerful account of the atrocities that a young boy pushed by circumstance became a man but still kept a tender heart &amp; a self critical conscience both towards himself &amp; those around him. Easy read &amp; looks like well researched with a very surprised ending
 I love a historical novel based on actual events &amp; this is a terrific one, telling of some little-known, at least to most Americans, events in late World War Two. What an amazing coming-of-age tale of an even more amazing family.
 I literally had so many emotions throughout this novel. It’s been a long time since I’ve read a book that has fully captured my attention and made me feel as if I was right there with the characters. It’s such a powerful story and to be based on the true events of someone’s life is incredible.
 It has been said that truth is stranger than fiction. Having read this work, I can say that no more incredible tale might have been concocted by the most creative writer. While a fictionalized account, the bones of this tale are from the actual life of the hero, and it is a gripping, heartbreaking saga. I'm not one to read a book quickly. However, I found this book difficult to put down. Highly recommended for both historicity and drama.
 Historical novel,. Eye opening and interesting. Accurate historical facts as well as entertaining.  I really don't like writing reviews. People have a different take on writing. I tg<br/>Houghton this was well written and the story intriquing.
 I liked reading about the people of Italy during Word War 11.  It gave me a look st ordinary people who disliked Mussolini
 Overall, a story well told. This is a true story that takes place in 1944-45 in Italy during the Nazi occupation. The author performed meticulous research but he is also careful to explain he's filled in some gaps with fictional pieces - but they do nothing to take away from a terrific narrative about a heroic young Italian boy named Pino. I highly recommend this book.
 No book has ever brought so many emotions.  I could not stop reading this amazing story.  Thank you, Mark Sullivan,for bringing this book to us.  I wish you all the best.
 Very well written. Descriptions of Italy and the Alps breathtaking. The adventures of this young man keep the reader rapt. I highly recommend this book.
 With all the books about WWII, this is the first I've read that deals with the situation in Italy. It is particularly of interest because although it is historical fiction the main character is real and still alive. It raises so many questions about human nature that it is hard to reign in the discussions during book clubs. The style is very journalistic as to creative writing. A thoroughly engaging read.
 A very good read. Enjoyed the life story of Pino and his family. Gives a well documented time line of German influence and later retreat in the latter days of the second world war.
 It was engaging and exciting.  It was hard to put down.  The author had a style that painted a good picture in my mind's eye and made me feel like I could see exactly what he saw.  I was right there going through the struggles with the lead character, Pino.  Loved it!
 Loved this book. It would make a great movie. I haven’t read much about Italy and all the events during World War II. I would definitely recommend this book.
 A unique lens into the heart of WW II from the eyes of a young Italian. I felt the intensity every day I picked up this book, and found myself crying for the characters as much as feeling their suspense.  The author got me inside their heads, particulate young Pino from whose eyes so much of this book is seen. Wonderful.
 Excellent, like-new copy.  The book looks to be quite a great read ....... based on a tale the author heard about and than spent time with the protagonist to really learn his story.  Followed by considerable research, we can feel confident it is authentic, while all the while enjoying characters convincingly brought to life.
 I truly loved this story of a young kid and his devotion to his amazing family and community, and yet a testimony of how once- devoted people can change on a dime to your worst enemies  because of the assumptions that they make.  And yet we are all immeasurably linked together in our fates.  It was a bit simple for my taste the way the author wrote the book, his descriptions, simple language, etc, but I suppose it could be called the right tone for these characters who were simple folk living in a very complicated time with life threatening, world involving, daily challenges.
 The writing style is slightly  simplistic, but the story is compelling. I guess an author could make up something like this, but knowing it has factual basis leaves a powerful impression. We who have not had the intimate experience of war as told in this book can better appreciate how fortunate we are, and how terrible war can be.
 This is by far the best book I've read in a long time. I can't wait to see the movie production. I highly recommend this book.
 Before reading this novel I knew very little about the Italian experience in WWII. Through the eyes of an important but unknown player in that terrible struggle this novel defines that conflict on a very personal level finding brief moments of happiness within an otherwise horrendous experience. I learned much about the dangers of fascism and the chaos that arises within a nation divided against itself while under the thumb of a merciless foreign oppressor. This novel delivers all that in a package that pulls the reader in and doesn't let go until the war is over and life begins again.
 The dialogue between characters was very basic and extremely tedious to read it in the beginning of the book. The flow improved as I progressed through the book. It may have been the writer's way of depicting the coming-of-age of Pino,but I agree with many other readers that it was almost as if it was written by a highschooler. I am looking forward to the movie. The story is incredible; perhaps it is even unbelievable at times.
 I thought I had read a lot about World War II, but I missed Italy. Having been to southern Italy told me nothing. I am ready to go to Milan, and learn about the unknown heroes. I would recommend this book for middle schoolers.
 A good story about a horrible time in history. You don't hear much about what happened in Italy during WWII. The world should know about the sacrifices made by ordinary citizens.
 What a great, multi-demission book. I fell in love with the main character, Pino. It's a love story, war story, action-packed thriller, heart-wrenching and more. I really didn't want it to end. AND, even tho characterized as a novel, it's a true story.
 What can I say - this was an excellent "true story" that made clear how confusing and difficult life must have been in Italy during WWII.  Partisan, Nazi, Fascists elements to contend with along with Allied bombs and troops.  Must have been terrible for everyone - and out of all of this come heroes.
 Learned a lot about the Italian resistance during World War II. Main character was incredibly brave and very human. The fact that it<br/>is a true story makes it even more amazing.  Breaks your heart with all of the sorrow, but restores your faith in human nature.
 As exciting a story as the Assisi Underground another true story of heroic Italians. I had the pleasure of meeting and talking with these extraordinary individuals and I will never forget them. Sullivan's well written book not only brought back all those memories but added new ones. Mark if you ever want to talk we could have quite the conversation
 What I like is that it takes you back to that dark time in history and live it. You can the pain and suffering that Pino felt as your own. I've always been a world War II history buff and this gives a unique perspective to that time in history. Highly recommended!
 This book kept me interested and always wondering what would happen next.  There were a lot of surprises and readers cannot predict what is coming.  It will appeal to people that enjoy history and suspense.  He mystery of what happened to the villain was not revealed until the end.  I enjoyed it and will recommend it to others.
 This is history at its finest telling, of a hero and heroes who remained so in the midst of forces no human should ever have to confront. Not an easy read, but not easy to put down, either.
 Telling the story of true bravery. War seems  to have been very personal and each experience very different, before tv and the 24 hour news cycle. It's a shame that too many life stories die with those who could tell them.
 I have read many WW II books but none that were true stories. No one could have created this book. It was astonishing to read first hand stories of some of the atrocities of that war. It was heartbreaking and truly amazing.
 When I first read Unbroken I couldn't believe what an incredible life this person lived and that it was almost too crazy to believe. This story tops it and not only that, paints an even more vivid picture of the tyranny of the Nazi's and Fascists in WWII. It was such a gripping story that I could hardly put the book down and have been raving about it to all my friends.
 This is a great read. Didn’t know that much about Italy during the Hitler days.  Read this for my book club and we all recommend it!
 I was surprised to learn that this is a true story about real people. I enjoy reading WW2 books. This story takes place in Milan which I found very interesting and recounted the war from a different angle.<br/>I recommend this book, especially if you have ever visited Milan.
 A gripping and engaging novel. It covers events from a period of the second world war not much discussed. The capitulation of Italy was followed by genuine occupation of northern Italy by German troops. The events that followed are vividly portrayed through the activities of a sympathetic young man whose heroism and romanticism are challenged by utmost tragedies, personal and social. His ultimate success in overcoming them is not done without personal changes that change his life forever.
 Excellent story and so well done. I felt like I was there, living the events with Pino and cheering him on, crying with him over his losses. A lesser person would surely fold under all the pressure and loss of loved ones. This is one of those stories you just wish would keep going on.<br/>Thank you for a wonderful read and a look into the life of Pino! Well done!!!
 Never expected to become so engrossed in a war story.  But this store captures you before you know it.  You are climbing the alps and holding your breath with Pino.  I could not put this one down.  Great read
 I rarely rate books but this one deserves a 5 star rating.  The story is captivating, a true page turner, and if it weren't true it would be unbelievable. I'm still thinking about the story a week after finishing the book which to me is the mark of an excellent story.
 This historic story about the lives, pain and courage of the people who lived through the war and the extreme effort they needed to persevere through those times was hard to put down.  Further, the inequity of life was heartbreaking and inexplicable.
 The book was well written.  I felt like I was there inside the story.  I couldn't put the book down.  I read it in three days.  I want to know more about the story in the current time.<br/>I will be getting another book from this author ASAP.
 To be so young and courageous, it is incomprehensible. Peno and his brother a Mimo defied death and helped others during turbulent, dangerous times. I enjoyed this book overall and I most enjoyed getting to see what happens to the main characters afterward.
 This was a very good book. I pretty much read it straight through and the end is very exciting when Pino takes Gen Leyers up the Brenner Pass. I wish questions had been answered, but it seems the answers are not anywhere available!
 This was a fascinating biography about a flawed hero. I was so glad that the epilogue included more information about his life and the other characters in the book, after the war.
 True story of a teenage boy in Milan, Italy who works as the driver for a high ranking German officer during WW2 &amp; becomes a spy for Italy &amp; the Allies. Full of passion, adventure, heartbreak &amp; history.  This is the amazing story of an amazing person.
 I really enjoyed this novel.  The true accounts of Pino's life during WW2 were spellbinding.  You could almost see the mountains and valleys in Italy where he lived during this terrible time in history.  Pino was a true hero.
 I am not completely done with the book but I really, really like it. It is compelling and this author really knows how to tell a story. I like that he can take a work of history and make it a "I don't want to out it down" book.
 Nazi Germany's role in Italy is little known or remembered. The author brings the devastation of Milan and surrounding areas to life through the eyes of a young man during the last two years of the war in Italy.
 I loved this book because although it is fiction it is based on the main characters life and real events. It was also well researched. It took him 10 yrs to research and write it. He got the main characters son to read all of the drafts for accuracy .  I have read a lot of Historical fiction about  WW II  but never get a perspective from the Italians.  Great book that was well written with good character development
 One of the best historical and most enlightening biographies I have ever read and I have read many.<br/>Mark Sullivan created an intense identification for the readers for the young Italian resistance hero. Previously I'd heard little/nothing about the heroic resistance movement in WW II of many Italians.
 Well written. Great characters. Beautiful book, though time period covers a terrible time in history. Reads well. Most importantly, it is all real. Descriptions are so good that you feel as if you are watching a movie. There are very few books I give a 5 stars; this one deserves it. Highly recommended.
 The beginning of the book was more like the recitation of a story and I had a hard time sticking with it.  But if you persist and get through all that "setting up" of the story than its pretty amazing.  It does provide an interesting inside look  at how one lives in the middle of a war zone.  Its amazing how life can continue to go on.  Quite a story.  Worth reading.
 I liked this book. It's a good read and goes quickly. It's interesting, too, as I didn't know anything about the Italian resistance. It does seem a bit far-fetched in places.
 If you are interested in true valor and honor in times of deepest peril; or in young love being found and germinating, even in the environment of personal and familial desolation; or in a people enduring during extreme societal decimation and deprivation; or, finally, in some of the essential truths and meanings of life itself, including, "lest we forget..." -- you will regret not reading and telling others about this amazing story.  Well told, Mr. Sullivan, well told!  Thank you, sir!
 I could not put it down. It captured  the  essence of a young man . His unexpected journey. His courage, his first love, and a life<br/>that was cleverly crafted by the author into the horrific circumstances of a war..it became his war. He became a man. A man that finally got closer at the end of the book along with the aurhor.
 It seems we can never get enough stories about World War II. This is a very well described recounting of a less studied area of the war- German occupied Italy as described by the actions of a then teenager in Milan. We read many stories of the Resistance in France, not so many about Italy where the Fascists sought to rule. In addition to the non stop action, there was quite a bit of history to be added to what I knew about the war and its effect on civilians.
 This was such a well written book that touched my heart. It had it all, a true hero with great humility and flaws but such courage who witnessed so many atrocities and still found love. But love lost and a life spent searching. I loved this book and at a time when our country has too much hate and seems to have forgotten what can happen, it was an important read. We all need to remember that evil can and does exist in the world but we have the means to combat it.
 This book....WOW!!! It is a must read - we have recommended it to all of our friends. I wouldn't consider myself the most avid reader, but this book had my attention 100%. It is the perfect mix of history, a love story and action. I cannot wait to read it again.
 A Worthwhile Read! The story is significant and of historical value, so I'm glad that I read it. The writing, however, is workmanlike at best. I mean that in the sense that the author knew the story he wanted to tell, and then worked it out piece by piece. Descriptions are somewhat labored, and writing stilted at times.
 Great book, based on a true story.  Author interviewed the ninety something year old several times and he told of his experiences in detail for the first time.  This story is about a close family and their loses, also the pride they had for the younger members in the family.
 A chilling semi documentary that records the Italian holocaust through the eyes of a young man and his family. Many stories provide tales of courage and love fulfilled. This does not. Whatever joy is to be found is brief. This is ,a novel of death and despair, true to its Holocaust events.
 What’s not to like? This novel is presented as being based on a true story. I didn’t really buy it as true but it was a very good novel.
 Every book needs a character that you care about, and the subject of this book was it. The author kept me engaged enough that I was curious to know what happened next in his life. There was an air of mystery throughout the storyline that ended with an unexpected surprise.
 A truly remarkable story.  It would be a great tale if it was fiction, even better that it is a true story.  Sullivan has a way of capturing action and emotion that is easy to relate to.  This is also a bit of history of WWII that is largely unreported, so it is interesting in that respect, too.
 A riveting book! The story was fascinating as I remembered stories my dad told me about his time in WWII. Some very sad parts though in reference to relationships.<br/>Didn’t want it to end.
 A riveting and heart-wrenching tale.  Beautifully written with vivid imagery.  I couldn’t put it down. Read it all the way through the aftermath.
 This book was mesmerising!  I stayed up all night reading it.  What a brave young man Pino was.  He was lucky to have found a true love that he would never forget during a horrible time in history.  I also found the final pages of the book interesting as to how Pino came into the path of so  many famous people.  Mr. Sullivan is a wonderful author.
 It is hard to believe this is not a work of fiction! What an amazing story. And equally amazing is the time and devotion of the author to bring this account to print with the best accuracy possible. Even if you are not a War buff, this story of courage, passion and humanity is incredibly moving.
 One of the best books I ever read.  I was sad when it ended.  I loved this book as it inspired me to think about all of the unsung heroes of our wars.  It showed that kindness and passion of people does and has made a difference.  I loved that it was based on real characters.  You won't be able to put this book down.
 What a great story about one of one of my favorite subjects  - WW II. It’s a tragic tale of love and adventure and about a young mans faith in God and mankind. I will replay this story in my own mind for years to come. I like Mark Sullivan’s style of writing. I look forward to reading more of his books
 This was a very moving, interesting book.  Pino was such an incredible person.  You have to realize he was only a boy doing these remarkable things.  Bringing Jews to safety, driving for someone he despises, and keeping it all a secret.  He is truly amazing.
 Excellent novel! After seeing all the glowing reviews, I chose it as my April Kindle First book and it was definitely worth it. The story really casts a light on Italy during WWII and what transpired there. And to this this is a true story! Quite remarkable. Highly recommend.
 Well written historical fiction - pulls you in and  you end up wanting to know what's next. It was a very good read!
 I knew close to nothing about the Italian resistance in northern Italy. This is an incredible story about a teenage boy who helped Jews escape into Switzerland. Full ofGreat characters and I found the book was hard to put down.  Being of Italian ancestry I was moved by some of the people in this book.
 A long book but wet quickly because I could hardly put it down.  Also, enjoyed googling all the characters from this fact-based book.n have referred it to lots of friends.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is. probably categorized as historical fiction but is more history than fiction.  The characters were well developed and I wanted to keep reading to the very end.  If you live WW II stories, this one will rank high.
 The best book  I have read in a long, long time.  I think everyone should read this, Pino's story and the way Mark Sullivan is able to get this unbelievable story is so spot on. You really feel you are right there with Pino, feeling his feelings and seeing what he is seeing.  It really makes you realize how bad the war was
 Well written. Riveting emotional. Toping it off, it’s a true story.  Had me all the way to the end. Totally worth the read.
 I read this book in one weekend. I learned about a part of WWII previously unknown to me. I am grateful for both the author's and protagonist's openness. I cried real tears. Thank you for sharing this incredible story.
 Fascinating, well written, didn't want to put it down. Filled with intrigue and love, and violence and beauty.<br/><br/>I'd recommend this book to anyone interested in historical fiction during WW II in Italy. I'm ready for another novel set in that time.
 I am moved beyond words by this account of Pino Lella, an unsung hero in Italy during World War II. My heart was in my throat from the beginning and my tension grew and grew with each chapter. It's a poignant love story as well. I would give this book ten stars if I could.
 A good book makes you think. A great book makes you think you were there and doesn't let go for days after. I found myself thinking about the characters more and more as I got deeper into the book and they became more involved in the story. By the second half of the book I just could not put it down. It touched feelings I could not avoid and memories of things my parents told me about World War II. I'm reading it five stars because it continues to haunt me and make me wonder how I would have handled any of the situations the main characters dealt with.
 A beautiful story...based on true life!!!!!  Hard to put down and one that stays with you ......highly recommended!
 Started this book in the morning and couldn't put it down. It the middle of the night now and I'm wishing the story was still going
 Great suspense novel. Lots of twists and turns. Really brings the reader into the story; however, the end left me wondering if the German general was a spy for the allies or a monster. I guess we'll never know-- that's the only disappointing part of the story, however,I learned so much that I  about the Italian partisans--not much has been written about this part of the war. Wonderful book. Very well written.
 The story starts with Pino's childhood innocence gradually intruded on by war and love.  The pace of events grabbed me and the novelist made the loss of innocence engendered by war palpable-a Hardy Boy style adventure morphs quickly into an adult story of human emotion, strength and frailties.  A very enjoyable read
 Very vivid word painting.  Really enjoyed the descriptions of everything. I really had no idea how bad WWII was in Italy. I was born in 1944, so the war was far behind by the time of my awareness.  Loved the book.
 Pino Lella led a frightening, romantic life during World War II in Italy.  One adventure was consumed by the next and the author did a fantastic job of keeping up with it.  Pino should have died so many times over and the fact that he didn't could easily make the story unbelievable.  But the heartbreak and tragedy that accompanied his journey tells your heart that it is very true.
 A tremendous s read! The true story of the last 2 years of WWII in Italy ....a young teenager who becomes the driver for one of the most powerful Nazi generals. Often so heartbreaking. If you are a fan of historical fiction you will be greatly moved by this book based on true events and real people. The epilogue is as intriguing as the story as the author shares what became of all the people years after the war ended. Highly recommend this book! A do not miss read!
 Absolutely loved this gripping story of love and war. The further along I got the harder it was to put down. I can always tell a good book because I actually think about it during the day. This book did just that. Totally recommend!
 I loved this book. Pino is my hero.<br/>It’s heartbreaking but beauty found a way.<br/>A must, historical read. Peace.
 Gut wrenching at times, it opened up a world of the Nazi occupation of Italy , a very brave young man, and of an enduring love.  Incredible detail. The mountain-climbing descriptions made me dizzy.  The valor of those Italians who saved Jewish people from the Nazis was inspirational.
 This was an excellent book.  Very well written and kept me captivated from beginning to end.  The story of the lives of the Italian boy and his family was riveting.  I never realized the horrors of this war in Italy as was portrayed by the writer.  It definitely kept my attention from beginning to end.<br/>I highly recommend this book.
 Italy always seems to be left out of World War 2...not in this book.  A wonderful story about growing up in Italy seeing the ugly in this war and finding love.  Great war story and have to admit a great love story ad well.
 A true story, wonderfully told of a brave boy who grew into a young man as he saved so many people at a huge cost to himself.  The writing isn't just an accounting but let's you feel as if you are the one experiencing these events for yourself.
 I have not been a reader for a long time. This book kept me spellbound and I could not read it fast enough.<br/>Most stories of WW2 and the holocaust center around eastern  Europe and you rarely hear about how Italy was impacted and responded.<br/>This was a remarkable story of heroism, valor, love, hate and the scars of war.<br/>Everyone should read this book.
 I highly recommend this book.  This book was so well written. There were so many times that my body was so tense due to the intense story/story telling. I could not put this book down and yet wanted to read slowly to keep it from ending. This book should appeal to both men and women. I plan to have my teenage kids read this also. What a great story. (I can't say that enough)
 My mother was from Italy during WWII and this was so enlightening.  Its amazing what strengths and courage is met by mere children and teens during a horrendous time in their lives.  It was enlightening and thought provoking and I was hooked until the end, wondering what happened to this Man and his family and friends.  I was very pleased with this book.
 It took a while to step into the lives of the characters, but once accomplished,  the unfolding story was captivating. The events portrayed exuded all the mystery, passion and heartache of life in Italy during the war, and one man's struggles to survive, love, serve his people and respond to the carnage around him. New twists at every turn, and new decisions as to how to face circumstances thrust his way.
 Amazing creation built on our history and thru the eyes of those that survived the horror of Hitler. It is humbling to witness Pino's journey.
 This was another kind of book on the Holocaust and the atrocities committed against Jews of all nationalities and also against the Italian people in general. Instead of a camp survivor it was from the perspective of a surviving spy. A young man who has to grow up way too fast!  I loved it!
 This is a great book!  I became totally engrossed in the story, and i couldn't wait to pick it up again to read more!  Although it was very sad (given the subject matter) it was also interesting, exciting, suspenseful, sad and happy.  Mark Sullivan, congratulations and thank you for telling this story- it deserves to be told!  You honor Pino and all the unsung heroes of that terrible time!
 Very interesting story about a real guy.  Hard to validate certain facts in story.
 Sullivan brings the time and place of northern Italy during World War 2 to heart rending yet warm and touching life.  Knowing this story is closely based on the real life experience of Pino Lella made it even more captivating.  I couldn't put it down - not even after I finished reading it.
 I LOVE World War II History and all the happenings as I was born during that time.....  I WISH more people would step up and tell of their experiences to this author so he could write their story for them so we could appreciate their role in History!!!!!
 I have read  The Nightingale  and also The Light We Cannot See and now Beneath a Scarlet Sky.  My generation is and should be grateful for the research, writing and publishing of these stories , hopefully younger generations will read them.
 I never thought much about the Italian resistance; let alone the impact on a teenager.  The characters  seemed real and the reader easily could envision the emotions that impacted them.  I couldn't put it down especially sinceI I had visited Italy just post war.  Similar book is the Nightingale.  Also a five star war book.
 It was a good read about a young man that most of us would never have heard of had it not been for this book.  His life was almost to exciting but he came through with flying colors and is now a ripe old age.  I would recommend this book.
 An excellent read, full of suspense, excitement and drama. All this accomplished without the mush that plagues love stories, yet diverting and reverend to the war in Italy and all those who were brutally butchered during this harrowing time. Beautifully written, the author has  demonstrated his incredible talent. A mesmerizing read filled with spine tingling hair pin turns. Highly recommended.
 I was reticent to read another Holocaust story but the great rating on this book convinced me to give it a try. I couldn't put it down! What an amaxing story, beautifully written, both character-centric and historically revealing. If it's possible to say that a Holocaust story can be uplifting, then this one is. It's a must-read.
 I usually don’t read fiction or novels, but this was recommended to me as historic fiction.  I’m a stickler for authenticity and accuracy<br/>and this was a little too far fetched for me.  It left out the complete fate of one of the main characters after the war and I would have liked to know more about the reasons for his actions.  If you like heartbreaking novels you would  like this book.<br/>I don’t mean to be so critical but I read mostly non fiction and WW2 is one of my favorite subjects.
 This book provides a view of WWII through the eyes of an Italian teenage boy caught in the middle of war events happening in his hometown. The author shares with us the interesting life story of Pino Lella which kept me riveted from beginning to end.
 Extremely intense and heart wrenching. It takes you to the inside of the war with the day to day of one young man and his family.  His bravery was extraordinary and many times purely based on circumstances.  You will be immersed in a total adrenalin rush one minute and heart broken the next. Enjoy the ride!
 Gripping drama.  Loved the content and style.  You will never know when suddenly an interruption takes the reader in another direction.  Great reading for WWII history lovers even though some content is based loosely on historical events.
 I'm sure that this has been somewhat embellished and the details filled in to make the story flow, however this is an amazing tale of an unsung hero of WW2 and I would strongly recommend it to anyone.
 Outstanding historical fiction as it details the Italian-German warfront in exacting personal detail wound around a love story that ends in tragedy.  For those who have limited their study of WWII to Hitler, you must read this book to expand your knowledge of history.  I found that this story occasionally bogs down for a few pages but it's well worth moving forward.
 This is a thoughtful and historic book. It has the elements that keep me reading, fine character development, history and intrigue.  I like that struggles with faith are included,so many books leave that entire reality out. So much tragic and needless loss in war, maybe we will learn something? I did not know that the Italion people helped saved over 40,000 Jewish people from the Natzis. That is  wonderful, maybe we will learn something. Don't skip the aftermath it follows Pino and his family and others after the war. There was an enormous amount of research and personal contact that went into this work Well done Mark Sullivan.Ok
 Sharing with my book club, true story that is riveting and I read it just before I visited Northern Italy!
 I would give this book more stars if I was able.  It was well-written and kept my interest through the end.  There was so much going on, you never got tired of it.  Would love to see the movie and hope they produce an award winner.
 The reader experiences the horrors of WWII Nazi occupation of northern Italy through the eyes of young Pino Lella.  Sullivan weaves a tale of love, hatred and intrigue as lived in the little known waning days of the war in Italy.
 I have long been fascinated with the history of WWII and the Nazis. Personal accounts are so moving but this one touched me differently. Additionally I have never read a book specific to Italy during this war and this intrigued me further. This book is well researched and written even better. Another to add to the list of books that I hated to finish....
 I'm very difficult to please when it comes to books.  I can be in a room with tons of novels and walk away with maybe 2. This book was a story that will remain with me, and I'm positive I'll listen to it again in the near future. I highly recommend this if you're looking for a book that will convince you that you're there, with every character, as their story is told.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky will keep you in it's grip!  You won't want to put it down.  This is an incredible story of the German occupation of Italy during WWII.  Based on the interviews of someone who lived it as a teenager you will want to get to the end to know what happened.  Very well written and researched, excellent read.
 Great presentation of a seventeen year old who acted as a guide for Jewish people to escape from the Nazis through the Alps to Switzerland’s. He also served as a spy while driving for a Nazi general..<br/>The book is hard to put down.
 arrived in excellent condition. an original historical fiction story based on a real person &amp; ensuing events. I highly recommend everyone read this.
 One of the best books I have read in years.  This tells an incredible story of life and death when the world went insane.  A truly moving narrative on many levels; not just a gripping, exciting war story,  but a deep look at human nature at its best and worst.
 A ww2 story told from the Italian perspective that is beautifully told. I felt as if I was experiencing everything Pino went through. Very much recommend this book
 Interesting story Couldn't put it down..Never read a story about the end of war in northern Italy and among Fachists, natives, Germans, Americans, and Jews and Catholics. Suffering of all ages and starving of people from the local towns. Well written.
 I enjoyed this book more than I expected! Excellently written. I have not read much about,  Italy during WWII and this story filled in the gaps. The author did a great job making you feel like you  knew the main character. Well done!
 Pino comes alive for the reader as history unfolds in his story.  Spellbinding and interesting.  A must read for everyone.
 Set during an interesting time of WWII as the Allies moved in on Nazi Germany and Facist Italy. Book covers all the key events which is where the 'novel' piece arises. Valued the book more for its historical backdrop than literary quality. Overall I really enjoyed learning about Italys role in the war.
 One of the best books I have ever read, and I've read a lot.  It is about Italy and a bit about Switzerland. It's about all the difficult decisions people have to make.  It's a romance.  It's thoughtful and very well done!  I highly recommend it.
 Beautifully written account of a remarkable life. This is a story that needed to be told and Sullivan more than did it justice. The horrors of war, the courage and honor of one young man who found himself thrust in the center of it and the beauty of love combined to create a book that can't be put down and remains in the heart long after its completion. Well done!
 Book started of slow, put it down several times only to eventually pick it up again. Glad I did, its s wonderful love story riff with sorrow and grief. Heart wrenching in its honesty. Glad I stuck it out to the end. So many everyday people are true hero's when time presents itself.
 I love history, so this book gave me that but as well as a very personal account of the struggle in Italy during WWII.  Interesting from beginning to the end, and a very sad story of human tragedy.
 An amazing true story recounted in a straight forward manner. Perfect. The insights into the Nazi and Fascist atrocities in Italy are unique and gut-wrenching. The story told through the eyes of a teenager makes it even more riveting. His efforts as a spy and resistance fighter saved countless lives. Sullivan's impeccable research and deft storytelling resurrect an incredibly important hero and story.
 Well-written account of WWII from an Italian's perspective.  War is hell , and humanity is tested when the flames scorch the earth.  Loved the bravery and selflessness of Pino.
 I am a fan of WWII history.  This story is not only true, it reads better than historical fiction since you know it is factual.  I really enjoyed the story line, found it well written, and I could geographically locate the events.  It is a fascinating remembrance of WWII history in Italy and even has an interesting twist at the end.
 I was surprised to find how little I knew about Italy in World War II.  The news we received was mostly about the progress of the Allies and our Army boys over seas. I was about the same age as the leading boys in this remarkable  book.  It broke my heart to learn what the<br/>families endured so needlessly.  It's a story that had to be told by a master writer as  Mark Sullivan.
 Enjoyed every nminute of it.  A great insight into the Italian part of the war.  However I almost wish Ihad read the Epilogue first as it gave so much valuable information regarding the characters.
 I love love loved this book. It is hard to read but reminds you of the pain of this awful war on many levels. I am of Italian descent and this is the way Italian families are. This war through Pino's eyes and the lessons of nothing is ever what it seems at first glance are haunting.
 Highly recommended. A unique view of World War II from the Italian view point. The atrocities the Nazis got away with still astonish me.
 Worth the read.  Amazing what young people can accomplish on their own in dangerous circumstances.
 I love a good Historical Fiction book.  This one held my interest from start to finish.  I liked the fact that it was based on a wonderful Italian young man who helped during the Holocaust in his own way.
 I am not a historian and had given little thought to Italy during WWII other than that they were not on our side.  This paints how complex the picture truly was for the people of Italy...really of the world at this time.  The main story of Pino is very interesting and he is someone to root for.  A wonderful read that was educational!
 A very interesting story, relatable characters. I couldn’t wait to get back to the story each day to see what would happen next to Pino.
 There is a good reason why this book has a 4.8 rating with over 8K reviews.. Fast paced, historically documented, with Pino being at times the stereotypical cocky Italian boy but what he does during the WWII to aid the war effort is truly amazing...How he did what he did and not be found out by the Nazis ..... Just Read the book!!! Trust me you will be enthralled as I was.
 I fell in love with Pino and still think of him today. Character development at its finest along with a fascinating story at a critical time in history.
 based on the real life of a young man during WWII who undertook enormous chances to support Italy when occupied by Nazis.  His life takes many twists and turns in a beautiful yet dangerous land.
 This book was one once you started it was hard to put down. Make me so appreciate our freedom this day and age and strong military.<br/>Very sad for my ancestors but happy they made it through that time in Italy and get to immigrate to America.
 This is a story of an unsung hero doing what he thought was the right thing to do to defend his country during WWII<br/>There are so many brave men and women that should never be forgotten.
 This non-fiction novel is the gripping true story<br/>of Milanese teenager Pino Lella, who was a spy for the Italian partisans during WW II.The  story of  Lella's virtually unknown exploits is suspense-filled; at times terrifying and profoundly sad. Ultimately though, notwithstanding its several glimpses into the abyss of some of the worst deeds of human history, the novel proves via it's recounting of the deeds of its hero, that one man with faith and courage can participate in Good's inevitable triumph over Evil.
 Best true WWII story you have never heard before. Pino Lella will make you believe in the goodness of humanity. Sullivan's writing is accessible and it is easy to just keep reading, from beginning to end.<br/><br/>Unlike many bestsellers, this deserves the praise.
 Gripping. A 2 day read. The kind of narrative that grows till you think it can't any more then leaps to new heights. This is a true story that puts Crighton, Clancy, &amp; J Bond to shame. Truth is often the tale that blows you away.
 Fast pace thriller!  Characters evolve as the story progresses - authentic storytelling based on fact.  Passionate and moving, without sentimentality.  Sullivan created a story -  with every paged turned you are there in Northern Italy during WW II - a witness to the ravages of war and a society turned up-side-down by the German occupation of Italy.  No doubt about it, a story that needed to be told.  .
 This is well written, filled with convincing detail. Based on the real experiences of an Italian teenager, it is a gripping story of how he did what would have seemed impossible under different circumstances.
 I started reading this and put it down, picked up again and became engrossed with the book. A great read, doubt I watch the movie. It depicts the war as I imagine it to be. My uncles never talked about this war and a friend only described eating dinner with some Italian's while stationed in Italy. It was probably a war best forgotten but I thank you for the glimpse
 Amazing true story of a young Italian man and his role during the war. Intriguing story of Italy and Nazi Germany
 I had not read a lot about the war in Italy. It was a beautiful book of hopes , dreams and reality. Very informative while at the same time engrossing. All the characters were very believable as was the story line. I would recommend this book to anyone, as it's beautifully written. Loved it !
 Sometimes a book comes along that reminds you to cherish life and give thanks for the goodness and the tragedy it offers. This novel of Pino Lella's life during WW II does just that.  I have recommended it to many family and friends.  Thank you Pino Lella for sharing your story.
 I would give this book ten stars . Being Italian my mother would tell me how terrible it was for the Italians during the war because Mussolini went with the nazis.  I am sad for pino. He lost the love of his life. They will meet again.  Bravo Mark Sullivan for pursuing this story!!
 This story unfolds during the Nazi occupation of Italy, and delves into the life of Pino Lella and his family, which begins simply and turns into an incredible journey to survive, love and deal with the horrors of the inhumanity inflicted upon his fellow countrymen and women.
 I could not put this book down! It was very historically fascinating and incredibly well written. I'm so intrigued by this story! I highly recommend this book if you're looking for a great book that you won't want to put down.
 This book is about an unsung hero. It has tales, tragedy and love. I am in awe of the sacrifices that pino made  for the cause and the desperate acts that had to be undertaken in order to help unnamed and named souls. Amazing story! I wonder how many others are out there.
 I've read many books, fact and historical fiction, with personal accounts of events during WW2. This is among my favorite. I was able to get swept up in Pino's love story, as well as his anguish of the traumatic events that he witnessed. Thank you for sharing your life with the world.
 Thank you Mark and Pino for giving this story the telling it deserves. You touched my heart with this tale. Pino, God bless you and thank you for being the man you have been in this life. You are a treasure and you have my utmost respect and admiration. I feel one of the best compliments a person can give is to let another person know they are truly memorable. Mark Sullivan, you and Pino have etched my soul with this story. Thank you again.<br/>Sincerely,<br/>Vincent Pisane
 Mr Sullivan nailed this story. I could not put it down. Pino was a hero and needed his story told. Thank you Mark for doing this with intelligence and compassion. Anyone taking classes on Italian history must read this book.  Thank you from one Montana to another.
 A great read. A very realistic look at what life was like for the many persecuted people of that time. The heroism and bravery shown by the many who made the effort to help is portrayed with great feeling. A difficult to put down account of these incredible achievements.
 This story brought to light the injustice of war, and bad  things happening to good people and the human spirit and faith to live through those times.  Don't read this book of you don't want to become emotionally involved.
 This book takes place in Italy during the war. I knew very little about the German occupation there. This was different because it is about a real person. It’s his story. I loved Pino and the story!
 This heart wrenching story will keep you in it's grip until the very end.  The details, and history come to life as you read this man's story of his life during the Nazi occupation of Italy in WWII.
 I could not put it down. The story raced and twisted and turned as exciting as a ride in an Italian sportscar with a pro driver. Kudos to the author and thank you for telling this important story.
 Although the story sometimes felt like it was dragging on, overall it was a page turner. The story and its details were well written. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes war stories.
 Very well written, easy to understand even tho the content explained the horrible crimes committed that were unbelievable.  But if you know Italy and the customs they have when it comes to family it makes it that more interesting and confirms their loyalty &amp; tight relationships.  Without saying more and spoiling  the story line I highly recommend to read this book if you are interested in WWII and /or Italy.
 Captivating story with juvenile dialogue among characters.  I'm glad I finished it, as I learned so much that I haven't read before about what took place in Italy. I just wish the author could have shortened the story and beefed up the sappy dialogue.
 I thought this book was very informative!  Yes, it was another World War II book, but this one takes place in Italy and shows us how they suffered during this time.  The hero, Pimo Llelo, helped by saving many Jews from deportations, and then later became a spy.<br/>Yes, I would recommend this book.  And I would love to find other ones like this.
 A true story, making an excellent dramatization in this book. The hero is an amazing person, and the book describes WWII in Italy very well.  Read it.
 This is a novel about the end of WWII in Italy.  It is based on a true person and his experience as a spy for Italy.  It dragged in some places but I did finish the book.  Be sure to read the end and what happened to the people mentioned in the book.
 It’s the first book I bought on my kindle Paperwhite. I have two young boys (age 4 and age 1). I had to stay up all night to finish the book. It is THAT good. I also learned a lot about historical events especially how Italians reacted when they “allied” with Germans.<br/><br/>After reading this book, I am scared that I won’t be able to find a good book like this for a while.
 What an amazing story! I think this is the best book I've read in many years. It was hard to put it down. Such heroes we had during WW!!, and what horrible risks they took to help the Allied war efforts. Would heartily recommend this book!
 Great story to read about tragic time in history would recommend for good reading about this family stuff times at war
 Very good book and historically accurate.  I liked the way the author updated all the characters at the end with how they carried out the rest of their lives after the war.
 I liked the fact it  was based on a true story.  It was easy to read and I didn't get lost in what was going on in WWII or the story. It was an eye opener for what happened in Italy during WWII.
 This is difficult to stop reading. To think of the sadness, tough choices, love &amp; life lost. But the strength, courage and heart keeps moving forward. Even if not all supported by facts, most would've been destroyed, you can picture their lives and how it played out. A story well told.
 Though this was a novel, I learned so much history from it.  Very touching, and author's research was most evident.  I have recommended this book to friends.
 I love historical fiction and this was one of the best I've read in a while. This is an account of an actual man's part in WW2 with fiction interspersed. Additionally, I've never read the Italian side of WW2 and there are so many different aspects to Italy's part in the war.
 This book is one of best books I have read about WWII. The writer captures the raw emotions of war and that there are many sides and perspectives dependent on your loyalties. The author  displayed how the intricate web of family, church and government impacts the decisions people make under duress and we are not just good or evil.
 Craftfully retold account of this man's heroism and loss during WW2. Painfully researched facts over many years brought this information all together. Thank you for writing this Mark Sullivan.
 An amazing story about WW II from inside Milan, Italy and the surrounding areas. A real page turner. I could not put it down. You will really want to explore more history of Pino Lella and his bravery. Makes one want to read more of WW II history from the Italian perspective. A great read!
 I really liked this book.  What an experience to have lived through.  The emotions the book makes you feel like you are there as an "Observer".  A book I think most people would enjoy reading.
 This book is based on a true story.  It is a captivating tale of Italy during the Nazi’s occupation.  Really enjoyed the action, intrigue and the passionate love story.  It also provides insight into how much the human experience can endure during it’s best and worst times.
 I love this story SO much! It's a clear novel that brings you through every emotion and I'm left with a desire to dig even deeper into history! Brilliant.
 I listened to this book on Audible and I couldn't put my device down.  Great historical and romantic love story all in one.
 I am new to reviewing books, but this is a great one to start with. I love the historical details, actual names of people who lived through WWII in Italy, and lived lifetimes afterwards. The author did a good job of extrapolating on the conjecture and scant facts and accounts that survived a time in history so many went out of their way to bury. The book ends with peace and hope in a better tomorrow, although we may never totally forget painful pasts. Excellently written, and would be a great read for war history enthusiasts.
 I highly recommend this book for all.  I could not put this book down.  An incredible story of an incredible man.  I am glad the author continues to finish the story by checking on outcome of other characters as well.  This should be required reading so we cannot let history repeat itself!!  Best book I have read in a long time.
 Pino starts as a spoiled child and grows and takes on huge challenges as he becomes a man in war torn Italy. The book is a well written commentary on the horrors of war. I didn't know until the end of book that Pino and some of the people were based on actual people. I would definitely recommend it.
 Don't miss this one.  I haven't been captivated by a story like this in years.  A powerful tale, masterfully written.  Poignant and striking in every way.  Thank you for the gift of this story and slice of history.  Both of my grandfathers served in Italy during the war and neither would share about this chapter in their lives.  I feel a greater connection to them both after reading.
 Well written and kept me open and aware of all the hero's of our history that we never hear about. An amazing story of an amazing person.  I recommend every one read this and possibly learn a few life lessons.
 Enjoyed this book immensely. The strength of Pino and his family to survive the war and save so many people’s lives. The courage and faith tested and retested.<br/>Definitely recommend. Dreamt of the characters and the story after reading.
 I was 10 when war ended.  I've read almost every book about the war Amazon has for Kindle.  This was one of the best and first one regarding Italy.  I so enjoyed the great story.
 One of the best WWII stories I have read in a log time.  That fact that this is a true story just makes it more compelling to read. I hope Hollywood takes this story to film. More people need to understand the true hero's of WWII.
 This book has become one of my all time favorites.  It is written in a marvelous way that attaches the reader to the characters in an emotional way.  I loved it from start to finish.
 One of the best and informative books I've read in a long time. Hard to believe it is a true story.
 Fiction or reality, the story is worthwhile either way you wish to read it.  I prefer fiction since the story can't be credibly verified, which detracted me in the end, down a star.
 This was a very interesting novel taking place in Italy during WW II. Pino Lella's story was unbelievable!  The horrors of that time, the Resistance Movement, and how it affected the Italians are all revealed in this novel.  It is a must read.
 Loved how optimism keeps popping up in the worst of circumstances. I really felt for the Italian people dealing with tragic circumstances during the war. This story really shows how some people step up and show bravery, others cower and try to appease the enemy and how everyone starts mistrusting everyone else.
 This was a little slow at first, but I kept reading and was engaged. Then as the story continued to unfold, especially when the war began, it became a first rate suspense thriller. Hard to believe it really happened.
 An absolutely incredible book that is way overdue. It is a shame that it took that long to tell the stories of the heroes especially Pino. It was very moving and captivating. There is not enough good to say about this book. I only wish we would have been able to find more about the german that he worked for. I am still moved by Anna and can't stop thinking about her.
 Very well written with great characterization. If you like W.E.B Griffen novels you will like this one as well. Main character real historical person. One of the few low cost Amazon books that will have me looking for more by this author, instead of thinking: "Why did I waste my time"? Highly recommended...kept me up at night until wee hours.
 Don't expect this to be another Unbroken. It's NOT! I don't understand the numerous five star reviews of this book. I so wanted to love it. It was extremely interesting to get the Italian viewpoint of World War II. However, I felt this book could have used a lot more historical background and a little less of the very poorly written dialogue between the main character and his girlfriend as well as others.<br/><br/>I can't hundred percent place my finger on why I didn't like this is much as I thought I would. I can always tell a book isn't going well when I find myself starting to scan the pages just so it will be over. Overall I thought it was plodding. I wanted to feel more emotion about the characters but I somehow knew how much of it was going to turn out. Especially with Anna.<br/><br/>Also I hate to criticize someone's decision in a horrific time, as none of us can know what we would do, but why, when you spent a year risking your life rescuing Jews, would you let your parents force you into joining the German army; when the younger brother joined the resistance. It was also very unclear how much useful information was actually sent to the Allies. The spying seemed lost in the personal story. And the driving of the General to the border in the last of the book was honestly unbelievable. Seemed like it was set up for a movie car chase scene.<br/><br/>The most readable part of the book was reading about what happened to Pino and others after the war and that's disappointing.
 Thank you for sharing this true tale of life with all its passion, struggle, pride and weakness, laid bare, no excuses, for all to see.  Some of the language was not necessary, though understandable, given the circumstances.  I can't imagine what it must have been like to have to navigate your life around such horror, yet many people did just that.  Thank you for your service!
 Excellent book. I was pleasantly surprised, considering the subject matter, how well written and easy to read this book is. The author not only educated me, but he also kept me so interested I hated to set the book down. I will recommend Beneath a Scarlet Sky to my family and friends. The relationships Pino had were great. I had<br/>not read any of Mark Sullivan's books until I ran into this one. I will now add him to my growing list of favorite authors.
 Incredible! I lived in Italy, married to an Italian. He has told me many of these stories over 30 yrs. I was shocked to see them in print and know personally these places. Awesome! I will save this and read again..and again! Complimenti!
 True story of a boys life and what he did to help in the holocaust, his journey and story is one everyone should know about and read. Unbelievable at times, frightening and a page Turner.
 Here, history and the novel are seamless.  Finely crafted and beautifully told, 'Beneath a Scarlet Sky' simply should not be missed.  Read...and enjoy!
 This was an a well told story dealing with World War II from the prospective of those living in Italy.  I was totally captivated.
 This book held my attention from the beginning. Very good true inspirational story.
 Wonderful book!  I had not heard very much about fighting in Italy during the war.  The author made it so realistic that you felt you were there especially climbing in the mountains taking the Jewish refugees to safety.  You could feel the craggily rocks and narrow passages.  I am glad Pino and Mimo survived and had a good life afterwards.  Their bravery was unimaginable.  It made me extremely nervous at times but is well worth reading.
 This is a great read!  The true story of a male, religious, Italian teenager in Milan during WWII, who becomes involved in the underground resistance.  It is a book very well researched and written.  It is a page turner!
 Whether this is fiction or non-fiction, this book is an awesome read.  If true, Pino is a hero and led a wonderful life.  If fiction, Pino is still a hero and his life is a wonderful story.
 Sometimes I wish there was an option for six stars - allowed for only the most elite of books. This book would most definitely deserve that rating. It's a powerful story, from start to finish, and one that will leave you unwilling to put it down.
 What a tremendous read!  Especially the final pages in which the author details the results of his research.  The book takes the reader through the vast range of human emotions--teenage angst, young love, great joy, heartbreak, fear, reckless confidence, betrayal, etc...<br/>Definitely a book I will return to several times as well as one I will highly recommend to friends who love the mixture of authentic history with fiction when spun by a gifted author!
 I read quite a bit, but seldom have I read a book that touches me like this one. This is a great, great story. Do not deprive yourself by not reading it. It is well written. Wow!
 This was a well-written book. I recommended it to a few people already.  It was a story you could not put down.  It was about northern Italy during WWII and the German occupation.  Mark Sullivan did an amazing job of researching.  I recommend this book.
 An incredible true story of the courage of a young boy in Italy and the unbelievable things he did during world war II to save the Jews from the Nazis. His undying love for his family and the pain and grief he suffered after losing the love of his life during the war are indescribable. A must read.
 There is not one thing I dislike about this book. I could not put it down. The author should be proud of himself for writing such an amazing story and capturing an important part of history. It is beautiful and tragic. The author truly takes you on a journey. I cried and laughed. I felt deep sorrow and happiness. I was at the edge of my seat. This is now one of my favorite books.  If you are reading reviews, debating whether or not you should read it...just do it. You won't regret it.
 I found it difficult to stay with this novel because the characters lack complexity and are mostly one dimensional, either good or bad.  I found it hard to stay connected to the characters, and often felt like I was reading a straight historical account.  While General Leyers is a more complex character, the reader does not get to understand his struggles with his role or what motivates him to waver from being entirely evil.  The plot and especially the description of settings did keep me somewhat interested.
 This was a most gripping &amp; entertaining book!!!  Pino was a true hero!  What an outstanding WWII story &amp; to know he lived through it all!!  Mark Sullivan did a fantastic job telling the horrors of the war &amp; the wonderful characters!  Was so sorry that the one he loved so much, didn't make it!
 A boy from Milan comes of age during the Nazi invasion of Italy, WWII.  A story of becoming a man-struggling with the torments of war while maintaining a close relationship with his family, friends and the Catholic faith.  And falling in love for the first time.  The research done by the author is woven into an intricate study on the evil acts of the Germans while occupying northern Italy. Easy read, page turner.
 This is a must read...I will be forever grateful to have shared in the life experiences of Pino Lella. Such love and such tragedy-I could never imagine.
 I gave this book 5 stars and it was worth every one. I fell in love with pink lella in the beginning until the end. I learned Italian war history and human trials as we face adversity and how we adapt. Well written book
 A compelling story of bravery , intrigue ,love and determination of one man's act to infiltrate the German occupation of  Italy  during WWII..Superbly written by Mr. Sullivan.<br/>A true story many of us never heard of.<br/>Couldn't put iti down...<br/><br/>A Must Read !!!!!
 Although listed as a novel, it is based on one person's real life during the unbelievably horrific last years of WWII in Italy. It is almost inconceivable that such things actually happened. And then for so much of it to be swept under the rug, so to speak. In the midst of it all, though, love is found.....a love that lasts forever. I highly recommend this book.
 This book was just that -- a quiet explosion. The story snuck up on me and then exploded on me before I realized it. My husband and I listened to it on a trip in the pickup. He was engrossed as I was. It revealed horrors I didn't know about. I'm so sorry what that war became. And the loss of so many good people. It's going to be with me for a long time. Fantastic story.
 I happened to read this right after a trip to Italy while on a trip to eastern Europe, visiting concentration camps along the way.  History of the resistance during WWII has always interested me and this novel, which not a memoir, appears to be a hisorical fiction.  It held my attention and compelled my continued reading.  It did not earn my highest review, however, I was glad to have read it.
 One of the things that cought my interest was that I just came home from vacationing in Milan and I could visualize where the story took place. Also that it is based on a true store. Love historical Novals. Held my interest  enjoyed the end saying what happened to those involved
 Such a touching story. I loved this book from the beginning until the end! If you liked the Nightingale then you will enjoy reading this book as well.
 Sweet, sorrowful, yet hopeful book on the conditions of man-his choices and consequences.  It gives a glimpse of the hardships of people living in those times, and the true evil that can embed in hearts.
 A very interesting tale of ww2. It is not your typical war novel, yet tales the story from a different view. This is a must read.
 A page turning suspense.  Kept me turning the pages then rereading pages.  A true picture of WW 11 I would read this book again. I like true stories that tell about the war.  We must never forget the horror or the people involved during the war nor the hero's.
 This is one of the most riveting books about events of World War II that you will ever read.  It is full of intrigue, suspense, emotion and insight.  Based on a true story about the life of a young Italian boy turned spy, you will not want to put it down.  I was also deeply touched by the love story that was a key element of this story.  Read this book.  You will be better for it.
 The story revealed the hardships for those forced to live under dictators in a war that tore their country apart. Italy's involvement in WWII is not often the center of focus. Jews in Italy were also deported and young Pino is challenged to use his skills to guide these refugees safely to Switzerland. The complexity of the war to the Italians is brought to the surface in this coming of age novel.
 The telling kept me turning the pages late into the night. I googled many locations and people while reading this interesting story.
 I never read war stories but gave this a try. I absolutely loved it. I looked forward to reading more each evening and was sad to see it  end. This may be the best story I ever read.
 I loved this book especially knowing that it was based on a true story.  Through personal interviews and extensive research on the war in Italy, the author presents a story of personal heroism and unbelievable bravery in the central character, Pino Lella, who aids his fellow countrymen escape the Nazis.  It’s a compelling read.
 A well written and gripping true story of how the best in human character can confront the worst and most evil instincts. This is not a happily ever after story. There is heart wrenching tragedy, and circumstances that make perseverance hard to imagine. The true tragedy of this history is how relevant it is in today’s political atmosphere
 I'm still reading it. I enjoy WWII historical fiction and lived in Livorno as a child, so I appreciate the valor of the Italian resistance! We MUST remember how cruel we humans can be to people and animals, but also how heroic we can become.
 Well written, excellent character development.  This book is terrific.  The atrocities that the Nazis inflicted wherever they went are hinted at here.  Additionally, the insanity that war and politics can cause are included in this narration.  This book is probably more relevant today as a cautionary example of how easily we can become savages given the temperature of the discourse.
 The story of a lifetime, thank you. Much better than fiction. The author wrote a fantastic account of one man's events of world war 2 in Italy. The ups and downs, the happy and the sadness, the changes in a seventeen year old boy to manhood. I am glad the story was written and thrilled to have read it.
 While I have read many stories, true and fictional, about WWII, starting with The Diary of Anne Frank when I was in elementary school, this is possibly the first I’ve read about the Nazi occupation of Italy.  The fast pace of Pino’s adventures made this a true page-turner.  Amazing that it is based on a true story!  It is a tale that will stay with you long after the last page.
 I understand that it is often difficult to verify first person accounts, especially if the contemporaies are dead and the evidence likely destroyed.  Even if it is not true, it is a great story and reads quickly, like a good novel.  Enjoyed it!
 Mesmerizing. So intriguing and devastating and insightful. The first book I’ve read that provided the Italian perspective and experiences during WWII. I was annoyed a bit by Anna this, and Anna that, but you realize how significant her part was throughout Pino’s entire life even to his final days.
 Could not put it down.  Sorry it is ending.  Author  did a fantastic job writing this book.  Very well researched
 I thought I knew a lot about the happenings during WWII, this story showed just how wrong I was. It was exhausting climbing the snow covered mountains, then crossing the narrow ridges with sharp drop-offs told so real it made me feel I was there. The narrow escapes, the fear of being caught, having to keep a secret from the best friend, and all the while searching for love.
 A book offering a wonderful yet rare insight into WWII in Italy.  Happy and tragic, it is the written emotional equivalent of Life is Beautiful. A must read for romantics who are also history buffs!
 This is a really good book. A well written account of what the Nazi occupation of Italy was like and the brave resistance fighters who stood up to the Nazi brutality. Also a look at the brutality of the reprisals by the partisans against Nazi sympathizers and collaborators or even some innocents who were falsely accused of such activities. The conclusions are always the same. War is hell and there may be necessary wars but there is no such thing as a "good war".
 Discovering new stories of valor and sacrifice brings reality to the horror of the Nazis and their evil agenda.  I loved Pino's gallant story of courage, performing sometimes everyday tasks to defend freedom.  The brashness of youth coupled with wise counsel and encouragement of others helped him use his gifts and talents to serve others and be God's hands in very difficult circumstances.  Excellent and thought provoking read
 Absolutely wonderful book, very well written! What a tragic, heartbreaking but also heroic story! I did wonder throughout the entire book, if I would have had that much courage in such hard times! Thank you, Pino for being so inspiring and Thank you to Mr Sullivan for writing such memorable and heartfelt book!
 Informative history of Northern Italy, primarily the Alps &amp; Milan, during WW II.  It was called a novel but is based on extensive research with real people, events and settings.  It's a gripping story, but it's war!  You may find yourself reaching for a tissue and staying up too late to see what happens next!!
 I couldn't put this book down.  Knowing it was based on a real-life person made it even more interesting.  I hadn't read a lot about the Nazi invasion of Italy and found it all fascinating.  Mark Sullivan is a great writer and I'll be reading more of his books.
 I've been reading WW I I  quite extensively and this Italian's perspective was very interesting.  I especially enjoyed the characters and their roles in the war.  Discovering the information of how many evil Nazi's escaped punishment was a sad testament at the same time as realizing how evil people can co-exist with good people simply because good people withhold judgment in the face of the evidence of evil.  Believing those who perpetrated satanic actions will be punished is always comforting.  Truth will out!
 Riveting story of war and warrior.  I recommend it to young and old. As the daughter of a WWII ARMY PFC, who was captured by the Germans in the Battle of the Bulge, I am always eager to read the stories of other participants . Thanks to the author for sharing this young Italian’s experience.
 If you are a history nerd as am I, you will devour this story like a sumptuous meal of new delicacies for the soul. Every emotion is experienced in this story. History focuses so very much on Germany, and Japan, with regard to WWII, it's refreshing and agonizing to hear about Italy, and what she experienced during this time when the world submerged itself in insanity.  Bon apetit.
 A great tale of courage. It brought to life the humanity of war and the resilience of love and friendship. Well written. I recommend this book to anyone who likes reading historical fiction.
 Some characterizations thin, but on overall riveting account of war intrigue, bravery, cunning, sacrifice, love, and idealism shattered in the face of brutality.  Pino's life story is truly remarkable, and the research behind telling his tale a noble effort
 Truth stranger than fiction.  There were few who suffered these times with both brains and heart. God watched over him and provided key "Angels".  He did amazing acts because he thought it was right.  God was with him.
 I was hooked after reading the introduction.  So many beautiful amazing stories, like this one, go untold.  I love the ending and knowing where these people ended up, after such an awful time in history.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read. There are so many books written about WW2  but not much about Italy's involvement. This book not only gives you the human side of the times but is very enlightening. So often we read about the huge amount of Jewish lives lost.  It is nice to know that many were saved.
 I can understand why it has so many reviews. It is an excellent book. I wasn’t super fond of the writing style, but that didn’t slow me down.
 One of the most exciting personal stories of heroism and heart in such a tragic era of WWII that I've read in a long time.  A unique perspective from a young Italian which is not something I've heard before.  Always a good reminder that there are and have always been good people in the world who do good things.
 Great story of a youth growing into his manhood under the most extreme circumstances.  1944 Milan Italy was a war zone with nightly bombings by the allies.  Great character development and wonderfully scripted story, could not put this one down.
 A must-read for anyone who values the lessons our history teaches and that are learned at life's knee.  A very personal tale well-told of a daring young patriotic Italian who risked all for the free world, of the web of friends and family who helped him, and of enemies who sought the demise of him and his cause.  Told with skill, weaving suspense and emotion until the very end, and accompanied by a satisfying historical account of all the main characters.  Bravo, Mark Sullivan!
 I chose this book based on the number of stars/reviews. I had high hopes for this book and was not disappointed.  I will quickly recommend this for anyone wanting a good read. It's worth every page that gives you insight of what went on in Italy during WWI and the hero's we will never know. Wonderful book.
 I am not usually one who reads books about wars but this one got a hold of me and would not let go. I used to take care of a Italian lady that was born and raised in Italy. She was a young girl when the Germans came but remembered the fear. Her sisters had been sent to visit grandparents in southern Italy when the Germans cut a line across and there was no communications with them for two to three years. My heart aches through most of the reading
 Great story, historical, about a special young man and his experience during the occupation of Italy by the German army and his efforts to escort refugees to safety.
 An excellent read! Constant action and suspense. Although much tragedy and heartache, so much much more bravery!
 This book was assigned for my book club and I enjoyed every page.  Provoked many emotions and provided great historical background.<br/>The characters are so clear and colorful and unforgettable. Best book I have read in a long time .
 Wow! What a story! Unable to sleep one night, I resumed reading the book, and was totally wired by Pino's efforts to get an out of conditioned pregnant violinist out of Italy to safety in Switzerland. I was hoping to read myself back to sleep, but instead chewed up page after page of an incredible cliff hanger. A fan of WWII stories involving the Holocaust since reading Mila 13 back in the 70's, I found this book riveting, never stumbling over the author's free floating writing style. This is a great book!
 If you enjoy WWII and a good exciting story, this book is great. I often thought this was too dramatic to be real, and was particularly intrigued with how the author brings it back to the present at the end. A definite must read!
 The true story of Pino and his wartime adventures read like a person who lived a lifetime in 2 years. It is a story of love, morality, and more importantly about life. You won’t just be reading about Pino’s war but also about how he comes to grips with what he saw and lost. I am glad this story was finally told and the book told it well.
 Just finished one of the best books I have ever read, "Beneath A Scarlet Sky" by Mark Sullivan.<br/><br/>It is a war story, a love story, a drama, a work of historical fiction and non-fiction and a morality tale all in one. In short, it is the story of Pino Lella, a young Italian who lived through the Nazi/fascist years and the liberation...and could very well be described as an Italian Forrest Gump...he saw it all, lived it all and thankfully, shared it all.<br/><br/>I have rarely felt so connected to the characters in a story...and it has been years since a book made me nearly shed tears.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor, buy the book, set aside a weekend and read it.
 I thought the writing was exceptional.  The author put his feelings into it.  It was a love story with many tragic events involved.  Showed the evil that was in the world at that time and the people who tried to deflect it and help the ones the evil was destroying.
 My first Amazon Kindle book and wow...such a powerful moving account of Italy's struggle in the war.  It was a book I will not soon forget..the true story of heroes in the throws of such tough circumstances...an example of goodness and courage for us all.  The characters and scenes were riveting....I could not put it down.  As an Italian-American I was both sad and proud.  You will not be disappointed.
 When I selected this book I had no idea what was in store. Absolutely amazing true story that made me laugh, hold on to the edge of my seat in fear and concern, and cry at all the loss. Learning about what the Italians went through during the war was heartbreaking but seeing the first hand perspective of what people contributed and sacrificed was amazing. Definitely recommend this book and grateful the author dedicated so much time to uncover the full story.
 What an overwhelming story!! You wouldn't believe it to be true if the author hadn't done such a thorough research. Well written and one of those books that you just can't put it down! Not only the tale of a personal experience but of a sad chapter of our history.
 I was caught up in the survival story of Italy’s darkest hours. I have read and heard about most of Europe’s war history but Pino Lellas personal account was remarkable. A gift to those who read it. A true hero . I have traveled to Milan but now hold it in still higher regard.
 I am rating this book 5 stars because it is written in such a way that the reader is seeing the events unfold in their own eyes.  There have been many accounts of life during WWII but this account is one of the best. Eloquently written and completely descriptive. We have had unsung heroes among us and Pino has left a lasting impression on me.
 I got this for free for my monthly pick because the reviews were good and nothing else appealed to me that month.  Not the type of book I would normally read, but I sure am glad I did!  It was very engaging and painted a very vivid picture that made you feel like you were right there witnessing it.
 Good story a little blood and guts at times.  But probably realistic.
 When I first started reading this my belief was this can't be true.  Maybe a bit here or there but mostly fiction made up by the author but the more I read and became involved I the story I had to finally conclude that this was real.  It was too exciting and hazardous to be made up.<br/><br/>I could not put this book down.  Wish I had known Pino.  What a story.
 This story is almost too amazing to be true. But it is! The young man, Pino, experienced the horrors of Nazi Germans in his home country of Italy. The book is detailed about the occupation of Italy, which is seldom discussed. The book is a love story, a coming-of-age story, an action adventure all during a heartbreaking time in history.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky sets up an unlikely hero, Pino Lalle, who lived the trials and horrors of the war in Italy in a way few others could claim.  He lived on both sides of the story, and lived all of the heartaches brought by war.  He then, like so many WWII heroes, simply never talked about it...until now.
 I loved this book! It's so different from others I have read about WW2. I loved how it's a true story and how many brave people there really are in this world.
 I started this tale with low expectations and was proved wrong. The tale of this heroic young man and the absolute horrors of the Nazis in Italy is just amazing. You cannot help but feel a myriad of emotion throughout the tale. It is very well written and will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole way through.you think you know the ending but you don't.
 This is what happens when authors create fiction from historical fact without awareness of those earlier times. For instance, we read about the Germans clearing the snow from Brenner Pass with a backhoe, a machine not manufactured, even in America, until a few years later. The expression "...until the fat lady sings" was unlikely to have been used in 1940's Italy, as it only became popular in the USA in the 1970's. Factual nitpicking aside (always good for laughs), whether intended or not, the message of this novel is the innate evil of mankind,even when ostensibly well-meaning. I can't help believing this book would have better if it had just stuck to the facts, no embroidery necessary.
 Extremely moving and memorable.  Pino,  came from a family with so much love for each other and their families and then he became a man overnight witnessing incomprehensible inhuman behaviors.  This is history that should never be forgotten.
 It was a great book, I loved it. Amazing that it is a true story.  How Pino survived and went on to live a good life is truly miraculous.  The author wrote the story masterfully and it was very suspenseful and moving.  I did not know the history of Italy during WW II and found it very tragic yet uplifting.  I highly recommend this book
 Excellent other vision of the WWII. Italian’s part of the war . A historic tale with real people.  Very recommended
 The true stories emerging from World War have universal wisdoms about who or what we are: lovers, fighters, loners and helpers. Characters are drawn as full portraits against the backdrop of beauty and horror of wartime Italy.
 This is not a book I would typically read, but I love true stories and it was recommended by a friend. The journey, the heroism, the integrity of this amazing young man took my breath away. What he lived through and all that he saw during that horrific war boggles my mind. I hope this becomes a movie, because if done right, it would give Pino all the recognition he deserves. I will be thinking of his story for a long time....
 The absolute horror of war and the affect it has on people is woven into a gripping story of love and sadness that is gripping and compelling. You would think we could learn, but we inevitably fall short. I pause to imagine how many similar untold stories are out there.
 This was such an intersting and compelling story, hard to put down. I learned so much about the end of the war in northern Italy. It's meticulously researched and has a real life main character that I loved. Highly recommended.
 This was a story that had everything, suspense, emotion, and the horrors of war, love and loss of love. A history lesson of how life changed for those affected by WWII and Nazi occupation of Italy. A true story that brings to life a young mans hopes and dreams, interrupted by the horror of war.
 Both A beautiful love story and a tragic tale of what it was like in Milan during the German occupation. Seeing the war and Holocaust from an Italians perspective , being torn between homeland and conscience, was heart wrenching as well as enlightening. Sullivan’s storytelling is flawless, Pino, a man for all time. Thoroughly enjoyable read.
 Story is a very moving true story of ones love for family a woman, and country during the struggles of war. If your always on the lookout for a gem to read this book is it.. Leave it to Amazon to bring it to us. Author gave us a 10 and surprised it didn't cost more..
 An easily read war memoir.....it's  hard to believe what others experienced during this time yet maintained their humanity through it all. This book explains it all
 Such and eye-opening story.  Full of hope, and life, and tragedy.  The hero of the story led the most amazing and interesting life.  It is great to see his story finally published.  I would be quite surprised if this was not a major motion picture in the next few years.
 Love this books.  I especially love the true story behind the book.  If only there were more people as courageous and selfless.
 A stunning read!!  I couldn't put it down!!  The author captured the remarkable story of Pino Lela in a candid and powerful arch. Loved every minute!!<br/><br/>As an Historian and an Italian American, I was convinced I would easily find fault with this book and quickly dismiss the author. I quickly formed a connection to the story and found myself trying to dig deeper into the history of the time period. Can't wait to see exactly what the future holds for Pino's story!!
 This book moved me like when I read unbroken.  Great story and to know the most of everything I read was true.  Wow!  Great read and thank you for writing this story.
 Extremely well written, factual events and colorful characters.  Bravo!  Thank for making this story come alive in our thoughts and in our hearts!  Superb job!
 Such a vivid presentation of a personal experience. Could not put it down.  The epilogue detailing Pino after the war gives a reality to the story. Loved it
 This is very well written and easy to read. It is a beautiful love story tragically set during WWII.  What is most compelling is that it is a true story. I believe it is important to read true  accounts​ of extreme human hardship .  They help us empathize with  others and offer a different perspective of what true hardship is.
 Loved the book<br/>Well written. Interesting and a moving story. I learned so much about war time in Italy. Had no idea.
 What a powerful story. I became so involved in the characters lives that I cried, smiled, hurt, and felt their pain. Along the way I learned a lot of history. This is a must read book!
 So well written.  Beneath a Scarlet Sky is an immense story of war, violence, love, family, community, and what it was to be a human being tossed about and challenged by great winds of change.
 I both read and listen to this book and found it to be quite understandable and easy to follow. The story is compelling.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book. Did not take long to get interesting and kept the pace for most of it. Only stumbled a few times but never for long. Glad to see this is mostly a true story. Amazing it isn't more well known.
 I thought this was a terrific semi-biography.  The main character if extremely likable. If Amazon does not grab the movie rights and make a movie of this they will be missing the boat.  Real, bigger than life characters like this are far and few between.
 One of my favorite books. Along with BROKEN and THE SHACK. Based on a true story of WW II in Italy. Interesting and a great reminder of the awfulness of war and the true cost of Freedom. A great story!
 My husband &amp; I both totally enjoyed this book.  So much happened in Italy during WWII - most of us had no idea.<br/>Based on 2 real brothers.  We have recommended this book to many friends - everyone has enjoyed it.
 One of the best books I've read in a while.  Italy has always been on the back-burner for me when it came to reading about and learning about WW2.  This was an amazing story how a few people can make a big difference even in a war that big and is every bit as engrossing as any book about the war I've ever read.
 This is a true story of one mans journey living in Italy during WWII. Ha story of courage and love is a must read for history buffs but also for the romantics of the world.
 I don’t typically read accounts of war but I am in interested in history and survival stories. This book hit the mark and reminded me of Unbroken, another favorite book of mine. I thoroughly enjoyed the setting of Italy and the relationships established in the book, it had excellent character development.
 Never really got bored with the story.  Stories about humans overcoming great odds and keeping their composure is always a welcome read. Mark Sullivan is a very good storyteller.
 I loved this book! The author's passion and dedication to research were incredibly apparent. I could not believe the life of this young boy and how his story remained untold for so many decades. Wonderfully written, beautifully told, and worth every minute.
 Story started out a little slow but eventually leads the reader through one tense encounter after another. Lots of twists and turns, especially for a tale based on a true story. History and World War II buffs will find the book particularly compelling. The epilogue about what happened to all the characters after the was was fascinating.
 It was a little slow for me in the beginning, for some reason. However, I couldn't put it down after just a few chapters. The descriptions and understanding created on love and loss were captivating and relatable. I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
 This book held my full attention throughout. It's terrifying, heartbreaking and uplifting all the way through the book. A must read for all!!
 This true story needs to be known to all, young &amp; old alike.  Everyone needs to know how dangerous the world has been and still is ---- and how thankful and inspired we should be to those who risked their lives to save others.  Also, although I am not Catholic, it is shameful that most people do not know how much the Catholic Church did to save jews from Hitler's death camps during WWII.  I have already purchased another copy of the book and given it as a gift to a Catholic friend.  I plan to buy more copies to give to friends &amp; family for years to come!<br/>Bill T.
 I received this book from Kindle First, and although it already had strong reviews, I am enthusiastically happy with how good this book is.  The story follows a 17 year old man beginning in July 1943 in Milan Italy.  The Allied advance has stalled around Rome in its northward push, and the German army is tightening its reins on the remainder of Italy.  Pino, the main character, is part of the Resistance throughout the story, and is a spy acting as a driver for a German general during a large part of the story.<br/>The author, Mark Sullivan, spent almost a decade researching records in the US, Germany and Italy in preparation before writing this book.  With the wealth of factual materials he found, he has written a story that is fast paced, engrossing and one of the best books I've read in years!  I would encourage readers to not miss the preface before starting the story, then the aftermath section once the story is completed.  Both contain research that contributed to the story base.
 Good WW2 novel! Made me want to travel to Northern Italy to see the areas described in detail in the book. It is hard to contemplate the reality of living in a Nazi Germany occupied country, but this book touched my emotions.
 Compelling from the beginning. My husband and I both read it on Kindle and then ordered the hard copy. One of my favorites!
 The author paints Pino Lillos life as though you are living each moment with him. A page turner and historical novel in one. This truly gives us a different perspective of what W W II in Italy was like for its citizens. The horrors and daily life. Pino was truly an unsung hero from early on. I recommend this book for anyone wanting to catch a glimpse of Italian life during the war.
 This is a true story about a young boy (Pino) during WWII in Milan, Italy. Pino is a young boy in Milan with big dreams. Those dreams are shattered when the Nazi's took over Milan. After that, it became a life and death struggle for him and his family and friends to stay alive. The life and death struggles of Pino's family and friends give the meaning of war a new perspective.  I could not put this book down. It made me sad and happy. I am glad I read this book.
 Best book I've read in a long time, adventuresome, loving,romantic, tear jerked, historic without being boring or day, great read
 Could not put book down.  I have seen and read a lot about WW2 but this was from the Italian view.  I can't wait until the movie is made and release.  And it will be.
 This was an incredibly emotional journey, and I feel honored to have been brought along.  Not many books can stick with you, but I feel like I'll remember this story for the rest of my life.  Learning that this was based on a true story made it mean so much more.
 This was a terrific book and so busy.  It is one that is hard to put down and you want to know what will happen next.
 This is a good historical novel about the complex era of Italian resistance in World War II. It's written in blockbuster style, with occasional purple passages and historically accurate,but flat, characters. The story drags here and there, and, as with war itself, I kept looking forward to its end.
 I woke up the day after I finished the book wishing there was more to read. I am a big fan of historical novels and this one did not disappoint. The story of "Pino" was fascinating and at times gut wrenching. This young man was selfless in his mission to make a difference for his beloved country during WWII. Mark Sullivan's dedication to telling this story is more then evident by his ability to fill the reader with love and hate for his characters. This is more than worth a few hours of your time reading and the hours you will spend thinking of it afterwards.
 I think the historical aspect of this is interesting however it felt like young adult read.  Not impressed.  Cannot believe the number of 4 and 5 star reviews.  It just shows that bestseller lists don't always contain quality literature.
 A story of war family and love intertwined from page one until the end.<br/>It is a cleared picture of WWII in Italy and the struggles of it's people to survive,while not always knowing the right path to take.
 Surely, a very memorable book - well written, at times the story seems incredible - however, war is cruel, people become monsters,<br/>and there are incredibly bad and incredibly good people emerging during such times.  Well researched and written with compassion.<br/>A book that has to be read a second time, to relieve these unbelievable events.
 What an incredible book! This was one of the best books I've ever read. Please find me more like it. A real page turner from beginning to end.
 This is an account of a young man’s bravery, loss, and love during WW2. He was an unseen Italian hero.
 I read this book in about 3 days. It is a captivating and exciting story beautifully written and told by the author. Just when you think you couldn't possibly read another book about ww2 that will fill you with shock, devastation, and awe. Pino Lella is one amazing hero.
 Quite simply - I didn't want this book to end.  Compelling. Thought-provoking. Never forget the atrocities that Jews suffered at the hands of the Nazis nor the heroes that helped many and a few escape or survive. And above all, live each day as if it is your last.
 Beautifully descriptive writing that took me through every emotion possible. I couldn't put it down. So grateful for this book and all those who were involved in actual events trying to do what they could to help each other survive unimaginable events. Thank you to Mr. Sullivan for researching and writing the best book I've read in years. I've been recommending it to everyone.
 This is one of my favorite books told by a person who experienced all of the atrocities and the triumpts of those terrible years of war happening in Italy.  Very captivating book and hard to put aside.  I would definitely recommend this book.
 Very interesting story about the hero and others during WWII.<br/>Well written.<br/>It is difficult to imagine to continue with a regular life after all the horrors the main character has experienced.
 I read this on my Kindle and bought the Paperback for my husband who is a vet. Couldn't put it down myself, I am hoping he likes it just as much.
 I knew very little about the German occupation in Italy, this true story puts you right in the middle of the Second World War, the suffering, the little help the people received. What was really surprising for me was that many of the methods used by nazis were used by the Roman Impire. I highly recommend this book. I enjoyed it a lot, it also made me cry.
 This is a stirring story of intrigue, full of lessons about life during the horrible fog of war. While there are clearly good and clearly evil characters, there are many who fall in between, just as in our own lives.
 With the help of Audio, I was able to finish this wonderful Novel, I give it a 5 star rating because it was well written and so hard to put down. So with Audio I could listen when I couldn't read anymore . Thank you for this story, I love history, and this story told me a lot. I felt as if I was living it with Pino, I felt his pain and losses.
 A very well written history of a bleak time, graphically depicting the horrors of war and man's inhumanity to man.  But through the horrors you meet many heroes and you will love the central character who lived through so much.
 Superb!  The author tells a well written and engrossing story, that is really incredible to be a part of.  The downside is that given the heaviness of some of the subject matter you have to push through to find out what happens.  It is still a great book and well worth reading, it just can be heavy at times.
 Starts out a bit slow and odd but once it got moving I had trouble putting it down. I chuckled and cried and wondered how a person could stand the ups and downs and adrenaline on a daily basis. The loss and love was felt through the entire story.
 Very informative about a part of WWII that I didn't know much about.  Inspirational and you just want to KNOW the character and learn about his incredible spirit.
 An incredible story of survival in a time in history where survival was not an option. A chunk of a story about a young man’s life and his recount of the Nazis occupation in Italy. The brutality and horror of what went on during the occupation is an eye opener. A must read because just when you think you know you don’t.
 I found myself thoroughly engrossed in this book but would still like clarity as to the  story behind Leyers. Also, why is this book called a novel?
 What a moving tale with accurate historic details and the right amount of license taken with the fiction. The story of Pino Lello deserved to be told
 One of the best books I’ve read this year! I didn’t want to put it down. Knowing that my mother in law wAs living in Italy during this time made me understand her so much more. What a powerful story!
 it brings to light many of theclittle known details of the war in Italy.  Very well researched - even the battle of Monte Castelo, taken by a Brazilian Army  division, is mentioned.  Good reading.
 Did the story really ever end? Was it all truly revealed? I feel I understand better why soldiers 'don't want to talk about it'! So many atrocities that no one was held accountable for so my peace comes from knowing the Almighty has seen it ALL. And vengeance is HIS!
 I could not put this book down. Thank you for researching such a wonderful real life drama and shining a light onto Pino Letta. Wonderful!
 I loved this book.  Hated to put it down and couldn't wait to pick it up again.  There were so many things happening, I just wanted to see what was next.  Definitely worth reading!
 Very good book.  It's another view of the horrific things that went on during World War II and a story about how a young man, and his family and friends, risked their lives and made a difference in their opposition to the German attacks.
 I came away with a greater understanding of WWII. The loss is staggering and the way this story ends is simply overwhelming.
 What a great book! It is always interesting to me to read stories of ordinary people who do extraordinary things. And this story is true! I highly recommend!
 I first read this book borrowed from a lending library while on vacation. Only to have it re surface again as a free book on Amazon prime. The story is fast captivating unbelievable all the while seeming completely true. I would read it again to gain even more  insight and enjoy details that I missed before.
 Well written. I couldn’t put it down. At times you feel like you are there. Loved it , he did a wonderful job.
 One of the best historical fiction books I've ever read.  I really had no idea how hard hit Milan was by WW2.  I really felt for all the characters and could picture the scenes vividly in my mind and my heart.  Well done.  You really are a genuine author of the first class.
 Not many stories  written based on th  Italian perspective..of World war 2 so the  story engaged me- I just never fell in love with the characters in time to connect with them. I kept going to see the<br/>  end- a worthwhile read.
 This was an outstanding account of the attrosities of WWII in Italy.  This book brought out the horrible practice of the Germans using slave labor, not only of Jews but of any captured group still able to work. Death by deprivation of food, water,  sleep and rest was evidently common.
 This story is all the more remarkable because it's true, and the main character a real life -action hero.  It's one of the few stories I've read about Italy in WW2, and a page turner for sure.  This is a true story, well researched and told in compelling detail. It is not a literary masterpiece, but a gut-wrenching true saga of real people.
 Born at the end of WWII, I knew only stories from movies.  Even my high school education did not touch on studies of that war.  What a shame for me, but in recent years books have opened my eyes to war destroying so many lives and at what a cost.  This book revealed with so much heart the lives of the people who sought to survive and at what cost.  It is a compelling read.
 An amazing narrative; stunning.  (And interestingly, the narrative voice changed as the protagonist matured.)
 Based  on a real life story the book is captivating and so enjoyable. All the characters, especially the main one, Pino, are amazing in what they did, went through and survived. Highly recommend!
 Engaging story of a teenager in Milan Italy prior to the war and his activities during the war. A very personal story of his family, friends, Nazis, spies and love of his life. I recommend to history buffs and just interested readers like me. True story about real people.
 Reading this beautifully written book gave me insight and understanding into what had happened in Italy during WWII. It both won my heart and broke my heart. The characters came alive and the descriptions of the beauty of Italy were breathtaking.<br/><br/>When we meet Pino Lella, he is loving his life, his family and his country. As WWII came to Italy, Pino's life began to change and it never stopped changing.<br/><br/>Through a complicated arrangement, Pino enlisted as a German soldier and became a personal driver for a high ranking German official, General Leyers. General Leyers always seemed to be playing a game of favors and shadows.<br/><br/>The war had left devastating and deep scars all through Italy; on it's buildings, it's landscape and it's people.<br/><br/>After living through and observing the never ending brutalities of war, Pino came to realize that the Nazi's were not the only savages. During and immediately after the war, death was indiscriminate and pervasive and yet strangely exclusive.<br/><br/>Pino witnessed and suffered loss after heartbreaking loss. He had to continually find new reasons to choose life and living.<br/><br/>Pino was given many years on this earth. Years filled with youth and adventure, bravery and heartache, love and passion, surprises and changes, and choices and consequences.<br/><br/>Such a well written book that was obviously a labor of love for the author. This was a story that needed to be told, experienced and remembered. I don't think that I will ever forget Pino Lella.<br/><br/>I received a copy of this book through a GoodReads giveaway.
 Well written. Informative, fills in much understanding of why history is so silent on Nazi Italy. Suspenseful. Once again portrays the "greatest generation". Billed as a novel, this is a true account of an amazing individual.
 Historical war movie with gripping storyline, characters, family and love. Never wanted to put it down. Author is skilled in making every part relative and necessary. Don't recall any parts I skimmed to get on with the story. Hope to find other works by this author!
 Written very well.  You can feel the war.<br/>Highly recommend. Great story written by a great author who was an amazing listener.
 Good historical account of Northern Italy during World War II. This is a first hand account of a young man tryng to help his countrymen during te German occupation of Italy. While there are some inconsistencies, the histroy reads like a novel.
 I began this read with no preconception of the author or his works.  The book was offered at an excellent price and appealed to me because of the historical content; it kept my interest by virtue of the story having never been told before.  The drama held me because you can never quite guess the outcome of a true story.  Excellent true life tale!
 I had trouble thinking of reading of the atrocities of war, of which I am repulsed. However, the more I read, the more I was intrigued and had to finish it. The courage and tenacity of the young men is a tribute to their generation.
 A bit dense style that one gets used to and then a extraordinary story that does not disappoint.<br/>Beneath a Scarlet Sky reminded me of A Farewell to Arms by Hemingway.<br/>Not for Danielle Steele readers!
 Very interesting. I knew little about Italy during WW11. I learned a lot thought the story was very good but I wasn't thrilled with the writing style.
 History based, great depth of characters. Shows evil and good coexisting in the same person.  Hard to put it dow.
 A well written and engaging story.  The actions and settings were so vividly rendered; having lived in Milan, I thought I was there again.<br/>This story, based on real-life experiences during a significant historical time, should be made into a movie.
 This was a story of courage and heartache during wartime Italy. The hardships are detailed from the mountains to Milan.  It is a page -turner until the last chapter.  The Aftermath tells the rest of the story and surprising revelations.  What a brave true story.
 Loved the book. Have read many book s on the 2nd world war this is great because it takes place in Italy.
 Loved this book. Ordered for my 16 yo son and everyone in the family wound up reading it. Heart wrenching at times but great book, looked forward every night to reading. A real page turner. Learned a lot about ww2 Italy/France
 Mark Sullivan offers a beautifully written fictionalized account of the true story of Lello's bravery during the Nazi occupation of Milano in WWII.
 This book was amazing and mind blowing. I had no idea of how intense things were in Italy during WWII. The way it was written kept me wanting to read more unlike typical non-fiction, which I struggle to finish. I highly recommend this book to anyone with an interest in WWII history.
 One cannot imagine the horrors and heartbreak of such dark and raw time in history. You can't help but constantly cheer on the heroics of Pino and then agonize over the tremendous loss he must accept and move on. An excellent account of the war torn days, weeks and years of suffering in Italy at the hands of the Nazis and Fascists.
 One of the most amazing real life stories you will ever read! Sullivan write of the real life story of an Italian boy, on the cusp of manhood, who is thrusted into the wrong place at the wrong time but turns his predicament around for the good of the Nazi resistance movement in Italy. It’s a must read before the movie comes out.
 The research that has gone into this book is amazing. The ability to weave the results into a gripping tale of life during the war in Italy is sublime. How anyone remained sane after witnessing the atrocities inflicted is a miracle. If you are not moved emotionally whilst reading this book then you are inhuman. A must read.
 I cannot even conceive, really, of the world described in this book. It could be science fiction. It could be as if for a time they reversed the laws of physics. How could mankind do this. The book is simply wonderful. The story is humbling.
 A tale told so as to allow you to feel like you are there with the characters living their history.  Amazing to think "this actually happened" to real people.  Truly appreciated knowing what happened to everyone after the war ended.  Thank you for that.
 I was afraid this story of WWII would be a total downer, and while there certainly were many tales of complete devastation, both physically and psychologically, it is also a beautiful story of  man’s passions, loves and loyalties.  Highly recommended.
 An incredible story, well told.  Didn’t know what to expect when I first started reading, but the story really pulled me in, going from the carefree life of a young man through his rapid maturation to a war hero.
 A bit different book, written as a biography but listed as fiction. In places it was a real page turner. Overall a fascinating story. My only objection to the book was that the main character was just too good. He made the almost impossible happen time and again and you almost could see him saying aww shucks ma'am, twernt nothin. Still, a book I would highly recommend!
 This is a wonderful way to view history, in this case Italy at during the later stages of Wold War II.  It is history by interview and is therefore much more real than history by footnote.  I found the book hard to put down.
 I am about 63% through this book on my kindle. It's so good that I can hardly put it down. It's a historical fiction story about an Italian young man of 18 who acted as a hero. He was extensively interviewed in his 80s by the author so much of the story is true according to his memory. The story is one of the best I have read in a long time!
 An exciting page turner!  A stunning perspective from WWII, dealing with Italy and its fight against both Mussolini and Hitler.  A story of bravery, spies, and unending love found in the midst of war.  Based on a true story about the unexpected heroes.  Really, a must read.
 Wow, this is nearly the best book I've ever read. I'm surprised I even started it because I have never enjoyed reading historical stories. But this story is so intriguing and exciting. The characters are so real to the reader. Probably because they are real people, but written so well by the author.  I got so involved in the characters' emotions and laughed and cried and felt enraged and fell in love right along with them. The story gave me much more perspective on what our ancestors experienced during WWII.
 I liked the visuals this author created in my mind! Excellent portrayal of the effects of war on a young person. The damage done to relationships follow an individual throughout life--the war never ends in that sense.
 I used to read historical fiction often, but not for years. This book was well worth braking that reluctance. I was held mesmerized by this tale which captures the spirit of a young man, life, and war.
 This is an action packed tale with twists and turns everywhere! This beautifully written tragedy accounting is beyond comprehension. I am left moved beyond words. Thank you for writing this story.  It makes me wonder how many more incredibly tragic stories about this tine in history are still left untold.
 This is a reminder that history is written by the powerful or those in charge. It is technical or textbook. Through personal stories, history comes alive, giving new perspective to history learned. It becomes human and emotional. War is horrible. When we see others compassion override the hate and unjust, as we see in this story, we have faith in humankind again.
 A gripping,emotional recount of one young man's journey through one of our Worlds most saddest times. The story of Pino had me riveted (and at times in tears).<br/><br/>Please read this book. It will help you to remember our humanity which is so lacking in today's world.
 This was an amazing story told in graphic detail about one courageous young man and his role in the partisans fight against the Nazi occupiers of Italy during World War II. Based on a true story but its embellishment as historical fiction made it a compelling awesome read. The author provides a gift to the reader at the end when he summarizes the lives of the main characters after the war ended. I gave this 5 stars but would guve it 6 if it were possible.
 No holds barred account of Italy in world war 2<br/>Very passionate and emotional<br/>Faith, love and life exposed in a most horrific time
 The author is not a great writer but he is a good story teller and this story, fiction based on a real person and his extraordinary life in northern Italy during WW2, is one of those cases where truth is more impressive than fiction.  This book should appeal to both war history fans and those who like stories of the best and worst of human nature.
 this is an amazing true story that I have recommended many times.
 O was recommended this book. It was very intense and very realistic. Be prepared to cry. I knew very little about Italy during the war. Excellent book.
 WOW! This would be an unbelievable story but it's not a story. It's TRUE.We  too often forget what people endured during WW2. And this man ... just a boy at the time .... endured SO much. Loved the book. Heartbreaking true story of one young man's amazing bravery and sacrifice
 An Amazon recommendation, I'm glad I ordered it as it was an engrossing read. Historically informative and easy to read,it was an enjoyable read.
 One of the best reads I've had in long time. It's story is based on true events and Pino the protagonist is endearing.
 A wonderful book, you cant put it down! Written as if I was making every step with Pino. You can visualize his words!
 I enjoyed this story, and that it is based on truth makes it even better. I liked the main character and although some characters were representative - all good or all bad - it was not so clear with the main characters. I recommend it, especially if you like historical fiction.
 If you're into a good story that has truth ringing through it and transports you to a different era then this is for you. Wonderfully told, emotionally wrenching. Loved it !
 I almost returned this book because the first few chapters are not so great, but then the book quickly gets better as you unravel the beautiful story of the life of Pino. Unforgettable.
 I love military history but really didn't realize this story is based on a true story, really historical fiction until the end! I couldn't put the book down and truly hoped Pino would live in happiness with his first love.  Until I read this book, I didn't realize how the struggles in Italy have been overlooked.
 What an emotional educational book. Great character development and loved every page. Interesting to hear of the war from Italy.
 One of the best books I’ve read in a very long time. Truly heartbreaking but such a powerful story that needs to be heard. I’m about to read this for the second time!
 I couldn't stop reading this.  The writing is beautiful.  The story horrible.  It was WWII.  The atrocities the humans can do to one another is amazing.  That love lasts, equally amazing.
 Since there are thousands of reviews of this book, I'll merely say that it was an excellent WWII story based on the life of Pino Lella in Milano.<br/>I could not put it down!
 A remarkable book filled with all the intrigue, passion, and pain of WWII.  MARK SULLIVAN does an excellent job with a story more than 70 years old.  The blend of historical fact and author's imagination work together seamlessly.  A must read for WWII buffs, but also appeals to all readers.
 Based on a true story, this is an amazing adventure set in Nazi-occupied Italy. A young man uses mountaineering, skiing, and driving skills to outwit the Nazis and resist their power, but not without losses of his own.
 This semi biographical novel about the life of Pino Lella was an absolute page-turner. Pino’s life was both fascinating and tragic, and his tale of bravery and living a life of fulfillment were very inspiring. The book also includes interesting details about war time Italy, a forgotten theater of that war.
 Not since "The Nightengale" have I been so captivated by a story and its characters.  Pino Lella was a typical Italian teenager until the second World War turned his world upside down. The courage of this young man amidst the horrors he witnessed and the unimaginable losses he endured took my breath away.  The Catholic underground railroad to bring Jews to safety in Switzerland, and the legions of slaves the Nazis used were just a sample of things I learned about the war from this book.  Mark Sullivan is a gifted writer, and he told Pino's story exactly the way it had to be told.  I loved this book, and I will never forget it.
 I thought the basic idea was interesting and downloaded the book. Mark Sullivan does an excellent job of bringing to life the mostly nonfictional character Pino Lella, and understanding the times in which he and others in Italy lived. My wife read the book after I did, and was also just as enthusiastic about it. She had trouble putting it down, and was sorry to have it end.
 One of the best novels, based on fact, that I have read in a long time.<br/>I learned so very much about a part of the Nazi regime in Italy that I never knew.<br/>This story via book on tape, was a port in the storm for long travels.
 What an incredible tale to encounter! Mark notes that there are bits where he needed to create the tale drawing from the many strands of Pino's recollections, witness recollections, archival research, etc. But where those bits are in his telling, I cannot say because they're woven into the cloth so well. A fascinating read that captivated me. In the end, Pino is a man I wish I'd had the chance and pleasure to meet.
 I enjoyed this book as much as the subject manner allows. It gave me pause to consider the war from a perspective I've yet to have done.  If you can get past the dark subject, you will find this book quite interesting.
 I enjoyed every minute that I spent with this book.  It was not one that I would have ever chosen on my own, but I am so glad that Amazon offered it as a prime book of the month.  I had little understanding of Italy and it's part in world war II.<br/>Good book and very well written.
 A wonderful, exciting story of war and love with an ending you will never expect or think is right. A story of a young mans love for a women and a young mans hate for his superior. A story of espionage during the occupation of Italy by the Germans and the acts of horror performed by the Nazis. A story of the impact of war on a family and its friends. Very moving.
 This was a very good and interesting book about the personal story of a young Italian man and his heroism during the fall of Hitler and Musillini in Italy. Excellently written and I loved the epilogue and finding out what happened to the main characters in real life.  I am not a history buff at all, but I loved this book.
 One of the best books I’ve read in the past couple of years !! Well written by an author invested in introducing a period of history and recounting an amazing story. Props!!
 There were times the story seemed a little over the top, but it held me like glue. I think anyone would enjoy it.
 Fascinating and thrilling tale, despite the bestseller/potboiler writing style. Holds special interest for me, having family from the area, some of whom are still alive to recall the events of this horrendous period in Northern Italy.
 I found this to be a fantastic story! I was drawn in immediately by the main character, a happy go lucky, teen in Italy. As the story develops he finds himself deeper and deeper in the middle of WWII. I could feel the emotion he must have felt through his interpersonal relationships as the war went on. As the story drew to a close I found myself wanting to know more! I read the information at the end regarding what happened to the people after the war, and Pino was an amazing individual! I can only imagine what it must have been like to sit down and talk with him as the author of this book.<br/><br/>I'm the type of reader that doesn't really give a book a chance, if I don't like it by the end of the first chapter then I won't finish it. This one was a binge worthy read, at night before bed, coffee breaks, lunch breaks, I had to know what would happen next.
 A moving and heart felt tale of life.  It speaks to my soul...and what is really important in this life.  It is a history we share.
 I am not normally a reader of war stories, but the reviews encouraged me to give it a try.  This novel is riveting!  I became completely engrossed in Pino's incredible story.  It made me think and feel, and the story continues to linger with me.  The writing was excellent.  I not only enjoyed being entertained by the story, but I believe I learned from it as well.
 Absolutely excellent--true stories are the best, and this is certainly one.
 This a good book. I learned some things I didn't know about Italy's persecution under Hitler. The boom gets long and I was a .little disappointed in how it just sort of faded out at the end. But, all in all a good book.
 I loved this book. It was a history of one man's life doing what he can for the war effort, and a love story with a sad ending.  A story of true<br/>It's a story of true love over a life time and a story of a man who didn't want t talk about his experience during World War II saying he did want a one would do.  I wish I could have met Pino Lella.
 The fact that this is a true story will stick with you long after you finish the last page. Incredible tale of bravery and love.
 True recounting of the life of an Italian boy turned into a man during WWII. His courage and love will live with the reader long after the book is finished.
 I enjoyed this book far more than I thought I would .  It truly held my attention through the whole book.  It is not the type of book I ordinarily read.  It had a little bit of everything, from intrigue, danger, love and the war.  Great read.
 Was not aware until I completed the book that it was based on a true story.  Very well written,  you feel like you were right there with Pino Lello<br/> through all his great happiness and horrific sorrows. Simply loved the guy.
 Such a well-written, interesting and amazing story that's based on a real-life person!  Totally enjoyable, with suspense, intrigue, grit and perseverance.  If you like the Nightengale, you'll enjoy this more knowing it's a true story!
 What an incredible story - I felt I was along on Pino's entire journey - including his decision not to take Pan Am flight 103 - that was my Pan Am flight attendant daughter's regular flight but she was changed to an earlier flight at the last minute. They both would have perished had fate not stepped in. Mr. Sullivan, your research opened up a whole new history lesson for me. Thank you for making history come alive for me! I could hardly put the book down!
 Most amazing story of one man’s fight against Hitler and how he helped save many Jews from capture, leading them to safety over the Alps. A story of courage and unspeakable horror and sadness.
 This is an excellent novel, loosely based on true facts and some fiction. It describes the life of a young Italian boy and his life as the war progresses into Italy, his loves and losses and his tale of survival
 I used to be an avid reader and haven’t completed a book in Years. This book captured and maintained my attention and I finished it in a week.  Anyone who likes WWII novels will enjoy the twists and turns of this story of a boy facing a forced manhood.
 You will not waste a single penny reading this extremely well written account of  compassion, determination,  bravery, and intrigue during the Natzi German occupation of Italy during World War Two. A child grow into manhood and risks his life to aide people of the Jewish faith to escape the horrors of Hitler to the safety of Switzerland.  Pino the main character exposes himself to deeper and deeper dangers each day as the war in Italy drags on.
 Great read, intriguing combo of history and emotional lives in it! Pino's story during WW2 is compelling and revealing, yet so heart wrenching. The highs and lows will make you laugh, cry, fume with anger at the senseless tragedy all the while, hungering for the story to resolve.
 I love historical fiction, but this was even better because it read like fiction, but it was a true story. I learned a lot and really enjoyed reading this book. I would very strongly recommend it. A fabulous book!
 I really liked that it was action packed.  I didn't like that, because it's a war story, some bad things happen. It was well written and definitely held my interest. , I don't read war stories.
 I have read so little about the Italian experiences in Italy during WWII.  This is well told with never a dull moment.  A next to unbelievable story of all aspects of what "man" can do during war.
 Talk about  connection to a character. And what a great story. Action packed, but from a more adolescent  standpoint which allows the reader to easily enter the story. One adventure after another transforming a boy into a man prematurely.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky has all the adventure, suspense and heartfelt romance a reader could want. It doesn't descend into unbelievable fantasy, but takes the reader through a period of history in a realistic way. The horrors of war are tempered with the sweet romance of first love for our hero.
 So great that the author shed light on what would’ve remained an untold story of an honest to goodness hero.  Makes one wonder how many other heroes we see every day in their WWII, Korea, Vietnam, Gulf War, and present day military caps and have no idea of what they faced abroad.  All heroes in my “book”. Thanks for this great story!!!
 This was so good.  He was quite a guy, born at the right time to do so much for the war effort.  I particularly liked the part when he skied the violin player down the mountain!!  What a ride!  At the end, when the general revealed he knew his code name, one wonders for how long did he know that.  All in all, one of the best World War II reads for me!!
 What a wonderful story, I did not want it to end. Pino was quite a special person. Hard to believe all he did and with such humility. Well written, very well edited and well researched. Highly recommend. I couldn't put it down.
 Enjoyed the read thoroughly. The author has the ability of making you feel part of Pino’s trials and adventures. And the meeting with some of the players and with Pino himself gives the reader a clear picture of this character, solidifying the story. A great rounding off almost like watching a long movie and the lights coming on in the theater. A good stretch is appropriate I think.
 It’s not for the feint of heart, this book. Parts of it remind me of Hemingway’s A Farewell to Arms, which also was set in Italy in a different world war. Pino Lella had been helping Jews escape from Italy to Switzerland. He was about to turn eighteen and be drafted into the Italian army. Instead he enlists in the German army and ends up being General Leyer’s chauffer which then causes him to be recruited by the intelligence arm of the Italian resistance. Most Italians think he is a traitor, not knowing that, in reality, he is a hero taking a great risk for his countrymen. One of his few confidants is Leyer’s maid and Pino’s lover, Anna. The risk becomes even greater, and the action even more tense the closer it gets to an allied victory. The characters in this book are real, and the tale closer to what really happened than is usual in historical fiction.
 Loved this book - brought tears to my eyes.  I also liked that Mark Sullivan wrote an update about the lives of the people in this book.  My own father was stationed in Italy during WWII, but he never spoke of his time there.  I now have a better understanding and appreciation for the men and woman who lived it.  Looking forward to the movie.  Bravo Mr. Sullivan.
 Loved the writing style.  Did not know I was reading a true story. The epilogue and the research involved was outstanding.
 This book captured my attention from start to finish, which is hard to do.  It’s a beautifully written novel about an ugly part of history.  The very last line in the book brought tears to my eyes and left me wishing I could have met Pino Lella.  Do yourself a favor and read this book.
 One of the most interesting books I have read in a long time.  I highly recommend it, especially to teen-aged boys as well as adults. The historical background reinforces what we should have learned in school.
 Without a doubt, the best book I have read this year. I learned a lot about WW II in Italy. The author is very descriptive, making it easy for the reader to place himself in the Alps struggling to make way over snow and ice while trying to avoid detection. It is a story of heroism and the lengths those in a war torn people will go through to survive. A book that I found difficult to put down.
 The author's storytelling of one man's role to help his country in WW!!. Couldn't put the book down.  Mark Sullivan makes history come alive.
 Novel or memoir, it was an exciting read. So much happens to one individual that at times I thought I might be reading a compilation of several individuals' adventures. I was reading about an extraordinary time period. I finally decided that the hero's story was indeed plausible.
 Just a fabulous, riveting read. Like in real life, not every strand of this amazing story is tied off. But there is enough to figure out what happened. War is messy business and this story gives proof to that notion in beautiful prose and and vivid imagery. One of the best books I have read in years.
 A very comfortable read.  Description delightfully carries the reader through the Alps, or cities of Italy or the familial places of characters' homes.  Danger lurks everywhere and is felt through each line Mark Sullivan writes.  The reader struggles to survive along with the characters of the book. I enjoyed how this story was written although any story retelling the fate of those during WW II is compelling of itself.
 This story was compelling from the start. It gives a very real sense of the War in an area not much understood. Pino lives and breathes on these pages as do many of the family and friends of this amazing man. I especially appreciated the followup of various people. The research is phenomenal.  Thank you Mr. Sullivan for a truly outstanding read.
 A compelling story.  Very good historic fiction based on a true story.  Most of the characters in the book were real.  Interesting to learn more about Italy's role in WWII.
 There are thouands of storied experiences from WWII that were never shared because they wanted to be forgotten. My own father a Veteran of WWII kept his inside as well. It took over 70 years for Pino Lella to feel comfortable enough to share this story. I felt privileged to read of this incredible experience that now will not be forgotten. Not only was it a wonderful engaging story, but it was so well written it was hard to put down.
 Intriguing story, beautifully written, kept me engaged from start to finish! Hard to fathom this book is based on a true story, yet written with such humanity and grace it couldn't possibly be otherwise. Loved this book!
 It's hard for me to read stories about Hitler &amp; the horrid atrocities against the Jews. I know it is part of history but nonetheless it is difficult and emotional to open up our minds to those times. I found the book very interesting, keeping my attention at all times. I understand the author having to piece together so many events. Whether they were true facts at the time is a  question that may never be answered. I highly recommend this book, not only for the historic elements but looking through the glass at human kind of another century.
 Written as a novel because some facts were missing, this brutal yet personal story of a young Italian man caught in WW 2 is unbelievable.  It is shocking and emotional.  Great read.  If every person had their life history written on their back.....  WGF
 Great book well written I recommend u read this book can't wait for the movie to come out  wow
 For those of us born in the aftermath of WWII, who grew up knowing some of the heroes (survivors) of the war and a few of the tales they shared while leaving most untold, I appreciate even more this story of doing what is right against those who seek to put others in slavery or worse. ISIS is the new Nazi war.  We can learn from history just how totally ruthless people can be.
 What a  great book and an amazing story of a youth who sacrifices so much for his country.  War does not always provide the setting for "everybody lives happily ever after."
 I couldn't put it down.  Fast paced, kept my stomach in a knot.  Well written, information historical fiction.  Hard to find a book so well written by a writer that is still alive!
 World War 2, Northern Italy, the forgotten war.<br/>Based on true events.<br/>Read the book during one weekend, Saturday, Sunday.<br/>Warning....  extremely difficult to break away from reading.
 Best book I've read in years. Sucks you in on the first page and never lets go. You feel like you're living the story.
 Unique perspective of a clever &amp; industrious young man coming to age during WWII in Milan. Thank you, Pino
 This was a truly enjoyable novel. The author captured the Italian culture brilliantly and created a vivid picture of Milan during the war. The characters, their perspectives, behaviors and speech ring with authenticity. I highly recommend; I couldn’t put the book down until the story was done!
 The story alone is worth the read for its flow and movement and crescendo, but even more impressive was the afterword for me; the story was just not a "true story" in plot and content, but the characters were all real live people, each wi h a story worhy of its own telling.  I loved it all, but especially my surprise to read the ending to find out how all these colorful and touching characters lived out their lives after the war.  Wonderful read.
 Am excellently written book about World War II and a previously little known hero of the Italian  War in the Alps and Milan. It also tells of  the brave people who quietly labored to save Italian Jews and the Italian people from Hitler and Mussolini.
 a well written story.  hard to put down. hard hitting and never a dull moment.  i can recall hearing radio broadcasts every day at suppertime.  even though i did not understand all the implications at age three and four, seeing the serious expressions on my parents faces i knew better than to interrupt. thanks for putting so much effort into this book.  it shows.
 The story has all the raw emotions and tragic situations that shaped the people and the world both during and after the war. Hopeful, sad, scary, touching and full of love and expectations. This is a wonderful story that is skillfully told. I'd read it again.
 Great story, mediocre writing. When you read a really great book, the writing seems almost invisible. With this book, I kept banging up against the amateur prose. If you've got extra time, a fine story, but Lok elsewhere if you want a good novel.
 This was a very well written book that told the story of WW2 from the perspective of an Italian - very gripping.
 It was a real page turner and I didn’t want it to end. It’s filled with love on many levels - Pino and Anna, Pino and his family and Pino and Father Re. There are also lovely friendships. In amongst all this is the tragedy of war and the way Pino negotiates his way through this. I would highly recommend this book.
 this was a really poignant story told from the perspective of a young Italian man during world War 2. I found a lot of the descriptions and personal details fascinating and gripping. Great listening on my commutes!
 Little did I know when I ordered/began this book on kindle just how much I was going to enjoy it or how much of a saga I had gotten into.<br/>I am so happy I have learned about Pino, his life, adventures, bravery, and the times the story takes place in Italy. I actually cried when I read about Anna.<br/>This book will stay with me for a long time.<br/>Thank you Mark Sullivan.
 This book was great at every turn!  I thoroughly enjoyed it and was a little bit bummed that it had to end.  What a story!!  I never learned about this part of the Nazi occupation of Italy.  I would read this again or recommend to anyone.  I think this is one of those books where you recognize different things each time you read it.
 Having just returned from the Milan, Lake Como area the place these areas played in the war helped to make the book very interesting.  The book also showed the difficult position Italy was in and the conflicts presented. I was interested also in how the Catholic monks were able to get the threatened people over the border into Switzerland through the Alps.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read. Interesting from the beginning to the end.
 What an incredible story. Pino is a brave man with an amazing story to tell. I loved this story.
 This biography is set apart from the others about WWII. Pino's voice about his experience in Italy is passionate about fighting for life. He tried to outwit the senseless evils of the time and found  the love of his life. It is a miracle that he survived. It seems conceited to rate someone's life story, but it is well written and the story is important especially with the current rise in fascism.
 I loved how this book kept my interest peaked most of the time. Always wanting to know, what happens next. Sometimes had to hold my breath! Loved the characters.
 I loved this book and Pino’s story. I highly recommend it to everyone. I only caution against the authors prose, style of writing. A bit too simple for such a powerful story. I kept waiting for the gut wrenching sentence that would send my emotions over the edge but it was almost like oh, ok, that person died, or that happened. Needed more “gusto”.  Regardless, read this book. Def worth it
 Knowing this is a "true" story is what makes this such a compelling read. HAD to get to the next chapter.<br/>The character descriptions were explicit.....I could "see" the character as I read about him/her.<br/>Probably deserves a "5 star" but I judge everything as compared to "A Tale of Two Cities".
 Fabulous, moving history of WWII in Italy, Beneath a Scarlet Sky will not disappoint. Working as a spy against the Germans, Pino Lello places himself in danger to help his beloved Italy. Along the way, he meets his beautiful Anna, the love of his life. This book is a reminder of Hitler's atrocities and how his own people followed his madness. But more than that, this  book is about the kindness and character of a young man named Pino.
 I read this book because I have a daughter and son-in-law living there.  The Italian people fought hard against the Nazi.  This is an excellently researched and written book.  I enjoyed it more than most I've read recently.  Highly recommend it!
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. I've read many WWII stories, but never one based in occupied Italy. This story is based in fact and a reconstruction of events as imagined by the author, making for compelling reading and a great story. History and fiction blended together to present a different point of view. A quick and easy read that you won't want to put down.
 A riveting true story of Italy in WW11 told with freshness and insight.  Pino Lella ‘s experiences offer glimpses into the horror of Nazi atrocities.  The courage and humanity of this fascinating young man give readers hours of good reading.  Historical novel at its’ finest.
 A riveting story told with an intensity that at times made it hard to continue without taking a deep breathe. Remarkable insight into the Nazi occupation of Italy in the final two years of WW II—conflicted alliances, heroism and human love. While a fiction by definition, it was closely based on a remarkable true story, and the author thankfully wraps up his story by updating the outcome of everyone after the war. A MUST READ.
 Completely unexpected how good this book was, having head many books on WWII this was from a completely different point of view. A very nice surprise.. highly recommend.
 This book is addictive.  I started to read this book on a plane to Lax Vegas.  The story was so good that I credit this book in saving me money, in that instead of spending time in the casino floor I was reading this book.
 An incredible journey of a young man's life during the Nazis take over of Italy. Unbelievable courage at every turn from helping Jews escape over the Alps to becoming a Generals driver and spy. A love story that makes you happy with a tragic end that brings tears.  Pino's story will be one of my favorites.
 This is the best depiction of the events in Italy during WWII I have ever read.  It is well researched with fully developed characters.  Much has been written about France and England during the war, leaving Italy less covered .  This book makes up for that.  I cannot recommend it more highly.  It is superbly written and holds the reader's interest throughout.
 What in Italy during WWII has been a forgotten sideline.  This accounting of the last month's of the war and what took place holds the reader in suspense and surprising turns.  To realize that the story is real with real life people is humbling.  To think that these very young people acted with such courage gives hope to every generation.
 Author makes the exploits of one young Italian into a gripping story about life in Italy during the last 2 years of WW II and the immediate aftermath. The dilemmas posed by hard choices and the consequences of such choices are described vividly.  This thriller based on fact would Interesting for anyone who reads about WW II or llikes a well-plotted thriller.
 I've read hundreds of WWII / holocaust novels and memoirs, this is one of the best I've read in a long time. Well researched, well written, educational and exciting read.  Looking forward to the movie.
 Its an amazing read. Knew little about the Italy occupation during WW II. I certainly know more know and would be interested in reading more about this subject. You felt you were right there experiencing what was happening. This read is not for the faint of heart.
 I don't hardly ever read a nonfiction book, but this one I would<br/>recommend to everyone  The story just keeps going and you can<br/>Hardly wait to turn the pages. Pino's story needs to be read and shared
 Why do Human beings have to go to such extremes to escape tyrants.  All the horror, deaths and destruction. Still wars still continue raging on. Why
 Loved the writing felt like I was in the story.<br/>Couldn’t put the book down...
 This novel touches on an emotional time in history and, unfortunately, makes some monsters appear human. It's impossible to know what one will do in times of deep stress and danger.  I certainly cannot imagine living through what the people in this book experienced.  It has made me realize how many unknown,unnamed heroes are out there.
 I love this book. I had a hard time putting it down. I would fall asleep at night reading it and force myself to wake up to see what happens next. Even if you are not a fan of war novels, I would still recommend reading this. It is a bitter sweet tale of humanity, love, and pain. It is hard to believe that one man could experienced so much, endure so much pain and still have enough faith to constantly carry on. I look forward to reading other novels by this author and hopefully see this on the big screen one day.
 I had put off startimg this book...wasnt ready to read yet another WWII story.  This is one of the best I have read. I was unable to put it down.  One of those stories that stays with you LONG AFTER the last page.
 Whether it is true or not, this is an extremely good read.  The details the horror of war, the heartache of love lost, the unanswered questions, all combine to make this the best book I have read in a long time.  You will not regret the time spent or forget Pino.
 Reading this, it is hard to believe it is based on a true story.  It just reminds us of how many unsung heroes there are out there.  This story is suspenceful, emotional, and tragic and will stay with you long after you have read the last page.
 The storyline was so captivating I could not put the book down. I woke during the night and would pick it up to see where it was going next. Great novel.
 This is one of the best books I've ever reade. It has it all. Adventure, mystery and Romance. I didn't want it to end. I would definitely recommend anyone to read this book.
 Wow! This was the most amazing book I've ever read. It is a story of incredible heroism, love, and heartbreak. Knowing that it is a true story makes it that much more moving. Thank you Mark Sullivan, and family, for all your sacrifice in writing this. It is truly unforgettable.
 I really liked this book about events during WWII I knew nothing about. The story is compelling and kept me reading when I should’ve been doing other things. I’m happy to have read it.
 War stories are not usually ones that I search out, but this one really grabbed me right from the start.  I felt that I was living the war along with Pino Lilla.  I really felt his horror and his sadness and I admired his courage and the danger he put himself into. It truly showed just how horrid war really is and the deep scars ghost it leaves on those that live through it.
 Like to read stories with historical background. This one left me more knowledgeable about the trials and tribulations of others. It punctuated the fact that we can’t judge a book by it’s cover. I am left speechless and humbled by the sacrifices others have made so I may live in freedom.
 I lived as a child in Germany 15 years after the end of World War II. Germany was still recovering physically and psychologically. Mr Sullivan beautifully recreates one man's experience, a story of war we must never forget. Thank you for the reminder of the fragility of life, the immense price of war paid for by the innocent, and the importance on living gratefully in the moment.
 Fascinating read. Makes me want to go back and spend more time in that part of Italy. Had a cousin who was killed by the Germans for refusing to give up his cow.(or so the story goes)  the Italian theater never got the recognition that the rest of the European theater did . If you are of Italian descent read this book.
 The best book we have listened to all year. Exciting, inspiring and based on a true story. LOVED IT
 Piano Lela was 17 when the bombs dropped on Milan.  He was sent to the Alps for his safety and helped Jews escape to Switzerland. At 18 his parents made him enlist in the German Army to escape being drafted and sent to the front.<br/>What happens next makes a fantastic story that would transfer well into a mini series on PBS or the History Channel.
 A remarkable and intriguing story that keeps your head and your heart engaged.  From a human, historical  and  moral perspective, it surprises, delights and engages while never ceasing to entertain. A great read for those who love history and the people who make it.
 Loved the hero- Pino Lella, being Italian I am proud to learn more about the role of the Resistance, and how Italy was so conflicted between Mussolini and the German Occupation.<br/>I only left one star off because I experienced it through Audible ( great because of the accent)<br/>Challenging as i’m hearing impaired and trying to improve my audio learning)
 The story of Pino and the suffering of the Italian people brings the war to life. The mass murder of innocent people and the executions of fascists and partisans are shocking. The details in the killing of Mussolini and his mistress are accurate. This is a great read.
 I am an avid reader of WWII history and fiction. The book took the War to a new level for me and my understanding of life in Italy at the time. I was unable to put this book down. Pino was a courageous boy-man caught up in a journey that  was truly heartbreaking.<br/>Thanks to this fine author and his extensive research, the reader is not left wondering what happenedd after the war to Pino and others in the story.
 Fantastic read. Loved the history and romance. Looking forward to other books by this author. I highly recommend!! What else?
 Very well written story about a WWII hero ,very pleasant to read , the structure and the flow of this sad and passionate Story is great. Thanks for putting all the pieces together and sharing  this magnificent tale. Love it .
 The settings are good as are many characters.  However the realities of climbing the Alps in winter, and the number of crises the hero has on individual days, are too much for me to accept.  I would give 3 stars for a good read but not up to 4.
 Excellent read. I highly recommend this book. Italy was not a country one would associate with WW2,  This book brings to light in vivid detail specific events and in the eyes of those who experienced it. It is heartbreaking, but hopeful.
 The writing is well done. And I couldn't put the book down, but the reality of the story is staggering. This I no tale of a hero. Instead, its an insight into a scared boy's view of the war. I don't like the main character at the end so that's always a disappointment. Yet, it was necessary for this book.
 Nothing more to say.  A narrative that will alter any preconceived notions of WW II and put a relatable face on it.  Brilliant read.
 This book was extremely interesting. i have read many books about the holocaust but all of them took place in Germany. This is the first one that was about Italy. Being of Italian heritage I found it educational.  enjoyed reading it and the author was very precise and clear in writing the story.
 I had to keep telling myself this was a true story. So many times I felt it was fiction, and it isn't. The ending isn't fiction. The last two pages touched my heart and I cried again. Stayed up late to finish it. Will be tired at work tomorrow, but what a book!  Thank you for telling it!
 Just an absolute page-turner filled with joy and sorrow and faith. I am so glad my friend suggested it. Excellent!
 I really loved this book.  The writing style is a little simplistic but beyond that the story is wonderful and I was hooked.  I really enjoy historical fiction and I liked learning about Italy during the Nazi occupation.  In the beginning I thought it was going to be too simplistic but as the story flowed I was completely enamored.
 I found it an excellent source of information about the italian involvement in world war 2 and the work of the non fascist people
 So much happens during a war, but the story of Pino Lella is truly amazing- his participation in the end of WWII in northern Italy is at once, astounding and unbelievable.  A truly remarkable character. His story provides depth, detail, and appreciation for the work, struggle, and experiences of that period of world history
 Great read !  I use to ski at Mammoth in the 50's and 60's....my husband was a ski instructor there....  We both remember Pino....a very colorful guy.  Reading about his background was fascinating.
 If you are interested in WWII stories, this is a great one. Disturbing at times, but authentic and compelling. Learning about the lives of the main characters after the war was a treat and added value to the tale. Well done.
 Although this story takes place during wartime it was both interesting yet sad because of the reality of war.  It appears to be told truthfully yet I am somewhat sure the story was embellished.<br/><br/>The description of the country and scenery are also vivid in one's eye.
 My book club read and discussed this book last month.  Everyone loved it.  The author did a wonderful job of inserting us right into the story.  I was exhausted going over the mountain saving people.
 Fascinating, well written. I could feel it, see it, the descriptions incredible.  What an amazing story!  What an amazing life
 It was an interesting story but I felt like it was a bit slow in the middle. the beginning was really good but the middle just dragged on with not much things happening. then it gotten super gross and gory all of a sudden. I almost felt like it was overly dramatic at times. It did end well, the author talked about all of nthe characters and what happen to them after the war which was a good ending to the story.
 I loved and cared for the characters and their plights throughout the author’s telling of their story and really appreciated the wrap up of their lives at the end. Pino was an amazing, courageous young man and I feel fortunate to have learned of his contributions during the war.
 Beautiful true story of an Italian War Hero - riveting from start to end. Sullivan draws the reader in immediately with the building of Pino Lella's personal character- his grit, his bravery, his love, his raw emotion. A part of the war that few people knew about, the history is fascinating!  Spent way too many nights waking at 4 am wanting to read more before I got on with my day!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book! It’s hard to believe it was free for me through prime first reads. Be warned though, this book is both addictive and heartbreaking!
 This book kept me up at night as I couldn't put it down. I lost sleep but it was soooo worth it.  Must read.
 How does a novel get a 5 Star rating on Amazon? Author Mark Sullivan shows us how.
 Seldom do we get a story about how winning a war affects the civilian population. The ongoing chaos after the amricans won Italy in WW2, the fights between the black shirts and the partisans was fascinating. Also, the main teenage character was heroic.
 Undoubtedly, one of the most interesting stories I’ve ever read.  I’m a big fan of spy thrillers and action stories, and I thought this was going to be one.  It turned out to be so much more.  The writing style isn’t on a par with my favorite authors.  But, then, it was actually a biography, written by a journalist.  And a more compelling story could never be imagined by a fiction writer.  Amazing!<br/><br/>About a boy who found hiimself helping Jews escape from Italy when he was 17.  Then, when he was about to turn 18, his mother insisted that he join the German nazi army, rather than the Italian fascists, to prevent him from being sent to the Russian front for slaughter.  He did not want to do it, but she made him.  Then, through some most unusual cirumstances, he found himself at 18 being a spy for the resistance.  (With no formal training for such an endeavour.)  He also found love in the midst of a horrific war setting.  And the events!  Emotionally, within a 24-hour day, he would find himself at the top of a mountain, then falling into the pits of hell at what was going on around him.  Almost every day.
 This very well written book gave a perspective on WWII that most of us are not familiar with.<br/>It was a "page-turner".
 after reading The Nightengale, a friend recommended Beneath a Scarlet Sky. Read the reviews, decided to at least start the book. Writing was exquisite, feeling the mountain climbing to freedom as if was on the journey.<br/>War, love, loss &amp; suffering... Brave souls, felt sad when I was finished reading, but happy i did.
 I could see through Pino's eye his Italy. What glory, passion, fear, and heroics as the pages kept turning and entered you into a view of war from a young boy that became a man very quickly.
 This was a compelling page-turner about a young Italian boy who begins to aid Jews and downed pilots to escape the Nazi’s during the war. He eventually becomes a driver for the Nazi’s and acts as a spy for the resistance. The story takes many twists and turns as young Pino navigates the terrors of war and his precarious role in it.
 This is story that took 70 years to come into the open. What an amazing story and a real insight into wartime Italy and Milan in particular.<br/>Well worth reading...
 Real life stories are often more unbelievable than fiction. Amazing story of courage, heroism, love and atrocities.  The story moves right along but a bit mechanical or labored writing at times. Worth the read.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I thought it was historical fiction, but upon reading the closing pages I came to realize it was a true story. A different view of WWII than I have encountered in other books, very well written.  From about the halfway point on, it became a real page turner.
 This book is the second I have read about World War two Italy. And the first one about the resistance. The author brings you into that time and place effortlessly and brings the characters to life in such a way that you find yourself caring deeply about each one. This is a piece of history I'm glad I was able to learn about through this excellent book
 I chose this book from a list of kindle first free book, and had never heard of this author before.  But this will definitely not be the last of his books I buy.  Beautifully written story about the "untold" stories of WWII.  If you have a craving to learn more about the behind the scenes, unsung heroes of the war, this is the book for you.  I couldn't put it down and fell asleep many nights to Pino's story. Many thanks to Mr. Sullivan for sharing this.
 100% True or not? I guess that will be open for debate and verification (there's a movie adaption coming out soon so I would guess we will get more spotlight on this). What's not open for debate, is that this is an amazing story and an emotional rollercoaster. Definitely a must read book and one of the best I have read in a long time.
 I don't usually like books about the war but this was an exceptional story of one person's life during the war. I couldn't put it down. Read for my book club but a great read for everyone.
 Great book about a story that I never learned in history. I would recommend to a friend! Be warned, Mark Sullivan engages you in a personal relationship with his characters and due to this you may laugh, cry, experience anger, joy and frustration. Leading to a truly enjoyable and inspiring book.
 Not sure how I found this book but I am glad I did! It was a wonderful story with such human characters!  I will look for more of Mr. Sullivan’s books!
 This book definitely got my attention from the very beginning. I have read many holocaust books and I believe this is my first about Italy. It is hard to  believe a 17 year old boy had the  maturity and courage to do all that he did. We are planning our first trip to Italy. I plan to try and find some of the places mentioned in the book and learn more about ww2 in Italy.
 A chapter of the history that's not well known. ....reads like a novel but so deeply researched. A great potential for a movie.
 I read a lot and historical fiction is my favorite, many books are interesting but not written so well as this one.The beautiful language , description of Alps and emotions makes this book special.Very good reading .
 Compelling read about a young man's valor and courage during the horrors of WW2 in Italy.  The moral dilemma, faith and courage and stories docummented were both inspiring and heartbreaking.
 This book was a great read.  As you are reading it and realize, a person really experienced this horrific time and survived.  It made me tear up many times.  I would recommend reading this book, absolutely!
 This was one of the best books I have ever read.  It is so well written that one becomes engaged right away.  I can't imagine what those people in countries that were occupied by Nazis during WWII though.  I did not know about the slavery.  I loved that this book is a true story.
 I absolutely loved this book, beginning to end. My Italian grandfather lived through this time period in Italy and never wanted to talk about it. Now I see why. Thank you, Mark Sullivan, for bringing this heroic, bittersweet story to the world.
 Enjoy the story  very much...History of Jews and their plight has always  interested me.. this was very very intriguing.. thank you
 Interesting reading about Hitler from the Italian view. The amazing story of Pina Lella's life.  Interesting, unexpected, and some tragic twists in his story.  It was a "page turner"!!!<br/>If you love historical novels then I highly recommend beneath a Scarlet Sky
 This was a most interesting depiction of effects of World War II on the lives of the people in this area of Italy.  The bravery of this young 17 year old  boy was extraordinary.
 Read this book after visiting the Beaches of Normandy &amp; was glad I did. This book answered a lot of my questions but left me with so many more. Pino is a remarkable man &amp; a true hero. I hope you like &amp; hate this book as misc as I did.
 What a fantastic story.  Some folks have said it reviews that they can't believe all of this could happen to one person, but I've done some cursory research and it's all feasible.  The actually writing isn't  award winning, but this is case where just getting it documented is amazing.
 This is one of my favorite books.  My boyfriend and I both enjoyed it.  The story is beautifully told and based on real events that will keep you turning the page.
 I found the book entertaining from beginning to end.  I didn’t want to put it down. The passion of Italian heritage and the terrors of war.  It was a page turner until the end!
 This is the most I have ever read of the second world war in Italy.  Knowing that it is a true story made it all the more gripping.  It was well written, keeping me turning page after page, long into the night.  It is a wonderful historical novel.
 Amazing book. I've bought it again to give as a Christmas present. There is a lot of historical fiction written about WWII, but this is from the point of an Italian. By the end of the book Pino has lived an entire life in a few short years. And my last thought leaving the last page, this was a true story...
 I have read hundreds of books  - this book is in my top 10 of all time .  Historical Fiction - my favorite genre .  Based on the actual live of Pino Lella and the hardship he and his family endured during WW 2 .  His life is amazing .  this book is emotional - very well written .  Mark Sullivan did a beautiful job.
 So much history.  So many heroes and so many villains.<br/>Will transport you back to a place you will remember forever.
 This is a story about Italy.  It covers a few years at the end of WWII. It is about real people and their triumph's and tragedies. It created many deep thoughts and great enjoyment while I was reading. It addressed the living of life from a multitude of angles.
 Was a interesting story of a young man life dealing with the war in Italy , love, the fall out and the confusion that was left for him to understand. Some answers came only at the end of his life.
 Did Pino get payed by Leyers for his odT work?<br/>Funny how history especially of tyranny repeats itself with same consequences and we just we pretend we are different than our predecessors! Literature.... a mirror of life.
 This is a great story of WWll in Italy. Tragic and hopeful, not the ending I expected but a really good read.
 The author told the true story of a young man with such sympathy and understanding of his feelings and faith and courage. The reader is drawn into the events and is emotionally attached to the characters. While it tells of the war, it is more a story of human suffering, courage and dignity.
 This was such  a moving presentation of WW2 Italy. The author described the very best of humanity and how it triumphed over the absolute worst.  Pino's  story grabs the reader from page one and holds you until the conclusion.
 I learned so much about the war in this novel. I had never read about the people of Italy before.  This story is just so sad for so many reasons. All stories of the holocaust are sad but this poor guy had one thing after another go bad. It too I him years to sort things out. On very good read.
 One of the best books I've read in the WWII historical fiction category.  The characters were so well developed that I felt like I was there with them instead of just reading about them. That the story is about real people and their real experiences is fascinating and heartbreaking. I loved the real life wrap up about the people this was about.
 Great storytelling of a great biographic story, it happens during the Nazi occupation of Milan during WWII it focuses on the fast paced  life of a brave young man, Pino Lella who had to face these harrowing events during his teenage years, the story is enhanced with alluring fictions add-ons of the author.
 Powerfully written story - the reality of which is hard to comprehend.  Yet its unfolding is documented and the characters are people who lived, loved and bear witness to what has gone too long forgotten.  It is said that history repeats itself.  I am glad to have heard and will always remember this story.
 This is one of the best WWII novels I have read recently. It traces the true story of the of the protagonist, Pino Lella, an eighteen year old citizen of Milan at the beginning of the story, through the horrors of the German occupation of Italy until the end of the war. In addition to exciting descriptions of combat and the compelling scenery of the lake country and Alps of northern Italy, it Is also a moving love story.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky tells the true story of a young man in Italy during WW2. The main character, Pino Lella, is tasked to lead groups of Jewish people to the safety of the Switzerland boarder. This is just the beginning of his courageous contribution to the resistance. The author took an entire decade to write this book, ensuring the details of Pino Lella's life were accurately depicted. This is the kind of book that begs you to turn the page. over 500 pages and I finished in less than a week. If you read anything this year ... read this.
 I loved the strong and courageous character of Pino Vella and appreciated very much Mark Sullivan's telling of his story. Juxtaposed against the special history of Italy, Nazis and fascists is this biographical story about love of life amidst evil. A poignant and beautifully written book.
 I usually don’t like “war stories”, but this was more of a story about a man during the war.  Well-written and hard to put down.  I was visiting Lake Como while I was reading it and found it hard to believe the tragedy that befell this amazingly beautiful corner of the world. Thank God it survived.
 The novel has had great reviews, but I found it written in a rather simplistic, almost childish style.  It has some touching concepts, but the read does not reach the hyper inflated expectations.
 This book is a little slow here and there but it has to be to tell the tale and make it all believable. This is based on a true story and wow what a story it is. I do hope they turn this into a film and stick to the facts in this book. I laughed and cried but I got angry more than anything. The monsters that people can become is so overwhelming real in this book.
 Enjoyed the historical representation.  It gave me an insight into the conditions  of Nazi occupied Italy that I had not known about prior to reading.
 wonderful book.  read it and also bought a copy for a gift.  Highly recommend.  A great, compelling story.
 A wonderfully told story about a part of World War OK that seems to get overlooked, the war in Italy.  It is based on a true story, and if even half of it is accurate it is still amazing.
 Pino Lella lived an amazing life.  Very glad that his story was told and not lost in unknown history.  Mark Sullivan does a skillful job bringing to life what it was like in Italy during and at the close of the war and the part Pino played in it.  Well done Mr. Sullivan.
 A riveting novel, based on the story of its main character, tells of the impact WWII had on Italy, with focus on a particular community in Milan. Between the struggles of Fascist blackshirts and Nazi soldiers, heroes emerge to fight inhumanity and to protect the values of family, faith, love and life.
 WWII in Italy has not been written about, as often as it has been in other countries. This story is a page turner, as well as a story of incredible courage, tragedy, and loss. Read it!
 One of the best books I have read in a long time. Very well written and kept me on the edge of my seat... kept me guessing all the way through.
 Mark Sullivan captured the soul of Pino and the other characters.  I felt like Pino was actually telling his story and that I was there as events unfolded.  All of the characters were well developed.  It felt like Mark really got to know them even though most have long passed.  The research that went into this book was spot on.  I am looking forward to hopefully going there some day and trying to find any remaining locations.
 Great true story of life in Milan during WW2 and how frightening it was for everyone who lived there. Loved the updates at the end of how Pino's life turned out.
 I would consider this book one of the best I have read in years.  It is colorful, gritty, very sad.  It brings to life the story of a Italian man named Pino  from Milan during WWII.  It is about his life and how he lived and survived during the Fascist and Nazi rape of his city and country.  You could not read a more interesting book.
 I enjoyed reading Pino's story very much. Lots of heroic action, lots of human fear, love, joy and sadness. I used to live in Italy and I'm familiar with some of the places in the story. That also made it special for me. The book is loaded with interesting facts about the war: the Italians, the Germans, the sequence of allied advance and victory. I'm glad the book will be a movie.
 Riveting. You will cheer with him and grieve with him. It may be a story that took place during a war,but it is the humanity of his story that will drive you to find out what happens next.
 Great story . Loved this book as I love historical fiction and yet this story actually happened ! Very sad ending, but still well worth the read.
 I enjoyed this novel very much.  I'm a WWII fan, I'm interested because I was born in 1939 and it's so hard to believe that so much horror happened in my lifetime and scary to think that it could happen again.  I knew very little about what happened in Italy other than that they had a Facist dictator who was allied with Hitler.
 Enjoyed reading this exciting, true story of one young man’s journey in war torn Italy. Good against evil, and courage and love fill the pages. Well written
 The pain and bravery of the Italian people during the second world war is told through the experiences  of an incredible Italian teenaged boy.
 A  teenager becomes a man during the last 2 years of WWII. He helps numerous escape to Switzerland, becomes a dog for the resistance and falls in love. The horrors he experienced are beyond comprehension. A great read for those who read for pleasure and knowledge.
 I am a huge fan of historical nonfiction. This story was almost too amazing to be true, and the pedantic writing did not leave me with any feeling that Pino, Anna, and the other cast of characters were real people. But true or not, it was a good read. I learned a lot about WW2 Italy and realized it is a forgotten tragedy compared to Germany, Poland, etc, so I appreciated this history lesson immensely.
 Yes, here in America we live a pampered life. While reading this novel you can experience the horror the people of Italy lived through. The novel is based on the life of a real young Italian. I was memorized wondering how he would endure the difficulties of.... I shall not spoil what he looses in one day that he spends his lifetime recovering from.
 A fantastic story of Italy and the latter half of World War II. After reading the book, there is a fascinating afterword, also very worthwhile.<br/>Highly recommended as both an interesting novel and a historical reference.
 A really interesting and entertaining story about a real person surviving in an extremely difficult time. Not much is generally written about Italy in the Second World War , so it is very enlightening. I really enjoyed the book and because it really happened, it is that much more interesting. Well recommended!
 Having a Grandfather who survived the fall of the Philippines and 4yrs in a Japanese concentration camp, the value of these stories  are worth more than any gold bricks smuggled during the war.  Beautifully written, held my attention to the very bitter end.  This is a generation that is quickly leaving us, we must honor each of them and their stories.
 There is everything to like about this story that exquisitely describes Pino's war experiences with all his emotions and thoughts.  A book difficult to put down and a story that leaves a lasting impression on the reader.
 What an incredible account of the war set in Italy. The story was gripping and held the reader's attention right to the very end. Loved this story and even days after reading it I can't get it out of my mind. Fabulous story telling!
 I liked everything about this book. Pino Lella stepped up to the plate in order to save lives.  He is an inspiration and the story shows that heroes come in all shapes and ages.
 I really enjoyed having a glimpse into something I have never experienced or had to endure.  The tragic loss of life and the amazing courage people exhibit in times of war and the scars they carry the remainder of their life.
 Fast paced writing with all the color and horror of a Nazi  occupied city during the war. Characters that are so real you will think their family. It's all true!
 This was an awesome book. I was fascinated with Pino Lella’s story:  The sorrow, the triumph, the joy, the heartache- all the markings of a gripping fiction novel but all basically true. Living close to where this all happened made it even more powerful. I’ve never recommended one book to so many people before!
 The story reveals in great detail the events during the last days of WW II in Northern Italy through the recall of a young man who lived through it. Adventure, intrigue, faith and love told with considerable talent hold the reader deep into the night. For one who lived though those times, it was a look back with personal memories of a critical moment in history.
 A real page turner, couldn't put it down.  Very compelling story.  Excellent description of the characters,  felt like I was able to know  them.
 Great, this was a book you do not want to put down.  Mark has a flow to the story that keeps you wanting more.  He takes WW2 in Italy and shows the horror that was done. At the same time he connects a young man that does not want to be involved but is becomes very much involved at the same time a tragic love story.<br/>Great book.
 This was one of the most fascinating historical novels I have read in a long time it was sure hard to put down.
 Very powerful story. It meant a lot that it was based upon a true story. Even when you think you know where it's going, a black hole opens and you find yourself in another version of reality. Pino was an exceptional young man. Many thanks to the author for taking the time to tell this story.
 A good story.....took a long time though to develop. The writing is uneven....the author spends a lot of time developing parts of the story that are not that interesting yet seems to rush over parts that are more integral to history. The last third of the book is the most compelling.
 I couldn't get this book out of my mind after I put it down. The story, it's stuck with me.
 What a great book, written well, about many difficult subjects that we will never to truly understand. Hitler and his minions, killing and raping the land of romance, leaving behind broken dreams, thoughts of revenge and still some mysteries, all these years hence. Enjoy!
 Gripping story about an incredible life.  Brings the heartaches, atrocities, confusion, victories and incredible faith of war time to reality.  So we'll written.
 Oh my goodness! I was so enthralled while reading this book! Pino’s story is amazing and very well written!! I will definitely recommend!!
 I liked this book. It had some of the same events as The Nightingale, by Kristin Hannah.
 I enjoyed this book very much.  The historical references were very interesting.  The characters were well developed and like able.  I would recommend this book to anyone interested in historical fiction.
 Great story, told in a like-your’e-being-there narrative.  I could not put the bookdown.  Also very educational to me, who did not kmow much about what life was like in Italy during WWII.  Highly recommended!
 Want to read a story that is hard to put down, emotionally engages you beyond the end of the book, brings laughter, tears and deep thoughts. Here is your story. An amazing tale I am a better person to have read.
 This book does not disappoint!  It is riveting, once you read about the first 25 or 30 pages.  Not a great piece of literature, but an incredible, compelling story, based on the life of Pino Lella.  It's almost 500 pages long, but I read it in just a couple of days.  I even got up in the middle of the night to read it -  it's that good.
 Really interesting historically based story- well written and attention grabbing.
 This is an excellent, well-written book  - filled with all the elements I love about a good historical novel.  It was set in the city of Milan during the waning years of World War II.  Acts of heroism, sacrifice, and great love were all present and the story will not be easily forgotten.  I'd recommend this book to anyone looking for a good World War II novel (and it is based on the true story of a young brave Italian man whose acts inspired this book, I understand).
 If you are interested in WWII history, you will love this book. If you’re not interested in it, you’ll still love this book. This story and its characters are riveting, and leave you wanting to know more, even at the end. This is a very well written book, and an amazing account of the heroism and the atrocities of WWII.
 When I read this, I did not realize it was based on a true story. Very suspenseful, warm and poignant, and full great characters. I was impressed with how this story came about and all the research that went into it. I wish he could have had some the answers at the end, but as Father Rei would have said, God has the plan!
 I have read this book three times in about eighteen months and just bought the hardback. I like that it focuses on everyday life and business that go on even during the horrors and brutalities of war. It’s a great read!
 True inspiration is easily gained with this book, wonderful that fairies. can truly move mountains just like Pino  did. Great story
 I had read that some people though the book was a 3.  I liked it better than that,  perhaps because I have a personal connection being from Southern California and by going to June Lake every year which is 30 miles from Mammoth.  The ending was rushed a bit and felt like an afterthought.
 As much as  remember about the war, I never knew about the war in Italy. Most of what I remember involved England, France and Poland. I was amazed to learn more about how the war affected Italy. This book was well researched and well written. The afterward was a major part of the whole experience. Well done!
 I never really. Understood what took place in Ita!y during wwll.  The emotions so beautifully described and lived by Pino had me crying ,laughing, tense, and amazed.
 I was a young child safely growing up in the USA while this horror story was playing out in Italy.  For all those lives lost or deeply affected by this evil I can only weep.<br/>Beautifully written.
 This story keeps the reader turning pages until the end is reached  A true story of love, bravery, joy and loss with the backdrop of a raging, senseless war. I hope the movie version is as good as this book is!
 I knew nothing of an anti-Nazi faction in Italy during WWII so everything was new. Certainly the fact that it is based on a true story makes it amazing.
 So much is written about the war in European settings.  The intensity of the sufferings of the Italians on the basic human level is exampled in this story.  A simple Italian boy becomes an unlikely hero.  How many more untold stories of heroism and sacrifice during that damnable conflict awaits our discovery.
 The story tells the f a time in Italy do realize Ng the nazi occupation of which I was mostly unaware. The historical aspects woven in with the fictional accounts make it a great read
 It was a new view of WWII, most WWII books I have read were about the Holocaust.  I found it Interesting to understand Italy’s involvement.  I would highly recommend the book.  I read the book for Book Club and we will discuss it next Tuesday.  A great book for discussion.
 Interesting take on WWII from Italy.  Found the characters fascinating.  Would recommend for anyone reading war novels.
 Great read and to know the story was actually lived! Breath-taking to read of the sacrifices some made for the many! History made to come alive as you learn of the bravery and hardships citizens made for the lives of strangers. Felt as if I was there and seeing it all. Be sure to read the afterwords about where the people are today.
 I love Italy , spy type stories and WWII history and even if only half the stories in this book are true it is fascinating. Learned a lot about the German/Italian interactions during that time.
 I loved this book tho often hard to read. So glad this untold story has been written.  The ending blew me away.  I highly recommend this book. A true hero has been reveled.  Happy to know he is still living after all he has been through.  His life has been truly a miracle of God’s love,  leading and protection.
 When I first began reading this book, I thought it was not going to be very good, but then I got caught up in the story. It was about a time and place I knew very little about. I am so glad I continued reading. I highly recommend it. It is a war story, a love story, an incredibly true story.
 One of the better historical pieces of fiction I've read in some time. The author brings the main character, Pino Lello, to life; it was hard not to feel great empathy for him. I learned things about WWII in Italy that I'd never known. I highly recommend this book.
 This was a very engrossing  book and gave a fascinating account of World War 2 in Italy.  It was hard to put down. The book drew you in immediately and the characters were very well developed. It was especially interesting because it was based on real people and events.
 This is an incredible account of the German occupation of Italy. I have never read or thought about the atrocities committed on the Italian people but this account really brought home how totally evil the German regime and Mussolini's Facists were. Well written, thought provoking.
 An amazing story of the crippling brutality of war combined with the uplifting  backdrop of faith, heroism and love.  This is a story worthy of telling.
 Really well written story. Full of hope, heartbreak, love and faith!  We are all cogs in the big scheme of things. A very good story.
 This novel is spellbinding; A view inside the good, the bad, the very atrocious, of people waging war against each other....with all of the range of human emotions and intrigue. Fascinating view of Milan and northern Italy.<br/>Leaves one in continued awe of the Lost Generation.
 I really enjoyed this one!  I learned some history that is not widely publicized, as well as enjoying an incredible journey.  An adventure, spy tale, and tragedy in one with a series of plot twists that make it difficult to put down.  It's well written and edited too.
 You can't write a review without commenting on how crazy unbelievable this story is!  It's one of those stories, that if written as fiction, would be dismissed as too unbelievable and could not be taken seriously.  I took off a star for the writing, which I think is too basic, without much depth.
 An enlightening book about one man's survival of war. Courageous and intelligent Pino lives by his witty. Definitely worth the read.
 This book used actual historical facts concerning World War II events in Italy.  It exposed the real life experiences that the Italian population dealt with during this important time in history. The author's depictions of the characters were so real and believable. By reading this book, one experiences the events in a very personable way. This book made learning about historical events very real.
 There are books that I can scarcely put down due to the excitement of what's around the corner. I had to take breaks from this for the same reason.<br/>My father was in the war,though he shared very little about his experiences. The events and places may very well have been where he was stationed during his time in Europe.<br/>Pino's adventures kept me on edge and weren't predictable.<br/>The author made the horrors of war real while also focusing on relationships and the real life events of the people involved.
 Difficult book to put down.  Very interesting story line that is not just another WWII story.  Many events covered that have not been covered in other writings.
 WOW!! Just WOW!!! Such detailed and expressed writing!! I’m amazed!!! This is by far one of the best books I have ever read!!! So much emotions it puts you through in every page!!! It’s a very hard to put down kind of book for sure!!! I’m not one to kiss and tell but it’s definitely a MUST read!!!!
 This was a book I did not want to put down. It was immensely suspenseful, at times gut-wrenching, but redemptive. The characters sprang to life from the pages, and the prose was easy but at times beautifully poetic. I recommend this book to anyone with a beating heart.
 I loved this tale of an amazing life. The author made me feel every emotion that Pino felt. I pray the world will never deteriorate into the savagery and anarchy of another world  war. This book is a testament to that stark reality.
 The narrative was accomplished in a humble, personal mood. There were no superheroes, but instead realistic humans who displayed heroism, bravery, and true family values at the same time that they were flawed, weak, and even cowardly... It was humanity at its highest clarity!
 This story of WWII in Italy as lived by the passionate hero, Pino, will remain a part of my heart forever! Superb writing brought this story to such vibrant life that I felt like I was a part of it. A book that would be enjoyed by history buffs and by those who appreciate all things Italian!
 Loved this outstanding story and the knowledge it shared about a history that has been buried. Thank you Pino!  I’ve recommended this book to many. Thank you Mark for your dedication. Wow. What a story.
 Mark Sullivan brings to life World War II in the area of Milan, Italy.  He weaves this historical story chronicling the life of Pino Lella in a fashion that draws in the reader to care very much about every bit of the book.  You'll love this!
 A book for lovers of raw truth, history, and powerful storytelling. This is a fine novel that was gripping, full of human emotion, and timeless.
 This is an amazing story about an amazing man and his family and associates. It should be required reading in all schools..U.S.and Europe.  I would think this would make an epic movie.  This story will live with me....for its portrayal of WW II in Italy and the heroism and sacrifices of the real people affected by it.
 Very good read. I was so into the main character by the second chapter, the book just zipped by. Great descriptions of Italy, their viewpoint of the German invasion, and the resistance fighters.
 Loved this book!  The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars was due to too much emphasis on Pino Lella's love for Anna.  Although possibly an 18 year old would've viewed it exactly this way, at one point it sounded quite melodramatic.  Otherwise I absolutely loved this book!  It's full of history and intrigue, and we are so fortunate the author decided Pino's story was worth telling.
 Pino Lella's story is nearly unbelievable.  The reader is taken along with Pino as he climbs and saves refugees through ice and avalanche, as he watches Milan, Italy, bombed and burning, as he joins German Army at 18 to become driver for Nazi General Leyers and spy for Resistance, and as he falls in love with maid Anna and loses her.<br/>Through WW II and after, a story told well.
 History buffs will love this story. Comparison to history verses this tale, is interestingly accurate.<br/>World War II and the Holocaust is a horribly intriguing era in the history of the world. May no one forget the atrocities that occurred.
 I’ve read a good amount of books before but this one, this one moved me. The writing was beautiful, the story was blissful, and the heartache was oh so real. You won’t regret reading this book. This story is one of the most fascinating stories I’ve ever read, so facinating that you cant believe it’s really true.
 This is a great story written beautifully.  It kept me engaged and wanting more.  I haven't seen a=many books talking about WWII in Italy, and this one educated as well as interested me.
 Comparible to "Unbroken."  Excellently written by Sullivan  This should be Spielberg or Ron Howard's next movie.  Real WW 'll hero and Sullivan's added narration added to an already compelling true story.  Thank you Mark!
 This is an amazing story that captivated my interest almost immediately. I honestly didn't know how it would end until the final conclusion. What a brilliant effort by the author! Had I have known of this story sooner, I would have made every effort to meet Pino Lella. He was a fascinating person and I am better for having known him through this heroic effort by Mark Sullivan.
 Beautifully written, such a great novel that it seems like it should be fiction. The fact that it is a true story makes it extraordinary. Even if you are not a student of history, as I am, you will appreciate and enjoy reading this book!
 Of the many books I've read about WW II this was the first that took place in Italy.  The story was almost unbelievable in that the main character escaped death over and over in impossible circumstances. As a work of literature, it was not great but the story was well worth the read.
 Throughly enjoyed reading this book.  Suspenseful,  twists, turns, and a glimpse of life in a war torn environment.  Mr. Sullivan  paints a vivid picture of the era with a good balance of the difficulties that the characters faced along with moments of near normalcy with family and love.  Hard to put this one down.
 Interesting part of WW II history.  Writer indicated some areas of book embelished but kept my interest. Difficult to put down. Real history, Mezzegra was the real area that Mussolini was killed by the partisans.
 This is a fascinating story!  I knew little about the Italian resistance during WWII.  These are riveting depictions of courage and loss, of major risks and day-to-day struggles, told in such detail that I could hardly put the book down.  I recommend it!
 A view of the complications of life during war. The consequences of split second decisions and the intersections of luck and planned choices.
 At first I wasn't sure I wanted to give this book a chance but 30 pages in I was caught up in the story and engrossed.<br/>Pino is a likeable hero and the story has a great pacing. It covers so much but I think that was a little dramatic license as noted in the foreword.<br/>This is highly worth the read
 A different perspective on a little known story from the Second world war made more intriguing since it is by and large true. The heroism by so many at times goes unrecognized until an author probes more deeply as in this book. One can only wonder at how many other similar tales have never been reported. Holds your interest. Strongly recommended.
 A powerful story of love, WWII, faith, fortitude, and generosity.  A novel that sometimes read like nonfiction. Similar to Unbroken by Hillenbrand. Well written too.
 I couldn't put this book down and haven't stopped talking about it. The story of Pino Lella is one I'll never forget.  I believe it was fate that brought Mark Sullivan and Pino Lella together to write this incredible story.  Perfection!!
 Interesting to read about the atrocities of Hitler from the perspective of the Italians. I didn't know the story was based on a real character until the end. Worth reading to learn what took place during that terrible time in history.
 This is a compelling true story of a young man who is confronted with obstacles that few could or would endure during the last two years of Nazi occupation in Milan and surrounding area.  I found it spellbinding and couldn't put it down
 Wow, just WOW!  Wonderfully written saga of an incredibly brave young man.  I thoroughly enjoyed this story, so hard to believe it was true.
 A very well written story of World War ll in Italy through the eyes of a young Italian hero. The events are true, the prose is riveting, and at times, heartbreaking. Not much has been written about the affairs of Italy during the war. I found it mesmerizing. One great read.
 First time reading this author.  Will now read everything he's ever written!  I love Pino Lella.  His story will break your heart.  This is an amazing story you won't be able to put down or stop thinking about.
 this is a story of a person who while a hero, was living thru hell.  i think it would have been s very good book had it been a pure novel, but knowing it is based on actual events,makes it very hard to put down<br/>the author wrote in such a way that i felt the challenges of helping people escape to Switzerland,but more important i felt his pain at witnessing some events, at finding and losing love, and at the picture painted of Milan at the end of the war.
 Having lived in Northern Italy for three wonderful years, we could relate to the geography and the people.  It’s an incredible story that just had to be told.
 One of the best books ever.  what a wonderful way to learn some history.  I couldn't put it down.
 This book is simply fantastic.  The courage this young kid had is unbelievable.  It totally deserves the five stars.  Great job by the author too
 To read this story is to experience WW II through a real persons eyes. Pino was a hero long before we knew and like others of his generation, did not let the world know until he was ready to share. Well worth every minute reading, a true history lesson, and  humbling.
 I read the story with my own memories filtering in at times. WWII was a tragic waste of life and this story depicts it very well. I hope some day it will be converted into a movie.
 This is a story so engrossing that you will wonder if it is embellished.  I was held captive by the role these brave individuals played in a war story I never heard.
 Well written and an amazing World War II story and hauntingly real.
 This book came as a great surprise to me. I got it for free as a part of the Kindle First program and while those books are usually just ok, this book turned out to be great. I fell in love with Pino Lella (the main character) almost immediately. What he went through during the war is amazing...his is the story of a true hero.
 While this book is based on a true story, it is admittedly "filled" somewhat.  I found it captivating to learn how extensive the wartime Italian resistance was.  The book carries the story well.  It was hard to put down.
 The author obviously knows a good story and put a lot of effort into researching the details.  The life of one Italian, his bravery and fears during the war are remarkable but similar to those of a many heros' willing to put there lives in the line to return the work to some sanity.
 It was spellbinding,  I had a hard time putting it down.  It portrayed the war realistically.
 I seldom read war stories, stories of any war, because I do not want to believe that people of any race, nationality or religion can be so cruel.  I was drawn into this book by the courage and innocence of the 17- year- old main character.  Despite the depravity of man portrayed throughout, I was intrigued by the loss of innocence, the mystery, the romance, and the hope within the hearts of so many of the characters even in the face of death.
 A captivating story!  This was an attention-grabber from beginning to end full of intense emotions and indepth character development.  This is an eye opening story that makes you question your own destiny in life.
 Could not put it down! Will recommend to my friends. It was a miracle Pino lived through so many dangerous encounters on skis, cars and by foot! A shocking true story what happened in Milan during WW II .
 This book, this story are amazing.  I absolutely couldn't put the book down, so don't start it when you have a deadline approaching.  Not only did I learn new perspectives about WW II but Pino Lella's story is riveting.  I'm sure there will be a movie but don't wait for that----why be enthralled for only a couple of hours when you could spend more than that with the book.<br/><br/>I enjoyed this book more than any since THE NIGHTINGALE and, of course, each is historical fiction based on a real person.  Mark Sullivan's descriptions put me in the action and I keep thinking about it even though I finished the book days ago.
 Mark Sullivan wrote an incredible story that brought Italy the forgotten front into sight for all the readers of this book. The story is written so well and remarkably is true.  This book grabs you from the beginning and doesn’t let go. It deserves five stars for me.
 Very interesting book  placed in Italy during WW II. A real page turner.
 I learned so much about what went on in northern Italy during WWII while written in a way that made it hard to put the book down. I loved that the author gave us a summary on most of the characters lives following the war. There's something for everyone; history, romance, intrigue and suspense. Highly recommend this book.
 Pino's story, as told by the author, is brutal -- and beautiful. A love story, and an historical account of Italy's part in WW 2. I was immersed and engaged to the end.
 First review I've written!  This is just an excellent and well written book, just had to chime in.  Thank you, Mr. Sullivan, for your character development, your story line, and your writing ability.  What a wonderful, sad but happy, book.
 This book describes the entire life of one Pino Lella, a real person, but the action focuses on his activities during the last years of WWII in Italy.  Suspenseful and romantic, I found it to be a moving and inspiring read about a person whose life made a powerful difference to that of many others'.
 If you like stories about the human experience during WWII based on true events and the people involved then read this book. Despite the horror &amp; heartbreak of the war, the courage and sacrifice made by so many people in fighting tyranny is inspirational and uplifting.
 As a daughter of a WWII veteran who never talked about his war experience, I am aware that this book may have never been written. What a war it was. Great book. Inspirational and true. Set in Italy.
 Enjoyed the book and will recommend it to my Book Club.<br/><br/>The horrors of World War Two in Italy.  Young 16 year old<br/>as a spy for Italy
 When I finished reading Beneath  Scarlet Sky I sat silently for several minutes. I was centered in a meditative zone experiencing the totality of the composition. A harrowimg retelling  of the exploits of Pino Lella. The riveting and horrific expose of the German occupation of Milan, Italy. The story tell of heroism and bravery in a depraved and sadistic Natzi/ Facist environment. I was overwhelmed by the epic terror, counter-balanced by love, faith and determination, in the face of monstrous evil. After pouring a large glass of Cabernet, I releflected on the unimaginable events consumming Europe and more specifically  Northern Italy.<br/>The unfathomable atrocities were repulsive, but sadly compelling. It was like watching gratitous violence with hands over your eyes....almost! I couldn't put the book down<br/> I had to kmow the grim details  of the living hell, contrasted to the nobility  of the risking certain death to save humanity!<br/>The book documents,  cross-references and verifies the veracity of the account! Mark Sullivan established his mark on historical lierature. I stumbled upon this story and deeply regret I didn't discover this preeminent literary work earlier!<br/>You owe it to yourself!
 Simply a great read, more than worth the time.  No, the writing is neither poetic nor elegant, nor is the diction always precise, but this is a truly great story, wonderfully well told.
 This book describes Italy during the second World war in a way anyone could visualize it. As someone who loves history this is a side of that era I was unaware of. I have an aunt who escaped from behind the iron curtian
 I have read many good books about WWII, but few touch on the impact or details of the Italian front. This story is deeply touching and informative in great detail. Highly recommend.
 I have read many many books about war, espionage, courage, love, fear, despair, ... and this is one of the very best I have ever seen. The story is riveting, and the author's craftsmanship is stunning.  If you love quality writing, read this book.
 From the beginning, this story is intriguing. Beautifully written with such human characters that I would love to meet and share a glass of wine. One of those books that is impossible to put down.
 This is in my top ten book for sure. What a shame it would have been to have this story go unheard. Thank you for the wonderful story
 Best book I've read in the past 12 months. Vivid, exciting and sometimes beautifully emotional. Fine writing of a heartbreaking period in WWII Italy, with characters you want to reach out and touch. Though I was previously unfamiliar with the author, I'd rate him among the very best writers of the past 50 years.
 Pino was a man of faith, courage, determination and loyalty during a time of total devastation to the city of Milan and all of Italy. Again, an amazing summary of the cruelty of Hitler. Top notch reading.
 Riveting! Talk about being immersed in history! Based on the memories of a true remarkable survivor of a Nazi invasion of Italy during WWII  I could not put the book down. After Pino leads several Jews out of the country he reluctantly submits to spying (no James Bond here) for the resistance as a chauffeur for a Nazi General. Pino uses his position by observing the goings on during the Generals rounds to Nazi occupied places and meetings and sends his collective info to the Americans via radio. It is simple but effective but Pino faces criticism and abuse from friends and some family for not joining the ‘fighting’ hence he feels guilty like he’s not doing enough to help the war effort.  I cheered for Pino and empathized with Pino. Repeating thoughts in my mind was what would I have done in Pino shoes to survive and be able to live with those decisions after the war. Seemingly unimportant choices that are made have consequences for the rest of our lives. Does kindness during the war really pay off even after the war? Were the people Pino associated with really who they claimed to be? Another true hero who finally gets to tell his story of love, war and survival.
 Excellent book. Extremely well written.  I could not put it down.  At the end I found out it was based on a true story. It's hard to find books that are written so well.
 This was a wonderful book.  It's not your typical WWII book in that it doesn't focus on the concentration camps in Germany but what was happening in the neighboring country of Italy.  I'm glad I read it on my Kindle so I could easily access the dictionary when some German terms were used that I wasn't familiar with.  I appreciate all the research the author did to get the circumstances and events as accurate as possible.  I highly recommend this book.
 I got this book as a Kindle freebie last month, as between the options made available, it seemed to be the best choice.  I was not disappointed in this selection.  This was an amazing story that needed to be told and it was excellently done by the author.  You need to read this book!!
 What an amazing story of love and sorrow during the worst of times.  Pino was a hero in every sense of the word.  Loved the book
 Fantastic story - I could not put this book down. Looking up the places and pictures made it come alive. As a side effect I learned a lot about WW2 Italy, Mussolini, and the national struggle of the Italian people during that time. READ THIS BOOK!
 I am no literary critic but I know what I like. This book is the best I have read in a very long time.  Twists and turns, love and loss, anger and forgiveness, Pino Lella lived a life only seen in movies. I have already recommended this book to anyone who will listen. Read it!
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is one of the best books I have ever read.  I have recommended this book to many people.  The characters, the story, and the fact that it is based on a true story are all so moving and meaningful.  Mark Sullivan is an outstanding author, and I have gone on to read other books by him.  This is a must read!
 After so many years we are still learning about WW2 , i an only admire the courage of the people of Milan (well most of them) .War makes everyone a loser ,but also brings out the best in some .
 Fascinating historical account of World War 2 as seen through a very brave Italian young man who worked as a spy against the Nazis.  I highly recommend this book as it gives a vivid account of the war and it's impact on Italy and the people who tried to help the Jews escape the Nazis.  A heartbreaking and triumphant account.
 Very spell binding book, the kind you can't put down. But a very sad story and I felt badly for PIno. It will make an excellent movie.
 The first part of the book was slow going for me, but then it did get more interesting and a lot of sad things happened, as you can imagine in war, but I had a lot of questions at the end of book and looked it up on line.<br/>I did enjoy this very informative book.  I didn't know anything about the war in Milan so I did learn.
 An eye-opening narrative of WWII. Especially for someone not alive during that time. And a true story!
 I think this timely historical novel offers glimmers of hope and life lessons for living deeply, with integrity during our current age of political turmoil and violence.  Well done!  Thank you for following your heart and uncovering this gem!!!
 I rarely review any of the Kindle First selections, but I had to voice my opinion on this amazing story of courage and honor. Pino Lella was a true World War II hero at the age of 19. His story is inspiring and Mark Sullivan has told it well. I'd love to see this made into a movie.
 To think that this recounting of such heroism and selflessness during the war is a true story, is inspirational to say the least. It reads like an unbelievable mystery novel. Very well done - both Pino Lella and Mark Sullivan.
 This novel broke my heart many  times. It kept me on the edge of my seat also. It is beautifully written and  I don't think I will soon forget it. It was also educational. I have read many books about the war, but never one about Italy and what happened there. Thank you Mr. Sullivan.
 While reading this book, I held my breath in suspense, laughed with relief and cried. I had a hard time putting it down to sleep.<br/>I learned a lot about what happened in Italy during WWII.
 As an Amazon Prime member, I got this Kindle book free as a "Kindle First" book.  This is one of the best novels I've ever read.  And it was beautifully written.  I felt as if I was right there going through it all with Pino and his family and friends.  What a beautiful tribute!
 This is one of the best books I have read in a while. I loved how the author didn't leave any questions unanswered at the end. The characters were so well developed you felt like you knew them personally.
 One of THE VERY BEST books I've ever read!! Made even more intriguing because it is based on the life of a real person, someone you can relate to and empathize with and feel for! Pino is a true hero made even more real by his flaws and insecurities!  A must read for those that are interested in WWII history.
 A beautiful story of a single soul’s heroism, faith and integrity in the face of unimaginable horror. Incredible!!!  Thank you Pino :)
 I loved this book.  So compelling and interesting.  I have been to Italy several times, and it brought back some of the memories. I have a family member who escaped the Nazis through similar circumstances, and I really enjoyed reading more details about it.  Highly recommend this book.
 Interesting yet some flat spots with too much minutiae .<br/>Hard to believe anyone could survive his ordeals.<br/>Definitely a full life of adventure, intrigue &amp; heartbreaks.
 I was engaged in Mark's story from the very beginning. His writing is fast paced with, in my opinion, never a dull moment. This novel is a reminder of the price of war and hidden hero's who I think need to be revealed.
 I listened to the audible version of this book and it was perfect. The story, characters, narration. All amazing. I cried I don't know how many times. It's crazy to think how much Pino Lella has experienced in his life! I could never go through what that man experienced. This book was addicting. Absolutely 100% recommend it.
 My father was in the U.S. infantry and served on the front lines of the Italy conflict during the final days of WWII.  How I wish I'd asked him more questions about his war experiences before he passed in 1998, but he didn't talk about the war much.  However he left some written accounts of April, 1945, which have come to life after reading this book.  Pinno's story leaves you contemplating human behavior....courage, chance, bravery, trust, loyalty.....and atrocities committed between human beings.  I highly recommend this book!
 This book is INCREDIBLE! I can’t wait for the movie to come out!!! I cannot believe one young person could’ve gone thru SO MUCH! Inspiring and simply outstanding retelling of this mans life.
 One of the best books I've read in a while. I normally don't seek out WWII novels, but this was my book club's January select and I'm so glad it was! Fascinating true story of a brave young man placed in very difficult circumstances and his determination to do the right thing no matter the cost to himself.
 Enjoyed the boook &amp; the plot which I found exciting, but could have done without the constant reminders of Anna the primary love iterest. For me I preferred the t
 This book has it all- intrigue, romance, drama, action and a hero to love! The fact that this book is a (basically) true story, makes it even more powerful. Thank you Pink Lella for all that you did and thank you Mark Sullivan for writing his story.
 Great read from page one.  Beautiful, suspenseful, intriguing, sad and inspiring true story.  A must read and reminder of the tragedies of hatred and war, yet filled with hope and promise.
 I really enjoyed this book. I'm not a WWII buff but do enjoy learning about the varied perspectives of the war. I enjoyed seeing things from the viewpoint of an Italian youth. The book didn't have as many of the sudden harsh surprises I've seen in other depictions of how the Nazis treated Jews, although it had a few sudden and shocking scenes. I also appreciated the wrap-up at the end, where the author fills in some later details about characters in the book.
 This was a very interesting read, especially from the historical knowledge. But the personal story was so emotional! Imagine all that drama for a teenage boy.what a journey for Pino!<br/>I had never realized the extent of damage to Italy. Well told!
 It was difficult to read at times due to the emotional impact, but the story needed to be told. My father served in Lt. General Mark Clark's Fifth Army in Italy and the novel's descriptions paralleled what my father told us. Now I understand what Dad went through and it's heartbreaking.<br/><br/>Very well written.
 The writer made the story come alive and I was touched by the life of the characters and all that they lived through.  I would recommend this book to everyone!
 This book ranks right up there with The Nightingale in its depiction of an “ordinary” Italian teen who performs extraordinary things in opposition to the Nazis during World War II. I kept thinking as I was reading it that it would make an amazing movie, and was so happy so see it listed on IMDb as a future film.
 Easy read and a good story.  For me it was a new view of the war (WWII) in Italy and the impact of the Nazi soldiers and black shirts on the Italian citizenry, particularly in the city of Milan.
 Sullivan is master storyteller. This was one of those "can't put it down" books that we all hope to find. Pino Lella is an inspiration with such an amazing life story.
 Enjoyed this book so much read it one day part on audio and part reading. So interesting how the Italian people during World War II were forgotten. Descriptions were wonderful of the Italian Countryside as well as descriptions of the suffering of the people. Some parts were so sad but a true reflection of how people respond during such horrible situations
 If you liked and admired "Unbroken," this should be your next read.  An incredible story of courage and good luck.  Pino Lella, the hero, lived an unbelievable life during the war and afterwards.  The writer's telling of the tale puts you into the scene.  One can hear, smell and feel the location.  Be prepared to miss some sleep.
 I thoroughly devoured this book in almost one sitting. Well written, gripping, fascinating . I learned a lot and thank the author for his good fortune in hearing Pino's story and giving it to us.
 This book held me into it till the last page. As my father was a US pilot stationed in Italy during WWII, I found the story well researched and engaging historically. Another sad story on the atrocities of the war. This time a story of the Italians who helped many of the Jews escape and live through the war.
 We will soon be traveling to Italy and I wanted to learn more about its history.  Although this is historical fiction, it very accurately tells the atrocities and terror of the Nazis' in Italy.  The reader will learn much about WWII and the Italian Resistance and the saving of thousands of Jews by the Christian community.  The story of Pino will warm your heart - what a hero and amazing story of bravely and loyalty.
 This story is so exciting you can hardly believe it is true. But when you read about the research it comes to life. The drama is so mesmerizing and the way Mr. Sullivan brings Pino's character to life really kept me reading and enjoying the way he writes.<br/>I have never written a review before so I don't know if this makes sense.
 This was a great book to read. I did no know about how World War 2 and the affects in Italy. I guess they just wanted to forget the tragedies that happened dury those years. I thank Mark Sullivan for a well written story about those times.
 This story offers an  insight into war in Italy that is not often described.  The fact that it is based on true events and actual people make for a very compelling reading.
 I was enthralled by this first hand account of Italy during WWII.  We were then and still are forced to focus on Europe and the Pacific. But the war was just as deadly and cruel on the Italian boot.  A great read.
 I haven’t read anything that has inspired me more in recent memory period. It brought to life a part of WWII that I never knew anything about. I stopped from time to time and looked up places, buildings, and historical events, only to find out they are absolutely real! Written with much heart, and passion, I found myself wanting to visit places like Milán and Lake Como someday.
 I finished the book, but it was a struggle the last 100 pages. Liked the first third, but the last pages were somewhat dry and unbelieveable. I suspect much was fact inspired, but none of the characters seemed truly believable.
 Enjoyed this book very much. I would definitely recommend it for others to read.
 Given this was based on an actual event it was an interesting read, it was a bit repetitive in the narrative at times which made it a bit annoying, would I read another by this author not sure really.
 Could not put it down.  From beginning to end it was absolutely a tale of a war and the people who fought so hard to save Italy.
 This book get better and better as you read it!<br/>I was always confused about the role of Italians in WWII, until I read this book. Now I understand the inner struggle between the fascists and partisans. This book is also a very tragic love story. I really liked reading the aftermath which told what happened to the characters after the war.
 This was an exceptional read. I thoroughly enjoyed the first 🤥three quarters of the book. The latter quarter was bit like a Hollywood script but enjoyable nevertheless.
 I enjoy WW11 books, especially one that has a story to it that<br/>also touches on the facts. I figured out a large part of the story<br/>early in the book, but it didn't make any difference as far as the enjoyment of the book. It was an interesting read.
 Inspiring, gripping, genuine, and educational!! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!! I wish there was more! Pino Lella was a hero and proved history was full of so much more than what we read in school.
 Good story and writing technique. I felt it was a bit drawn out. Gave me good insight as to what happened to Italy.
 This was a wonderful read, especially since it was based on a true story.  I truly hated to come to the end of it.  I have already recommended it to others.
 The story was  exciting ,sad and filled with grand adventure. This a real live happening during a most difficult time in human history.
 Courage, survival and love during the German occupation of Italy is a short way to describe this book. It captivated my attention from the beginning and it truly was worth reading. Like many war stories, the ending left me somewhat sentimental of how one single event changes a persons life forever.
 If the reader is interested in the true story of Italy during this time period, this is for you. Told from the perspective of a young man working behind the German lines, every bit is true and well researched.
 This book was a great read!  It reminded me of Unbroken (about another Italian during WW2). Pino’s story is important to remind us of the atrocities of war and that one man can make a difference.
 We don't hear much about the Italian resistance during WWII. This novel, which tells the true story of a seventeen year-old boy during the war, is a riveting story of courage.
 I had never read an Italian account of the events of World War II. This story, true, is heartbreaking, surreal, and deep. Pino Lella's story should be told and retold as it is a insightful look into what happened in Milan and Italy. Great read!
 From the time  the author opens up about how he came to learn about Pino's story to the very end, I was fascinated. The story of Pino Lella and the author's way of telling it kept me reading long into the night every night.
 Don't believe I could possibly add anything to the wonderfully written reviews for this book. It was a read that I just had to slow down, in order not to miss anything! Loved it and recommend for a suspense thriller.
 This fictionalized memoir is a great read.  It covers a time and a location (Northern Italy) that I had little knowledge of, so I learned a lot.  It was terrific to read it on my Kindle, because when I came to a place name, person, or event, I could pull it up on Google and deepen my understanding of the context about real world people and events  during the time frame.  The section on the Nazi evacuation of Milan was riveting.
 A fascinating and well told story. This book will keep you up late at night reading because it's difficult to put down.
 Great book,i loved reading about  how strung he was durning the war and everything he did for his country . I still do not know if he ever got over anne and how the german  general got out of everthings.italy has some of the worst battles of ww2.
 Historical novel based on true story, but do we need another WWII book? Journalistic style, juvenile dialog, single story line, lacks depth.  A lesser version of an Italian Nightingale.
 What a story! The tragedies 😐  goes to show that love is born at any given moment under any circumstances,  and can dwell for a lifetime.
 The style was 'easy' read &amp; faithfully followed events, personalising thrm to specific individuals.<br/>What I liked lesst was that this brave man was never honoured in his own country and will never be remembered for  the achievements of hid life.
 This books started out a little slow, but it landed up being an excellent book that I could not put down. Full of history and lots of details of the horrors of the Holocaust. On top of it, I recommended the book to my husband and he can't put it down. I have never seen him read for pleasure!
 This war story is for those who dislike stories of fighting, death and dying. Though these aspects are abundant, Mark Sullivan effortlessly interweaves excitement, love, hope, anguish, guilt and redemption throughout.  Some portions are unspeakably sad, while others reveal the amazing resilience of the human spirit that helps us withstand even the horrors of war. Mr. Sullivan is to be commended for ferreting out this example of one of World War II's many heroes.
 This is a fascinating story held in Italy during WWII. It's not easy to read at times since what is being described is hard to take in. What carries this book is the intriguing characters and their behavior during chaotic and dark times.
 This man's life is a walk through history. It is engrossing and engaging. It will also stay in my heart and head for a long time. Even with all he lost and all he experienced the man remained poetic and always saw the good. I thank Mark Sullivan and, especially, Pino.
 Strong and well written book.  Knowing that this book was taken mostly from real life, it hit home even stronger and made my reading even more enjoyable.  I could not put this excellent book down.
 Reads like a novel but it's history.  You feel like you're there.  I hope I can find more like this to read soon.<br/><br/>Pino is an amazing character.  When you're reading these incredible feats and realize that it's not fiction...you can't help but to stop reading for a second to be inspired by the guy.
 I would have never read a book about World War II if not for Amazon. This book was a wonderful story from start to finish. I’m so glad that it was not lost and the author took the time to do the research and tell the story so eloquently. Very well written.  I highly recommend it.
 A true and touching tale set in WWll Italy, that will warm your heart and teach you a little bit about this lesser known part of the great battle.
 I really enjoyed the book.  You see the maturity of a boy to a man during war, making difficult decisions.  The characters were complex.  The ending was surprising and tragic and unexpected.  Highly recommend.
 Sullivan makes you feel that you are a part of Pino. One senses the adrenaline rush of clinging to a rock cliff on a mountain side or racing a Fiat through the Italian serpentine mountain roadways. Coupled with emotional  atrocities of Nazi occupation and a young man discovering the love of his life this book and story is indeed captivating and so sadly true.
 This is the best book I've read all year  (and I'm a voracious reader).  With the backdrop being WW II, the focus is on the main character who transforms from a carefree, spirited teenager to a bold and courageous man.  Through his intelligence and unusual circumstances, he is able to save many lives in Italy.
 I think the most astounding part of this book is that it is true.<br/><br/>This book is a striking remembrance of the true costs of war. The book reminds us that faith can be found in any circumstance. I was grateful to learn of the Italian Front of WWII, of which I did not know hardly anything.<br/><br/>The prose is lurid and profound. I hope that the heroes and villains of history end with their just rewards.
 I actually selected this as a first book somewhat by accident. But as I started reading, the book captured me. Being of Italian decent and my par nets as first generation here in the states, I related very well to Pino and his family. Strongly..... recommend to anyone who has Italian roots or anyone who is a student of history, and true bravery.<br/><br/>I want to see this as a movie !
 I enjoyed read this book very much. It is interesting to read about other countries efforts in World War II. interesting character over all a very good read
 I found this story fascinating, well written and very informative. Pino Lella was a true WWII hero  and to of everything his family, friends had endured during that time.  Thank you to Mark Sullivan who pursued writing an engrossing story.  Excellent.
 What a beautiful inspirational story.  Sullivan did a remarkable job of bringing Lilo's heroism to life.  The world almost missed the story of a true hero.  Thank you, Mark Sullivan.
 Incredible story of young Pino Lella who during his teen years in WWII Italy assisted with gaining freedom for a number of Jewish people.  He then was forced to serve in the German army, but in this role he parlayed this role by becoming a spy.  I was truly astounded by what this young man was able to accomplish during the war years of 1943-45.  He was a witness to such barbarism by the Nazi regime and suffered so much heartache.  A true hero in every sense.
 I could not put this book down.  The story seemed incredible and you had to keep reminding yourself that all of this actually happened... it was a true story.  Gripping with suspense and danger, melancholic with revelations of "man's inhumanity to man", desperate with love's swinging emotions of euphoria and loss.  Read this book... it may change your life or at least the way you look at life!
 What a captivating story of yet another man’s unsung bravery in World War II, this time in northern Italy in the final two years of the war.
 This book, based on the true story of an Italian WWII hero, is beautifully written and compelling.  Pino Lello was not a forgotten hero, he was unknown to most of the world.  Thank you, Mark Sullivan, for bringing his story to light!
 Our book club had a wonderful discussion on the book, and all rated it A or A+. It really held my interest and kept me reading on to see what would happen next. It's an amazing story.
 I loved this book and can not believe that the storyline is based on actual events and people during the war in Italy. It still amazes me<br/>all that our parents did for our country during WWII.
 An incredible story of courage and resistance. The author did a masterful job of research and wrote in a page turner fashion that I thoughly enjoyed.
 The basis of the story was great, although it is classified as historical fiction it's based on an actual person and actual events. The negative for me was the writers style, it was just lacking some how.
 From beginning to end the words by Mark Sullivan hold you as they unravel the days of World War 2 for Pino Lelli.<br/>Once you start reading it is difficult to put the book down.
 Interesting relationship between the driver and the high ranking officer he is with most of the time. Also a look imto a country that is fighting three wars durong the WWII era.
 I could not put this book down. It was fascinating, emotional, tragic, and inspiring. I would recommend this book to everyone.
 My father was a WWII POW survivor in Stalag 17. He never shared his stories. This was truly a story worth telling of a very courageous young man and the horrors he witnessed, the love of his life and how senseless wars are!  I can only imagine the pain my father carried with him all his life.
 This story starts out slow but picks up nicely and ends (at least for me) in not being able to put it down. Pino Lella is an inspiration and an incredibly brave person. I wish I could shake his hand and learn a few things from him. Everyone should read this book!
 This is an amazing story.  I am sure there are many true stories about the lives of people during the war.  This is a remarkable story and one that should be told.  Book was very interesting and an enjoyable read.
 One of the best books I've read.  Love that it's a true story and can't wait to see the movie.  I've recommended it to all my friends looking for a good read.  So glad I stumbled across it.  Has everything you could ask for;  Love and excitement with heartbreak and horror.
 Put this at a five as I did not want to stop reading! Loved the history; could see it happening as it was read.
 What a great write. I could not put this down,heartwarming , a smile with a tear! Must read you will not be sorry
 Some was pretty graphic.  I hate to have the visuals sometimes.  But I enjoyed the book for the most part.  I think it is difficult to read of war because it is so cruel.
 What an incredible story of perseverance and resilience. The choices and challenges that had had to be made and overcome at such a young age on a daily basis are hard to imagine in these days.
 This book has it all.  Historically accurate...it will make you laugh, cry, and be outraged. But most of all, it will fill your heart.
 This book just got added to my "Best Books Ever Read" list!  Great story, great characters, and great writing.  Mark Sullivan's writing ability made this true story explode from the pages.  What a gift!!
 Based on the true story of an Italian Patriot, who risked his life for the idea that all persons are entitled to life and dignity.  This is a wonderful story, heartbreaking at times, and full of vivid imagery of war-torn Milan and the Italian Alps.  Pay close attention to the blonde; this is really a love story, that is well worth reading.
 This is a heart wrenching story of strength and survival with enough history thrown in to be true and believable . I totally was captivated by this book.
 Fascinating read! The story is well-written, paced perfectly, and completely engaging from start to finish. The fact that any of it is true (the author says most of it is, in fact; he's researched it for years) is heart-breaking. With this telling of Pino's incredible story, Sullivan pays homage to all those who sacrificed their personal safety to help the Jews during World War ll.
 A compelling story based on the real experiences of Pino, who lived as a boy, in war torn Milan Italy during World War II. The author  engaged me in his experiences of adventure, danger, love, confusion, anger, peace and renewal by placing me there in Pino Lello's head.<br/>A week deserved 5 star book!
 Some fought in the war, others behind the scenes. This is a great novel about a young boy turned man in the midst of the turmoil of war. A great read I would highly recommend.
 Did not read much about WWII before this book but I savored every page and did not rush through it.  I tried to imagine his adventures and feelings.  I suggest you do the same.
 This is a book you won't want to put down. Wonderful story and so well written.
 Amazing true story of a teenage boy who saw what needed to be done and then did it.
 I found Beneath a Scarlet Sky to be both very engaging (I often could not put it down) and inspiring.  It was also a great recounting of the events in Italy during WW2, which aren't often written about.
 What an amazing story!  True tale of a young Italian who was a quiet hero during the war. Couldn’t put it down!
 I selected this book based on the setting. I'm Italian American.. my family came here in 1918. That didn't live  in Italy during ww2. As much as I'm tired about hearing or reading about the holocaust , this story has to do about a young man surviving living in an occupied italy and the chaos that surrendered it . It was worth reading .
 This was such an amazing tale that captures you from the first chapter. And that it is a true story makes it even more special.  I felt every emotion from joy to pain and everything in between.  I can't wait for the movie.
 So many books regarding WWII focus on Germany and their acts.  This book took us into Italy and presented another aspect of the war.  I knew it was based on a survivor's story, but was fascinated at the end that the major characters were "for real" and let us know what happeed to them after the war.  Worth a read/
 Found this book to be a very interesting read. Held my attention during them entire 500 pages which isn't easy
 Very good writing that paints a clear and descriptive picture of the events, locations and people. I had several short nights of sleep, as I was unable to put the book down
 I feel as though i personally know the characters in the book. While reading, I felt like I was there. A story needed to be told. So glad someone took the time to do some digging to bring this to the world
 This was a very good book.  Even though the subject matter is very sad I enjoyed reading about this families perseverance during the war.  Plus there is not too much written about the Italian involvement in WW II.
 An amazing account which takes us to the not often told story of the hardships and atrocities the Italian people were subjected to.  I couldn't stop reading this and highly recommend this account of a brave young man and his fight against the Nazis.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky was a very fine read.  I feel it described WWII in a realistic way.  I enjoyed the characters and felt they were well developed.  I rooted for the hero throughout the drives he took with the Nazi general. Those people survived some horrific events.
 This novel is well worth your time to read. What a heart wrenching story of a man's life. Thanks Amazon Prime for giving me this book to read.  It is one I will not forget. What a courageous man.  I am truly moved.
 Left to himself, man is a vile animal. Nothing more. Nothing less. Lest we forget, we can but bow our heads in silence.
 I loved this book.  It was slow in the beginning but amazing as Pino’s story of heroism during the war unfolds.  Pino grows up before the reader’s eye as he faces impossible and difficult choices about his family, friends and even complete strangers.
 From his intro of the book to the end of his epitaph,, I was completely involved in this story.  Not a genre  I usually go to, I am so glad I found this book and learned about the lives that Mr. Sullivan wrote so eloquently about.  The courage, suffering, heroics and love that he shares make this  true story a must read.
 This was a good hard read for me.  The descriptions of incidents are vivid and uncomfortable but I really did love this book.  I was not aware of the events in Italy and thought this book told them well.  Read the book and you will not be disappointed.
 Wish it ended differently, but that’s not how real life goes after all.  Going to be thinking about this story for a long long time.
 Couldn't put it down-well-written recollection from an Italian perspective of WW2.  Thank God for people like Pino Lella and thank you for capturing these memories.
 This is one of, if not the best, war story I have ever read. The characters are so real and become so personal to the reader. You care deeply for them. The historical research is superior. Not many books make you cry but this story really pulls at your heartstrings. Loved it and highly recommend it.
 This book was SO engaging, I ended up doing web searches on the charactors since it is a true sotry. Amazing, spine chilling story and heartwarming story about a real hero during WW-II.
 I want to begin that I was a horrible history student, I didn't see the relevance of the class as a young adolescent. Now, in my 40-something years, I have a curiosity and longing to hear stories of those who lived it. I enjoyed Pino Lella's story of his time during the war as he transformed into manhood.
 A great read an intriguing and many times sad story.  I would highly recommend this book.  It is not a light read but well worth you time.
 Very interesting and unique look on WWII in northern Italy.  A great book and worth yout time.  I fell in love with Pino and his family.
 A very well written, though sad, true story of an amazing young man.  How anyone lived through the<br/>atrocities in Italy or any of the countries that Hitler and the Natzies had control over is beyond belief.<br/>Evil in the truest sense, but also there was still love, honor, and caring.  I will remember this book.
 This historical novel ranks as one of the best-written books I've ever read. Sullivan makes you feel like you were there and part of the story! I love WW2 era books, but had never read one dealing with Italy. This is a very moving book!
 This book was a page turner.  There were so many twists and turns that kept me on the edge of my seat.  Amazing writer enabling me to visualize what was going on and feel like I was right there in Pino's shoes.  Highly recommend.
 A very well written book  about conditions in Italy during WW11. It is seen through the eyes of a teenager during the war and the maturity that develops with his experiences. I recommend it.  What was happening in Italy was not very well know.
 The book crosses all boundries of human emotion. I particularly liked that are you taken through Pino's life from a nieve teenager from the streets of Milan through his growth and courage to take on challenges that would test anyone's metal. A real zest for the adventures of life. Historical and sensitive.
 At first I did not think I would continue reading this book, I can't say at what point it grabbed my attention, perhaps because I knew it was a true story. So very sad always a danger just around the the bend.<br/>A very good read.
 Thankful to have this WW2 story of a hero told. So many stories have gone untold. So many men left the war in a dark place and did not speak much of their experience. I know this from my own father whom I have a note home from Italy to his mother. “We have adopted a little dog on the street.” Nothing of war mentioned.
 Not being a war story reader usually I am surprised at how the characters in this book captured my attention. I don't usually like reading about factual war crimes against humanity.
 A fabulous well written book. I thoroughly enjoyed the story of Pino Lella. What really intrigued me, was my uncle was a pilot and was shot down over Italy, and who knows Pino could have helped him to Switzerland!
 An outstanding account of WW II and the atrocities of war in Italy. It was hard to put the book  down because of the excellent writing.  It will pull at your heart and make you happy, angry, and then really sad!
 The story of Pino's experience with WWII is one that made me feel like I was right there with him. Made me feel every emotion he was feeling. I couldn't put the book down until I finished it.
 This book really held my<br/>Interest. I’m not a huge history fan but love historical fiction. It shows that goodness lives even among the the horrible atrocities that took place during world war 2.  He was a true hero
 This book was very well written. Since it is based on a true story I found it very interesting. It takes a different look at war from the perspective of the people trying to live their lives during a time of crisis. I loved everything about it.
 Enjoyed learning the story of Pino and deeply touched by human experiences of dark times in Italy. Well done Mark Sullivan. The true story is incredible.
 I liked that this WWII story was based on interviews the author did with the subject of the story.  Also that it was based in Italy when we normally do not hear the story told from that country, Italy was devastated and suffered greatly during the occupation of Germany.  A sad time in our history but a well-told story.
 I found myself returning to the book to see what happened next. Set against the horrors of world war 2 and mixed with history the story of the main characters was gripping and compelling. I highly recommend this book.
 Pino was a true person of integrity  His story  was heroic yet he did not see himself as a hero.
 What an amazing story although, it would have been nice to have more photos for us to make a better connection with the people involved.  But overall this book was exceptional, sometimes truth is stranger and more amazing than fiction.
 This book is based on real life events that happened to a young man during WWII in Italy. The novel is written in simple prose but the story is action packed. I could not put it down!
 Very touching story of a man who lived an exciting war time life. Many happy and sad moments highlighted in this well written historical fiction, based on the man's experiences in the war. Lots of historical content from Italy's part of WWII that enhances the storyline. I really enjoyed it and would highly recommend it.
 Very well written story that's said to be 99% factual but couldn't be written as history as most of the corroborating material was destroyed.  The writer adds his own biographical material on how he came upon these untold amazing characters. The action and the story lines fly by. A must read for anyone who likes historical fiction or history for that matter.
 Beautifully written account of a historical event that little is known about. Its amazing that Pino was able to love again after the heartache and trauma he witnessed.
 The book is so beautifully written I found myself caught up in the beauty of the alps and seeing the "yellow and pink flowers", the rolling hills do emerald green..Likewise I cried with Pino over the difficulties of his life. Saying more would reveal the story and I wouldn't want anyone to miss reading this powerful tale.
 Loved the description of Italy and the inner conflicts of war. Recommend as a great beach or fireplace book. Enjoy
 My biggest complaint, is that the ending is telegraphed from the very beginning. I know that authors often insert themselves into the story and that personal touch seemed warm and inviting when I started this book. I truly wish the author had decided to move his soul-searing bits to the end of the book and had started with a bit of this is based on true facts about an unknown here, sort of beginning. As the book is written all of the suspense and much of the tension in the last third of the book is dispelled by "oh yeah I remember now, he said that..."<br/>Stylistically the book is an easy read and quite enjoyable, even as a dramatization of actual events. The story is well told, the characters are well defined and the author does not fall back on to archetypes for an of the major characters although he seems to whitewash Pino a bit in the end.<br/>All in all, I could suspend my disbelief, enjoy the ride and I felt a part of the closing years of World War II in Northern Italy, well worth the effort I invested into this book and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for something different to read on the beach this summer.
 I have been looking for a book that would stir my soul and after seeing Beneath a Scarlet Sky on Amazon I thought I'd give it a try. It was difficult to put it down. It was like I was on Pino's shoulder and at times, in his heart. I feel like I knew Pino Lella, an average person that did tremendous things. I'll never forget him.
 This is a true story!!!! I can't believe this has been hidden for so long!!!! It's a must read!! Excellent!!
 This is a story that is nearly impossible to put down. I read deep into the night the first night I read this story and finished it the second night! Very enjoyable!
 One of the best books I've read in a long time!
 I have experienced Mr. Sullivan's craft before, he is a well written author that has honed his talent many times. This time has made me feel that he was simply a recorder.  A story that must be told before we lose our source of this time, when insanity ruled the world. Lessons of humanity that should be shared. I thank him and his family for the devotion that enabled him to let us experience this.
 What an incredible story.  It seems like one exaggerated experience after another, and yet it is a true story.
 Truly an amazing story.  I found myself researching the characters because I became so engrossed in the story.  The fact that Mr. Lella is still alive makes me want to hop a plane to Italy and meet him and say thank you!
 I'm not a history buff and rarely read these types of books, but I absolutely loved this one and would definitely recommend to friends (in fact, I already have). What a great story.
 This kept me up reading many nights as it was difficult to put down.  Great book, incredible story, makes me want to read more about Italy during WWII.
 This book was riveting. A piece of history that we would not have known about if this had not been written. Very well written and I didn't want to put it down.
 I have been interested in learning different perspectives of WW2 history. This book is well written, easy to read and follow. I'm so glad Mr. Lella decided to share his story with those of us who wish to learn. Suspenseful, heartbreaking and wonderful. Thank you Mr. Sullivan for your endless research and wonderful book.
 This story is an emotional ride but well worth the investment of time. A reminder of the horrors of the world and the strength of the human soul. Don't read it because it's a well written book. Read it to bear witness to this important story.
 I've not know too much about Italy during WW II. I've heard plenty about England, France, Africa, Poland, Germany, of course, and Russia. The author of the book did a wonderful job telling one man's story during the Nazi occupation of Northern Italy. Up close and very personal, but mostly factual.<br/>I would read it again.
 Amazing story telling capability.  Especially since the subject matter is true.  I felt as if I was actually experiencing many of the scenes described in the narrative.  Not knowing anything about the subject matter before reading, I can honestly say I have not enjoyed a book more that introduced an author and a subject matter so real yet so relatively unknown to the general public.<br/><br/>Enjoy this book.  I certainly did!!!!
 The preface says it is based on a true story, and much of the first part of the book, in which the protagonist Pino Lella helps Jews to escape from Italy to Switzerland, is interesting and pretty well written.  But after that, the writing gets more and more overdramatic, and the exploits of the hero rival, and soon exceed, anything that Forrest Gump could have dreamed of.  I kept wondering if the author had read Mary Doria Russell's marvelous book "A Thread of Grace" and decided to see if he could make some money by writing a parallel story set in another part of Italy.
 How exciting to read this true story of a brave young man under dreadful circumstances during the war. A heart-breaking, nail-biting, enthralling sequent of events! I loved reading every page in this book!
 One of the best books I've ever read.  A true story but a great read.  I wondered why it was rated so highly.  I found out.
 A well written story that I couldn't put down. Incredible to learn about the human side of WWII and the sacrifices men made. Love, family, friendship and loyalty to ones country and cause all tangled up with history and a bigger machine that is war. Epic story!
 Mark Sullivan is a fine author and I loved every minute I spent reading this book and learning of Pino's fate.  Mike pulled me in from the very beginning and kept me intrigued for the duration.  Thank you Mike for bringing this story to life and enriching me along the way!!!!!
 Wonderful story overall, but I almost put the book down and gave up due to the long initial (slow) setup of the story.  However, as soon as the story began unfolding with the main character being sent north, the story became extremely readable.  Once it kicks in, the story becomes compelling and hard to stop reading to the end.
 A true story with excitement, exhilaration, unfathomable cruelty. It is an entire lifetime crammed into 2 years of war. A roller coaster of emotions beautifully written.
 Always love reading about historical people. It was a factual tale told as a story that had my attention from beginning to end.
 I read this for a book club and wasn't keen on another Holocaust novel -- I have read so many! But this was a wholly new story to me of the resistance and attempted Nazi take-over of Italy.  It is well worth reading.
 Loved how the the story Was written! Amazing it came out after all those years of pain and memories of the war. Highly recommend to anyone who loves war stories. My wife who is Italian also loved the book as her mother and grandmother lived through WWI before immigrating to Australia.
 I don't think anyone who reads Pino's story is the same afterwards. And it is something you do not forget in all your days. There are no words for all the emotions it evokes. I am thankful he shared this. Something so painful and yet beautiful and inspiring.
 This book grabbed me from the very first page.  Well researched and the book left no loose ends.
 The characters, the tragedies of WWII , the atrocities of war-torn Milan all come alive to the reader. Within this story, the reader is thrown into a vast array of emotions wondering how such horrors could be done and so little known of the heroism of a few. From the Prologue to the Epilogue, the reader feels the desperation and the courage of those who risked and lost so much. This author and his story should be shared with all the many historical fiction writings. One will remember and reflect on the character, Pino, thanking him for his courage and ability to stand up to the horrors of the time. In total, one can embrace all those who risked and sacrificed their lives! Mark Sullivan has captured my interest so much so to want to read more of his writings.
 Interesting book.  Took a long time (200 pages) to get to what's described as beginning of story though -but it was good character building.
 Excellent historical and poignant account of one small section of WWII. The writing is so vivid that you can see the beauty of Italy, and the ravaged, war-torn areas of the country. Although I prefer novels, I would love to see this as a movie.
 I loved this book and can't believe I got it for free.  Like the best of fact-based historical fiction, the characters and their lives drew me in and I was educated about a different aspect of WWII.  It is an important time for us to remember and learn from history.
 Picked this book for my Amazon first and I am so glad I did. Such an amazing story from WWII. Well written I was captivated through out the book. A reminder that people were willing to risk their lives for strangers during this devastating war.
 Well written and amazing story of a true hero in the midst of what must have been the worst of times. I am still in awe of the story.
 I am a history buff.  I enjoy reading about historical events, even more so when it can be personalized.  The author did a good job of bringing Pino Lella's experiences to life.  It was like I was right there experiencing everything with him.
 I almost passed on this one, I'm really tired of wwII stories...<br/>so glad I didn't!<br/><br/>There was never a place I could stop reading - IT HAS IT ALL!!<br/><br/>So much more than a 'war' story!
 I listened to the majority of this historical fiction while walking the dog over the span of 6 months. It wasn't a bedtime read for me, too upsetting. It is written in the perspective of one character so it is easy to jump in and out. I added to my history bank of knowledge while enjoying a beautiful love story.
 An astounding story of fact and memory. How fortunate to have found this piece of history while so many witnesses were still around to verify a truly surreal two years of an amazing life. Thanks for an honest look at the twisted truth of war.
 Great read was put right back into 1945 with Pino story of love and life. I was on the edge of my seat for most of the book thinking of what was to happen to this young Italian man, who became a man. With his faith in himself and God. Loved the story
 Very complex and informative drama based on true events during WWII in north Italy (Milano and nearby area) ...<br/>I would recommend it to people interested in historical facts during that time and in this area.
 Loved the story and Pino and all he and northern Italy went through.I learned about thing that happened to Italy and it's people during the war. What a fascinating tale of his life.Great  book that I highly recommend.You won't be disappointed.
 Great story and very well written. Anyone who loves history will enjoy reading this book.  Very insightful, yet sad, romantic moments keep you interested in what will happen next to this young courageous boy.
 I was immersed the moment I started to read.  Some have criticised the mixture of fact and fiction, but that is what an historical novel is. I had trouble putting it down to meet my obligations and missed it after I had finished.
 Characters are real easy to follow.story line is accurate in presenting name, events and people who were there . There is enough action, excitement and suspense to keep the reader wanting to read more. The events are feasible.
 Riveting recounting of WW ll German occupation of Italy over the last two years prior to the war's end through the life of one young hero.
 A great read from the very first chapter. Easy to fall into and captivating story. I would recommend this to picky readers if you want a book that will capture you and pull you in quickly.
 A wonderful story of an incredible experience in northern Italy during WWII. I was at the point of not buying it as I felt oversaturated with WWII books. So glad I bought it. Although not quite as well written,the story is similar to that in the book Unbroken
 If you start to read this and feel like putting it down ...DON'T...keep reading and you will hear a heart wrenching truth through the eyes of a boy who was forced to become an adult overnight.
 An amazing story of courage and spirit. The author was able to capture the struggles of Italy in World War II and share an amazing story
 I read the whole book,  and enjoyed it from a story telling point of view.  But it's written for a 14 y/o.  Which isn't entirely surprising, as the author is a journalist trained to write simply and clearly.
 I enjoy novels based on true events and people.  This book was mesmerising. I felt very involved with their characters.  A realistic<br/>account of what northern Italy faced in World War II
 Reads like an action novel but it is based on a true story. Brings up the questions of anarchy vs right rule, rational vs irrational, the endurance of love and many other big picture ideals including what is bravery. It is a thought provoking action packed real story of one man's experience of WWII and the demons he wrestled with.
 I seldom read books any more because my eyes get so tired.  I suffered​ through the strain because the story was so unbelievable and I had to see how it ended.  I wonder how many "untold" war stories have yet to be written.  So many unsung heroes!
 What else can I say that hasn’t been said! This book is beautiful; sad, compelling, educational, engrossing.  In other words the perfect read.
 I really like to read books about World War II history. This story was very interesting and informative. I will tell my family and friends about this author.
 Wasn't sure I was going to finish this book after a couple of chapters but am I ever glad I did. What a cliffhanger of an ending! While the author tried to tie up all the loose ends in the afterword, I still have dozens of questions.  I've  read dozens if not hundreds of WWII books, both fiction and non, and I have never read this much detail of the war in Italy.
 The war in Italy.  Not many write on the subject.  Having been a tourist several times the book added dimension to my trips.  And a true story....mostly.
 Account of World War II through the eyes of an Italian hound man turned spy.  Touching and tender as he navigates through love and loss, pain and sorrow.
 A beautifully written account of a very dark, ugly period in history. Was grateful for the sensitive way it was handled.
 Another WWII story that was not told until many years afterwards. Well written and hard to put down! Hearing about Italy’s tragic story is so sad but glad it was told!
 Such an epic story! I'm so grateful that Pino had a chance to share this bit of history with us. I can't imagine it going unknown.<br/>This was my first Mark Sullivan novel, but it won't be my last.
 This book held my attention from the very first page. I could not put it down and I have several friends &amp; relatives I will encourage to read it.  We have been to Italy several times and I was familiar with many of the locations, so I could visualize each scene and event as it was described.  Pino's experiences were so vivid I had to keep reading just to see what was going to happen next.  And I felt every emotion he felt, an experience I've never had before when reading a book.  This book is also a grim reminder of the harsh, cruel, and often inhumane realities of war and its aftermath.<br/>In summary, very well written, held my interest throughout, an emotional roller coaster
 A gripping tale of WWII in Italy. Reads like a novel but based on memoirs from people actually involved in the events. Gripping reading and helpful to understand how Italians helped shape the end of the war.
 i don't know whether it's my Italian heritage or not, and the area of Italy with which I'm most familiar, but this novel was a lovely change from he normal backdrop of France and England. i loved the very sweet (yet tragic) story and amazing tale given that it was based on one man's true story of coming of age in a world of atrocities. very well written...
 Everybody has already said enough about what the book is about.  Loved it.  Excellent.  Very happy I bought it.  Passed it on to my sister and she too felt it was worth reading.
 A touching, beautiful , sad story. A must read and you will understand that era much better.
 Will be a movie soon!!<br/><br/>Pino Lella was a true unsung hero with a brave and tender soul. His love for Anna will haunt you long after.<br/><br/>This novel is so well written that you feel you are there in Milan during the disgusting nazi / fascist takeover of Italy. The story is very moving, heartbreaking and poignant
 I really enjoyed learning about Italy in World War II.  The juxtaposition of people trying to keep on with their daily lives during the Nazi occupation was something I had never read about before.  The basic nature of people and their varied responses to the war was also very well described.  I know that it was fictionalized, but reading about the real people at the end was also very interesting.  Well worth your time.
 Based upon real people, and amazing for its portrayal of heroism and loss. Couldn't put it down.
 Absolutely incredible book...this is a must read.  An amazing ending to a very crazy time in Italy during WW2.  If you want the full round picture of the devastation, sadness,  pain, and unbelievable human sacrifice, then read this book.  The ending brought much surprise yet made sense when you understand human nature.
 Very interesting one you will find hard to put down. A story of war and love and the heroics of a young man.
 I thought Mark Sullivan did a fantastic job writing this story. I found myself reacting aloud to his vivid depictions throughout the book. The horror of wars atrocities; the Italian's coping, or not, during the German invasion; Pino's unbelievable bravery and deep love for Anna. To think this is based on a true story, makes it so poignant, but also being amazed at how far the human spirit can take a person in the face of great personal danger.
 Although it got off to a bit of a slow start, soon enough, I was unable to put it down. The subject matter is intriguing, the characters memorable, and the story needed to be told. If you like reading about unsung heroes, especially those based on real people and historical events, you will love this book. The events are necessarily disturbing and graphic but the heroics of so many ordinary people during such trying times propels the reader through to the end.
 I really enjoyed this book. Something of a mash-up between Unbroken and All the Light We Cannot See. Really made me feel as if I were right there beside Pino through the whole thing. What a wild story for a young man...boy really...to endure. Makes one reflect on their own character and how they would respond in similar circumstances.
 This is  book that was difficult to read and difficult to put down. An amazing WW2 story of incredible bravery and heroism, love and loss.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a lovely story set in Italy with a back drop of early WWII. The writing is fast paced as well as the story with believable characters . I did find the ending a bit drawn out but it was a good read just the same.
 I liked the book a lot.  Had to remind myself at times  that it as a true story.  I learned a lot about the occupation of italy during the war. The story was interesting and characters likeable. I was disappointed slightly in the ending but  since this  is  in real life as they say.. It is what is.  Overall an enjoyable read
 From the first paragraph till the last, this book held me captive. I couldn't wait to see how things turned out. Highly recommend this book
 Well written and developed characters in a story based on reality. I knew little about the Italian Resistance and appreciated the integrity of the storyteller. The basis of this novel is an unbelievable story that the best story teller could not make up. It really happened.
 I loved this book.It was  very interesting and loved Pino, the main character. Once again we read about the atrocities but this book was more personal and about Pino life in those times.  After  what he witness I think he was unable to ever find happiness.
 This is an exciting true story involving famous historical figures and one previously unknown hero. You will not be disappointed.
 Well written...paints a vivid picture of the horrors and luck the worst of times brings. Also allows readers of the Holocaust a new story and locale. Grazie!
 I have been reading novels on different subjects lately,  When this popped up on MY Kindle, I wasn't sure I wanted to read another WWII novel.  After reading the Forward, I was into it.  Incredible story.  Beautifully written and the ending was an enormous surprise.  Would love to have met Pino, and look forward to another book by Mark Sullivan.
 Such a great true story!! I have learned so much and am excited for my upcoming trip the Germany and Italy to see the places and things that’s talked about!!
 I loved this book. It's so raw and undeniably human. The thoughts and feelings of young Pino. He goes through so much change and heartbreak,  and somehow still survives, not only physically but emotionally as well. I am forever in awe of how he changed and grew despite how harrowing his journey. Definite recommendation to all.
 I enjoying this book because it is based fact. It is very suspenseful and riveting. I turned the  pages, barely able to put it down to work or sleep. It is a story that talks about how really dangerous being a spy is.
 I was reluctant to read another WWII story, but this one, again, was well with the read. I hadn't realized it was based on a true story, and was delighted to find out what happened to the characters.
 This is such a well crafted novel I'm not sure where to begin,  but to say I was pleasantly surprised many times.  Want to read all from  Mark Sullivan and soon.
 The Book reads like a fictional novel but describes real events in a gripping way.  Once started, I had to completely read the book in one day.  Anyone who enjoys learning history of human  bravery and suffering in WWII will admire the account of Pino in the war in Italy, his bravery and heartbreak.
 Very educational about WWII. I did not know anything about the war in Italy. We visited the Dolomites a couple of years ago , the description and passages occurring there were especially interesting. I enjoyed the book!
 When I first started reading this I wasn't that impressed.  However when he got into the story, I appreciated his beginning. He made the characters come to life.  He gave us the story of a very horrible time in history.  These were regular people young and old resisting the Nazis.  They had ordinary lives that were turned into survival and bravery at every turn.  I really enjoyed the anticipation created by this wrter.  I was sorry when it was over, it left me wanting more.
 This is a story based on the true life of Pino Lella when he was in his late teens. It's time is last two years of WW11. I enjoyed it very much, though some of it is brutally true,
 If you are interested in heroes of WWII, this is a very poignant account of one man’s story.  Well worth the read!
 Touching story, always amazing to read about the WWII heroes
 This was a compelling, true story of a very brave young man.  It is well written, and and exciting.  I became so engrossed in the story that Di could not bear to put the book down!
 This book grabbed me from the very beginning. Having lived in Milan as a child, I recognized all the locations, the author really brought them all to life in vivid color. The  horrors of World War 2 are shown in their most brutal terms. The life  of Pino Leila is remarkable and fascinating. I recommend this book to anyone. We should never forget what people had to do the survive this gruesome war.
 If you enjoyed reading the historical novel “All the light we cannot see”, (one of my all time favorite books) you will enjoy this as well.....A remarkable true story of great love, loss and overcoming the atrocities of the Nazi occupation of Italy during WWII and all of its tragic human collateral.....
 We are reading this for a book club. The story kept moving and it was hard to put down. Don’t often read/hear about how WW II affected other countries. I highly recommend this book.
 An engrossing store of a person caght up in the momentus occurrences in northern Italy during the middle to end of the Second World War. Wonderful descriptions of landscapes and emotional trama of war.
 The author writes a masterful, historic biography of a Milanese citizen who undertakes numerous missions while Italy is under Nazi occupation. First in the Italian Alps and then in the uniform of a quasi German army unit. The hero, Pino Lella is a teenager when he begins his harrowing escapades under the direction of a righteous priest at summer camp high in the Dolomites. It's just the beginning of many courageous, but very dangerous missions by Pino, code name the "Observer," all while acting as German officer General Leyer's  official driver. Along the way, we meet Pino's  little brother Mimo, the fiercest of resistance fighters, their family and friends who become entangled in the "occupation's web." We also meet the beautiful Anna, who becomes the love of Pino's life. This is great read, giving us insight into the war's affect from the Italian citizen's perspective. If you're a lover of WWII history, you'll appreciate this terrific story.
 This book kept me.  Loved the writing, the story was so all encompassing.  I believed in the sounds, the visions, and everything this writer gave.
 The book was very well written with a different perspective on WWII. It took place in Italy and told you what happened in Italy with one gentleman from Italy and following him throughout.
 Great story of Italian resistance in WW2. Lots of twists and turns .
 Best book I've read in a really long time.  The true story is heartbreaking, unimaginable and simply amazing.  It's hard to believe what so many people endured through WWII compared to the world we live in today.  I've read a lot of WWII books recently and I find myself comparing them all to this one.  It was such a great story.
 I like historical drama and have always liked stories concerning WWII. This was from a perspective and about an aspect of WWII that I hadn't read before. Well written and very good in revealing the characters and events. I would recommend this book for anyone that loves history.
 it was interesting as a historical story aspect on world war II.  I did enjoy it and it moved along pretty well.
 The book was pretty good.  It had its times when it was a little fruity, making things not as serious as I am sure it w a s.  But all in all it was ok.
 A riveting Novel about the horror and tragedies suffered by the  Italians under Mussolini and the German occupation of Italy in the 1943-1945 time period.
 This novel is one of the most moving and beautiful stories I have had the pleasure of reading.  Kudos to Mark Sullivan.  Thank you for sharing your talent.
 An amazing personal war story.  Besides the original Harry Potter series, this is the only book that I felt inside the book. Like actually being there watching. Great story!
 This was a wonderful book that pulled me in right at the beginning.  Pino is amazing and I'm glad to know more about him and the Italian side of wwII.  My only issue with the book, and I only think of it in retrospect,  is not knowing what's true as opposed to what the writer had to fill in.  I would easily recommend this book to anyone with an interest in WWII stories and adventure/love stories in general.
 I just loved this book. Have been passing it around to friends. Couldn’t put it down. I recommend to most any book reader.
 This was one of those books that I couldn't put down.  I got very little sleep the week that I read this.  The storyline was honest and amazing and I was drawn into the emotions of the characters. Beyond the storyline, the writing was excellent. I highly recommend this book!
 Actually giving this book 4 stars is me being generous as I would have rated it at 3 1/2.  The fact is that the writing is poor, the dialogue childish and even the characters are weak.  Probably the one reason that I did finish reading this book and gave it a good rating was simply the fact that there are few fictional novels describing the war in Italy.  I know that over 25,000 Italian POW's stayed in the UK after the war, even returning to Italy to bring their close family back.  This book does give you an idea of the carnage at the end of the war and the reprisals that were carried out.  The author does cover himself by stating in the preface that this is partly true.  I enjoyed the first part of the book which I felt was true to fact as young people rarely consider the danger when risking their lives.  However after that, his meetings with so many important historical figures etc., did seem less factual.  I do think that those in high command positions in the NAZI controlled countries did manage to escape justice, whether it was as is inferred in this book, who knows.  Sadly the writing did let the story down, if you read All The Light We Cannot See, then perhaps you will understand what I mean by lack of depth to the narrative.  Is it all believable, who knows, but if this is the case then it certainly deserved far better presentation.
 This is an  piece of good fiction. The writing is okay, but the plot is super.  It is always good to read about people who are heroes and involved in some worthwhile adventure. This fits the bill. Good young man with compassion for others. That is an good as it gets.
 I liked that it was based on a true, most interesting story.
 This story was of great historical value to me.  I never knew the depths of despair Italy and it's people suffered during the 1940s.
 Such a great book! Amazing story about WWII from the perspective of an Italian. A side of the war you don't hear or learn of in school. A personal recount on top of that. The triumphs, the obstacles, the ups and devastating downs. It keeps you hooked. I'd give it 5 stars but some of the Italian places and building names make it hard to understand where things are taking place. I suppose that's on me though.
 I am fascinated by this era of history. I've read several books but never set in Italy.  I want to know these people and their stories. I want to remember them and this book helps with that. I recommend this book it was well written, and it was based on a true story
 I loved this book! I hope they make a movie out of it. This is based on a true story that took place in Italy during WWII. It's amazing, one thing after another happens. My favorite part was the end where the author tells what ultimately happened to the main characters.
 Loved this book, and have told all my friends and family to read it! Incredible story of bravery and ethical challenges during WWII. It will stay with you for days after reading. A must read.
 Was very captivating. I don’t usually like war stories but this one was compelling and entertaining. Many times I couldn’t put it down.
 This is far and away one of the best books ever on Kindle First.  It's a riveting story of love and righteousness.  I won't give away more than that.  If you want to know the perspective of an Italian during World War II, this is worth the read.
 Thank you Mark Sullivan for digging this story out.  It is the heart warming story of a humble man with guts and a great love...<br/>You cannot help but love "Pino"
 Incredible story, great read. Powerful, emotional, riveting. I read it in one day!!
 Fascinating to realize this is a true story. Amazing story of courage and loss and triumph. A very good read.
 Quite possibly one of the best books I've ever read - this was an incredibly moving and emotional story that was written so beautifully.  From the moment I started reading, I could not put this book down and found myself in tears at multiple points.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky was one of the best WWII stories I’ve read.  I couldn’t put it down.  I tend to like historical novels, true stories, and I have read a lot of WWII books.  Pino Lella, a young teenage boy living in Milan, was amazing despite the horrors and losses he experienced those last years of the war.  This is a story of hope and survival during a dark time in our history.
 What a tale of war, life, suffering, happiness, hatred, love, friendship....  wonderfully written and gripping story.  A must read for everyone.  The forgotten front would never be forgotten again after reading this book....  so much more to World War 2 than historians have related.
 I enjoyed this though I thought some of it seemed far fetched &amp; couldn't have happened. I was surprised when I discovered it was a true story. The strength of the human spirit!
 As a lover of history and of Italy, Germany and Switzerland it was great seeing these lands come alive in a tragic time in history. Pinos story was compelling and real. What a brace young man with a perennial soul of hope.
 I know many people have said this book is poorly written. I can agree with that from a witer’s point of view. However, the story is so compelling, the writing style just didn’t matter to me. I was so moved by Pino Lella’s story, and I’d recommend it to anyone who loves stories of survival, heroism, and love.
 A window into another time. If only we had learned lessons to prevent this ever occurring again. Fantastic story. Must read
 Must-read if you think you've read everything about WWII.  Historic account written as a captivating story.  Weaves history and humanity, triumph and tragedy nicely.  Wonder what I'd do in each of the many do-or-die circumstances Pino found himself in.
 This book just kept getting better and better as it went along.  At about the halfway point,  I found myself setting aside other activities to continue reading.  I think that's called a "page-turner?"  Absolutely captivating, along the lines of Laura Hillenbrand's "Unbroken."  Surely this will be made into a TV series.
 Every page of this book kept me pulled in. Pino’s life journey during the war is one of heartbreak and strength that leaves you feeling a million different emotions. I recommend this to anyone who loves a good, historical read.
 Great story line, had me intrigued as I read page after page. I highly recommend reading this book. I enjoy reading past war time stories.
 This is an incredible tale of war told with passion and humanity.  Such a riveting story of courage and opportunity during the war.  It's sad that our veterans cannot speak of their heroic deeds without feeling remorse they didn't do enough or they survived.  This book is at once hard to put down as it is to remember the atrocities of the Germans.
 An amazing story and a well written book. I'm very curious to know if some of the major story elements were were fictionalized for this novel. I really enjoy WWII fiction and nonfiction and this book is highly recommended for those who enjoyed The Book Thief, Unbroken and The Boys in the Boat.  Can't wait for the movie.
 For WWII fiction, this is the best. The Book Thief was a tragedy that left me cold. Reading it felt like work rather than pleasure. All the Light We Cannot See was fascinating and gripping. But the ending was very unsatisfying. Beneath A Scarlet Sky was riveting, totally engrossing. I wouldn't change a thing.
 This book is very well written. It gives you the true story of how Italy and its citizens were treated during WWII. So many people risked their lives to help others escape the atrocities of the Germans.
 A great book made all the more rich because it is a true story! Loved the fact the author told what happen to the main charecters after the story..
 I bought this as a gift for a couple who read to each other as they car travel.  Met them for dinner and both raved about how much they enjoyed this book.  It is not often you find a book that both sexes really enjoy.  This is a great read!
 Fantastic writing of the war between Italy and Germany in 1944. I could not put this book down for very long. Every chance I had I would read it, I had no idea about all the lives which were lost. Brilliantly written. KUDOS to Mark Sullivan.
 The story was exciting and compelling and the writing style captured everything perfectly.  I really enjoyed this book.
 This story was fascinating and I couldn't put it down.  Some very hard things to read but i akways had to see what was next.
 Many WW II stories are about Allied victories on the Western Front.  And the stories are usually told by the generals (or sometimes by the soldiers who fought in the trenches).  This book has a refreshingly different perspective.  The protagonist, Pino Lella, is a teenager boy – and so a civilian living in Milan Italy, a town that fell under Nazi control after Italy surrendered to the Allies.  Though a work of fiction, the story conveys a sense of realism -- and that’s because Pino Lella was a real person and the story is based on (and extrapolated from) Pino’s recollections of his experiences in and around Milan during WW II.  Occasionally, the story seemed a bit exaggerated; although I cannot say whether that was based on the author’s own embellishments, Pino’s memory of decades-old events or just my own overly-skeptical nature.  Still, the book is an interesting/horrifying/sad/uplifting/valorous view of life as a civilian in a war zone.<br/>= = = = = = = Updated Oct 16, 2017 = = = = = = = =<br/>Based on Mike Lella’s (Pino Lella's son) comment on my review, I should have called this book a work of HISTORICIAL fiction (rather than just fiction) as it is based on the recollections of a real person (and a real hero).  I should probably work on my overly-skeptical nature, too.
 Time travel back to Italy in the 40s with WWII. Adventure, romance and history. I enjoyed reading it and I cried through parts of it. Thank you for sharing this incredible story.
 Excellent, one of the best books I have read. Amazing true story written to take you through the incredible life of a young man trying to get through WWII in Italy. This book will take you through the hard decisions a young man makes to survive, love, and help the resistance.
 I loved the book.  I am not a WWII buff but the combination of history, adventure and a love story was written in a compelling way that kept me totally engaged in the story.
 A interesting story based on Pino Lella's recollections of experiences in Italy during WWII, especially his alpine climbing adventures, but I wonder what percentage of the story was based on his actual experiences.
 Other than "Unbroken" I have found most WW2 books in a word ... boring. Make this a second really well written WW 2 book with a great protagonist and a storyline that keeps you entertained and guessing from start to finish. It was a truly fascinating account of WW2 Italy that I couldn't put down -- Highly recommend!!
 I liked the history of WW2 from the Italian point of view.  Enjoyed the descriptive wording of the scenery.  Also a story with what is a true life,but sad ending.
 Captivating, held my attention to the last  page. It is qbout a very special man who was just a boy when he served his Country and his God with passion and commitment.
 The only reason I could bear this book ending was that any more adventures in the life of the inspiring subject of this novel would have made it completely unbelievable.  What a delightful read this was.
 I gave this book 5 stars because I enjoyed it so much.  I was on the edge of my seat throughout the whole book.  I felt like I was right there with Pino when he took all the risks he did.--climbing the mountains, and then how some people could not make it up or down, and he had to give them a little extra help. All this time trying to keep hidden.  Believe me, you'll get a lot out of this book.
 This is a terrible, horrible, gut wrenching, dynamic, well-crafted, can't-put-it-down book. It took me to soaring heights of human goodness and righteousness and plunged me into the darkest depths of inhumanity. I can't say it any better than to quote another reviewer: I wish I could read it again for the first time.
 Not my usual read, but I really enjoyed the style of the writing and the actual story was really engaging. It flowed well and I really felt for the characters - who had a lot of depth to them. Highly suggested.
 Being right about what one needed to do like Pino did was and is still never easy!  Courage and self-confidence helped keep Pino stay alive.  It is one of the best stories I have ever read!  I am very happy to have come across the book!
 I had very little knowledge of the Italian struggle during WWII. This novel helped me to understand the life and death challenges that Italians had on a daily basis. I was also heartened to learn that the Catholic Church was instrumental in helping Italians save 42,000 of the 47,000 Jews living in their country.
 This story was riveting for me.  I have always been interested in stories about WW II and this one really happened and was very well researched.  I loved the characters who showed such courage while going through such a terrible time in history.
 I enjoyed reading this book and it kept me entertained. You learn a bit about history while hearing one man's tale.
 I love hearing history from a different angle. This book was very good and kept me turning pages. I would recommend it to anyone who likes an adventure through modern history.
 I couldn’t put it down. An intriguing, fast-paced story with heroes and villains, love and great tragedy. It made me cry. It was well worth the $2!
 Well written intrigue!  Charming story of young love<br/>and how it can give us the courage for moments we<br/>never dreamed could happen and certainly would<br/>never forget.
 This book was a real page turner and an  emotional story that was so hard to put down!  Every character had a role in one mans life: Pino Lella. Every teenage boy would learn from his strength and courage. Historical and full of suspense, I highly recommend this Novel.
 This was my free pick and I am SO happy I picked it. I couldn't put the book down. The entire thing was very catching and didn't want to let you go. It gives you a different look at what happened during the war but in Italy. One of the best WW2 books I have ever read.
 This book was fascinating. Pino Lella's incredible story was beautifully told by Mark Sullivan. I wanted to know more about the Italian front, and this book provided that and do much more. It had me googling locations and battles and characters the whole way to learn more. Great read.
 Excellent story, it gives you a good insight of what went on in Italy during the 2nd world war.
 I loved this book, someone should make it into a movie.  I plan to recommend this to everyone who enjoys reading.
 This book captivated me from beginning to end.  It was compelling, sweet, tough, sad, strong and so much more.  I felt everything Pino felt.  I laughed, I cried, I was angry.  I recommend this book to anyone who loves a great story.  Perfect!
 This is a must read for everyone. I could not put the book down.
 Based on the life of a real person, this novel flies at break-neck speed through one scary incident after another. How Pino Lello survived is beyond me. Learned a little about World War 2 in Italy, which I knew nothing about before.
 The account of Pino Lella, an heroic teenager in Northern Italy during WWII, is remarkable. Thank you, Mark Sullivan for bringing his story to light and finishing it in a way that gives the reader closure. This book deserves to be a best seller.
 Having grown up in with An Italian family, I did not realize the impact of the war in the northern part of Italy. The story based on factual members of a family in Milan attempting to survive the atrocities of final last ditch efforts of the Germans and followers of Mussolini. A really good read.
 Great read. I love reading books where I can learn history as well as bond with the characters,
 I didn't know much about the war in Italy.  I found the story very interesting. There is so much we really don't learn in school.  God bless all those souls lost in WWII and all the brave folks that helped others survive.
 The characters came to life in this book. This was such an emotional roller coaster of a story and a great historical account of one man’s experience. I would highly recommend this book.
 This is by far one of the MOST dramatic and compelling stories I've read in years. My book club that normally spends 5 minutes discussing a book spent 3 hours discussing what an excellently written and absorbing moment captured on paper.  Extraordinary. Should be read in high schools world wide.
 History and victory, death and destruction, love and resurrection.  This story takes you on an amazing  journey through war and the consequences.
 I absolutely LOVE this book. I believe it is one of the top 3 books I have read in my lifetime. Mark Sullivan did an outstanding job telling both the story of Pino and his own story of triumph and defeat. Thank you so much for your dedication and determination to bring this amazing story to the world. Keep up the great work.
 This story captivated me. A little slow at first, but worth the time to stay with it as the author set the landscape and developed the characters. The main character Pino Lella experienced many extraordinary twists and challenges in his life.<br/><br/>Read this book to learn about life as a teenage boy in Italy during WWII.. who later became a hero using his wits, courage to persevere, his faith in God and.. although witness to countless atrocities, believing that there is more good in people than bad.<br/><br/>I'm former military. The author skillfully brought me back in time. I may read this again.
 This book starts slow, but stick with it!  An uncommon look at WE II through the eyes of those who lived through it in Italy. Once the plot starts moving it is a rollercoaster ride of ups and downs, love and hatred, joy and tragedy.  I found myself fully engaged with the story as it weaved  around historical people, places and events.
 The factual story is just incredible, and it is told by a masterpiece's teller which makes it a fantastic reading, a book that you can't stop reading until you reach the very last page. One of the best books I've ever read.
 Forget the Dos Equis man.  Pino Lello is the most interesting man in the world.  It's a fascinating, and purportedly true, tale of a young Italian caught up in the intrigues of the Resistance during the Nazi invasion and occupation of Italy during WW2.  I chose this book as my free April Kindle single through Amazon Prime, and I was pleasantly surprised to find a truly compelling read.
 The book takes readers to a tragic time in history, giving the reader another heart-wrenching look at WWII from several perspectives. The horrors made me want to quit reading, however, the author made me want to read more. Well-done!
 Sad tale of a remarkable man who faced things no one should ever have to go through. Very well written.
 Fantastic story is impossible to put down. Watching Pino grow up during the war, it's a hopeful, tragic, joyful, furious, resigned and finally peaceful journey. And surprisingly unpredictable.
 Great book telling the untold story of a young Italian fighting against the Nazi invasion by apparently collaborating with them. Great ending.  The story of a real hero and a very smart talented guy.
 An absolutely riveting book. It should appeal to history readers, adventure readers and romance readers. Many of my friends have read it on my recommendation. Those living today will get a taste of the sacrifices of past generations. I had to keep coming back to the reality that those boys were just 16 and 18. Amazing.
 At first, this book was slow and I couldn't understand why the reader reviews were so positive. I loved the story and am recommending it to my friend.<br/>Well done!
 This book is very well written and very difficult to stop.  Educational and inspiring. I highly recommend it. Good job
 I loved this book! Heartbreaking at times but very well done. I love books where I can learn something while being entertained.
 An incredible story, you’ll weep and laugh and weep more and ache and ache and ache. Incredible.
 I have a large collection of WWII novels and also trough stories taking place in Germany and France. Very few have been written taking place in Italy. This is a true realistic story and I am really enjoying reading it. I highly recommend this book, Mr. Mark Sullivan is a great writer. I will be exploring  his other books.
 One of the most riveting books I've read. Well written with stunning insight into the atrocities and futility of war.
 It opened my eyes to how little I know about the history of Italy in WW2. One of the few books that actually deserves the ratings it has received out of the thousands I have read. Thank you for the emense time and effort you and others have put into this which is a pretty lame way of saying how I really feel. Rick
 tragic and sad at points, yet uplifting in what the human spirit can endure.  at points in the book i had to tell myself to relax you know he makes it through this. i found this book and the life of pino lellas very interesting.  set in milan italy, it follows the early teenage pino lella and how  the war effects not only himself, but his family,friend and most of italy.  not much has been written about italy during the war and i found this book to be quite the page turner.
 The amazing story of Pino Lella and his part in aiding the allies during WWII  opened my eyes to a chapter of history previously unknown and seldom talked about. Engagingly written, the reader enters the life and loves of this remarkable young man who showed bravery and passion in the face of the Reich and it's evil actions towards innocents.  The fact that this is a true story makes it an even more compelling to read! I highly recommend it.
 So detailed that I felt as though I were part of the story, crossing the mountains in the snow, riding in the little Fiat with the General, and emotionally attached to Pino and Anna as they embraced and entwined. Heart wrenching enough if it weren't real, but as a true story, it often brought me to tears. So thankful to the author for bringing this story out from Pino's memory.
 This story will be forever seared into my memory. The true tale of happiness and heartbreak combined with Mark Sullivan's exquisite writing left me in a state of emotional whiplash. One moment was filled with hope that everything would turn out fine, then in little more than a paragraph the world might as well be ending once again. A true depiction of war.
 So happy that this story came to light. In these selfish times it is so important for all of us to hear about the total selflessness of a young man and his unquestioned dedication to making a difference to other's lives, no matter the cost to his own life. This should be required reading in high schools as it shows dedication to the greater good that is probably not even a consideration in most of today's young people (or older ones as well!) Thank you for bringing this incredible history lesson to us.
 Whether you are a history buff or not, this beautifully written story takes you into the life of Pino Lella where you experience fully the horror of the Nazi invasion and the heroics of the Italian people.  It's a book that will capture you into the wee hours of the morning.<br/>Bravo and thank you, Mark Sullivan!
 This was an enthralling and powerful story about the war in Italy. I could not put it down. I was not aware of the details about the part that Italy played in World War, so it was fascinating to read and I would highly recommend it.
 I always enjoy books based on a true story. This one will not disappoint. We bought it for our drive from FL to MN which normally feels like forever. From the moment we first started listening the time just past by. The amazing heroism of many during the horrific times of WW II was overwhelming. A must read or listen.
 Very good reading and I like historical fiction. Author keeps you drawn into the story in anticipation of what is to come next.
 The characters are very well laid out the story begins when they are teenagers struggling with the beginnings of a war the efforts that they make to remain as a bonded family is an incredible warming journey that the author takes you through with great skill
 This is faction at its best. A real story so strange that you want to believe it is fiction. The author uses the tools of good fiction to make the story really come alive for the reader; superb dialogue, a compelling plot and descriptive clarity.
 This is the story of a young hero.  History, heroism, heartbreak, passion, bravery, an unbelievable but true ending.  My husband and I are lovers of history.  This story AND the story of how it came about are inspiring.  This will stay with us for a long time.
 What this young man experienced &amp; lived through is amazing, heart wrenching &amp; unbelievable!  That Pino was able to live through all he did, stuns me.  His bravery &amp; commitment seem to know no bounds.  This book I recommend, all adults should read!
 Very compelling, especially knowing it was based on a true story.  I’d never thought about how the Italians experienced the war and were abused by the Nazis, so this was also educational.  The story was well written and I often didn’t want to put it down.
 The horrors of war that were endured are amazing and our psychic still tries for normalcy.  As a boy just coming into manhood young Pino Lella discovers strength that make him a hero.  But it is never that simple.
 This is a fascinating account of an unknown World War II hero, a brave young man in Italy.  Very informative about living conditions when the Germans took over the country and the plight of the Jews.
 I loved the story. It was very moving, exciting and I enjoyed it immensely.  It was a little sad at the end but all in all an enjoyable read. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys historical novels.
 I loved it! Captivating from start to finish. Romantic, adventurous, dangerous, funny, real. I highly recommend it to guys especially.
 Loved the story of PINO and the catholic church's efforts to help Jews during WWII. A part of history about which little is written. A fast adn interesting read.
 A compelling real life story about Pino, an Italian hero.<br/>Great writing. And easy to read.  It brought back memories of WW I I
 An amazing recount of a previously untold story. The author makes the reader join in the experiences of the main character in the book, Pino Lella, and allows the reader to understand the fear, anger, love, confusion, and many other feelings shared throughout the book. How any human could live through such a time as described in the book is astounding.
 Lots of horrifying war crimes.  Love, hope, compassion, and dreams.  The story of a young man who courageously faces all the horrors and brutality of war while maintaining his honor and helping his country.  Long but interesting.
 I usually read crime novels but was drawn to this book by the Amazon write up. The story is of Pino Lella a young Italian boy during WW2 in Milan Italy. He led Jews over a mountain into Switzerland on many occasions and eventually became a spy for the resistance while working as a driver for a Nazi general.<br/>He was a hero who had many successes helping others but his personal life was full of tragedies losing loved ones due to the cruelty of the Nazis and the Partisans.
 Involves actual experiences of a young Italian man during WWII German occupancy of his country.  Gives before, during, and after understandings of his changing life.  Powerful and well written.  All generations need to understand what happened and why, along with what caused the downfall of Hitler's Nazi organization.
 Unbelievable story, about a young teenage boy in Italy living a heroic life at the arrival of the end of World War II. The author says the novel is based on a true story and he had to fictionalize parts of it to fill in the gaps. Do to the fact that Pino the main character was evasive in telling him exactly what happened to him as a young man turning 18 when the Nazi regime loses power in northern Italy. I was interested and intrigued to read how the Catholic church helped the Jews escape from the Nazis. The Catholics saved thousands of  Italian Jews. Pino played a huge part in that as well as a spy for the resistance. It is a time that this ancient country is not proud to tell or relive, but I am so inspired by the story of a country that was practically destroyed during a time when so many heroic individuals saved lives and ended the war. Pino and his family inspired me to live a better and happier life.
 What a fabulous story of the Germans in Italy during WWII.  The amount of work that Pino did to<br/>save many Jews is truly commendable.  I could not put this book down and thought about the<br/>story long after I had finished it.
 This story line is quite fascinating, but it's a long book. I'm a speed reader so I was able to get through it in a few days. The final chapter, AFTERMATH, ties it together nicely.
 A history of unbelievable strengths, courage, faith and heartbreak. Mr. Sullivan has written with such depth and fluidity that I was transported to Italy and rode alongside Pino to learn this incredible story.  Everyone should read this!
 There's a legitimate reason this book has so many five star reviews. It's because it's THAT good. Don't waste too much time reading reviews, you'll just be taking time away from reading the book.
 Worth your time and tears.  If you love reading about the human side of WW2, then you will enjoy and respect this novel.
 The book is captivating, amazing that someone lived through those experiences. The movie will be great but I’m glad I read the book.
 I couldn't put the book down. Captivating thru the very end. As a WW2 vetaran I'm amazed at the sacrifices of the men and woman who risked their lives for their country.
 The story of Pino Lella is unbelievable. To hear of a man such as him who was never recognized for his participation in WW2 in Italy is a shame. For a man of 18 years old to do the things Pino did is nothing short of a miracle. More people should read about this man and be honored to know his story. The author spent 10 years gathering information to complete this book and every second of it shows.
 An exciting revelation of the end of WWII in Northern Italy anchored by the experience of a real man who at  the age of nearly ninety generously provided his vivid memories of that time and reflected that he was grateful for the ultimate gift of that time to live every day  to the  fullest with gratitude.
 Pino was an ordinary young man thrust into an extraordinary situation which he handled as best he could.  The story was exciting to follow and live alongside.  Writing was superb, I looked forward to my evening read.
 I enjoyed the book.  Pino’s story created many emotions.  I wanted the story to end differently but understood why he lived his life the way he did.
 Thank you for the lesson in living history,  This story was truly “the story behind the story of war”:  it was important to tell, and showed the unfairness of life we must all face at times:  We can only hope to learn to live happily despite the difficulties,
 Unbelievable, amazing, gut wrenching story of survival. The fact that it was based on a true story and the last 12 to 15 pages even made it more real. This one is now in my top 10 all-time favorites . I cannot recommend this book enough.
 Pino's life was full of intrigue<br/>and danger, but he had a 6th sense that kept him alive threw many hard times.  My heart ached for him and Anna, a true Romeo and Juliet story.
 We rarely get the Italian perspective of WWll but this novel makes their epic struggle against both the Nazis and their own fascist government come alive.  You can almost feel the soul-wrenching decisions made by ordinary Italians on a daily basis just to survive as their country erupts in conflict.  If you are a war or history buff, this novel is a must-read.
 I am drawn to WWII stories.  This was the first one I read that was set in Italy.  The compelling love story of Pino and Anna nicely balanced out the considerable brutality that Pino witnessed and probably kept his soul from shattering.
 This is a WW2 story, but from a different aspect - Italy. And from the point of view of a boy who turned into a man as the war progressed in Italy. I found it hard to stop reading.
 This book tells an incredible, but true, tale of amazing  courage, responsibility and unfailing hope. The writing style is beautiful and very vivid. At several points, it brought me to tears. I can't remember that effect from a book before.
 This book is worth reading from cover to cover.  Each person<br/>  Involved in this novel had a significant role during WWII  .So fascinating that it is all true. Appreciated the follow up of all their lives,especially that of the hero.
 This man's life is incredible, thrilling, agonizing, and a testament to human survival instincts.  We need to take care of our veterans, mentally and spirituality as well as physically.  Thank you for my freedom.
 I have been so moved by this untold story of ww2 that i had read twice into some chapters. Through a young boy of 18 years'old eyes,  vivid witnessed what happened in Italy territory at the end of war from 1943 to 1945. One cannot help retrospective thinking about the war, its brutallity, its destructivity , and people's sacrifycing to fight for mankind and peaceful life. It is a true story and it is very convincing.
 Love this book. Extremely hard to put down. Touches all senses, fears, and emotions. I wished there was a 15 rating , I would rate this book at that.<br/>Highly recommend this read for all ages. Didn't realize it is a true story until the end.
 I would like to meet Peno Lella. I want to know what is true and what it not. I found the book fascinating, and if even a fraction is true, amazing. I couldn't put it down. This is in spite of the fact that mediocre writing and too much detail bog down the story.
 Mark Sullivan put a lot of work into this true story of an incredible man during the dark days of Italy's Nazi occupation and how it was living under a truly fascist dictatorship. People toss around the term "fascist" a lot lately, not having a clue as to what fascism really represents! Excellent reading...
 Very touching story. Beautifully described so much so that visualization came easily to me. Was totally absorbed could hardly put it down. The sheer brutality and harshness of the war with the intermingled beauty and tenderness of their love was at times too much to bear. The suffering of that period in the history of the world was immense. I still maintain that war is never the answer and should be avoided at all costs.
 Incredible story. I'm so glad to know Pino's story. Highly recommend, whether you're interested in history or not...the human story is captivating.
 It was well written, and the first war story I have read about Italy's involvement.  However I did not like the brutality of it - I think I have read too many war stories lately!
 A thoroughly enjoyable read about one young lad’s experiences in war torn Italy and how he made a difference hiding Jewish refugees and spying on the Nazis. A real page turner.
 This is one you will enjoy start to finish.  A great true story that will put you in Italy during WWII.  The characters are amazing.
 War has only survivors and it is brutally unfair as to who lives and who dies. It is a difficult truth to accept. This story stays with you and forces you to face this truth and challenges you to fight on in spite of the carnage. These lessons are true in peace as well as war.
 It is amazing  to me  how many countless  heros  there are out there  from  World  War  II.  I am amazed at the stories  that are being  told about all the selfless  acts that took place  during the war. This story reads like a fictional  one and its amazing that this was Pinos life. Thank you for  sharing! !
 Reliving Pino Lela's teenage years, full of hope, love, friendship, family, adventure and then the war, spying, deaths, violence and tragedy. Not knowing that it was a true story at the beginning, it was heart wrenching and gave goose bumps and tears knowing the life of Pino and others who suffered during the war.<br/><br/>By far, one of the best Audible book, great narration. All Audible fans need to experience this.
 If you enjoy stories based on historical events, this novel will entertain you from front to back. It provides a great view into Italian life during the end of World War II. Well done, can't wait for the movie!
 I loved everything about this book! I couldn't put it down. The ingenuity of the people to continue their lives and as well as to thwart the Nazis, the thrills, the intrigue and the heartbreaks all bring the WWII war in Italy to life.
 Combines a tale of WWII history that is not as well known as some, as well as an exciting adventure that was hard to put down. I also enjoyed reading about the beautiful northern Italy region and mountaineering aspects.
 An excellent read, had me gripped from the first sentence. I love reading about historical events, but this book far exceeded my hopes. To read this young mans story after all these years was wonderful. It truly makes you look at your own life and evaluate what is truly the meaning of it all. I can only hope this story will inspire more heros.
 Very interesting WWII book based in Italy and told from the prospective of a teenager caught up in the war.  Even at such a young age he became a hero trying to save others from the German &amp; Italian war machine.  The story takes some unexpected twists and leaves you saddened  that it is based on an actual person.
 Set in Italy during WW II an amazing true story of the horrors and heroism that took place during the war. A country torn apart by Fascists, Nazis, but the spirit of caring, brave Italians helped save thousands of Jewish residents. Gripping novel that is hard to put down.
 I can't describe this book. The things people experienced and did in that war amaze me. And then to know this is a true story corroborated by others and facts really brings it to another level.
 Having been constantly reading for the past 20 years you find most stories readable but  rarely memorable. I am fortunate that I read this book. All the while I was reading I was in Biblio, Casa Alpino, The Duomo  in Milan, Lugano etc. having previously visited many of these places in Italy, I was back, but during WWII.  Never have I been more engrossed in  reliving events that were so very well written, without any fillers or flashbacks. My absolute honor to become acquainted with Pino Lella through the hand of Mark Sullivan. For me, I will never find a more moving or engrossing writing. I wished this story would never end.
 I had started this at one point then picked it back up a month later. I forgot that it was a true story until reading the epilogue at the end of the book. Just an astounding story of a young man's resistance activities in Nazi controlled Italy.
 Helped reader understand what WWll was like for Italians. Explained their philosophy of life, not to dwell on the past but be happy today and plan for tomorrow.
 Learned so much about the untold story of Northern Italy under Mussolini and Nazis. Kind of scary to compare to what is going on in out streets. Most amazing - it's true and the main character still alive provided the memories of a gripping time in history.
 Though the (true) story was inspiring and fascinating, the writing made the story bog down. I did not enjoy reading this book; I would have preferred to have just heard the story of an amazing young man.<br/>This story would make a terrific movie!
 A great must read that takes place during World War 2. A historical fiction novel based of true events from before the start of the war and the end. Fantastic plot and charactors.
 A capturing recount of humanity leaving each person questioning, “ What would I have done? How would I have survived”?
 Most of America knows little or nothing of the tragic history of the Osage Indians. It also paints an embarrassing account of what happens when greed met the oil boom. It was not one of America's finest hours.
 Oh, what a fabulous novel. I loved the main character and couldn't wait to read more. I highly recommend anyone to read this. If you love history, love, courage , beauy, grace and passion. This is for you!!!
 I appreciated the authors prologue that made me want to hear his story.  He told the story so well that I rushed through the book. Sullivan makes the reader feel an integral part of a wonderful, sad, inspiring story. Very well done.
 Am in the middle of reading it.  A very good story...cannot wait to finish it.
 The end of this lovely man's story came too soon... The writing is superb. You will regret not diving into this head first, safety be damned.
 Amazing story.  Beautifully written,  could not put the book down.  How did these people maintain their sanity in a world  gone totally insane?  I don't think enough has been told about the rape of Italy and how the Italians managed to survive.
 Sullivan's telling of Pino Lella's wartime experiences is as engrossing as it gets.  Love, hate, fear, loyalty, selflessness, tragic loss and the life long struggle to come to grips with it all makes for a moving tale, no matter how you slice it.
 This is a long epic of the incredible, exciting life of Pimo Lella during WW 2.  Helping Jews escape over Alpine passes into Switzerland, or serving as the driver of a top tiered Nazi general ( while acting as an allied spy), Pimo's life is exciting, precarious, and meaningful.  I recommend this one!
 A beautiful story of this man's amazing life! Most of it was very sad of course, but the interpretation of it all was wonderful!
 An excellent bed-time read.  This is the kind of story that needs to be told and told again so that these kinds of things don't happen again.  A real and very authentic 'thriller' - and a reminder of times that need to be remembered.
 Found the historical details fascinating.  I learned new facts about the effects of WWII in northern Italy and the amazing acts, of not only one, but many heroes.
 My wife and I both thought the story was very compelling, and if the recounting of the story is true it is amazing.  No way from what was presented in the book to gauge the effect Pino and his younger brother had on the war effort, but it certainly took enormous courage.
 This is a very well written, heart wrenching story of Italy's war against Nazi invasion. I highly recommend this book.
 Such an in-depth story of life, love, death  emotions, and scars left from war.  Written so you feel the deception, cowards, braved, the honesty, the dishonesty, the sins the saints,  the destruction  and resurrection of  lives and countries. The untold story.
 Enlightening and mesmerizing story of a humble<br/>hero.  You find you must love him, his strengths and his weaknesses so well developed that you feel you truly know him. Great job Mr Sullivan.
 Wonderful writing. I didn’t know much about Italy during WWII. I found this story to be riveting and educational.
 What a great read. Characters were brought to life by their surroundings and the events that changed their lives. Nothing glamorous or fictitious. Life recorded as it was and how it happened. Fully recommend this book.
 Enjoyed listening to this story on our trip from  Florida to Massachusetts. I would highly recommend it especially if you enjoy historical novels.
 I put this book down three times in the first 48hrs of reading it because of its slow, slogging pace.  But I'm so glad I stuck with it because not only did the pace pick up, but the story and characters grew evermore intriguing and remarkable. So hang in there then hang on because this is an amazing story told by a master craftsman.
 Great read, and on a lesser discussed aspect of<br/>World War II- the Italian perspective. It's a fascinating view of the Nazi resistance in Milan, and written through the engaging, extraordinary eyes of a real life hero.
 I couldn't put this down. What a powerful story or love, loss, pain and war! It was refreshing to read about the Italian side of WW2.
 Mark Sullivan has written a very special book about an amazing war hero.  His story of young Pino Lella’s acts of heroism during the German invasion of Italy reveal the struggles of the Italian people during that period in history.
 The authors writing was outstanding.  Easy to follow even when it wasn’t difficult to read what was happening.  Kudos to remembering those who did positive work during WW II
 This is the most interesting book that I have read in a long time. Based on historical facts it illuminates just how much impact one person can have upon the outcome of very large events. Restored my faith in the human race. Although, it also highlights how cruel people can be in times of war.
 A must read! Awesome book!<br/> I learned so much about WWII from this book! The story of war, love, spying and learning that things aren't always what they seem.<br/>You'll be touched by this true story, just as I was.
 Such an unique, and until recently, untold viewpoint of the war. I couldn’t put this book down. The main character, Pino, was so enjoyable to read about and his courage, happiness, and melancholy beautifully and tastefully put into words by the author.  Marvelously written , the author keeps the reader in high anticipation concerning how the unfortunate events will play out. If you loved Unbroken or any novel that gives you an alternative perspective  to WWII, this book is a must!
 Did not know what to expect. Makes James Bond meek and undeserving. Pino Lela’s real life adventures and loves proves real life really does out do fiction.
 What an amazing story! Mark Sullivan wrote this so well, it was as though I was next to Pino throughout his journey. Beneath a Scarlet Sky was a heartwarming roller coaster ride of emotions, inspiring achievements, danger, heartbreak and laughter. This is well worth reading; particularly if you are interested in WWII stories and how, despite so much hardship and horror, some good can still be found.
 I fell in love with Pino and his family. I could not put this book down and savored every word written about a heroic young man during one of the darkest times in history.
 As an avid reader of Wwii novels, biographies and such, this book is a treasure. Heart wrenching, exciting and inspiring. This is one of my favorites.
 although i found the navigation references a bit confusing, especially in the mountains, the story is one that should be told and remembered. the author told it very well.
 Excellent reading. Based on good research about pre and during WWII. Information about Italy's involvement in the war.
 This story was engaging from the first page to the last as Pino tries to survive just one more day. And then another and another until everything has come full circle.<br/>  Read enjoy and contemplate the past for it is a truly terrible thing to repeat.
 This is one of the most intriguing, heart-pounding, and amazing stories about WWII I've read. Many books have been written about the heroic actions of ordinary citizens doing extraordinary things in France, Germany, England, Poland, and other parts of Europe, but few have been written about the German occupation in Italy. Mark Sullivan magnificently tells the true story of a young man named Pino Lella. You will be captivated as you read about the lives he saved, the loved-ones he lost, and the amazing life he lived.
 I have read several books about WWII but this is the first from the Italian perspective.  It was most enlightening.
 This historical fiction clings so closely to the reality of the actual events that it is more history than fiction. Extremely well researched, the author brings the place and time to life, in all its beauty and horror, for readers who can only imagine what the last days of the war were like for northern Italy.
 This little known account of a World War II hero was captivating from the start. It was well researched and entertainingly written.  I would recommend this as reading for high school students as an example of putting others before yourself - a quality that seems to be lacking today.
 Following the amazing brave life of Pino as he struggled to survive the horrors of WW2 in Italy was spellbinding. His bravery and courage was beyond belief. The author did such an incredible job researching and interviewing Pino to be able to tell this true story of a real hero.
 I chose this book from the Kindle first choices simply because the others didn't interest me.  The subject matter was way outside my usual reading so I had no great expectations.  So, WOW!  By far the best book I've read in years.  Along with a great storyline and wonderful characters, there's also a surprisingly interesting history lesson here. Great to the end! I highly recommend this book!
 What a fabulous story. There is no wonder why this book got so many five stars. I love historic stories, and this one was an amazing one. A must read for anyone.
 Pino came to life as you embraced his heart pounding saga, his joy, fears and tears in the pages of this well written account that I did not want to reach the end. Thanks to Mr.Sulluvan for giving the rest of the story. Amazing man, amazing life. Will read this again and again.
 I enjoyed this look at WWII Italy from the perspective of an Italian just trying to survive and do what's right.  Towards the end, I couldn't put the book down until I knew rather or not the bad guy got his just desert.
 The story of Pino Lella will resonate with the reader long after the book has ended. Is the quintessential story of innocence, love, hope, pain,<br/> &amp; vindication that defines us as humans.
 All of f the many excellent reviews preceding mine are true, the story, the characters, the tale that unfolds from the author all make this a book you must read.
 I could not put this down.  It is so moving as a real person's story; but Sullivan's writing makes you see and feel deeply.  Yes, it's a cliche to say that the author makes you feel as though you were there; but it's true in this case.  You grow with the character, and I think in part it's because Sullivan himself grew so much through this project.  You want to experience this book!
 Weather you love books on history or a good love story, this book has it all. I was drawn in and felt a part of the history as it unfolded. A truly great and heartfelt story that reaches into you soul and touches your heartstrings. Thank you for sharing this man's story.
 I love reading books about WII . This book was really good and I didn't come across any parts that were boring.  I just wish there were maps and pictures of the mountain places and pictures of the people in the book.
 Very interesting read about World War II, as told from the Italian point of view. All the more heartbreaking because it is based on the life of someone who actually lived through it.
 This is the kind of book that makes you want to go look up everything you've just read in an encyclopedia (or Google).  That's my favorite kind of book. The writing was a bit wordy for me but otherwise a very good historical novel. Now off to look everyone and everything up 😀
 By the end of the book, I felt like I had actually known Pino Lella. I wanted the best for him, his family and his country.<br/><br/>I read this book EVERYWHERE!  At the end of the book on the Kindle Cloud Reader, there's a picture of Pino.  Don't judge, but tears came to my eyes when I saw him. Now THAT'S engagement!<br/><br/>Amazing!
 absolutely fell in love with this young Italian man.  Another story about Nazi occupation, but in Milan,  Completely different<br/>aspect than the usual settings of Germany and France. To think that the story is true, really enjoyed it.  It compares to "The nightingale"<br/>both well written about an ugly time in history.
 Best for someone who wants to belief and not for a doubting Thomas. My thanks to the lady who recommended the book to me.
 Every time I was interrupted during reading I could not wait to get back to it.  I simply loved it.  The story stayed with me long after I'd finished the book.  I went on to Google Maps to visit all the sites mentioned and read up on the war in Italy.  The book has led me on a interesting path of learning and discovery.
 This is an untold story of WWII in Italy. Based on one man's true life experiences. Moving, touching, exciting. Excellent.
 Could not put it down.  One of the best books I have read this year.  Recommend.
 I loved this book. Hooks you at the start and holds you until the last sentence. I never knew the real impact on Italy this war had until now. A history lesson, a love story and an action packed thriller. The writing is just tremendous and made me feel emotions I didn't know I had. This should be required reading in high schools.
 I really loved this book and am so glad I read it. It was wonderful and provided some history of World War II. I would have given it six stars if I could. It was wonderful and a beautiful love story.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a great story of an often forgotten part of Jewish Italian history.  I like how it is historically correct while being a gripping story that had me amazed at what Pino did in his life!
 Lots of good  descriptions without  being  too gory . A picture of WWII not often  told. That  of what happened  in  Italy
 Loved it cover to cover!  Not exactly sure how much was made up and what is fact but it was an enjoyable read that taught me a lot about italy and the war.
 Slightly different perspective of a war story.  Traces the experiences of Pino Lella through a somewhat fantastic journey through war time Italy.  Great character development and enjoyable plot lines. Some happy, a lot sad.  Well worth a read
 As WWII buff and veteran this book has a little something for everyone. Although some of the exploits are near unbelievable they are told with details that makes one believe. I look forward to the motion picture.
 This author did a fantastic job of telling a sad yet incredible story.  He did his research and then spun a tale that was one of the best I have ever read.  I hated to put it aside when other matters had to be handled.
 This is a book that will keep you spellbound to the finish.  The author tells the story so that you feel you are there.  It was an eye opening account of the horrors of war.  Great book.
 I don’t usually write reviews but i felt compelled to do so on this book. The story was amazing and the highs and lows experienced really captured the realities of war. Such a great tale of adventure, love and loss.....very happy to have read this.
 I love historical novels.  This one is well written with adventure and romance inter mixed. I have past it on to my wife to read and enjoy. I have also added it to a list of WWII historical novels I recommend my Grandson read.
 A gripping tale of an incredible person's life. As I pause and reflect I am filled with sorrow and joy.  An unlikely pair.  Notes from this book will be read over and over again.
 It was so interesting to see the holocaust from this perspective. Full of hard choices and excitement, pain, love and drama. Very good read.
 I love historically-based books!  This one does not disappoint, and brings the reader into the lives of those who suffered so much during WWII in northern Italy.  The risks that Pino, his brother and others took to save others makes you appreciate true heros even more. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Beneath-a-Scarlet-Sky-A-Novel/dp/B01L1CEZ6K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel</a>
 If you're questioning whether or not to read this book, do it. It's so incredibly good! You won't regret it
 I hated history when in school. If it could have been presented in in the way this was written I think I would have enjoyed the course more. This was excellent. I enjoyed the personalization of history so much more.
 This is such a beautiful heart wrenching story about WWII and a brave young man from Italy. Pino steals your heart and takes you places that are unimaginable. I am so grateful to those who brought his story for all of us to share. This book &amp; story will stay with me forever.
 Although the writing is quite juvenile and simplistic the story is excellent and somewhat inspiring.
 If you are interested in history then this book is a must read. Excellent!!!
 excellent WELL DONE ! Tells an amazing story, of what happened in the Milan Italy area during world war II. Fast ready and highly recommended , many things, even as a student of WWII history I did not know.
 Great read loved the story
 I love the fact the story is based on true life. I enjoyed reading about the beautiful Milan landscapes . I also gained insights about the wars impact in Italy and on lives of ordinary people and their struggles.
 I wish I had known that this historical novel was based on a true story of a remarkable and brave young man who survived the hell of WWII in Italy.  Impossible to put down.  The author is a wonderful writer.
 This was insight into the real world of the Italians during the war. Also reveled more of the destruction of the Jews.
 Great read!  Based on a true story, the events in this book will have you cheering at times, and shaking your head in disbelief at others.
 This book is fabulous. It deals with the life and events surrounding a young Italian man during WWII. The story is gut wrenching, exhilarating ... there are not sufficient descriptors to really characterize this book. Don't miss it.
 I could not put this book down.<br/>Since I was an American during WW2, I did not know how hard the Italians fought back.  I did not know of their suffering, hardships and bravery.<br/>The author is a great writer who makes the war come alive in vivid detail.
 Historical fiction that tells the incredible tale of the life of one young man doing the last 23 months of World War II. It gives the brutality of war stunning clarity in the midst of our days of relative peace. The author writes with passion that brings Pino alive along with his many emotions.
 Informative, fascinating story of events and people during the last two years of WWII in Northern Italy. It reminds us of all the horror, heartbreak and destruction of war times. In my opinion, this is a well written, optimistic story of survival and the dominance of the human spirit.
 I found this a riveting book about a young Italian teen dealing with WWII and the Nazis who were all over Italy. It was a true story. Learned more of what happened in Italy during that time.
 Starting this story with the author's personal story carried emotion into a very poignant and lasting story.  I will think about this book for a long time.  Our world has become too cynical and mean-spirited--this story of one of the most terrible periods in modern history reminds me of how important one person can be to role model integrity, fierce resolve, spirituality and love.
 I chose this book because it was recommended based on other books I have enjoyed and I was not disappointed! A real page Turner. At times I wished it weren't true (for many reasons) but I never wanted to put it down.
 The life of Pino was amazing!  I had not known much WWII history of Italy.  I read it for a book club selection.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read!  Despite the horrific time in history it is a well written historical novel.  The author's descriptions made me feel as if a part of me was there.  I am planning to read more written by MARK SULLIVAN!
 I was not really familiar with any of the experiences in Italy during World War II. This is a fascinating and yet horrific story of true courage and tragedy. I was not able to put it down once I began. And now I am eager to read more stories taking place in Italy at that time.
 Gripping and gut wrenching tale based in part on the true life adventures of an unsung Italian war hero who at different intervals, served as a guide leading Jews escaping Nazi oppression via the Alps and later as a spy driving for a high ranking Nazi general.  The horror of just how terribly human beings can treat each other is a bit jarring at times, but once I started on the journey with young Pino, I was compelled to complete it.  I understand there is a cinematic version in production and I am anxiously awaiting it.
 This was an incredible read- loved every page and didn’t want it to end. Realistic gut-wrenching anguish mixed with true Italian passion.
 This would have been considered unbelievable in real life and only a Hollywood movie creation. But the story is real and the reader will be astounded at what actually occurred. What a life this guy has had!!
 One of the most interesting books I've read in a long time gave me a new perspective of Italy in World War II and there and their trials during that war is that are not
 Loved this book. I read a lot of WWII stories, but not so many about Italy and it was fascinating. The main character was a real man and led the most interesting life. I would highly recommend this book.
 Actually a true story which I didn't realize until the end. Insight into Milan, Italy life during Mussolini and Hitler's time. The main character leads a double life as the driver of a Nazi general, and as an informer to the Resistance. Uplifting, heroic tale which I foresee being made into a movie. The title and cover photo don't do this book justice.
 Inspiring tale of a boy, a man, and a hero in every sense of the word.  Gripping tale that makes you want to read on.
 I liked that it was a true story about a real person.  Not crazy about the writing.  Character seemed too heroic and unrealistic.
 Very suspenseful.  Learned a lot about what was happening in Italy during Hitler &amp; Mussolini’s dictatorship.  Easy to read because the facts were interspersed with the story of a family’s life, particularly one son, during this time of horror.
 Felt it was tedious and a bit boring the first few chapters and then it became better and ended great!  Didn't realize it was a true story till the end and would definitely recommend!
 This was a excellent read.  I would like to believe that the accounts and memories are true as depicted but I also realize that time erodes the accuracy of many memories so even though I may not be totally accurate or true it was a fastinating read.
 I'm reading and listening to the Audible version alternately.  At first I thought the narration might be the reason why I just wasn't liking the book.  It sounds like it's written for an adolescent audience.  But switching to the Kindle version didn't help.  The characters are very simple, with no depth or complexity. So far, any hard situation is solved by "I'll pray" and poof problem solved.  I know this is based on a true story, but perhaps a better editor could have pulled some dimension or itnensity out of the author.  Any comparison to All the Light We Cannot See or the Nightingale is disservice to them.  I'm really not sure if I want to waste the time listening to the rest of the book.  I suspect the story might be interesting, but with the writing on such a facile level, I'm not sure it's worth it.
 This is an incredible story, especially because it is based on actual events, people, and places. It is one of those stories that you can't stop thinking about even when you put the book down. I found myself wanting to talk with someone about the atrocities Pino witnessed, the improbable coincidences, miracles and twists and turns his life took, and the range of raw human  emotions described throughout the book: indescribable joy and triumph, pure terror, crushing guilt, murderous rage, utter and complete despair and redemption. The reader walks alongside Pino through every one of these human feelings we are blessed and cursed to experience. It is exhausting at times. This book is more than mere entertainment, it is a portrait of a man that puts the Dos Equis beer "most interesting man in the world" to shame. (And he's not even fictional) I don't think anyone could make up a more heart-wrenching, miraculous, and fascinating story. It would seem too far fetched.
 I didn't know that this book was about a real person. I'll put this book of non stop action in with All the Light I cannot see &amp; The Nightengale. It was very descriptive &amp; detailed into the horrors of war.
 It was a very interesting view of the plight of the Italians during World war II. It showed the hrad decions that family members had to make to get the information needed to defeat a ruthless enemy. Inspiring!
 Amazing tale. Heroic, romantic, Daring and tragic. Depicts the insanity of war, yet the power of love, hope &amp; faith in humanity.
 I love historical fiction and this one was  no disappointment (though I'm not sure fiction is an appropriate term - it's  really a biography). More journalistic in style than artistic, but it definitely held my interest as it told the tale of a courageous and talented young Italian during the later years of WWII while revealing many facets of life in Italy under Mussolini and Hitler in the last few years of WWII.
 Based on a true story this books opens your eyes to the reality of war. Shocking and fascinating it was a real page turner for me.
 It's not just another book about WWII. It was interesting with well research details and a story that draws you in.
 One of the most fantastic books I hase ever read. It is story that needs telling because many of us never knew of the horrors that happened i Italy. Te author must be comended for writting this story and for all the research that went into the writing.
 Little has been written on the invasion of Italy.  The author beautifully captures the life of one man, his family, his friends and the role he played in helping his country and the Allied forces. His courage at 17 is beyond comprehension as his, his younger brothers.  Worthy of 5 stars.
 I truly loved reading this book! Mark writes with such excellence--I could not put it down! I had no idea so much fighting and suffering went on in Milan. I went hiking in the Swiss Alps last year and the vivid scenes in the book are so realistic! I highly recommend it!
 From the very beginning, the story of both author and hero was difficult to put down. It grabbed my imagination and put me into the survival of WWII with all senses on high alert. For anyone with an interest in the war, this was a fascinating view from inside the will to survive.
 This is one of the best WWII novels that I have read in a long time. Well-written, and with non-existent editorial errors, it held my interest to the end. I am glad I did not miss this story; it will remain with me for a long time.<br/>I am so grateful that a few of these old war heroes are finally coming forward to tell their experiences before they have all gone to the grave. As difficult as they are to express, these stories need to be told for posterity.<br/>Thank you, Mr. Sullivan, for your efforts to bring the tale of Pino Lella to light, that more may know of our unsung heroes forged in the hell of war.
 Excellent read.  This WWII biography reads like a novel. Get to know Pino and his life Italy.  His experience will stick with you.
 Incredible story..I was amazed at the courage of Pink and Mimo.I am so glad the story was written. My thanks to the author for writing just an exciting reply of hidden history
 This historical fiction was a great read! It gives an accurate picture I believe of wartime which we all should read so we hopefully don't repeat what has happened in the past and what soldiers actually went through and the tough choices they had to make and I've with the rest of their lives'
 What a great story of family, love, faith and  friendship. Heartbreaking at times but so well written, a great read!
 I absolutely loved this book, and as a lover of World War 2 historical fiction in general, this book is one of my favorites. The different plot lines are very compelling and Pino is a great good guy and someone I found myself rooting for throughout the book. The only thing I found unrealistic about this story is how Pino is somehow good at everything he does, this did not make him a very easy character to relate to. But other than that I recommend this book to any fan of historical fiction!
 I absolutely love well written historical fiction.  This book was one of the best; I have recommended it to others with agreement from them.  My compliments to the author.  Looking forward to the next superb book.
 I would recommend this fine read to anyone that searches for meaning amidst the wreckage of cruel and unprovoked suffering. I am humbled that this writer was able to share such a passionate and awe inspiring story of love.
 You know, I have read so many books through Amazon but have never posted any reviews. "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" was just so powerful that I had to say something. It has all the feels and really keeps you turning the page. I have never been a huge fan of WWI or WWII novels, but something about this one just did it for me. Excellent writing, amazing plot--crazy to know that it's all based on a real person and their real life. Magnificent.
 A very captivating novel about a genuine hero of WWII.  At times it seemed a bit too much to believe but reading further just opened your eyes of the atrocity and heroism.
 I have seldom read a book that stopped my life - even in the intro! Having traveled in Italy one time the book became quite personal from the very beginning. But as the story began, I found myself drawn into the ever changing, breathtaking, intensity of the true story! A masterpiece of history and the resilience of the human spirit! A must read!!
 An incredible look at an often overlooked part of ww11 from the perspective of the people who lived through it
 Interesting book and well written.  As advertised, in the vein of All the Light We Cannot See, and the Nightingale.
 Great story of a forgotten part of WW2. I’ve been to Milan and Como wish I had read this before going. Next time I go I will see it in a new light. Highly recommend this book!
 I absolutely fell in love with Pino and his family. The author took me  there. I cried laughed and became overwhelmed at times. I'm thankful i got to read this amazing book.
 Loved this book!!!  Based on true facts and happenings.  The author did a great job.
 This is one of the most exciting stories I've read in a long time. From the beginning, this book takes off and doesn't slow down until the end. The writer tells the story in a way which allows the reader to experience the emotions of the characters, the beauty of the landscape, and the horrors of the war. In all, I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book.
 This book is entertaining, interesting because it brings to focus a part  of history and reminds all of us  of the horrors  of war, especially at a time when many consider to be the solution to world problems.
 At first I thought the writing was amateurish, but once the story got going, I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Will recommend it to my book club
 This book was completely new to me never having know Italy's part in WW2.  I had a hard time putting this book down, and hated that it had to end.
 This story would be unbelievable if it were not true. Thanks to the author for bringing the story to life.  This is a part of the war that has remained untold until now. How Pino survived all is a miracle.
 This wonderful tale of Pino is so well told the reader can almost smell the fresh air of the Alps and taste the Italian wine. It is a tale of bravery weekly beyond the norm in a setting of chaos and death
 It does get a bit wordy at times, as stated in a previous review.  But a super good read.  Truly enjoyed it.
 Another great WWII novel.  I love that the events are true and appreciate the author's extensive research to tell Pino Lella's story.  Amazing stories of survival.  Reminded me of Laura Hildebrand's book "Unbroken".
 I thoroughly enjoy historical fiction, and this story is even better given that it is based on the life of someone who lived through this period.  The adventures this man (still a teen when it starts) are amazing!  If I hadn't read the prologue to know the main character is still alive, the heart stopping moments would have lasted even longer.<br/><br/>The author does an excellent job describing scenes, building characters, and keeping me turning the pages.  The horrors of war become personal in this tale, with the losses experienced by those who had fighting hit their territory, their home.  I'm fascinated by how people go on, enduring the losses and finding ways to live well despite what has happened to them-and Mark Sullivan does an excellent job portraying this in his book.
 This story was so moving. Full of excitement, love and grief. I am amazed this story was not told sooner. What an amazing young man Pino Lella was. Mark Sullivan did a great job describing the young man Pino was. A true war hero! You won't be able to put this book down! Can't wait for the movie!
 I bought this book and started it three nights ago. At the time there were just 10 reviews, tonight there are 31 reviews, and that number is sure to soar.<br/><br/>I don't often have the time to post a review, but this book impacted me so much, I had to speak up. Having just finished it an hour ago my thoughts are still in it, reliving the story, incredulous at all the events that Pino Lella lived through. There were several times I had to stop, crying for the pain of WW2, disgusted by the atrocities and needless deaths that occurred, for Pino's own losses. This story means so much more to me knowing it's based on a true story. I'm sincerely moved by the bravery of Pino and so many who fought courageously to save as many people as they could. I wish I could meet this man, this legend Pino, who didn't think much of his actions, considered himself cowardly, yet his actions affected and saved so many from hell on earth.<br/><br/>My heart is sincerely affected by this story. It is truly the BEST Kindle First book I've ever received. I read at least one of them each month, but this is the most powerful, best quality I've come across. In fact, it's one of the best books I have EVER read.  A movie could be made from it and I wish it would. It constantly drew my mind back to the Louie Zamporini story, Unbroken. It's that good, maybe better.  Who wouldn't be moved by a story of a brave young man who lived with the enemy without getting caught, facing certain death? And he's so passionate. His love with Anna was so precious, so special, words just fall short to describe. If it were pure fiction I wouldn't be as moved. To think that this young man Pino was so close to the Nazi's, keeping emotions and fear in check so that he wouldn't be discovered. That takes a lot of strength and more importantly, divine protection.<br/><br/>I am now moved to read Mr. Sullivan's other books. It takes a rare talent to pull a reader in at this depth, making you to care so much for the people in it, riveted to the book to find out what happens next (as so many reviews have mentioned). I was so focused on the book, part of my dinner burned and I couldn't care, I had to get no back to the story. It's that good.<br/><br/>As it turns out, this blessing of a book to us was a blessing to the author too. Prior to learning of Pino's story, he doubted his own life's value and considered that he might be worth more dead than alive. I'm grateful that he was lead to find this strong and brave man, Pino Lella of Milan, Italy, to tell this story which deserves to be told. It makes me wonder how many other stories we'll never hear about. I hope that Mark Sullivan would see how much his work affects people and continue to share his gift. Not just for entertainment purposes, but the stories that scream to be told. A great story teller is hard to find.<br/><br/>Thank you Mark Sullivan for taking us on this journey. May God continue to use you and the great gifts He's given you to inspire and move peoples hearts.
 It started a bit too slow and detailed for me but very soon I was situated in the story and could not put the book down!! Great story! Highly recommend! One of very few stories I've read about Italy in WWII!
 For a college professor teaching Entrepreneurship, this book was far outside my usual readings. A friend recommended it to me and I’m oh so happy she did. It was an excellent book that allowed me the insight of local life in Italy during WWII. I hope many others buy and read this book by Mark Sullivan, I really enjoyed it.
 Simply the best story ever told.<br/>The narration was phenomenal. Will Damron has an articulate, sensitive voice that made the most of an incredible story.<br/>One for the ages, up there with Romeo and Juliette, Gone With The Wind and A Farewell To Arms.<br/>Hope they make a movie of this dramatic story, one that has the ROMANCE of "The Summer Of '42" and the WAR TRAGEDY of<br/>"Unbroken" or "Saving Private Ryan".  The audio of BENEATH A SCARLET SKY had me crying so much, I had to pull over not to crash my car. I rate it five stars, but I would give it 10 if they had five more!!
 Great choice for our book club this year.  One of my favorites on our list.  We read a lot of WW II stories about the Nazis from various perspectives but this is unique.  An untold story about an unsung hero Pino.
 Well-written and thoroughly researched this novel is an excellent example of creative non-fiction. I recommend it to anyone seeking a true story of both love and courage.
 Riveting, human, and realistic about what has happened. Told in a way the leaves the reader to make up his own mind about a reality that most of us had no idea existed. Another perspective of about History, one I lived through as a boy six thousand miles away and relatively untouched.
 Written as a novel but a window into a time of depravity and horrendous behavior as well as bravery and faith. Compelling and emotional with an insight to life and conditions of behavior in Europe during WW 2. Kudos to Author Mark Sullivan.
 Well-written, incredibly emotional and entertaining story of a remarkable life. The author writes of the relentless Pino Lella and his adventures in war-torn Milan. It is a fast read; pretty much impossible to put down. One of the best books I have ever read.
 Sullivan writes so well and the story of Pino Lella is fascinating. I couldn't put it down, but did not want it to end either.<br/>Can't wait for the movie!!
 I gulped this novel down wanting to know what happened next on the roller coaster ride of love , horror and honor during the War. Thank you Mr Sullivan
 This is an important piece of the history of WW 2, some of what was happening in Italy.  Need more.
 Incredible true WWII story.  This is a cold slap in the face realizing there are millions of stories from this hellish war, most untold. Thank fate this one made it to the light.<br/> So wonderfully energized, the action never stopped.  There is empathy, laughter, suspense, romance, sheer hell, and especially hope. Great book.
 This is a must read! It’s detailed and well written. Suspenseful and hard to put down. This is definitely a tear jerker. It’s a up close insight to the war with details right to the spot. I love it. Pleaseeeee read this. You won’t regret it.
 It took a little bit for me to really get into this book, but once I did I couldn't put it down. I had to see what was on the next page. The author brought these characters to life making the reader feel Pino's love, his anxiety, his pain and his ultimate release. Very good book.
 I purchased this book based upon reviews, and the amazing story of Pino Lella did not disappoint. He was a true hero of the Greatest Generation, and I learned so much about a geographical area of WWII about which much less is written. The author wrote in a way that made it hard to put the book down. Like the Zamperini story of Unbroken, I hope this one becomes a movie!
 One of the best WW2 books I have ever read. This book tells the story of what a young man did to help liberate Italy and save many Jewish souls from certain death. This story would make a blockbuster movie. The author's portrayal of Pino Lella's heroic accomplishments are superb and unmatched,
 Great true story told by an incredible writer. Highly recommend to anyone who likes history and a truly great book
 Wonderful read! Could not put it down. Felt all the horror of the times but knew the story was true and the main character had lived to tell it which kept me going through the worst of times. I never knew what the Italian people had suffered in WWII. I also was so happy to read how the church and many wonderful<br/>Italian citizens risked their lives to save the Jews.
 For those who love historical fiction, I would definitely recommend Beneath a Scarlet Sky.  The book gives the reader a glimpse of what life was like during WWII in Italy. Thank you to the real life Pino who risked his life countless times to save other people's lives, and thank you to Mark Sullivan for bringing this story to life.
 I really didn’t want this book to end. It’s a book that makes you laugh, cry, and everything in between. It’s a book about war, love, and forgiveness and I couldn’t put it down. So if you are interested in losing sleep and not talking to your spouse because you can’t stop reading then please read this book. It’s amazing!
 Very exciting. Fast pace,  slows only when it needs to.  Main character well developed.  Am looking forward to reading another book by this author.  It was my first book to read in electronic format  and I enjoyed it. My wife picked it out for me as I was going to drive for 8 hours and I warned something to listen to as I drove. It made  for much more enjoyable business trip.
 A book that is hard to put down.  An amazing true story of a 17-year-old boy in Italy when it was invaded by Germany.  The invaluable lesson that life constantly changes and to be grateful for each moment you are alive.
 An excellent account of the depths of evil and the heights of goodness that can be achieved by the human spirit.
 This is without a doubt the best book I have read this year. I just finished this and I just gut punched. My uncle fought in Italy in WWII and he er talked of the things he saw.  I understand why.  Blessings to the men and women involved in this situation.
 A true story of love, struggle and survival during one of the darkest times in world history. I couldn't put it down!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book despite the horror of WWII.  The characters were well done and it was often difficult to put the book down.
 Full of twists and turns, love, hate, and despair, this story of occupied Italy during WWII is told through the eyes of a young Italian boy. It's an account of innocence lost and maturity acquired, as he grew to manhood in dangerous  times. The treachery, secrets, and lies, made the book hard to put down.
 Such a moving story of fear and heroism, passion and hate, routine life and total destruction. Will bring tears to your eyes.
 I am stunned after reading this book and realizing that it is a true story.  Utterly amazing.  Mark Sullivan told this story with amazing compassion and understanding of the events.
 Remarkable story that needed to be told. World war two is one of my favorite things to read and learn about
 Could not put this down from page one. The epilogue brings the story to life.Well written, beautifully crafted characters set in the tragic romance of WWII Italy.
 interesting story about a facet of WW2 that one may not think about generally.
 Well written and very interesting piece of history brought to life by an exceptional author. From the very beginning you brought into the story and captured through many twist and turns. Hard to put down.
 good read.  this is a page turner PLUS  author  tells you what happened  to the characters after the war which is VERY nice
 This story is unbelievable!<br/>While at times the telling seems less than polished, it has everything you might expect from first rate thriller fiction. But it's true!<br/><br/>A must-read for history buffs<br/><br/>As you may have gathered, I enjoyed it.
 I very much enjoyed reading this book.  It is amazing to think it is a true story.  Thank you, Mark Sullivan.
 I'd recommend this for historical fiction fans even though it's NOT fiction. Storytelling at its finest, I followed the adventures of Pino on Google maps and looked at photos of Milanese buildings before and after the war.  This is a hard-to-believe sorry of heroism and heartbreak.
 Even though this has to be the one hundredth book I've read on WW II, this was one of the best.  Fast paced, griping events presented from the point if view of Pino Lella who lived it.  Excellent.  Must read if you like WWII genre.
 Heartbreaking tale of WW II and the victims and survivors.<br/>Piano is a key player in this book of war, love found and lost.
 Wonderful story about one of the heroes of the war. The struggles of his family and how they all did what they had to do to survive and how they put their lives on the lines to help save others. Great read. Be sure to read the aftermath, it gives you all the insight as to what happened to all of them after the war.
 One of the best books I've read in  long time. Artfully written the book contains both descriptive characters and brilliant story.
 What a story! At the beginning, it seemed a bit dry, like a diary. However, I was taken away by the story! I have a 17-year-old son (joining the US military this summer) and wonder at how a boy becomes a man so quickly when faced with life and death struggles. Pino doesn't think himself a hero, but I think heroic events happen when ordinary people step up and selflessly do the right thing in difficult and dangerous times. I especially liked the scene (vague not to spoil) when he's trapped with others and wants to just curl up and cry. "I'm only a 17-year-old boy", yet he sees responsibility to others &amp; overcomes his crippling fear.<br/>This story made WWII become real to me. It's one thing to read facts about it (which this book has plenty of -- some I just skimmed over because it was too much for me, though did get me interested in Italy), but another to hear a personal eyewitness's description. I understand the "amnesia" to try to forget the horrific atrocities of this time, but I think it's important to know what happened; the reality of evil, the good in the midst of bad, the importance of people met along the way, the danger of mob mentality, and so many other lessons to be learned from history.<br/>Thank you, Mark Sullivan, for pursuing this story. Thank you, Pino Lella, for sharing it. Pino, if you are reading this, know that we don't all have heroic moments, but we all have regrets. Trust in Jesus' heroic sacrifice completely for forgiveness, grace &amp; ultimate salvation. God bless you.
 A fabulous novel of bravery, honor and tragedy that overcomes the worst of humanity and is victorious in the end.<br/>Congratulations to the author on a wonderful work.
 Cane in great condition but plot is drawn out and book is overrated. There are lots of haulocaust books out there and this one doesnt stand out as better to me. Could have been 100 pages less in length
 I can't even describe how much I loved this book. It's one of the best I have ever read and was beautifully written. To know it was a true story just wows me even more. Absolutely amazing and I would recommend it to anyone.
 I was fascinated by this previously untold story about World War I I in northern Italy.  Well written and completely fascinating.  The characters are well developed.  The story is a look at history around Milan.  A great mix of Nazi violence, partisan retribution, love and life kin an impossible situation.
 How grateful I am for the true heroes in this book who fought against evil no matter what the cost.  Twists and turns, beautiful scenery, touching love affairs of the young and old.  I gained great life lessons from this book.  Read it and decide for yourself, you won't be disappointed.
 This is the story of a coward.  While he brave, he only followed orders and silence.  He did not make any effort to testify against the name responsible for so many deaths because it may have triggered his own.
 Extraordinary book about an extraordinary life.  Beautifully written and is full of suspense, mystery, romance, and drama.  And true too! What a combination!  One of my absolute favorite books of all time!!
 I just finished this book last night. It is a gripping and interesting story. However, I did not like the style of writing. I felt many moments in the book were rushed which resulted in a loss of emotional impact for me. I only felt like Pino's character was fleshed out completely. The other characters were poorly written. This is one book where I can see a movie version actually being better.
 I loved this book-it was a part of history I had no idea about. There were a few parts I skipped, because it was hard to read about the Nazi camps, but it was riveting, personal and human. A great story.
 A magnificent piece of fiction is th  only way to describe this book. I have not cried harder while feeling so inspired in so long. A long lost story of a piece of war I didn't even know existed. My heart is full knowing about great men like Pino Lella and what they did for the good of others.
 So good! Hard to put it down and it was a great thrill ride. Written so the reader feels everything the main characters feel and paints the fascinating story of Italy during WWII.
 This is a very interesting book and teaches a lot about WWII Italy.  It is based on a true story and the main character is still living.  Well worth reading.
 This is not my normal genre of read but found it very enjoyable. Parts of it moved me and I found myself relating some of the scenes with my girlfriend.  It made me viscerally feel the atrocities that occurred in occupied Italy during WWII. I admire the research that went into the writing of this book.
 I couldn't believe this was a true story!  What a life this man led and the people he has met.  He should be awarded a medal.  Very good read and emotional at times.  I would and have recommended this book.
 A story that stays with you long after you've read the last page. We need these first-hand accounts of history, so that we don't forget that unless we're informed of the past, the same abuses will be repeated. We owe our very existence to this brave young man, his family and every member of the Resistance. A must-read.
 I enjoyed reading this book and found it captivating on many levels; most notably human spirit and sheer determination in the face of tragedy. A very compelling story...hard to put the book down.
 This story was an amazing account of bravery and dedication and love. I highly recommend it as reading for anyone.
 Superb story relaying a part of history seldom thought of.  Held my interest throughout - such bravery and sacrifice.
 Mark Sullivan, an author who lives "over the mountain" from my home in Missoula, pulled together a compelling World War II story from Italy that was practically unknown to me. His meticulous research and skillful writing had me turning pages to discover the next revelation…and the next, and the next…about the larger than life Pino Lella. Bellisimo!
 Well done. I was captivated throughout. A personal story of heroism, grief, love, and enduring struggle to live life to its fullest. By reading this book, you will learn new facts, and look at your life through new eyes.
 I loved and hated this story at the same time.  I loved it because the writing made me feel as though I was right there, watching, feeling, hearing and smelling everything that was going on. I experienced climbing the Alps, driving (flying) down the road with bombs exploding behind me and the loss and pain I saw watching friends and loved ones perish before my eyes. I hated this story because it was so vivid and told the story of the suffering that comes from war and hatred of your fellow man.  It made me sad that so many people had to suffer. That being said, my favorite thing about the book was the overwhelming amount of courage, faith and determination Pino had.  His will to do what was right and good in spite of all the obstacles in front of him. I gave it 4 stars because I hate Nazis, but in all fairness the writing was a 5 star novel.
 I feel that I was there in Italy witnessing history. This is so well written. Knowing it is a true story made it so real to me.
 I loved reading this book! I was constantly on the edge of my seat while reading, wondering what would happen to Pino next. I laughed and I cried and sat amazed at the story after I was finished reading. This is truly a remarkable story that needs to be remembered.
 An amazing true tale of war torn Italy that gives readers a riveting story of personal bravery, courage  and passion.  It is a story that makes us appreciate the horrors of war and the need to embrace every day as a gift.
 Great story from first hand account of WWII in Italy.  I could not put this down!  Not many books of personal events in Italy.
 A page turner impossible to put down...xtrong.y record me down this historical novel. I fe.t myself transported to Italy witnessing g the end date of the war
 This book has fully developed characters that are larger than Life. Suspense, romance, intregue, history all wrapped up in one package. Loved every word. Appreciated the wrap up. READ THIS BOOK!
 It was a spell binding story that brought a war into family and personal love and great loss. Beautifully written and made you feel like you could see the mountains as well as the scarred city.  I highly recommend it.
 Peno Lella's story sheds enlightenment on the dark, untold truths of Nazi occupied Italy during WWII. An educational and unforgettable read!
 This book was so well written, impossible to put down and at times impossible to read. The horror and suffering of life. The depths of evil.  How fearless people fought for life. Amazing.
 This has become another favorite! It is passionate, well written and so hard to put down! I was transported in time and felt like I was living the story! It is very graphic at times so be aware you will experience true pictures of war!
 This was such an engaging book----hard to put down.  I love reading about bravery and how people survive horrible situations.  This book is all of that.  I also learned a lot about WWII in Italy also.  Highly recommended book.
 I read a lot, good fiction, but mostly history.  This is probably the best historical fiction book I've ever read. A genuine page-turner based on the real life of a remarkable and admirable young Italian in WW II.
 Even as a novel it reads so much like a true story of that fateful time.
 Highly recommended. Again, truth is stranger, and much more interesting than fiction. The author deserves many kudos for the tremendous amount of research, effort and skill required to tell Pino Lella's incredible story.
 Spellbinding, feel as if I were there.  Living characters, in awe of the way the author`s ability to make the truth, however ugly, live again.
 WE did this book as a part of a book club.  What a good read.  It kept your attention so much, it was a fast read.  Many good questions brought up and answered.  Am going to give the book  to a relative for Christmas.
 Did not realize this was not a work of fiction until the end. A good story, perhaps made better if one reads the last chapter first.
 Great read about the Italian front during wwii. Mountain climbing well presented.
 A great book about a part of the Great War we know so little about. And a man that lead an almost unbelievable life. A story that makes me wonder if a person could survive all he did.
 Interesting bit of history...Italy near the end of WWII.  The writing was pretty good. I was in awe of the courage and resilience of Pino, and the others.
 I really enjoyed this story.  It's ups and downs and all the characters and action.  Well written, a story well told.
 I am really enjoying this book. It gives me more of an understanding about Italy in the war. The only thing I don't like is the sexual context and cursing. It was done tactfully and the cursing is rare but I wouldn't let my kids listen to it for that reason. Other than that it's a great book!
 An excellent book.  Probably wordier than it needed to be, but the fact that it is a true story made it really compelling.  There is so much available to read about WWII, but little about Italy in the war.  The Italian people endured a lot under the despicable dictator, Mussolini.
 The story of Pino Lella was absolutely fascinating. I was engrossed in it start to finish. His character was charming yet the strength required of him was commendable. The sacrifices he made based on his commitment to God and his evident “calling” were truly commendable. I highly recommend Beneath a Scarlet Sky.
 It is a story that shames you for the privileged life the generations that followed get to live without one ounce of honor or duty for achieving it. Makes you want to be a better person because it has given us a blessed life.
 Great book!  Definitely a never before told story of WWII. I’m glad it was told. Thank you Pino for sharing!
 A story that could have been written as an action adventure spy tale.  The amazing thing is it is based on facts that transpired during WW II in Italy. A very satisfying and heart-rending tale. It is a story that will take root in your mind and never let you forget.
 When I have a book that I cannot put down and read virtually nonstop until I get through it, that is a good book. I definitely would have to add this to the list of books that are impossible to put down.
 Well written and interesting read. It is so sad what this poor guy went through. I thoroughly enjoyed reading it.
 I always like a based on a true story movies, TV shows and books.  I find, however, that I prefer more emphasis on the non-fiction aspect and less on made up dialogue and romance. Liked the follow up with the aftermath.
 In recent months I have been "captured" by writings of the Italian Resistance and spirit during WW II. This novel, a mixture of history and story, is near the top of the list. The heart and bravery of all who strive to live through times like this - and do what good they can in spite of the atrocities - are examples for us all. Love in all forms wins, even if it doesn't always seem like it.
 This book was amazing. The life if Pino Lella deserves to be shared with the world. I hope this well-written book will accomplish that. Congratulations to Mark Sullivan!!!!
 Fascinating story beautifully written.  Riveting.  Hard to put it down.  Hooked right from the start.  Incredibleccwhat people went through and how they endured or tried to
 Excellent historical novel
 If you like reading about WW II this is the book for you.  I highly recommended it. And i loved seeing Pino Lella’s picture!
 Such a well written book. Grabs your attention with the first sentence. Amazing story that needs to be heard and remembered.
 Unlike any other story I've read about the war...this one brings you right into the heart of one young man. Many sad moments but knowing it is surrounded by history....it keeps it alive.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Before this, I knew very little about how WWII affected northern Italy. If historical fiction (based on fact) is your cup o' tea (as it is mine) don't pass this one by!
 Loved this book ... Couldn't put it down... At times I would gasp in shock and at other times I would smile and rejoice with the characters. Read this you won't regret it!
 I want to give it a 3.5.  I was a good book lots of action I definitely couldn’t wait to find out how everything would unfold.  Great characters.  I would certainly recommend this to other people.<br/><br/>This was a great book to get me back into reading
 My book club picked this book and I wasn't sure what to expect.  The first few pages had me wondering if I would be able to get through 500+ pages.  By the end of the first chapter I was hooked and read the entire book in three days. I could not put it down.<br/><br/>Since finishing the book I have been Googling everything I can on Italy during WWII.  Thank you Mr. Sullivan for one of my favorite books.
 I couldn't put this book down. Well written and researched. An aspect of WWII that needs to be told. One of the best books I have read. Excellent
 Very interesting war story
 Really interesting viewpoint of WWII, one we don't hear much about. Found the characters well developed and the adventures thilling and sad at the same time. Highly recommend!
 Great book. Learn so much about the war in Italy which you don't hear much about. Easy way to learn the history in a story form! Loved it
 Beautifully written, and keeping our attention to the very end, this is a lost story that is a must for all of us who love WWII stories and enjoy reliving them at the hand of a talented author. Highly recommended.
 Beautiful story and beautifully told.  I recommend this book to everyone, young and old but specially the young. Everyone needs to know the suffering of all that where involved in this war.
 Great story and to know this is based on a true story is awesome.  Good read. I loved the author's interview with the lead character at the end of the book.  Worth reading every word of it.  Quite a man; quite a story!
 We listened to audio book while traveling. Looked forward to getting in the car so we could finish the story!  Descriptions of the war are shocking, even more so when you remember they are true. This book was recommended to us by a friend, and now it's our chance to recommend to others.
 Vivid detail. Fascinating story.  I totally escaped into the story and couldn’t wait to turn each and every page. An historical novel that is devastatingly truthful and tragic, yet still filled with love, determination, and faith.
 My son is 17 and reading of 17 year old Pino Lella's life is just heartbreaking and inspiring. Such an interesting story of WW2 in Italy. I learned so much and the writing made the book a joy to read. Couldn't put it down.
 Great read. Knowing this was a WWII book, I didn't expect a happy ending or all the questions about that time in history to be answered. I couldn't stop reading Pino's story.This reader experienced the heartache of war and the joys of life...and those places we find to fill us with  eternal peace that sustains us.
 This is a worthwhile read if you want to be exposed to unsung hero’s who bear almost unbelievable weight.  Can’t imagine how you turn this into a move.
 The writing style bothered me at first, but don't let it turn you off.  This is a very engrossing story that makes you not want yo put it down. There are some annoying details (like using metric measurements to describe things frequently, then switching to imperial the next sentence), but overall a great read
 By far this was the best Kindle First offering yet!  I enjoyed this book almost as much as the best-selling Unbroken. Thank you Amazon Prime!<br/><br/>If you like WWII stories of courage, loss, and how common people do remarkable things under duress, this will be a rewarding read.  The story is a true one, but not one most are familiar with, since the war's impact on Milan is not as well-known as stories about the Resistance in Paris.  There was a resistance in Milan, and many people found themselves having to choose sides, at great cost no matter the choice.  Saving Jews from the Nazis is so heroic that any story about it is worthy of reading.  The hero of this historical novel was a real person who did amazing things he never dreamed would be required of him.<br/><br/>The writing is very good, and aside from a very few unnecessary profanities that seemed thrown in just for effect, bordered on excellent prose.  There aren't many, only a handful.<br/><br/>Having traveled extensively in Italy I loved the descriptions of towns and street names and landmarks that evoked fond memories for me.  There were many heroic Italians in WWII and you will meet several key figures in the pages of this historical novel that takes a true story and presents it like a spy/action novel, entertaining, sobering, and uplifting.  Humans endure a lot in war time, but our humanity emerges brightly when there is a need for service and sacrifice.  Pino Lella was a common man who became a hero that few in the world knew was one.  After finishing the final chapter recounting his post-war life, he might get my vote for World's Most Interesting Man, more substantive than the guy in the TV commercials.  I had never heard of Pino before this book, but I'm glad I learned of him and what he experienced as a witness to history and as a maker of it.
 Italy is a rare setting for WW II novels and the Catholic underground almost unknown. The main character complexities grow along with the novel. The beginning reads like a young adult novel as Pink thoughts and emotions are juvenile. All that changes as he lives more than a lifetime during the war. Kudos to the author for a fine novel
 This "novel of biographical and historical fiction" is beautifully presented.  I cannot put the book down.  I intend to look into other works by Mark Sullivan.
 This was an excellent and compelling story. I learned so much more about the war in Italy.
 This book draws you in.  It grabs you and won't let go until you finish.  Incredible.  For evil to prosper, good men must stand by and do nothing.  It's amazing how one good man, who refused to stand by and do nothing, changed the world.
 I loved this book.  I'd rate it in the top 5 I've ever read.  I was engrossed from the beginning but I didn't read the forward first so I didn't know it was based on a true story until the end.  I went on Mark Sullivan's website and there found pictures of Pino Lella - a true hero.
 Read like non-fiction. Intriguing story, and not like a history book. I look forward to finding another Sullivan book -
 Wonderful book, VERY well written.<br/>This book is full of history. I was born and raised in Europe but did not know much about Italy during World War Two so incredibly sad.<br/>Mark Sullivan is a gifted writer, his talent is wasted on James Patterson books.
 I so enjoyed this book it kept me going all the way through. I didn’t want to put it down each night and stayed up way too late. I laughed and cried with Pino
 I couldn't stop reading. Kept me captivated. Incredibly humbling to remember just how horrific war is..... Reminds me why I am raising my children to question everything. Always seek logic and reasoning.... And not do something just because someone in authority tells them to.
 This is one of the most heartwarming books I have ever read. Pinot catches you right away with his use , but his fortitude and his resolve keep you going. The hard to believe trauma that happens around every corner and the fact that this story is true makes Pinot one of my new heroes. Great job on writing this worthwhile book
 I found this book to be very interesting. It covered a part of world war two that I had not read about before. Well written and full of action with danger and spying at every turn of the page.  Well done.
 My wife and I both enjoyed this book.  It is a very compelling story.  I think it would be loved by anyone with interest in WWII.
 Such a great novel. Never give 5 stars, but its been through me, my husband, a son and a daughter with rave reviews. This may be a case where the truth is indeed stranger than fiction, but its a great story!
 Amazing, still has me moved days after finishing it.  Remarkable Story!
 l lived with this book some months.Morning and afternoon hearing audio in car.than reading,translating  and learning English words and idioms.becouse I am Czech.I lived with Pino in Madesimo in Casa Alpina.in  Milan.I wish revisire rhese places.another time skying in Madesimo.another time visit Milan  and go througt these places a find the traces thus boook.
 The information of truth of the Life of a young Italian boy that grows to be a man of value to the Allied military during the beginning and end of the German occupied Italy. The Truth with facts become a story of value. Read it for pleasure but know that you are living with truth.
 Well researched and written.  Hard book to put down and gripping to the heart.  The author did a great job of putting you in the heart of war and made me feel as if bullets and bombs were going off around me.
 Recommended it to my son, who loved it. Also recommended to a voracious reader friend, who also loved it. Give it a couple chapters to get going. Just a truly excellent, mostly true, story.
 I’ve never read an account like this and learned so much more than I was taught. Grateful and sad at the same time of the account of Peno Lella
 Although it felt long  at times, this book is so enjoyable and intriguing and  troubling and very, very well written. I would DEFINITELY recommend it!
 god quality for a used book. love it.<br/>One of the best stories I have read in a long time, and to think of it as a true story!! Bless his courage and beautiful soul!! Thanks for sharing the story.<br/><br/>Regards,<br/>Prithika
 I had never read any accounts of World War II in Italy and was totally fascinated by this book.  The main characters are  ones who really lived, with the author  filling in to heighten the story and to smooth out rough edges when needed, which is what makes it historical fiction.  He actually interviewed the main character, Pino, among others, over a period of several years, after Pino was over 70 years old and was somewhat reluctantly ready to discuss the events that took place over the two-year period that he acted an as undercover spy for the Allies in Italy.  The resulting book is totally intriguing, well written and mind boggling.  I have read a number of Kindle free books first available on Amazon Prime and this book is by far the best one I have ever read.  In fact, it is so good that I bought a paper back copy to pass around to family and friends.
 I especially appreciated that this was fiction based on a true story. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it was about war and the treatment of Jews which is very hard for me to comprehend. The research the author did was fantastic and I am glad to know this story.
 I love WWII history .  Because this was based on a true story it is by far my favorite book on the subject .  I will never forget Pino Lella and neither will you!
 If you've ever been interested in hearing the human side of WWII I urge you to read this book. Heartfelt and poignant, filled with history that should not he forgotten.  Wonderfully told story.
 I fell in love with the characters within the first few chapters.  Well written and sympathetic.  This novel would make a great television minidrama.  Amazon, Hulu or Netflix would do well to pick it up.
 A good story about Italy during ww2.  Pino. Is another unsung hero.  Great descriptions  of the country side.  He loved hard.
 Many today have failing memories of WWII<br/>Highlighted by the big events that history text chronicle. Missing are the stories of  personal courage, sacrifice, and intrigue. The story of Pino Lella is remarkable and provides the reader with an emotional ride detailing heroic actions and<br/>Personal sacrifice and hopefully a wider insight into a war that should be more understood.
 Reading this book made me eager to turn each page but afraid to as well.<br/>It is so well written and fearfully immersing ,that I found myself closing the book and letting the events envelope my mind.  I could see and feel so much in this narration .  A story that was almost lost forever, thankfully given new life.<br/><br/> immersing that
 A fascinating story.  Quite a journey of one man's life during  WW II.  It makes for a quick read and I was amazed at all the well known people the main character crossed paths with as the years go by.  He wrestled with his past to the very end.
 This was one of the most extraordinary books I've read, ever.<br/>Its breadth of history, its detail and passion, and the fact that it uncovers history we would otherwise never have known, makes it a real treasure. So glad I read it, and I will recommend it to others.
 What a great story of a WWII hero that I would have never heard of if not for reading this book. A story of love and pain like no other.
 The details in this book are phenomenal. There are so many stories yet to tell about the passion and beliefs of those who did the right thing despite the risks of the Nazi era. This book gives hope that inside the average person, there is the potential to do great things.
 This is a great book based on true events.  It really opens your eyes to how the people of the area were affected by the war.
 That this is a little known but true story is amazing! I couldn’t put it down. The research was impeccable and I learned a great deal about Italy under the Nazi occupation. The reader will be pleased that the  afterword answered some compelling questions.
 This book kept you engaged throughout.  The story was disturbing because of it's historical context but you had to keep reading because of the depth of the character, Pino.  He was put into unspeakable situations but used his faith to get him through.  I read the book non stop and did not want it to end.  Excellent read, thank you to M ark Sullivan for bringing this story to light
 Porno was such a young brave person and lived through so<br/>Oh<br/><br/>So much brutal experiences it is truly a miracle that  he survived it all with any sensibility.
 Amazing from start to finish.  Anyone who enjoyed reading Unbroken, will by far love this book.
 Absolutely the best book I have read about the people, events and humanity of that time.  Had a difficult time putting the book down so intriguing &amp; wonderful though sad &amp; true I'm so glad I read this novel.
 The author wrote this novel in a way that kept me wanting to continue reading. I felt the pain, the anger, the frustration and the exhilaration of Pino and the others. I recommend this book to people who are interested in historical fiction about the World War 2 Nazi occupation of Italy.
 I'd recommend the read to anyone who likes historical fiction or even history buffs. Must accurate, but unknown history of the Nazi's in Italy during the last two years of the war. Love story, young Pino coming to age in this most difficult of times.
 This is an incredible story made even more so by the fact that it is based upon the true story of a young Italian man during world war 2.  The things he had to face are inconceivable. His story haunts me but the resilience of his soul is an inspiration that will stay with me.
 Exiting story of a group of Italian patriots who risked their lives to help Jews, downed American pilots, and others to get out of Nazi controlled Italy. True story.
 Well written, and allows many who had no understanding about World War II tragedy’s in Italy and Hitler’s movement there, to learn the truth. Also the real story of those willing to risk their own lives to save others. Inspiring story.
 I've read a lot of books about what WW II was like in various countries and this was the first to talk about Italy and specifically Milan and northern Italy.  It was fascinating.  Also fascinating was the particular story about this one guy and how much he touched of history!<br/>I really enjoyed reading this book.
 My husband and I listened to this book on Audible over the course of 2 weeks while traveling.  At times, we didn’t want to stop the car because we were so wrapped up in the story.  It was so intriguing and well written.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this book!
 An amazing lost tale of true WW II heroism and the horrors of German occupation of Milan and northern Italy. If these events were fictional, they would be hard to accept.  As a thoroughly researched page turner, I wished it were longer. The glory and horror of war and its effect on all around it is found here. Well done to the hero - still alive - and to those surrounding him.
 This would be an amazing story if it were purely fictional, but so much more gripping and emotional knowing that the key events and characters were all real. And the author’s personal struggles to make the book a reality are touching as well. Please read this book.
 So many people give of themselves to others and go unnoticed. Pino is an exceptional<br/>Man who did not expect accolades. Yet he gave his strength and courage to save many individuals .  What a blessed gift.  God is good all the time.
 I am tired of these subplots in and out of chronological order for no apparent reason except literary fashion, but I forgot that while reading this book.  Well written and suspenseful
 I downloaded this as my free Kindle First book for April. It's amazing! I really do hope this story comes to the screen somehow. I think it would work better as a mini-series on HBO or some other channel that could leave it with its emotional resonance over multiple shifts of scene. I hope this book also inspires further research by historians into some of the events and characters depicted. What a wonderful story. I am glad Mr. Lella chose to share it.
 Very good book  which gives clarity to how the resistance fought in relative obscurity to help give us our freedom. The author does a great job painting a picture of who these people were, their life and death struggles, and how they were able to overcome all adversity to live happy, wholesome lives in the aftermath. Recommend especially for history buffs
 Best book in a very long time. I think most people would enjoy this book. I will recommend this book to my friends.
 Interesting story about families in Milano and northern Italy during the Nazi occupation and the Allied Campaign to defeat Germany in World War Two.  It's a little slow moving at first, but it all comes together nicely.  Very personal details about several characters.
 I've ready many books about the war but this story meant the most to me.  I read it in 3 days.<br/>It helped  me understand what many teenagers went through during the war.  They were never the same.<br/>Even today you see the results of young men fighting wars<br/>Will it ever end?
 Loved this book, it was hard to put down becaise so much happens. It does jump around just a little bit but nothing that will take away the enjoyment.
 As I read the book I began to think that this was 100% fiction, but I was moved to tears at the end as the 100% true aspect of the story were revealed.  I was so moved, in fact, that I wrote this, my first ever book review. Surely an amazing story about an amazing person beautifully told. Thank you Mark Sullivan.
 What an amazing story of love, loss and heroics.<br/><br/>I hadn't learned before much of the Nazi occupation in Italy. This book is a must read for anyone who enjoys a historical fiction - especially during the WWII timeframe. I rad this in two days!
 Excellent writing of the story lived by a young Italian patriot in Milan, Italy, during the final years of World War II.  The emotion, the relationships, the terror that Pino goes through is felt by the reader.  This is an amazing story of life that should be read by those 16 and older.
 This book is hard to put down. It's not the deathless prose; the writing style is probably its greatest weakness. But the story (based on actual events) is so compelling, and the main character so admirable, that I found myself racing through it even though I already knew (in broad terms) how it ended.
 Loved this book.  Being based on a true story, I have always like the historical fiction and I like to walk away with a teaching moment.  I would highly recommend this read.
 This book is an easy read. It tells a great story about one man's experiences during WW2. I have read very little from the Italian point of view, so this was a different perspective.
 I truly enjoyed reading this book, it was a vivid reproduction of the real history. It was hard to put the book down.
 Absolutely one of the best books I’ve ever read, possibly THE best! I wanted to know how General Leyers knew Pino’s code name. I didn’t want some of the characters to be so brutally killed, but that Is the true nature of war. It was the most vivid, tragic, suspenseful, heartbreaking story of human suffering, heroism, courage, danger, survival and resolve I’ve ever read! I’d recommend this book to anyone 14 years and older.
 My father fought in WWll. Like so many others, he shared very little and now is gone. This story was well written and stirred many emotions especially considering the times we are now experiencing. It is a must read.
 I thought this book was thoughtfully written. While there are many books on this time in his, it was interesting to hear about it from the perspective of an Italian who became a hero for his country while facing much tragedy. Overall a great read.
 A true to life novel based on the exploits of a young Italian during WW II.  Amazingly well written account that is truly hard to put down until completed.  His courage, dangers he faced, romance in spite of horrible conditions, all lend themselves to a story that lifts the human spirit.
 Great historical novel; great story line. Amazing that it is based on fact.
 While I enjoy historical fiction, Mark Sullivan's non-fiction account of Pino Lella's WW2 experiences are fascinating and reads like his novels...... page turning!
 Love historical fiction and this book does justice to Pino's story.  Thanks to Mark Sullivan for telling us, through his book, about this heroe and man of faith.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky. You will really enjoy this book if you want to know more about the natz'is in Italy. So many surprises that you can't put it down. The Main Character, unforgettable along with the main villain.Great writing.
 Captivating. Breathtaking. I cannot think of enough amazing things to say about this book that captivated my heart.
 Incredibly riveting story! I enjoyed every minute of it. Unpredictable, and the author wrote with such graphic descriptions, one could feel like they were right there.
 Well written, kept me interested throughout.  Did not realize until the end that it was a biography of sorts.  Going to try another book by this author.
 Couldn't put it down. A heroic tale of unimaginable tragedy ,the deepest love, and bravery beyond anything most of us will ever know...
 Such a well written story. An enlightening telling of the life and times of an Italian during the war with Germany. Especially enjoyed all the details provided at the end about the people involved. Would read more like this.
 Altho I normally do not read a story timed during war time, I began this one and was immediately involved in all the characters. Tragic, true, a love story and yet a story with such passion for life and love that you cry and celebrate every event, every emotion so beautifully described that you feel the zest for life, the reality of war and the changes made in your own life. Superb read which I highly recommend. You won't put it down. It's real- real life and amazing.
 For anyone interested in the untold stories of courage and hope brought about in the darkest times of human existence, this true story of a young man's heroism in Italy during World War II is wonderful. This was an extraordinary read!
 I liked the attention to detail. The author’s voice is strong. Rich in details and vivid descriptions of events, which were often harrowing. I wished there had been maps and photos inter spaced within the book. One picture at the end of Pino Llella.
 Interesting WWII drama about a real hero. On the Italian front this time which I hadn't read about before.
 Lovely war story about World War Two.. Pino is the central character doing his best to survive.. Anna, the maid, loves him but dies during the war.. Pino has great courage
 Great read. Like so many whos father served in WW2, I am fascinated by stories like this. Very well written. A bonus for me was the story being set in the Italian theater. Like the author states, Italy is often overlooked as far as war stories go. I highly recommend. I feel many people, like myself, gloss over 5 star reviews so I give it a 4 only for that reason. Great work Mark.
 I say thank God that we live in America and that most of us weren't even born during that time. But history should be studied and perhaps not repeated.
 Excellently written history of the Italian campaigns of WWII and those who lived it. True story as far as possible. For those who don't know history, I highly recommend this as a compassionate history of those who were forced to live it!
 This book was fabulous/  So little has been told about the war in Italy.  It was painful, once again, to revisit the despicable Nazis, but to read about the Faciasts etc was an eye opener.<br/>Beautifully written and descriptive.<br/>Thumbs up for Mark Sullivan.
 An incredible true story. It keeps one riveted from start to end.
 If this love story doesn't make you cry I would say you must be a rock.  It amazes me what the young people in this era were capable of doing.  A treasure of a story that may have been lost to us without this author's persistence.
 This was a book that started with action that just kept building. I honestly do not how the book could have been any better. Eventhough I read a lot about WWII I had not read about Italy's involvement in that war.  Great content and writing style,  I highly recommend Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel.
 Loved this book.  Heart wrenching but beautiful.  I've overlooked the impact of the Germans on Italy during the war. This book brought into light the brave people who risked their lives to help the helpless during the most terrible time. Recommend the read.
 Pino Lella lived in Italy during the last years of the Nazi occupation. Fate took him and his family on a perilous journey of faith, bravery and above all love. This book was thrilling and captivating from the first to the last!
 A young Italian boy grows to manhood during world war 11, seeing the horrors of war.  Sacrificing himself, his adventures are awe inspiring.  A special love story, friendships, family, faith.  His life is touched by war heroes and heroines in the resistance.  The scars of war...
 The life of the main character was fascinating. I learned a lot about WWII in Italy. I liked how the story was told and it was clear but it wasn’t the best writing style I’ve read. I still highly recommend it.
 This is a great book on the insight of WWII in Italy, how it was living their as a child and how the underground helped so many people escape.  Great book!
 This was a good book. Saw WWII from Italy!!! Very interesting!Link's life from start to finish. Again, very interesting story!
 Twists and turns.  Grabs you as you move through the riveting story of Nazi destruction and the blatant killing of innocent Jews and Italians.  Heart wrenching and sobering.  A worthwhile read.
 What an amazing novel of the true life of an unsung hero.  I never wanted to put the book down.  It was both heartbreaking and an uplifting survival of a horrific time in history.  A must read.
 Very good novel, I loved the ties to historical facts and connecting them to the memories and emotions of the main character. Easy to read, not easy to put down as something unexpected always seemed to happen to bring you back into the tragedy of war times. Easy to relate to the characters, and draw courage and hope from them. Despite the overarching theme of war, the story left me with hope in the face of great diversity and hard times. A recommend it highly.
 I have lived during the German and Italian occupation of Greece as a child and I have visited the sites described in the book.  It was such a vivid reminder of the situations and emotions I experienced that I could not put it down till the end. A wonderful book!
 I read this book thinking it was fiction and was stunned at the end to discover it was a true story. I have been reading a lot about World War II and am horrified at the atrocities committed by the Nazis. This book was very well written and I didn't want to stop reading it. Definitely a must read
 An excellent account of the Nazi occupation of .northern Italy.Although it is fiction, it based on the lives of real persons and real events.  It was extremely well researched.  I would recommend it to anyone who is a World War Two buff.
 This book was hard to read in that it puts faces and families on WWII. You think you can't stand one more death or disaster but then you can't stop reading it at the same time. You get so involved with the characters that you have to know what happens to them. It is a well written book.
 I would definitely recommend this book. Especially to anyone interested in world war II..  It was hard to put the book  down.
 A slow starter but makes up for it toward the end.  Found the Epilogue as interesting as the preceding pages.  You won't regret continuing once you start and have second thoughts as you progress.  Stay into it.
 Recommended to everyone, especially those who need to know what the cost of freedom and the horror of war are like.
 I  loved reading this book.  It made me laugh and it also tore my heart out.  This is a must read book.  Thanks for writing it Mark !!!
 Great story in general, and especially for those of us who know little about what was going on in Italy during WWII.  The heroism and sometimes terrible consequences of these people was amazing...and then thinking of having to live with those memories as one tries to move forward in life...inspiring!
 Just an enticing read from beginning to end.  So many emotions. So much history. So very glad I read it.
 I was enthralled from the first chapter until the end. Pino's  story  was so filled with every emotion I felt them all. I learned so much more about Italy's part in this war. The atrocities of the "slaves" especially was new knowledge for me. Thank you for sharing this important historical novel.
 This account makes one both believe in and despise humanity. Although often riveting, it is also at times difficult to endure.  Kudos to Mark Sullivan for telling the story.
 Excellent read! I couldn't put it down. This had such a great true story telling content. I consider myself a WWII buff and just added to it with the happenings of the areas surrounding Milan.
 I gave this book 5 stars because it was the kind of book where you have to get up early the next morning but you can't put the book down! I read a lot of books. This is one of those books that you will always remember. But what do I know? I only read constantly........(read this book!)
 You can’t help being drawn into this amazing story. As with any story related to war, it is gut wrenching at times, but it is also full of adventure and extremely well researched. I wanted to go to Milan, for it all seemed so real.
 Fascinating historical fiction but based so heavily on the real events in one man's life that it is close to being a documentary/story of the war in Northern Italy, well written and very well rounded out with the synopsis of events and experiences documented from the end of the 'fiction' to the present day.
 A true story very well written.  I didn't expect the ending and it was disturbing because I knew it really happened.  The closer I got to the end the faster I wanted to read because I wanted to know what was going to happen next.  Loved it.
 Excellent book
 Heartwarming and sad about the atrocities of WWII. Well written account of horrific events.<br/>Pino Lello is one talented, amazing man whom I wish I knew
 I have not read a book in a very long time, I need a book that grasps my attention from word one.  This book did just that.  From the first word to the last, I couldn't get enough.  It is a must read. Oh and you will enjoy it.
 Fascinating story about a part of WW2 history largely ignored by novelists and historians alike.
 A lovely story about a war that history seems to forget touched Italy, from a young man's point of view. There is love, loss, death, outrage, sorrow, and a beauty that only real life can offer. We get a glimpse of the devastation of war and the ghosts one carries as a result. This is a must read!
 The sacrifices made by individuals during WW2 are unfortunately left from our history. The strength exhibited by that generation of men and women is a true reminder of greatness.
 The Italian resistance through a great story.  The beautiful and the ugly of life during war. The book could have been edited into a tighter story.  But, overall, a good read.
 I really enjoyed this book. The way the author relates the experiences of Pino and his fellow Italians during the war years is fascinating and touching. Although it took me a while to get into the book, the read was well worth it!
 It was obviously painstakingly researched. The author brought the story to life. It’s hard to imagine that this story almost went untold. I can’t wait for them to make it into a movie!
 Riveting story.  Despite a recent deluge into historical accounts of WW2, this was the first mention of Italy I encountered.
 I highly recommend this story. It will remain in your mind for a long time. There is much to be learned from this story about war and life.
 I've read many WWII books concerning the European and Asian fronts but not what the Italian people had gone thru.  This was a well written story coming from someone who had to live thru this from beginning to end with the heartbreaks and triumphs of one young man struggling to grow up and be true to himself and community.  It is definitely worth reading.
 Great story that everyone should read. I didn’t know that there was an Italian underground and I thought this story was fiction until I read the last pages that talked about the real people.
 One of the best books I've read in a long time. The story is all the more fantastic for being based upon actual people and events, the old saying that truth is sometimes stranger than fiction is an absolute theme in this book.
 This is story of drama, love, loss and excitement in Italy. It would make a wonderful movie. It mostly takes place in Italy when Mussolini and the gestatpo were trying to take over on that country.
 I would recommend this book to any lover of historical fiction or non-fiction , especially the World War II genre. A fascinating, engrossing, and courageous tale, it will not disappoint!
 The book is interesting,about a period in Italy not so well known.sometimes it is too fantastic and at the end something is missing.
 An amazing story - real life far better than fiction.  I couldn’t put it down once I got I started.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  It is history in the form of a fast paced novel, taking place in Italy during WWII.  A true story, full of adventure, suspense, romance and fleshed out characters, Beneath a Scarlet Sky exceeded my expectations and landed on my 'favorites' list. Actually, it could make a great movie as well.  I read it on my Kindle then bought a copy so I could share it with my husband (of Italian descent) and others.
 A beautiful book not to be missed. An amazing and true story of an amazing and courageous young man. Sullivan has captured the horrors of war, the terrible brutality of the Nazis, the courage of Italians and through it all, the hope of young love. Through Sullivan's talented writing, Pino and Anna live on beneath a Scarlet Sky.
 I enjoy reading historical fiction, especially stories that take place around the time of the 2nd world war.  This was very good.  Set in northern Italy, Pino becomes involved in the Italian resistance while he was safely sent away to a camp in the Alps.  As the was progresses, he decides that he wants to do more.  Based on a true story.
 This tale had  me hooked from the first sentence of the Introduction. The fact that it was based on a true story made it even more interesting. I recommend this book without reservation.
 I could not  put this book down.  It was never slow or boring.  I was horrified by some of the things that went on in Italy during the last two years of WWII.  The things that people had to do to stay alive was incredible.  The cruelty, the disdain and hatred by the Germans had me closing my eyes and covering my mouth in disbelief.  The fear the Jews  felt was made to be real by the author.  Thank goodness there were people that helped them escape but the means of escape was sometimes death defying.  Can you imagine living each day with the fear of discovery, of hunger, of not knowing what the day may bring.  The author of Beneath a Scarlet Sky had done his research on the events of Pino's life.  I loved how at the end he told the rest of the story of the main characters in the book, like what happened to them after the war was over.  I was most amazed at how the last few days of the war went, such savagery and emotion was displayed.  I highly recommend this book.
 Great story, a lot of details about the war in Italy and one young boy who touched and saved many lives.
 This was a great read. The fact that this is basically a true story is unbelievable. It kept me on the edge of my seat. Good character development, good writing, good story
 Wonderful historical book that kept you interested all the time.  Would recommend this book to anyone interested in history -Italy World War !!.  Well written and with lots of accurate historical information.
 Enjoyed this novel's turns and twists throughout the book.  It kept my interests and educated me on how Italy was affected by WWII.  I definitely recommend the novel.
 WWII has long been a fascination of mine.  This is a true story, which makes it greater, as well as more emotional, than fiction.  Read this book.  Get to know the people in this story.  They will change your life.
 You will feel like you are driving around Italy with Pino as you read this amazing book.  Mr. Sullivan brings history to life.
 Pink was an amazing young man.  From the beginning, he was full of love, for God, life,and his country.  He respected his family.  This lead him on many missions that a lesser man would have refused.  This was a difficult book to put down.  I always was wondering what will happen to Pino and Anna next.
 A wonderful book!!
 I enjoyed this book immensely. The only piece missing is the hard facts of the war. Pino obviously saw a lot of painful things that were not included in the book, but I appreciate what was given.
 Wow!  I really enjoyed this book, I am a history lover and this is excellent.  I recommend this book for anyone that wants a story that will keep you engrossed, I woke up in the middle of the night wondering what happened next.  I would like to thank the author for bringing this story to us.
 Book started slow for me, a bit too much dialogue but soon pick up in a story of sacrifice, bravery &amp; survival. Ordinary people thrust into war and madness.
 The first book I read from the author. Incredibly detailed. A story I believe I will never forget and recommend reading.
 The story is well-written and very interesting.  It was a tragic story of life in Milan during the German occupation  It was only at the end that I realized that Pino Lello was a real person on whose life this book was based. I earned a lot about Italy I the last two years of the war.  Now i Wang to hoot Milan.
 This book is so well written I couldn't put it down. The characters came alive and I lived among them. I learned so much about Italy in the tragedy that was WWII.
 I love to  read WW II stories, especially those in Europe.  This is a true account of what happened in Italy.  It was like being there. After going to Google, I read this was made into a movie!  I recommend this book.
 An exciting World War II story with some implausible exploits and escapes.  The vile villains are the Nazis and the heroes helped the allies gain victory and helped large numbers of Jews escape concentration camps and death.  Certain mysteries remain about the German general protagonist and the contributions of the hero.  A good reminder of the waste, horrors, and the incredible destructions of war.
 Wonderful true story.  So interesting, especially enjoyed finding out what happened to all the people in the story.
 This novel as all the markings of a terrific story. Mr. Sullivan has shared with the reader a true hero of World War II.
 Mark Sullivan has, with fine insightful detail, captured the incredible life of a real hero the world needed to know about. It describes how one young man's life was forever changed in a small Italian village during WWII.  Pino Lella,  an unknown and unsung hero of that time, was full of life with all the cockiness  and bravado only the young can have.  An accomplished skier and mountain climber from a young age,  Pino is enlisted to guide Jewish refugees over the mountains in a harrowing tale of extreme danger and terror.  He will eventually become involved as a driver for a powerful Nazi General in occupied Italy, gathering valuable information for the Allies.  The Nazi General uses Pino as not only a driver,  but as an interpreter, exposing him to men of the highest authority, including  Mussolini himself.  It is during this time of great danger of exposure as a spy, that Pino meets the love of his life, the maid to the General's mistress!  This book is so well written,  the reader  (me) becomes totally engrossed in this story.  If you have any interest in high intrigue,  suspense, family and love, read this book.
 Just terrific insight into a broken world that shows that light will push away darkness to reveal hope if we look.
 A fantastic and well written story that had me hooked from the very beginning.  It is both uplifting and devastating to the heart all at once.
 Having read a number of World War II stories I thought this was one of if not the most interesting ones.  Amazing profile of an amazing man.<br/>The focus &amp; insight into what went on in Italy was very interesting.
 The book was excellent! Pino Lella as " the Observer" acting as spy, escape refugee helper and never questioning whatever God threw in his path.shocking conclusion only makes the story incredible!
 I real good story that is based on true events. WW2 is always interesting and this story has a great story of Italy during the war.
 I didn't have high expectations, as I have read many stories about Work War ll. However, I was immediately taken in by the perspective in which this book was written.<br/>At times I could not stop reading. I was so overcome by the vivid images and emotions it was overwhelming at times.<br/>I highly recommend!
 This book is the most captivating account of the greatest atrocity of our time. The incredible effort that went into capturing this terrible time in our history is to be recognized as a gift to all of us. So very well written and  captivating.  By far the best historical fact/fiction book I have ever read. Thank you for this book. It truly is outstanding.
 Very well written. I thoroughly enjoy this genre and author Mark Sullivan did not disappoint!  A wonderful story based on real life people and events.  I can't believe this story wasn't told sooner.
 Very well written of an incredible story<br/>Book should be made into a major motion picture<br/>More people should know this part of history
 Loved this book because it was based on a true story.  It gave me some insights as to what people went through in Italy during World War II.  It was an amazing story.
 I don't often give a book 5 stars, but this is one that really deserves it.  Hard to put down and beautifully written about a horrible time is our history's past.  It was appalling and fascinating.  The characters amazingly drawn.
 Book was an enjoyable read.kept you entertained and wanting to read more about the characters and their lives. Ver enjoyable.
 From the first word this book is captivating.  If the author did not explain that this story is based on fact, you would not believe that so much could challenge on young man in a two year period.  Life changes in a moment and it can make us strong or break us. We do not know the depth of our strength until we are faced with events outside of our control.  Adding the epilogue to learn the fate of each of the main characters was an added bonus.  READ THIS BOOK!
 A book that is hard to put down. Never a dull moment. A war story but told in a sensitive, many times loving way.
 I never read war stories, but this one is so much more.  Incredible!  This book has it all, love, mystery, tragedy &amp; hope. My husband &amp; I are over the road truckers &amp; we were both entranced &amp; awestruck listening to this one.  If there's were a ten star rating, this one should get it!
 I couldn't put it down and am constantly amazed at all that went on that has never before been told. I am Italian and this bit of my peoples history has been so dear to me. Thank you Mr Sullivan for the hard work and research and he bravery of Pino Lella and other characters in the book.
 This book was impossible to put down. It can take me months to get through a book but this story was so gripping I finished it in less than a week.<br/>I learned things about Hitler's  power in Italy that I never learned in history classes .<br/>Written beautifully.
 A unique true story of the war in Italy in the 40s. It isn't about a soldier but a boy trying to survive and grow up.
 What a story. This book affected me deeply due to the horrors Pino witnessed and suffered. His resilience to survive must be attributed to a deep faith. The story tells us about the horrors of war and about man's inhumanity. A must read for servicemen and families of fighters.
 I didn't realize that it was a true story at first.  I really liked this book.
 This life full of World War II history is a wonderful depiction of a young man's full life.  It needed to be told to and read by many.
 A must read for anyone interested in WWII  history. A little known story  of  a quiet hero doing amazing things.  I couldn't put it down.
 Loved this book! We all have read much about WWII but I personally never saw it from the Italian perspective.  Milan and it’s people give a new voice and an amazing one to hear.  Well worth the read!
 This book stirs up many emotions!  I didn’t want to put it down!  It was very well written, and interesting in every aspect!
 I felt that I was back in the day when all this had occurred. It brought a variety of emotions from anger to sadness to love. If this is a work of non fiction then it most definitely makes me want to research the history of what became of this gentleman. But alas I don’t have time with two classes to study.
 This book was surprisingly good. I am not one for reading historical books or war stories. This book sucked me right in. Mark Sullivan brought all of the characters to life. I wish I had the opportunity to meet Pino Lella.  I actually purchased two books as Christmas presents.
 I read every day and this is the best book that I’ve read this year!  Exciting plot especially knowing that it all really happened.  Highly recommend!
 Book club selection
 A heartwarming and insightful tail told through the eyes of a young man who did his best to live a decent life.  He was an unsung hero who tried to make a difference during an evil time in our history.<br/>Thanks to Mark Sullivan his story was told with integrity 70 years later.
 Well written and fascinating story of a courageous person in one of the ugliest times in history.  The author conveys the pain and trashy in a bit so over the top way, even while the story is crazy and tragic and amazing.
 Page turner! I couldn't put it down. Great back drop (WWII) and story telling drew me in!
 Very exciting and cant put it down!  Had no idea this happened!  You wont be disappointed.  This should be read  in history class.
 A stirring glimpse at WWII Italy from the perspective of a 17 year old boy who rapidly grew into a man. The trials of Pino Lella (as told through Mark Sullivan) are more than anyone should have to face, especially for someone so young. Sullivan did an excellent job of blending the story lines and building all the primary characters (Pino, the General, Anna, Milo, etc).  Very well written.
 Mark Sullivan has taken us back in time to the lives and trials of these brave Itialian people and is a wonderful tribute to Pino.  This book takes us back in time to the lives they lived during the war and it gives me a respect for them that I have never known before.  I thank God every day for the life I have here in America and hope no one has to go through these horrible times again although I know people in other countries are now.  This book is a great read even though I cried many times while reading the past brought to life.
 It is not an exaggeration to say that this is one of the best books I have ever read. Unbelievable...and based on a true story. As riveting as Pino's tale is, it's hard to believe many of us are just now hearing about it. Are they going to make the movie? I hope so. Bravo, Mark Sullivan!
 To put it bluntly this book has one of the most engaging plot lines I have ever read and to know that most of the material is historic and not fiction has given me a deep set and newfound respect for all members of WWll.
 Amazing story based on research done by the author.....highly recommend this book to anyone who is interested in knowing the behind the scenes  and the realistic depiction of  WW II Nazi insanity in Italy
 Reading an account from eye witnesses .. people who have experienced the best and worst of what humanity can offer to itself yesterday as it does today, perhaps a human frailty exposed so we know to learn to protect ourselves and those we love.
 I couldn't put it down. The story is so raw, there were places I felt nauseous, knowing these things happened during the war. I love historical fiction and the knowledge it brings.
 I bought this by accident and didn't have much faith in how good the story might be.  I couldn't put this book down.  It was so good.  I read it too fast and now I am having to go out and find another as good as this one was...that's a challenge.
 Absolutely incredible. The best book I have read to date. What an amazing adventure filled with uncertainty, bravery, love, despair and many other emotions. This book had me on my toes the entire way.  Without spoiling the end, the only question for me that remains is about General Leyers.
 Never before have I heard of this man named Pink and i have read many books on WWII.  What a tremendous story.  Pinos story needs to be read by everyone.
 This book is incredible. True story, exciting, terrifying, heart wrenching, adventurous. Pino Lella is a true hero. It was an honor to read his story. The horrific acts committed and the brave and heroic acts of the Italian people will stay with me . I believe everyone should read this book
 Moved right along.  Kept me interested as to what was going to happen next.  Events were reasonable as to what could happen in a real WW II situation.
 Wrapping together historical facts with some fictional stories makes this a must read for just about everyone. Thank you Mark Sullivan for capturing the heart and soul of these amazing characters.
 If you are a person of Italian descent or care about WW11 this is a must read of the boys bravery of the Italian youth during the occupation of Italy
 I loved this book, I couldn’t put it down. The intrigue and intensity kept building up, and to learn this all happened. I highly recommend this book!!!
 Knowing little about the impact of the war in Italy I was taken on a captivating and emotional journey. This book was a true learning curve for me and I couldn't put it down. Thank you Mark Sullivan for the wonderful and gifted way that you shared Pino's story, I was truly moved.
 A well told story based on actual events during the closing years of WWII.  The story involves a young Italian man and his experiences helping people escape the Nazis.  As the war drags on, he will find the heights of love and the depths of loss.
 Well written and entertaining.  Pino's story is amazing and the author makes you feel his emotions and like you were right there.  Only wish there was a map which showed the route in the Alps.
 This book kept me hooked from beginning to end. Definitely a page turner!! I loved it!! I highly recommend it!
 This story started a little slow for me but once it took off I was hooked. I was interested in this story because my father fought in WWII and rarely spoke of his experiences, like so many people in this book. I think this would be a good book for younger generations. I cannot imagine going through some of the life threatening situations these young people went through, and I knew someone who did.
 I really enjoyed this book. It kept me interested the whole time and I didn't want to put it down. It's got most of the genre's covered: action, suspence, romance, history, war story, all rolled into one. So no matter what you're into, you'll probably like this one...AND it's based off of a real person's account of their experiences in WWII, which makes it even better. I definitely recommend reading this one
 This is a true story about heroic action taken  by brave people in Italy during the horror that was WWII. Drama, love, heartbreak, intrigue and more. It has it all.
 WOW!  I expected a true story  about an Italian boy during WWII.  What this story is about, had me burning the midnight oil.  I found this story riveting.  War is just that...War.  No winners just lots of losers.  Sad love story, left me in tears.  Now if history had been taught with this type of human stories...maybe more people would have paid attention.  Thank you Mark for bringing this fascinating story to  us.  I have recommened this story to my friends.  Loved this book.
 It's the best story I've read in awhile.  I loved the characters.  The adventures are very exciting.  I t was a sad but very refreshing read.  I didn't want it to end.  It would be a great movie
 Interesting story and history with a lot of geography in Northern Itally, Switzerland and Austria.  A good map in the book would have made the detailed trip descriptions more clear.
 An incredible story, almost lost forever. There is still much to learn about the Italian experience of WW II, and this historical novel fills in many gaps. Fast paced, well wrtten, and exhaustively researched. It was a reader's dilemma: I wanted to know how it ended, but hated to reach the end. God bless Pino, a "greatest generation" Italian. Thanks to Pino for sharing the story, and to Mark Sullivan for capturing it so masterfully.
 Here is story that is quite literally too astonishing to be altogether true, but the basic outlines of the tale are quite true indeed. This is a novel with obviously fleshed out dialogue and scene, but the whole is based on conversations with many who witnessed the events, and most especially conversations with the protagonist himself, who still lives in his ninth decade in Italy. While a teenager in occupied Italy in 1943-45, our hero performed deeds of valor, involving harrowing daredevil actions through ice and snow covered mountains in order to save Jews and others from the Nazis. The book rolls along on a tide of actions and decisions that beggar description in our time. I thoroughly enjoyed the ride, however painful many of the scenes turned out to be. I understand that the tale is being made into a movie; I have mixed emotions about that, since movies have a way of truncating and simplifying the complexities that only a novel can provide. Read the book now before the movie taints your reactions! I should add that the afterlife of the hero is in its own way as fascinating as his war days, so read the whole book for the full effect.
 Absolutely loved reading this book.  It was so different to what I was expecting from a WWII novel.  The characters were well developed and story line was, for me, engrossing.  I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of this book...highly recommend.
 Did not know this was a true story when I started to read the book. Very informative of WW2 and the invasion of Italy. Beautiful and troubling account.  I will think of the Italian people and their fight against the Nazi's havoc.  Glad I chose this book.
 While I thought the book a bit too detailed and slow in parts,  I loved it, especially the end. I loved the positive light in shines on the church's role in helping the Jews.
 Humanity, courage, love, hate....these are just a few words to describe this book. The tale of Pino is inspiring to say the least! This portrayal of humanity shining through some of Italy's darkest times will touch your heart for sure.
 Fabulous story - you can't put it down.I loved it - didn't want it to end.  Now my husband is reading and just keeps saying Wow!
 You've heard many stories about WWII, - but not this one.  I have read several books and seen many more movies about World War II.  I thought I had a fair grasp of the overall situation.  I did not; and I learned some things from this book.  This book is a "mostly true" story about a real-life hero named Pino Lella.  Never heard of him?  Me, neither.<br/>I originally bought this book (the Audible book) because of the tremendous number of 5-star reviews.  I had never seen such a large number of 5-star reviews for a book on Amazon.  I was impressed.  Must be something to it if so many people all think so highly of it, right?  I mean, the internet is a vast wasteland, and it is very, very hard to find that many people who actually agree on any book!  So, I generously shelled out the $3 for the book.  What the heck.  I'm a big spender.<br/>I am so glad I bought this Audible book!  I will remember it for a long, long time.  Please buy this book.  You won't regret it.<br/>While I was listening to the book, I spent a fair amount of time on my computer Googling the locations and the events that were mentioned in the book.  So, after finishing the book, I realized I had inadvertently learned so much more about World War II than I knew before, -- and I love learning new things about history, particularly when I learn it in such an emotional way.  I was totally engaged, and I loved the characters.  The author, Mark Sullivan, did an outstanding job on this book.
 Sullivan tells the incredible story of a young Italian hero in WWII Italy. The story is hard to pit down page turner. Thank you, Mark Sullivan, for you interest in this story and sharing it with the world.
 A remarkable story narrated by an empathetic author.  This very well-written novel tells the story of a young Italian hero mature beyond his years in war torn Milan.  The horrors he witnessed remained buried for decades after the close of WWII and have been laid out by Mark Sullivan in his poignant retelling through the eyes of Pino Lella who lived it.  This young hero exemplified all that is good in the human spirit and the toll it takes for good to triumph over evil.
 This is the amazing story of one young man and his family and how they survived and fought  the German occupation of Milan. It has all the elements of good literature and is historically significant. It's hard to believe that it remained untold for such a long time.  I couldn't put it down and kept thinking what a great movie this would be!
 Bought copies for two children who aren't so savvy as to read electronically. Very well written. Hard to put down.
 I do not feel competent to write a review on this book.  An engrossing, untold story of one young man in World War II Italy it was at times difficult to believe that it was not fiction.  The book is a page turner and I found it difficult to put down.  In spite of everything, Pino went on to a long and fulfilling life.
 Excellent read.  Kepts your attention at all times, various emotions and anxiety.  Very difficult to comprehend that this is the history of the Second World War. Very earth shattering that political leaders are so cold blooded to the human society.
 I really loved this book.  It was very hard to put down and had many ranges of emotions. I have been recommending it to all my friends.
 Loved the novel about real life experiences of Pink Lella of Italy during WWII. This story has action,adventure and suspense wrapped around a love story.  I really enjoyed this book
 If you never read a book about the horror of World War II then this one will generate the spark and maybe, just maybe wake you up to try and understand that nightmare caused by Hitler.
 This is both a fascinating &amp; devastatingly real story set in Italy during WW2. Be prepared for gruesome war details, emotional highs &amp; lows and a vivid depiction of depravity.
 This story really dragged. I think the premise is good - and it is based on a true story - but good grief, at times I was insulted at the cliches and predictable dialogue. Took much too long to get into the real meat of the story. Should have been about 275- 300 pages.
 What a story. Wow. Wow! Couldn’t put it down. As in all tales that came out of this war it is beyond tragic and sad, but also beautiful and so important to pass on to future generations. Absolutely incredible piece of history.
 this is an "edge of your seat" adventure and the fact that it's a true story is almost unbelievable.  i have bought one to give as a gift.  I'm still thinking about this book.  Are all Mark Sullivan's books this good?
 I was drawn to this book because I love history and this gives such insight as to what life was like in Italy during WW II. It is also a story about living life after the war. The book is well written and I had a hard time putting it down. Even though Pino Lella wouldn't call himself a hero, I would.
 Yet another true account set in Italy of a fascinating, courageous, and incredibly sad story of a  young man's coming of age during a tumultuous time in history. This is a beautifully written, yet thoroughly researched story of war and its impact on a young mans life. Highly recommended!
 This book kept me spellbound from beginning to end. I could not put it down, what a journey this young man had during extremely turbulent times  during the German occupation of Italy
 I did like the book. It was not as engaging as most books I have read. I'm partial to books without a lot of personal narrative.  I would tell my reading friends about this book  but would not be overly enthusiastic about it.
 A real page turner with unexpected twists. Great character development. Both sad and happy. So glad I didn't lives during the war.
 This will bring you right into reality of WW II Italy. The author does a fantastic job of drawing the reader into the story.
 Good characters who are three dimensional. Quick storyline to get the reader involved in the actions.  Aurora wants to point out the complexity of personalities as well as the immaturity of some protagonists and the depth and complexity of antagonists.  A few people are thrown in and could have been more layered.
 very interesting. A bit long winded at times but the facts are true and the characters were real. WW11 really was a cruel war!
 Excellent description of  WWII in northern Italy.<br/>Strong and well developed characters that you cannot help admiring their bravery against the Nazis.
 Although fiction can be brilliant and thrilling, it lacks the conviction of a true story.  This book is captivating with the unbounded solidity of truth.
 If you liked "Unbroken" then you will like this book. I learned a bit of history and even looked the characters up on the internet to get more info, I was that interested in it. Book moves quickly, and handles potentially graphic events sensitively.
 I always enjoy a novel based in fact especially about WW two.  I couldn't wait to find out what would happen next.  I am left with a far better knowledge of the war and its impact on the people of Italy.
 After about three chapters, this book really kept my interest.  I like the fact that it was based on real people and true stories as far as possible.
 A thoroughly enjoyable book. I listened to the audible version, rather than read it, so I am not inclined to comment on the writing style because I didn't absorb it in that way. Regardless, I am confident that it is a worthwhile story no matter how you consume it.
 This is a wonderful story of courage and love and unending hope. You will enjoy this book as much as I did. The story is very compelling and needs to be told. Pino is a hero...
 Great read.  Hard to put down.  Italy certainly was the "forgotten front."  I learned a lot about WW2 in Italy from this book.  Pino Lella was an unforgettable (real) character. His exploits were amazing.  Also visit Mark Sullivan's website (click Interview tab) for the back story on how the novel came about.  That is an incredible story in itself.
 Great historical novel about an Italian war hero during WW11. Definitely worth a read. Exciting, adventurous and true. Writing for an unsung hero. I highly recommend.
 This is by far one of the best books I have ever read. I am a huge fan of historical fiction especially books that take place during World War 2 but I have  never read one from an Italian stand point. Highly recommend this book
 The story has a slow start and the writing is somewhat tedious at first, but then the pace and interest accelerates. And, of course, it is based on a true story. I’m so glad that story was told.
 This is a true page turner with history and love all wrapped into a century! Grazie Millie for the wonderful walk in the life of a Milanese man.
 Wonderful historical novel. A great read. Based on a true story.
 Great multiple story lines in a world war 2 setting which keeps the reader in suspense.  A number of unexpected twists and turns throughout.  This is one of the best Prime books in several years for me.
 An intriguing and educating read. Thanks to the author for the gift of his sharng this history in an exciting read.
 What an incredible story!  I was captivated by the storyline from beginning to end.  At times, I did find the cliché descriptions a bit of a distraction, which occasionally came across as quite juvenile.  Despite this, I still very much enjoyed the story.
 This was  really good book. It was based on a real person, who must have had an amazing life. Not many books were written about Italy's involvement in WWII so this was very interesting. This book was well written, interesting and the main character was very likeable.
 Probably the best book on WWll i have read. Unbelievable story, very well written.
 An amazing story told with vivid writing!  I love it!  Hard to believe this really happened to someone. You won’t want to put it down.
 A very well written historical fiction that captures what life was like in and around Milan at the close of WWII. The fact that it's based on one individual and his family is truly captivating.
 Outstanding book!!!!  I highly recommend. Started out a little slow for me but I kept going and am so thankful I did. It was an incredible story with amazing twists that almost make it feel like fiction. I loved it. I’ve not read many books on history and wars but this got me really interested in doing more of that and helped me learn a lot more about WWII.
 While it is heart wrenching to read what people go through in war times, I believe everyone needs to know and remember it truly happened.
 This book captured the War in a different light and I really enjoyed it.  I love historical fiction and this book did not disappoint.
 Would highly recommend. Very well told story and very educational for those who may not be as up to date on the last world war.  Just an all around great book for the historian as well as someone who wants to know more about the war in Europe.
 After a slow and somewhat clumsy start, this telling of a previously untold story picks up steam.  Fascinating account, well pieced together.  Once I got into it I couldn't put it down.
 I felt every moment of this book, the fear, tragedy,the horror. I was a child of WWII. My father was an officer and an engineer, but he never talked about what he saw in Germany.  I m glad he didn't, but I'm sure he was just as haunted as they all were.  Americans...be glad we won that war!
 This was a great story of a very good person who came along at a time when he was needed to save many lives. His story is emotional and needed to tell the truth about so many rotten and evil men who evidently got off Scot free. Disturbing and disgusting.
 Riveting. I read  the book and recommend it to my neighbor and my daughter. All three of us enjoyed it! Would make a great movie.
 An amazing story of the human tragedy that was World War II. Beautifully written and vivid in accounting for the lives of ordinary people who performed extraordinary acts because they had to.
 Wow -  just WOW. This book is stunning. It's action packed &amp; mesmorizing...I couldn't put it down. Full of love, hate, agony, passion...this book has it. And most amazing of all is its based on a true story about a young Italian spy in Italy during WWII. Excellent read.
 EXCELLENT BOOK! EXCELLENT author! Could hardly put this book down. What a terrific tale based on the life of an extraordinary man. Happy you wrote the prologue paving the way for the book.  EXCELLENT BOOK!
 Excellent. Should be required reading for WW II history buffs. This book should become the script for a mini series on the History Channel.
 While I have probably ready too many WWII hero stories, this was full of adventure and stories with in stories and the innocence of youth becoming the horrors of adults; the back drop of Italy was a different perspective.
 I was stationed, on the beach, in Vietnam during the war there. My experiences there, along with some truly believable detailed writing, made me very involved in this story. I am totally thankful to the author for a remarkable read.
 An incredible story that really puts you in the life of the protagonist.  Well written,  I felt like I was standing next to Pino as he coped with the surreal and terrifying situations created by WW2 in Italy.
 I just finished this book. I could not put it down. It is well written and a fascinating look at Italy during WWII. I am grateful to Mark Sullivan for his research and how he took a historical event and added what was needed to bring Pino’s adventures to life.
 I took a chance on this book and am I glad I did.  The story is amazing, engaging, and extremely well written.  If you have an interest in history, ww 2, adventure stories, spy novels, or just like a good read this is a book for you. God had a plan for this man's life.  It is a bit of a miracle this story ever came to light. It is captivating from the author's desperate circumstances when he first learned of the story, through the retelling of Pino' s story.  Incredible being the right guy with the right character, skills, support groups, in the right places, at the right times for all this to have happened.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is very well written. You don't want to put it down for fear that you might miss something. Hopefully, we will never experience anything like this war in the USA.
 I love historical fiction and non-fiction and this book was one of the best I've read.  I hung on every word of Pino's story. The main reason I only gave it 4 stars is because I felt the storyteller has left some holes which left me frustrated. I was hoping we would come to find out the truth about General Leyer.
 We really know little about Italy in WWII. This “novel” exposes it and makes me ashamed to not have learned more sooner.<br/>A great read!
 The author brings to the reader an excellent real story that happened at the end of War World  II. I never read the story of what Italy went through and thanks to this wonderful book I learned a lot about a small part of what Italians suffered and what a very young man did for his country and went through.
 This brilliant book is how a young Italian boy changed lives in World War Two, and years later, changed the life of an American author.  Well worth the time and emotion spent reading about Pino Lella.
 This was a very captivating book for me, with lots of danger and intrigue. But most of all, it captured the imagination of what it must have been like to be in Italy during the war and is an amazing story of personal sacrifice and courage.
 I loved this book! I have been reading a lot of world war 2 novels and this one was very different! I've never read one set in Italy! And it's a true story too!
 Learned about a part of WWII I didn't know much about - another area where Hitler was a monster that was kind of swept under the rug. Thank goodness for survivors like Pino who are willing to share their story. Very well told by Mark Sullivan.
 Wow! I thoroughly enjoyed this book- learned so much about Italy during World War two
 Mark Sullivan's book is a very well-written story. Italy's part in defeating Germany was much more involved than I ever realized.
 It is a fast read about a theatre of WW2 we don't hear a lot about.  I found it difficult to put down. I loved this book.
 One of the better books I've read.  I was worried this was going to be something of a boring WW2 historical fiction, but I was so wrong. This story is amazing.
 This was a story that I found impossible to put down once I got past the first few pages. It i easy to see the tremendous amount of research that has to have been done to produce such a treasure of a story.  Thank you Mark Sullivan
 What an incredible story of courage, faith, compassion &amp; love...and at the same time an honest portrayal of the horrors of war. I was captivated from the first page.
 WWII story that is not familiar to most people - the events are enthralling.
 I could not stop reading this book. So interesting and eventful from the beginning that I was immediately taken in. Well written with much detail that made me visualize exactly what was happening.
 Excellent
 An untold war story from the Italian people's side, of a heroic young man doing what had to be done to save Jews from the Nazis and whatever he could do to bring about the end of the war.
 Enjoyed it but the ending was unfocused and scattered a lot of info at you.<br/>Place to end this would have been earlier for more dramatic effect. Won't go into detail of scene to avoid spoilers.
 This story is so beautifully written, the entire time you feel as though you are with Pino experiencing northern Italy during this awful time.  This was a book I caught myself reading late into the night, not wanting to put it down.  My heart broke at many points in the story for Pino.  A wonderful story!
 This is the story of Pino Lella, a 17 year old and his journey through WW ll in Malan Italy from 1943-1947.  Heart wrenching along with finding love among the worst times of history
 I thought this was a great story. I enjoy books about WW II, and had not read anything about the war in Italy or from an Italian perspective before. Despite many reviews that were very critical of the writing, I didn’t have a real problem with it.
 This is really a terrific book.  It's a truly compelling story that will keep you reading late into the morning hours.  I'm a very harsh critic of most fiction but this book meets all of my tests and is strongly recommended.
 Having spent some time in the Milan region, this book provided me with depth on what transpired in northern Italy during WWII, a topic well hidden. Exciting but incredibly nuanced and gripping. A good read!
 I really loved this book.  The brutality of WWII comes to life in Beneath the Scarlet Sky.  I think that Mark Sullivan did a great job bringing Pino Lella's story to life.
 Great book full of history and personal strife. Ours a must read for history buffs. Great love story that happened during a horrific time.
 I gave this book 5 stars because I could not give it six. I love to read about history and days of old.
 A terrific book that helped me appreciate what local people in Milan, Italy experienced during WWII.
 If you like historical fiction, this is your book. A riveting tale of a young Italian during the horrors of World War II. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 Every time I read another story about this time in history I am saddened and question how th I s could have happened with so many people not saying or doing anything. Here is a story of a young man who nearly sacrificed everything to stand up for what he believed to be right.
 Poignant true story of war, bravery, love and tragedy. Loved the characters and the descriptive writing. It was easy to imagine myself as an onlooker to this time in Italy’s history.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read!  I just could not put it down. I experienced so many emotions while reading this book that many times I felt drained at the end of each sitting. Pino was one amazing person throughout showing great strength of character which was tested to the limits of human endurance so many, many times. This book is a must read!
 Fascinating story based on the life of a real person, this novel is one I recommend.  The subject matter is quite difficult and also a part of history that we must forget.  I did he to put it down a few to,es and give myself a respite.
 This was an excellent book and I am glad that it ended without leaving me with so many questions.  A good read although it was intense.
 It is one of the most engaging books I have read in a while. Well researched and developed as a page turning book.<br/>Good read.<br/>Fred
 This is an amazing story of a real young man in a very touching way. His survival of WWII and his heroism makes a very good read.
 This book was a touching, poignant behind the scenes view of WWII as seen through the eyes of a young Italian boy. It was exciting, heartbreaking, suspenseful and made the reader run the gamut of emotions while reading it. I highly recommend it if you have any interest in WWII history.
 Plot of the book was exceptional.  Personal scenes in the story were very discreet, yet conveyed the feelings of the actors.  The action segments of the book were totally understandable and easy to follow and created a very clear image, putting the reader on the scene.  Story kept the readers attention on every page.
 Having read a lot of WW II history and historical fiction, Beneath A Scarlet Sky deserves a top rating.  It is a novel which engages the reader throughout.  And with much appreciation,  I say that the author knows how to finish the story.
 One of the best novels I have read.  Great history and story
 This mixture of non fictional and truth is woven flawlessly. I am always fascinated with this time and what was done to survive.<br/>Think I'll just go and raise a glass of Chianti to Pino and to Italy.
 Impossible to put down - the lives of true heroes.  The survivors and the dead both were glorious, courageous and flawed.
 This is a great war story.  It was one of the best books I read this year.  It is exciting, has romance and heartbreak.  I highly recommend reading this book.
 This was the best Amazon Prime books I have read. Did not want to put it down. So many of the monthly books offered are not worth reading but this was an exception.  Highly recommend this book.
 The book was a riveting story of the brutality of World War II and how normal people coped and how some made a significant difference in fighting the Nazis and Italian Fascists. I recommend this book to anyone who is interested in this period of history and to those who like strong character studies.
 I enjoyed the story and was amazed at how this fictional novel tells a true and sad tale from the war.
 Not only is this based on an unbelievable true story, the events that transpired in the main characters’s life AFTER WWII are just as baffling. Really an amazing story that we’re lucky to have after all these decades. Definitely one to add to your queue!!
 Learned about Italy's involvement in WWII that I was not aware of before.  I could imagine being with Pino as he dealt with so many issues, especially learning how to climb around the Alps to help Jews escape the Nazis.  Some chapters kept me awake to find out the results.
 Beautifully told story. From the first page, I could not put this book down. It is well researched and I feel blessed to learn of Pino and his story. He is a true hero in my heart. Thank you for a great book!
 I liked the fast pace of the writing.  One problem with too many adventures is that the book seems superficial and the characters are not fully fleshed out.  It kept my interest.
 This work is so well done. I highly recommend it to all with an interest in WWII.  It is so important to know history in order to keep it from happening again.  Thank you to Mark Sullivan.
 Set in Italy during WWII, this book tell the fascinating story of a remarkable young man's daring exploits and survival.  After my wife and I listened to the CD on a road trip, I bought the paperback to share with friends.
 This book is excellently written. The story draws you in and makes you love the characters. I also learned alot about Italy in WWII. Highly recommend!
 I chose this rating because this is a awesome story<br/>I've read a lot on books and this ranks up with the best
 It is a great story. Very informative.
 The story is well written with characters you can relate to even if you can't relate to the circumstances.  There are some parallels that can be made to the plight of some current-day people of the middle East.
 An unbelievable tale that kept me turning the pages. I wasn't always a fan of the writing, I found it too simplistic at times and to flowery at others. But I cared about the characters and I guess that's the most important thing.
 Good story but too many coincidences
 My husband and I enjoyed this novel from beginning to end. Very interesting and moves quickly.  Would recommend it to everyone.
 Fantastic book!  It was so interesting how much research the author did.
 The author lets you know right away that he's taken liberty with history.  That said, a very good story spun of the Germany occupation of Northern Italy in WW2.  I've not read this author before but would not hesitate to buy one of his books again if offered at a good price.
 I couldn’t put this book down. This account, based on a true story bring the reader through so many emotions; love, anger, fear.
 This book was different than any I've read or listened to. War is terrible but Pino's personal story was tragic too. I'd recommend this to anyone, male or female. The story will stay with me a long time, if not forever. I am anxious to see the movie and hope it follows the book.
 Excellent book on so many levels and very educational.... and emotional, given the subject matter of course. Excited to see how the motion picture pans out!
 I really enjoyed this book and only removed a star because, as others have said, the writing is sometimes a bit dramatic. But overall it is a fascinating story and especially readable knowing it's based on a true story.
 PAGE TURNER, HAVE RECOMMENDED IT TO MANY...DID'NT REALIZE TIL THE END IT WAS A TRUE STORY.
 As most everyone has, I've read many books (nonfiction and fiction alike) but not much about Italy. I thoroughly enjoyed Pino's story. Don't skip the afterword. It is fascinating and adds so much to a well told story.
 Wow this was a great read. Anybody who wants to know what it was like to live through war must read this. Anybody who likes spy missions, romance and suffering must read this. Anybody who wants to be swept up in another time and place must read this. This is a book for everybody.
 good story,  easy to read
 Pino's story is as riveting as it is incredible and larger-than-life. His willingness to risk his life to protect the lives of strangers and his compassion should serve as models for ever man in every age. The author is a master at contrasting the horrors of War with the ordinariness of day -to -day life.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It had a lot of historical facts but the fact that it was written as a novel made it more interesting.
 I pretty much inhaled the book and finished it staying up all night almost. What a sad tale!  I was very happy to read a book where the the Catholic church is not attacked and the truth about its involvement during the horror of the Nazis' days is not overlooked. Thank you.
 Intriguing story - held my interest till the last page.  This was based on a true story about the Russian occupation in Italy during WW11, Passages  describing the atrocities of war were hard to read.
 This book has left me in awe. I cried, I smiled, I gaped. Pino Lella, what an incredible soul. I have nothing left to say. His story has left me speechless.
 This was a good story. Especially as it was based on true events.<br/>It did seem to go for a little longer than expected and I felt that there was quite a lot of artistic license
 Great book about Italy during WWII through a young man’s eyes. Pino Lella is a real person who helped Italian Jews escape through the mountains while working with a priest. Later he works as a driver for an important member of the Nazi party, but really as a spy. The story is so exciting it held the interest of my 14 year-old grandson.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a very well written book that was hard to put down. Although it is a novel, it is based on the life of a young man who displayed a great deal of courage in the face of great danger. Since reading this book I have recommended it to several friends. Anyone with an interest in the history of World War II will enjoy this book.
 Loved this story and its depiction of Italy and its citizens during World War II.  Very enlightening and heartwarming.
 ok
 This book was Gripping - because so much was True !!  I learned a lot !!  I knew little of WWII in Italy.  This was not only informative- but made it personal !  If you want information on WWII an how it effected “normal people “. (YOU !!) please read this !!
 This is a well written, entertaining story made all the more interesting because it is a true story.  I especially appreciated the nuanced portrayal of General Leyers.  I also found myself researching Italy during WWII, since I really have no tangible knowledge as to what Italy was like then.  If you are looking for a thought provoking, entertaining read, look no further.
 Enjoyed the telling of a story that should never die. Well told with excellent insight into the people involved. I would recommend it highly.
 A fascinating story.  Since based on real life, just like real life there are some threads that are never tied up, not all the endings are ideal.  But a very interesting view of a slice of history.
 Outstanding true story of World War II. You will not put this book down once you start reading it. Great book!!.
 I love historical fiction. Based on a true story during the darkest days of our history. Terrible events that will make us remember. Highly recommend.
 Really liked the story about the main chara cater . Good read that kept me interested .  Very suspenseful. Would like to read more from this author
 This book tells the true story of a citizen of Milan, Italy who, during the time of German occupation, experiences  the horrors of WWII  daily.  I could not put the book down.  It is well-written and almost unbelievable at times.  The Grey Men or slaves, used by the Third Reich in such a cruel way, is an interesting part of the book.  .
 Great story that was well written.  A unique perspective on WWII in Italy and on some very famous persons.  The main character was both human and admirable,
 Interesting book about WW!! and the Nazis in Italy. The author met with the main character to learn his story. He was a very young man when he began assisting Jews to cross into Switzerland, and then later as a spy while being the driver for a Nazi General.  He risked a lot to help the Allied cause and the Italian Jews.
 So much pain and suffering. To have endured all that Pino experienced at such a young age is beyond comprehension.
 ...of a time we think we already know everything about. I wanted to read this because my dad spent time in Italy during the last months of WWII. Thanks for giving me a clearer picture of what he must have encountered when he arrived.
 Every once in a while you come across a book that changes you. You cry ugly tears and can't imagine someone's life being this tragic and heartbreaking, and yet they continue with faith and courage, despite living during a terrible time in our history, making you realize that your minute problems are insignificant. If you love World War II history, like I do, if you love amazing, true,heroic stories, or if you just simply love to read and have a pulse, do yourself a favor and read Beneath a Scarlet Sky. Pino Lella will steal your heart and blow your mind.
 And worth reading over and over, absorbing the details. A true story of World War II told in a novel fashion.
 A remarkable account of the latter part of WW2. Villains, Hero’s;  Brutality, Tenderness; Hate and Love. The events which were masterfully presented, touched every emotion of my being. I️ highly recommend this Novel.
 What a delightful find. Pino's story is one of intrigue, honor, courage, and bravery of the highest valor. I can't wait to see this adapted into a movie.
 Sullivan says at the beginning that he was surprised this story hasn't been told before. I'm surprised too. It is a riveting story, only made more so by the superb character development and descriptions he provides. This is an author I want to read again.
 I try to take advantage of these free books every month and I can safely say that this is the best I've read so far.  It was fast paced and engrossing start to finish. I loved that it is based on the lives of real people, using their real names and that it deals with largely ignored WWII history in Italy.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky was one of the best books I have read in a long time.  I especially liked the author's notes at the end of the book that ties the book's characters to real-life people.  If a reader enjoys historical novels, this book should be on your reading list.
 Absolutely the best book I have read in a very long time! This is a story about an ordinary boy of 17 who became an extraordinary man during the German occupation of Milan. If you love history and great writing,  you will love this book.
 Wonderful book! Hard to put it down! It held my attention!
 The surprising twists of plots, the randomness of events, and the seemed-fabricated coincidence - is it a true story, a novel based on true story, or just a novel?  Never mind that, this is a great story, well written.  I felt Pino's love, his pain, and am happy that he's enjoyed his life.
 Engrossing story that was very surprising about people's resilience.  I especially loved the update at the end of this true story.
 I started reading this book and couldn’t put it down,, an amazing story of Italy in the war and it’s unsung heroes.. a must read,, well written
 This book is well written and draws the reader in from the very start. The characters are developed in such fine detail that they become friends who guide you through the narrative. I had trouble putting this book down, and thought about it often when I was away from it. Highly recommended!
 This is a true story.  A time in history towards the end of WWII.  Taken place in the mountains of Italy occupied by the Germans.Sullivan is a good story teller and his characters are real with substance.  I enjoyed this book immensely.
 One of the best books I ever read. I would enjoy another of his books that are based on history
 Suspenseful and insightful regarding the horrific acts endured by the Italians during WWII.  Great historic fiction.  Piano was affected his entire life
 Loved this true narrative of amazingly brave and skilled individuals.  Appreciate that the author exercised literary license in providing additional details to enhance and bring realism to less-remembered details from the past.  The book moved me emotionally in many ways.  In the end, I admire the brave and grieve for the losses of WWII.
 I am not one to normally write reviews on anything, but this book was SO GOOD I just had to!<br/><br/>The story follows a boy who grows into a man in so many ways during WW2. I laughed, cried, and everything inbetween while reading this. The story will grab you and engulf you. It is definitely one of my new favorites! I normally only read while on my way to and from work but with this book that went out the window. I couldnt out it down. It truly is a beautifully written story that everyone should read!
 If you like stories of WW II and want to really learn about the people who lived it, this is your book
 I thoroughly enjoyed this novel.  I understand it is based on a true story, but it reads like a creative work.  I was sorry that it had to end.
 I found the first part kinda slow, but only at the end realizing why.  This book is one of me favorites.  There are many plot turns and knowing it is based on a true story is remarkable.  Loived it!
 Pino's story was gripping from beginning to end. It wasn't a book that I could put down. I would recommend this book to anyone interested in the untold stories of people forced into situations beyond their control and yet risk all for the lives of friends, family and complete strangers.
 A real page turner and a roller coaster of emotions. I felt like I was there with Pino, the main character, every moment of his life. Well written, an easy but absorbing read. One of the best books I've read. This will stay with me a long time.
 it was one of my favorite books - hopefully someone will make a movie - great book
 This book kept me well entertained....even though I read it during a river cruise through the Netherlands, Germany, France and Switzerland, quite ironically.  Or perhaps because of.  I only wish Italy had been part of my journey.  Pino certainly had quite a life.  I didn't really it was true until the end.
 Let's start with this is based on a true story. The author brought out the dramatic events that impacted Italy with the German occupation.  The story line reveals the heroics of the Italian resistance,  and how the average person survived the effects of the war.  I couldn't put it down.
 I didn't know much about the war in Italy during  WWII . I feel I have a greater understanding of what went on and the bravery of the people that lived through it.
 Great Read.  The Greatest Generation included more than Americans.  Heroes rose up from everywhere.  What they endured is beyond the imagination.  This story reveals that fact.  Definitely a great read I highly recommend.
 I loved it!  I've read so many books about WWII lately, based on true stories, and I continue to be amazed at the risks "regular" people took to save others or the unbelievable hardships they endured.  This one was very engrossing!
 This story of a remarkable Italian teenager's heroic role during world war two was the perfect book to read during my first visit to Florence.. The characters ,both good and evil, become<br/>very real in the mind of the reader. The escape of many Nazis from punishment must have been unbearable for European families who lost sons, daughters and parents. Excellent!
 I liked that this book wasn't so deep that it made my head hurt, even being of a subject matter that is probably paramount in human history.  I think it gives a good perspective (from a teenager) of the time and situations that is probably realistic, even if some of the circumstances seemed a little stretched. Based on facts, which always helps believability.
 Despite it being about WW2 the book is fun to read.  Makes you be concerned about the characters and their safety
 What a great story and a true hero! Really interesting because it is history based and the main person, the hero gave facts about what happen and back up by others that was there.  I hated to put it down, wanted to find out the rest of the story.
 Some stories are just meant to be told, no matter how challenging or how painful. This is one of them. The author writing is exceptional and keeps you turning page after page. The fact that these events actually happened makes the book even better. The facts really are stranger than fiction.
 A must read about a fist hand experience of the Nazi occupation of  Milan and Northern Italy  during World War 2.The story of Pino Lella's  harrowing experiences will captivate the reader.
 Beautifully written with enormous detail. Captures your interest. Phenomenal.  Loved this book. Can't wait to meet the hero's son this weekend
 I had forgotten about all the atrocities to the Italians in WWII.  This young man had to grow up fast and be faced with horrible events that shaped his life.  I felt the book was well written and kept me engrossed.  The world is again going through horrible atrocities.  We need to learn<br/>from history.
 Excellent story and great history lesson about Italy’s role in WWII
 Well written. Keeps you turning pages wanting to find out more and more.  Pino one of the unsung hero's of the war.  Highly recommended reading IG your are interested in history of we II
 I think this book tells the heartbreak, tragedy and horror of World WAR I I in Italy. It was an education to me. Well written and filled the pathos and uncertainty of war.
 What a fantastic book. Seriously, it was a great read that really pulls you in. I never leave reviews of books, and I couldn’t help myself with this one.
 I could not put the book down, and have recommended it to many of my friends.  I was eight years old at the time of Pearl Harbor , and most of my friends are a similar age.
 An amazing story, made even more amazing by the fact that Sullivan was able to interview the central character.
 I am always amazed to find another perspective about WWII. I feel genuinely enriched to learn about Pino and all that happened to him and the people of Milan during that time. I am grateful Mark Sullivan was able to spend the time and money to coax the story from Pino so that the world will know this history.
 This is really a great story based on a true hero from World War 11 . It kept me wanting to read more and more. Through<br/>all the death and destruction of war, a true love story emerged. It is amazing how faith and caring for others at the prospect<br/>of being killed kept these people helping each other.
 I don't typically leave product reviews, but this book necessitates a review.  It was amazing.  Such wonderful story-telling, the author keeps you engaged through the whole book, and it is hard to put the book down.  I found myself continually thinking about parts of the story that I had already read.  I read tons of books, but this book has a place in my top 5.  Great read!
 You gotta read it
 The main character demonstrates the clay feet of a brave, young hero. My heart aches for Pino with the same intensity that I reveled with him during his courageous exploits to do good. I love and hate that it is based on a true story.
 Very good read, an engaging story.  Based on true events, but storyline somewhat 'hollywood-ized' for maximum impact.  Nonetheless, very moving tale of WWII in Italy in late stages of the conflict and through to the ensuing peace.
 A look at what happened in Italy during World War II<br/>The author does A very good job of putting you back to that time of great turmoil. To have the story true  deepens the emotions and circumstances
 Excellent book! Read it, you won't be disappointed!
 Really well written. Read it in one sitting because it just captivated my imagination.
 One of the very best historical novels I've ever read. Hope it's made into a movie but could never match the novel.
 Loved this Italian viewpoint of WWII in Italy.  As in any war you do what you must to survive and protect those you love.  Sometimes you win and sometimes you loose.  A true story that should be told.
 Excellent story.  Well developed characters.  If you Google points in Italy and the Swiss Alp, the story will come alive for you, and you will experience the danger that was involved.  Waiting for the movie that has been well earned.  Great historical information.
 An amazing story of courage, heroics, love and loss, atrocities and kindness during WWII made more incredible because it is true.  This story will stay with me long after finishing.  Very moving.
 Loved this book of WWII memories of the Italian front from the eyes of a young Italian man.  Very well written memories spun by the author into a book that was difficult to put down.  Well developed characters who lived through a complicated time in their lives with the war raging around them.
 Excellent story of a not spoke about time in the war. Pink 's tale will have you celebrating and praising his efforts then be ravaged by his human flaws the next. My hat is off to the man who has wrote the story and my heart breaks for the man it happened to.
 Kudos to Mark Sullivan for bringing Pino Lella's unbelievable story to life. Those of us born after WWII need to hear of these extraordinary tales of bravery in the face of horrible atrocities. We must appreciate the freedom others have won and preserved for us.
 This is better than any book I can recall... better than Unbroken, The Boys in the Boat, the Nightingale, you name it. Buy it... Mark Sullivan has given you a marvelous gift in this story.
 Every now and then you read a book that is so captivating that it completely changes your life. Pino endures so many hardships at such a young age it's almost unfathomable. Mark Sullivan writes very well. You truly feel all the emotions that the characters feel. Its been a long time since I cried as hard as I did while reading this book. To know that this man exists, that his story really happened, brings another level of emotions upon the reader. We can all only hope to show the true bravado and courage that Pino showed. Great book!
 By reading this story, I finally was made aware of the role the Germans (Nazis) played in Italy in WWII. The plot was compelling reading. I had a hard time putting it down at bedtime. The "Afterword" answered a lot of questions I had about what happened to the characters after the war.
 Those of us who have knowledge of the horrors of the holocaust are not surprised when confronted with another view. What happened in Italy and the act of heroism makes for a wonderful read.
 Incredible book club choice.  Everyone found it fascinating.
 I’m a WWII history buff, and this is one of the best books I’ve read in a long time.
 A story written with such emotion that I felt I was there. And glad that I was not. And I kept wondering how anyone escaped with their humanity. An absolutely wonderful book.
 I enjoyed reading about the life of a young man in Milan during World War II. Glad to have met Pino and to follow is survival in the war and after.
 I loved this book. It illustrates the complexities for the Italians in the war. It is based on a true story and makes me grateful for not living in wartime. Ww2 was ridiculous.
 What an amazing tale of a true hero!  The stories of WWII are as important today as ever.  The men and women who worked tirelessly to rid the world of the evil the Nazis's unleashed must always be remembered. Thank you for your dedication in following this story to its conclusion and bringing it to us!
 What wonderful story of a true WWII hero!  My wife and I have celebrated 3 wedding anniversaries in Italy and have travelled thru many of the places described in the book.  My favorite Uncle also served as a Sergeant in the U.S. Army that helped free Milan.  This book is a keeper! It would make a great movie! I couldn't put it down!
 So well written and captivating.  I couldn't put the book down.  It portrayed a part of WWII that I as not familiar with.  Oh I hope we never lose our humanity and humanness again but I am concerned more than ever...please let us learn valuable lessons about life and love from books like this.  Don't let us repeat history's worst moments ever again
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky has the perfect balance of excitement, love, intrigue and history. I couldn’t put it down, and sadly finished it way too quickly. I am not a history buff by any means but this book was so entertaining and heart breaking and wonderful, anyone would enjoy it.
 Really enjoyed reading this book about a WW2 hero no one knew about- well written and enjoyable read.
 Really engaging historical fiction (based on a true story) of forgotten WWII atrocities and espionage in Italy. Though the main character is a teen, there are some graphic depictions of wartime violence so I'd recommend for adult and teen readers.
 The language patterns were a bit stiff but as I continued to read, I realized that this helped give the book an "at told to" feel. I sensed the main character at the heart of the story more clearly. An amazing tale and heartbreaking at times. Glad I read it.
 I had to read this twice.  First, quickly, as I wanted to see what happened to Pino Lella, as he navigated this intense period of his life.  But within a couple days, I had to read it again, very slowly.  Sullivan's detailed research and writing about the places, people and events in Italy in the last couple years of WWII are fascinating all on their own.  Then there is the layering of contrasts that surround Pino - his privileged upbringing, interactions with friends, search for love (and music) and daily experiences with the horrors of war, loss and difficult choices.  Finally, there is the role of faith which had a profound influence on Pino:  "He'd had to think constantly, and rely on faith, which he realized was tiring - not easy to sustain at all."  "We have faith, Pino.  We have faith and continue to do what is right."  "What else could we do?  Lose our faith?  Give up?" "You?  Never!" Mr D'Angelo said, now pumping Pino's hand."  "Faith is a strange creature," Schuster said. "Like a falcon that nests year after year in the same place, but then flies away, sometimes for years, only to return again, stronger than ever."
 Great true story, very well written and an easy read.  Very hard to put down once you start the book.
 There is a little something for everyone in this book. Tons of accurate history, a little romance, and non stop action. You can really picture Pino Lella throughout the Alps and streets of Milan.
 I had not read much about World War II in Italy. This book gives a very interesting account of the devastating effects of the war on the people and Italy. The main character is an 18 year old boy who has very interesting experiences during the war. I would recommend this book for people who enjoy historical fiction.
 It was well written. I liked the historical value of it as well. I recommend it to anyone who likes WW II stories with real life events included. What a courageous young man.
 Excellent read. It is apparent that the author has carried out a tremendous amount of research. It is one of those books that is very hard to put down. I managed to read it in 3 days which is a good indication of its readability.
 Great novel that takes the reader to the edge all the time. Adding the fact that is based on a true story, makes it even better. It hooks you right from the beginning and it is hard to stop reading.
 I reluctantly read this book for a Book Club discussion.  Another World War II story. Really??  In the end, I loved the book and the people in it.  It is the previously untold story of an 18 year old Italian boy who saved the lives of refugees during the last two years of the war.  So young to be so brave.
 One young man's contribuions to the Italian resistance in WW II, full of twists and tragedy.  Historical fiction, based on actual events in and around Milan during the Nazi occupation.
 An amazing story!  If it were not true, I would never believe it. This book I could not put down..... it just kept picking up steam and at every turn.  I learned so much and I really got connected to the many characters.  By the end, I was exhausted, thrilled and moved.  Mark Sullivan really painted a beautiful story..... I loved the many passages in the Italian Alps!!  Bravo.<br/>WARNING: start this book on vacation when you can just sit and eat it up..... you will not be able to put it down!
 Historical fiction about life in WWII Italy.  Fantastic character development.  Great storytelling.  Suspense, history and sentiment all in one.  Really enjoyed it!
 A fast paced, suspenseful read about one man's incredible life during WW2. The characters and events were described exquisitely and made this tale hard to put down between chapters. Highly recommended, even if you don't consider yourself a "history buff".
 The narrative style was easy to follow and the descriptions of places were vivid. Because it is a true story, parts of it are tough to read. I would recommend it to anyone who loves history, Italy,  and WWII books (such as Unbroken). Loved this book.
 Well written with interesting characters, good story flow, and evokes a strong sense of place and people at a pivotal time in history.  Best of all, it's a true story!  I also appreciated the author's notes at the end, describing the research and the subsequent lives of the main characters. It gave some closure and also provoked thought about the total arc of our lives.  I will be trying more books by this author, well done!
 I really can't add to the reviews already written other than to say it is the first book of his I've read and won't be the last. It is touching, heart breaking, thrilling and true. I was engaged immediately by the author's own story in the introduction. Pino was one of a kind and represented the greatest generation his entire life. I had a very difficult time laying it down before I'd finished and think you will too.
 This book will hopefully be made into a movie. It was by far one of the best books I've read in a while. It really grabs you in the fact that parts of it are true. I read it on my kindle but then purchased it for my 90 year old dad who was serving in WWII at that time. He couldn't put it down until he finished. Thank Mark Sullivan for telling his story.
 A great story, and I'm glad Mark Sullivan was the one to record it for readers everywhere.
 I would recommend this book to any history lover and WWII enthusiast.  It is captivating. Lift it, open it, shutter at some of the war atrocities, then engage and enjoy!
 All the usual praise that tends to follow a book so worth reading.  It was truly a page turner, even ended up lost in the story into the wee hours, something I assiduously try to avoid anymore.  Pino's story was brilliantly and colorfully shared with the readers. Very much appreciated!!!
 A novel written with a historical fact basis.  Reminds us yet again, there was a time when people fought and died for what they believed in.  A totally unfamiliar concept to the current well groomed snowflakes, who have no loyalty except to their narcissistic, ego-centric, parasitic selves.
 I couldn’t put the book down. A Holocaust story, from a unique perspective of a 17 year old, Italian, Catholic spy, a tale of tragic loss and survival, a must read.
 I loved this book and knowing it was based on a true story made it even more exciting.  It kept me up late at night reading and I didn’t want it to end.  Looking forward to the movie.
 I really liked everything about this book.  The story itself was incredible, and I was torn between reading into the wee hours or savoring it a little at a time.  How amazing that this is based on true events!
 I cannot quit thinking about the hero of this book. It is such an amazing story.  So many unbelievable acts took place during WW2.  The author does an incredible job of detailing these events. His characterization is so well done that you feel like you know the people in the story and can feel the pain and suffering they experience during this dark time in history.
 This was such a amazing book from start to finish. It tells so much history of Milan and the story is told from another perspective. I love that it is a historical fiction that closely follows someone’s life. I hope this becomes a movie!
 This story opened my eyes to the horrors in Italy during the war. Not much was written about. A thrilling book of a great 'man's life.
 This is a great book about WW II in Italy. It is fast paced and gripping.  I highly recommend it.
 I loved Beneath a Scarlet Sky. It reads like it must be fiction and how wrenching that it's not. What a treasure. Signore Lella's life was certainly a destined miracle to help mankind. I'm happy Kindle recommended it for me. I do miss Pino and his loved ones.  Encourage your friends to read it!
 Enjoyed reading this book. People are very interesting. Story is sad and very realistic in the way the war is portrayed. Highly recommended
 Great story of bravery during catastrophic times. Seeing inhumane behavior and trying to cope and do the right thing. Seeing his country being desecrated , family ,friends and the love of his life killed would have finished off any man but he persevered to help make things right. Kept the reader on edge. Very good read.
 Wow, the historical tale alone is worth the read but when the author mixes in literary freedom it makes the tale all the better. Story brings to light the brave struggles and sacrifices of the Italian people during this horrendous time in history; and it is a story that must be known by all.
 This was a great book.  It definitely gave me a greater appreciation of the heroic actions everyday Italians did during WWII to help Jews and Allied soldiers by taking them over the Alps to escape the Nazis. I couldn't put the book down.
 I was very interested in the history of the story because I once saw a documentary (in Austria, in German) about "da bliebers", residents of the Alps and border areas between Italy and Austria, who opted to fight as guerillas or hide out in the Alps. They did not want to be in the Army of Hitler, who would claim them as Austrians, or of Mussolini, who would claim them as Italians. As noted in this story many of the Alpine residents also hid and/or helped Jews attempting to escape Hitler and Mussolini. The story is remarkable but I think it would have been more effective as a biography that included excerpts from the authors interviews with Giuseppe Leila and context provided by interviews with other survivors or historical documents from the war. The author did an incredible amount of research finding people and documents and they are also an important part of the story but their mention is only present in the end notes. The presentation of the story is clumsy. Giuseppe was a teenager at the time and naïve about much of the world but there were times in the story where he seemed particularly naïve and lucky to be alive. Many things that Giuseppe did were harrowing, heart rending and sometimes seemed impossible. This was clear in the events but because this was written as a novel based on events, it comes across more like an incomplete biography; hence my comment that I think it would have more effective as a biography.  I do applaud the author's tenacity and am glad he brought this story to all of us. So many stories like this are lost and when one is found it's importance to the historic<br/>record is incalculable. This story is human and highlights not only the fear, anger, confusion and loss of WW II, or any war, and how many people seek not only to survive but to also retain their own humanity. Giuseppe's parents asked him to join Hitler's Army to survive. The result was his ability to provide information for the allies but not without a great deal of anguish and confusion. There are many questions that will never be<br/>answered. That is the way of history but this story is important to understanding that war is about life.
 One of the best books I have ever read. Well written and not overly descriptive. Loved the story. I hope to read more of your novels. I have recommended this over and over.
 What an amazing story this was. Well written and no gratuitous profanity. It was happy, sad, suspenseful all rolled into one. I would recommend this book to any history buffs.
 A very interesting read about World War II activities in Italy. The work included interviews with actual people and their memories of the events and brought the story to life. I had not read much about World War II on this level and had a hard time putting this book down. I found it fascinating.
 A book I couldn't put down, which is a lot to say for me about a war story. The author brought the characters, the landscape and the atrocities of the war to life. I never read a book more than once because of time, but I plan on reading this one again.
 This was one of the best books I have ever read! What a magnificent story! As all books I have read about World War II, this book really makes me grateful for all that the people during this time have given and sacrificed for our freedom. I didn't want this book to end. I had tears streaming down my face many times as I read this book it was especially poignant to me because it is a true story. This story will stay with me for a long time.
 An a exceptional account of love and acceptance.  A heart wrenching tail of bravery in world gone mad.  The love of family and honor in a time horror
 Interesting book and story about WWII. Most characters were well developed, which made the story intriguing.  I would recommend this book.
 Great story in a difficult time.
 Even though this is a novel, it is based on facts and tells the story of a brave young man who helped Jews and even some American pilots trapped in Italy during world war II.  It is a reminder of how precious and fragile freedom is.
 Amazing historical fiction. I knew pretty much nothing about the Italian battles in ww2. we forget that everyone is a person and has their story and were asked to do unthinkable things. Brought out a lot of emotions. I really like the preface and aftermath. Well worth the read.
 Because this fictional book stemmed from a true story, I was intrigued from the very beginning to the very last page! The author must have done an enormous amount of historical research to make this WWII story come alive on the written page. This is an outstanding book!
 While reading this, I didn’t realize that it was a true story, that makes it even more poignant.  The characters were well fleshed out and the story was told in a way that kept you wanting to read more.
 With all the WWII stories out there, I thought I'd heard it all. Boy, was I mistaken!  This story was so completely different from anything I had ever read. It kept my interest all the way through. I laughed and cried and couldn't put it down. I highly recommend this book.
 Gripping! Well written account of a true-to-life historical event and individual. I'm looking forward to reading more of Mark Sullivan's books!
 Very moving both in history, sadness, destruction, and love. "Observer" could not have been a better title for Pino, amazing descriptions of loss and tragedy, emotions and family ties.
 If you are old enough to remember WWII you should be completely immersed in this story of a teenage boy during the Nazi occupation of Milan. A well-reconstructed true story.
 One of the best books I've read in some time.  The story is built on so much history and is about a time we should never forget.  Engaging characters who show us what true heroism is all about.<br/>Well done!
 I've read a lot of historical books during this time period.  This one is outstanding.  It's written well with details and intrigue. A true story.  Touching, frightening, emotional.  Excellent.
 At first a little slow and simple.  Base on real story, describe a dark part of humanity history that makes you think about it... haven't finish it yet, but I will, probably cause it's interesting
 If you like historical books, you'll love this one.
 A well written book about the life of an unlikely Italian hero who was forced to witness and participate in the atrocity of the Nazis occupation during WW II
 I love the stories of WWII, and this is only the second book I’ve read about the Italian experience of those years. I’m so glad the author was able to tell the remarkable story of Pino Luella. His story needed telling!
 One of the best books I’ve read in a long time!  Very well done!  I highly recommend to anyone that wants to read about life, war, love... Excellent!
 Well written and from an interesting viewpoint. I cannot imagine what it would have been like to have experienced all he did at any age and yet at such a young age.
 I am very interested in WWII history and I loved the perspective of this book.  I found myself making excuses to take time to read it.  I'm going to re-read it was so good!
 Remarkable story about a man and his courageous family and friends. Learned many gut wrenching details about the tragic life suffered by so many Italians during Nazi occupation.
 This was such a fascinating insight into Jefferson's Life from his daughter with whom he was very close., There is so much history and information in this book,  not portrayed in personal biographies.  If you love Jefferson, read this book.
 It is page turner and it is the second world war in a different country in Italy ! It is a different perspective of the war
 I enjoy history and at times I wondered if parts were fiction or a movie script as I’m not sure how a person could survive the experiences shared.  I could see this book turned into a really good movie. Always fascinating to read about the war in Italy
 Long but engaging.  I would highly recommend this read.  Well written with graphic details about how the war impacted Italian civilians as well as the sacrifices endured to help at risk ethnic groups.
 I recently read "From Sand and Ash" and found "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" so helpful in better understanding the Dynamics and enomrmous challenges faced by so many good people in Italy during WWII. Thank you, Mark, for sharing Penni's dramatic story. I certainly recommend this read!
 If the WW2 era interests you this is really enjoyable story.  It reads well and does a great job of getting a first person account of history to be a real page turner.
 You can visualize the war while reading this book, the good, the bad and the really ugly. Very well done.
 I normally read TEOTWAWKI or space opera books a took a chance on this one based on Amazon reviews. Not disappointed at all. I am now recommending it to family and friends. Great story, thank you for the journey.
 Fantastic book but the finish seemed rushed. Could improve in capturing the struggles of the main character.
 Based pretty closely though not totally on real events, it gave me a better appreciation for what it took to survive and the terrible risks those who helped the Jews really took. And the long term effects of having lived through horrific events.
 Told as a story by a teen boy who saw and did too much in Italy in WWII. It really makes you part of his struggles. Very well written.
 I enjoyed this book very much. I was caught up in the main characters life and felt all his emotions. Knowing it is based on real life events had a huge impact on that.
 Interesting story of survival during Nazi occupied Italy.  One man’s contribution to help Jews and the resistance in Italy.  Toward the end I had nightmares about the dead people who were innocent victims. I gave it 5 stars because the book was hard to put down.  I would recommend this book.
 One of the truly heroic stories to come out of WWII and Italy. This book will be hard to put down once you begin. And once you finish you will want to know more about this period of time. A great story.
 I couldn't put this book down.  It is an amazing story of survival through the most difficult of times.  The survival and bravery instilled throughout keep you engaged and reading.
 This novel is a gem.  It will be an amazing film.  It was hard  to put down and lived up to all its reviews.  A brilliant gem!
 Excellant story having been to the area on a vacation tour and remembering the cities and mountains of the region while reading. Well written, intriguing, and informative about human minds, manipulative, innocent, evil, good, greedy, and others.
 This is a very vivid history about the unfathomable, horrific treatment of man against a particular people,the Jews in Italy, and the savagery of the Nazi's.<br/>The courage and good of some who rose up against this brutality, and the help of many clerics, gives a sharp contrast to the evil let loose in Italy.
 This novel reads like exciting fiction, but amazingly turns out to be an extensively researched recounting of the war in northern Italy as seen through the eyes of one remarkable individual.
 I love stories of war especially of the unsung hero. This story based on the truth of a young man just trying his best to live through WWll was the best I've ever read.  A MUST read for anyone who loves history, heroes, love , and great writing
 Beautifully written story of adventure in war time Italy during WWII. A first hand account of love and love lost, of hate, suspicion and courage during German occupation of Milan. History buffs will appreciate the factual detail provided by the author.
 Love, drama, history, suspense. This book has it all.<br/>A page turning novel with a lot going on. A good read.
 This book made me cry and is one of the best Kindle First books I have ever read. If you want to know what happened on Italy during World War II this is the book you need to read. I loved it!!!
 Great story with well developed characters. Based on a true story. This subject matter has been done before but never quite like this.
 I don't read fast, but I read in a day and a half (I had to sleep). It is said to be based on a true person. Even if only half is true, it's amazing. History + WWII doesn't get any better. If only, I could find another this good.
 I was captured from the beginning and throughout this true and incredible story I rode a roller coaster of emotions which at times brought genuine tears. An amazing and privileged insight into a young man’s life. I have read many stories based around world war 11 but this,by far, is the most moving.
 My husband read it and liked it so I decided to give it a try.  Seemed like a good story.  Just started it.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  I never knew this man's story.  Very interesting and a true hero.  Well written, I could not put it down!  Have recommended this to many reader friends of mine.
 I thought this was a very well-written book. It's a World War II novel based on a true story and it was one of those books you can't put down. I'll be looking for more books by the author Mark Sullivan.
 This would be a great book if it were totally fiction.  It is an OUTSTANDING book as based on a true story.  I have recommended this book to friend and family and highly recommend it to you!
 I could not put the book down.  Also knowing it was a true story made it even better.  It is great to know there are hero’s in this world of madness.
 Most of my historical fiction centering on WWII has involved Germany,  England, and Poland. I had no idea how much Italy suffered under the rule of Mussolini and then Hitler. This book seemed to be well researched and also had a very interesting story woven through it that kept me interested all the way through. I definitely recommend it!
 I read this book after a visit to Germany. It brought to life the reality of the horrendous things that occurred during that time.
 A very close description of all the suffering and problems that the people in Italy had to endure during the Nazi occupation.<br/>I would recommend this book specially to male readers.  Too many descriptions on cars, firearms, mountain climbing, etc.<br/>Interesting and careful investigation.
 I loved this book.  I love that it is a true story.  Read it over a year ago and have read many books since, but do remember I loved this one.
 Not a dull moment in the life of a young Italian man caught in the invasion and takeover of<br/>Italy by Nazi Germany. Based on the life of a true hero, this is a very good, well told story!
 I never really considered the Italian front in W W 2, but this novel makes it real.  The fact that this story is based on the life of an Italian teenager only enhances the book.  Also, I was struck by the courage, faith, and selflessness of ordinary people in the face of atrocities.  Read it.
 Mark Sullivan recounts an emotional, compelling story about the all too often overlooked war in Italy. Beneath the Scarlet Sky reminds us of the human toll of war. Pino' s story is one of extraordinary courage and heartbreak. While not great literature this is an engrossing story well told.
 This book read like a historical narrative. A compelling story with a surprise and/or a shock at every turn of the page. Almost impossible to believe and even more difficult not to believe these things happened. Well worth the time spent reading it.
 This book places you into the private lives of actual people involved in the second world war.  Their courage and the ultimate result of each is a great testament to the many civilians of the war.  At the end of the book the author shares with the reader the post war life of all the characters.<br/><br/>Well done and thank you.
 This book held my interest from beginning to end and I had a difficult time putting it down.  I really didn't want it to end and, when it did, I found that the story and characters stayed with me for days.  I highly recommend this book and look forward to reading more of Mark Sullivan's books.
 I loved this book!  I thought the story was so interesting and it's one that has elements I have never read before when it comes to historical fiction dealing with WWII.  I highly recommend this book.  I found it to be very interesting and I had a hard time putting it down before bed each night.
 Written with passion and obviously well researched to stay as true as possible to the known facts.  Causes one to wonder how many others were involved in similar activities.  The unsung, silent heros.
 I loved the book from beginning to end.  I found it to be very real, touching, understandably painful, as well as a precious look at the evil that lies just below the surface in this world.  Terrific research and honesty from the author.
 It was a story full of hope, love, much tragedy as well as tremendous courage during histories worst times. Pina inspires hope for humanity.
 This story is based on the real life of an Italian boy, Pino, living in Milan in World War II. The war comes to Milan,  crushing the illusion of safety from the front lines  and dealing with repercussions of an unwanted war. This sets off an amazing and  emotional adventure that left me in awe. The heroics and trials of Pino should be known. Read this novel!
 I love stories of people involved in the great war. While not a treatise of battle, it is about the times, people, and their struggles.
 An extraordinary novel about an amazing young man during the final days of Second World War in Italy. Moving, heartbreaking and tragic yet a testament to the courage and valor of a true patriot unknown until now.
 A true war story that reads like the wildest kind of fiction. Looking forward to seeing this become a movie.
 amazing.  so, so good. If you loved The Nightingale or All the Light We Can Not See- this book is a must.
 Mark Sullivan, this is by far, beyond words. Pino.... a true good soul and a survivor on so many levels. And Mark captured them all beautifully! Even songs I hear on the radio take me to Anna and Pino.
 Mark Sullivan presents a gripping story, hard to put down.  The characters are skillfully drawn, and it is easy to have empathy with the good guys and to despise the bad guys.  At one point in the story, I was practically in tears.  It was especially difficult knowing that this was a true story and that this is what actually happened.  Overall, this is a fine job of filling in the details of an actual piece of history.
 Amazing!  When I was finished, I couldnt stop researching Pino Lela and trying to learn as much as I could.  This was easy to read, but was written so well that it instantly connected me to the people.
 This book brought the history of WWII alive through the story of Pino. It was truthful and emotional and I could not put it down. Billed as a novel it is much more like a biography. A must read.
 Truly amazing heart wrenching story. Will leave you doubting in humanity .  this story leaves you thinking about things you might not of even  happened during this awful  period of history.
 Tremendous story. What a smart and brave boy he was.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book. I cannot express how perfectly it took me in and then let me go. For anyone that cares about the people that lived the history, this is one to read.
 A very well written story of events that actually happened and the people who lived (or died) through them - Gripping evidence of the horror, tragedy, pain, suffering, and injustice of war and ethnic hatred.  Provides an in-depth look at a theater of WWII seldom considered in history books.
 Astounding story! Very well researched and historically accurate. While this story is categorized as a novel, it has the feel and resonance of history. I enjoyed this book, and I highly recommend it.
 This is the story of a war torn country and the trials of the citizens.  A young 17 year-old boy finds himself with the choices of being able to do good in a bad situation.  The emotions  run high in this exciting book based on the adventures of the life of a real person.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky was an excellent WW2 story of the devastation Germany inflicted on Northern Italy.  It presented the hardships and unspeakable cruelty that Germans savagely imposed on Italians and captives of WW2. Great historical novel.
 I could not put this book down. The story was so real to me and well written. Many thanks to friends who recommend this excellent read to me. I choose to believe this all happened.
 I had heard some good things about this book and it far exceeded my expectations. A true story that goes beyond fiction as a great read. Full of heartbreak and memorable moments. This one will stay with me for a long time.
 At the begging wasn’t that hooked, but then I was all into the book, just couldn’t put it down. Was very exited to know a movie is being filmed after the book and amazing life of Pino Leila.
 Good historical background to WWII in Italy and the terrible devastation wrought by the Nazis and Fascists.
 I liked this story at first. I even recommended it to a friend.  But, this story started to drag about three quarters into the story. I did not finish it.
 A page turner for the most part.  Based on a true story.  An epic tale of a young man’s courage and resilience during WW2.  Worth the read!
 This is a wonderful book about a young man caught up in war. It is based on a true story, and is a page turner. No spoilers here. But please read! Part of this book will cling to your soul.
 A bittersweet recollection about survival and loss during World War II in Italy.  Although  we can't ease their pain, we can learn from their stories.  Thank you Mark Sullivan.
 An excellent narritave about an important p!th of WWll.  Thoroughly researched and written I a very believable way.  Some of the prose was a bit melodramatic but acceptable in a novel.  Would like to read more of MARK Sullivan.
 Where do I even begin? There is not much that I can say that others have not already said except that I did not want this book to end. I was so engrossed in the characters, the life of Pino and his family, and the incredible bravery they exhibited in one of the darkest times in history. I cried for Pino and for those who suffered at the hands of such cruelty. I rejoiced at the triumphs. While I do love to read, it is very rare for me to become so engrossed that I am disappointed when it has to end. Just excellent. Thank you Mark Sullivan.
 Mark Sullivan told Pino's story with such clarity, and details that you felt like you were there right alongside Pino.
 Great story set in Italy during WWII.  Primary character is naive, courageous and loves adventure.  His story is thrilling but sad.  The twist at the end is a real surprise.  The book explores the hideous crimes of WWII.  Hard to put the book down.
 Excellently written. Never knew too much about what happened in Italy during WWII and how it affected its people. A great narrative of the happenings of a young man and how he attempted to help his countrymen overcome the Fascist regime and that of the Nazis.
 This is an amazing story of a young man's incredible courage during WWII. Another account of the atrocities of this war that needs to be read and shared!!! Bravo to Pina Lella and a huge thanks to him for all that he did! A must read!
 I enjoyed this book immensely. The historical background of real events in the Nazi occupation of Italy cast against the story of Pino, a real person living through it all made this book an absolute page turner. I couldn't wait to read about the next turn of events.
 This book was too long -- 500+ pages when it should have been 300+, at best.  I've been a lifelong Nazi era buff and that's why I stayed with the book.  But it was difficult for me to separate factual from fanciful content.  That said, the reader is warned that the facts were hard to verify and that the writer's imagination embellished the story.  I'm glad I finished it and I was glad when I finished it.
 I tell myself I won't read another story about WWII. Then I come across another highly praised story that is about WWII. This one didn't disappoint. Pino's story makes me happy and so very sad, but most important - I'm a better person because I read it.
 Historical fiction is one of my favorite types of books, when the story is based on the author's actual interviews with the subject of his book and that subject is an unsung hero in a part of World War OK we know little about the appeal cannot be resisted.<br/>Beautifully written, this is a story that needed to be told. I had a very hard time putting it away and it will dwell in my subconscious for a long while
 As I read the story, it felt more and more that it was fiction.  Only the epilogue brought me back to the reality of the events.  Real life events are more incredible than fiction.  There are so many unsung WWII heroes like Pino.  It is too bad we will never know many of their stories, but this one is a beautiful one.
 This is the best book I've read in a very long time, and that's saying a lot because I've been a voracious reader for over 50 years.  The book was based on the lives of actual people and the events took place during the latter years of World War II.  Very well written, kept my interest throughout the book and educational as well.  Great book.
 I learned about a devastating and unnecessary war through the eyes of a young and ambitious boy, Pino, who could do most anything. Exciting, heartbreaking and thoughtful. I enjoyed reading this lost bit of history from the Italian side. The fact that all this is true kept me turning the pages.
 Wonderful novel, I really felt that I was experiencing the events as if I was in the story. A lot of suspense at times, heartbreaking moments, but also wonderful tales of success and surviving insurmountable odds.
 Do not miss out on this amazing journey! Eloquently written and chocked full of characters that will tug at your heartstrings, this book is a masterpiece!
 Loved this book.  It was written well and kept your interest from the beginning to the end.  It was easy to follow as many are not.  I would like to,read more of his books.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I didn't want to put it down. I have ready many books on the holocaust and many regarding Hitler and his minions.  This is one of the best, kept my attention and I felt invested in the lives of the characters.  There are so many unsung heroes from that time in our history, I hope to hear about more in the futures.
 I could not put this book down.  I was mesmerized by Pino's story and so completely wrapped up in every word.  My father was an American soldier in Italy in WWII and I can remember him describing some of the events in this book.  The writing is just--well--I just have to say--Well Done Mark Sullivan!!!  I felt every moment of every word.  I'm sure no one could have told Pino's story better.  Thank you for bringing this story to the world.
 Excellent novel of a hateful time in history.<br/>A young man surrounded by family and friends tries to find love and live his young life while staying alive.<br/>Beautifully written with compassion and empathy.
 Although I find it somewhat difficult to put into words, this is an excellent read!  It caused me to pause, reflect, and become immersed in so many of the tragedies of war that I can only hope our world does not become embroiled in once again!  A powerful story that I believe would be useful for so many people to read before they could even consider what air strikes, etc., against humanity really mean?
 Even though this story is about a horrific and tragic history, I loved this book. It is so well written that it draws you in from the first page to the last, which includes a beautiful love story between Pino and Anna in the midst of a cruel war. I understand how so many survivors had difficulty in speaking of their experiences and what they witnessed. I appreciated the author sharing what became of the key characters who survived the aftermath, especially that of Pino Lella. This would make for a great book club discussion.
 I can't believe this is based on a true story.  Such amazing detail in the writing.  Looking forward to seeing if the movie will do it any justice.
 Enjoyed the book very much and would recommend it to others. I'm not so sure that the German that the boy drove for was explained well.
 Solid writing, great, extensive research, and captured from one man's handling of an awful barbaric time in history.  Good work Mr. Sullivan.  A story needing told.....
 A wonderful story. People had to endure so much trauma
 I enjoyed this book immensely.  Not only did it capture my interest at the beginning but kept the plot moving well.  There was enough romance-thriller-history to keep me hanging on through chapter after chapter until the very end, which was a bit of a surprise.  I'm a fan of historical fiction, and this fit the bill.
 I really loved the book. I'm giving it four stars instead of five because it starts out a tad slow, and also includes one, possibly faulty historical reference.
 This book reveals so much history from the not too distant past.  Totally engaging, chapter after chapter.  While some of the storyline may have been fiction, the book was filled with historical facts that answered some questions that I have wondered about for years.  Sometimes the history was so devastating that it was hard to imagine the depth of such  cruelty. Having family members that escaped Germany through Austria and eventually fought in WW 1 &amp; 2, I found this book to be educational and fascinating, and difficult to put down.  Awesome!!  Thank you.
 I found the book totally engaging and very well-written. The characters are complex and dialogue believable. The circumstances have been thoroughly researched.
 A must read shedding light on the atrocities heaped on the brave people of Italy during WWII.  I hope it will inspire more truths to be told about the evils the Nazis leveled against the Italians and the many Italian heroes that have yet to come forward to be honored and thanked.
 This is truly an amazing story, very well written and one of the best books I have read. I highly recommend it.
 This was an exceptional story and a wonderful read. The story was well developed and presented and often left me forgetting that it is true. I enjoyed this book immensely.
 This was an extremely well-written book and a compelling story.  I wish I could have met Pino personally. He was indeed a true hero!! It opened my eyes to the Italian experience during WWII as well as the human experience. I strongly recommend this book.
 Was captured by the life and loves of Pino. The danger, the suspense all were there. Held my breath while he traversed the mountains. Captivating story. Enjoyed it very much
 I love stories about WW11<br/>This story is interesting because it takes place in Italy.  I didn't realize it was a true story until the end.  Riveting account of Pena as a driver for a German general​. surprise ending full of sadness joy and deep feelings.  Great read!
 The book was difficult to read in parts because of the horrors people suffered during the Nazi occupation of Italy but it was a great book and difficult to put down.
 What amazing book.  I'd give anything to meet Mr. Lella and shake his hand in person.  People like him are why I do my job as a firefighter.  To be able to demonstrate love for my fellow human.  Thank you Pino.  I'll meet you here or in Heaven someday.<br/>Thank you to the author for sharing the story.
 Excellent view of WW2 from the Italian side. I have read many books on WW2 that talked about life in Italy, however this one takes the cake as they say. You can really see what life in Milan was like during WW2 and the bond of family and faith. Worth the read!!!!
 I enjoyed this book so very much.  I read it for my book club. I can hardly wait to discuss it with my friends.  It was very interesting and told a very personal story. I discovered facts about the war in Italy that I never knew. If anyone would  like to read a book about the war and see into a life of bravery and love of one man please read.
 If you lover “The Nightingale” or “From Sand and Ash”, this is a must read selection. The descriptions are so detailed that you see it as you read it. It breaks your heart at the evil perpetuated while affirming that faith, love and courage can overcome.
 I loved the detail in this story. The characters were real and rich and I couldn't put it down.
 An amazing book with incredible research on details. So glad to see this man’s WWII story being captured in print for future generations.
 A great tale for all. Beautifully written and fast reading. Wonderful anecdotes of true love and sweet descriptions of love between family members and among lovers. Depicts the efforts of the Italian people and the Church in saving thousands of Jews while sabotaging the Nazi war effort.
 An insightful story of a young man's incredible journey during the second world war in northern Italy. The human struggle to do what is right while the world around you falls apart.
 A story of World War II as lived by the people of  Milan,  Italy,. Brought to life by the remarkable retelling  of a truly gifted author.
 This book was excellent. Well researched, wonderfully written and a magnificent story.
 A well written true tale of one young mans experiences during WW II. Long but captivating. I learned a lot from this story.
 I have read hundreds of fiction and non fiction about the European side of WWII. It was refreshing to read about the Italians. It was well written. Definitely one of my favorites which I will read again.
 This was an amazing story of an Italian hero and his love, heartache and evil during World War II in Italy! A must book to read and you will not want to put it down! Thank you Pino Lella for your bravery!
 If you are WWII buff this is a must read book that depicts an amazing unheralded story about a little known hero
 I liked the fact that it was a true story. I like the information about Pino's life after the war up until he died.
 I just finished this page turner.  The story of Pino held me in its grip whether I was reading or out walking.  I was thoroughly engaged in the story and moved and inspired by the story of one human being's capacity to go above all thoughts or ideas about limitation in the most extreme situations.  All in historical context of WWII Italy.  I recommend this book highly to everyone!
 Great story! Intriguing, fast paced, could not put it down! Love romance, death ,destruction , tragedy,.<br/>Most WWII stories Re about the fight in France. This sheds light on the war in Italy.<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone interested in WWII , although it is also a love story.
 I almost feel like this was two different books. The first half had me riveted and crying at the same time. I loved it.  The second half was awesome, as well, but left me wanting a little bit due to the fact that the first half was so incredible.
 An excellent read.  If you liked "Unbroken," you'll love this.
 Based on a true events.  Lots of action and suspense.  I liked the update of the characters at the end.
 The story of a boy who became a man in Milan during WWII.  A tale of love and war and horror and incredible courage. I highly recommend that everyone read this to see the best and the worst of mankind. To meet a hero.  We must never forget.
 From start to finish this is an amazing story of war, life, tragedy, love, etc. and Mr. Sullivan did an excellent job retelling it all.  Very easy to read, I enjoyed it all over three days at the beach!
 This historical telling of true events held my interest from start to end and I wanted MORE MORE MORE. It put some dynamics of WW 2 in an up close and personal perspective, and certainly championed the human spirit while exposing its weaknesses.  It comes down to this: what would you do to survive?
 Very well written. I'm not a history buff but this one kept me going
 This novel is by far one of the best stories I have read in a long while. Well written - very descriptive - and based on factual information of the turmoil that the country of Italy faced during WWII
 Excellent true story of young Italian boy who became a man who joined the German army to avoid being conscripted and sent to the eastern front. He acted as a spy for the Italian resistance while in the German army. It details the massive destruction of Italian cities by the Allied forces and the brutality of some of the German soldiers and commanders. Well worth a read.
 The evolution of the central character held my attention throughout the entire book. Definitely a good read.
 My attention was immediately captured and held through this entire book. It has everything - historical elements, mystery, comedy, and romance!  I will recommend this book to all my friends.
 It is a powerful story of struggle, intrigue, and inner conflict.<br/>Mr. Sullivan does a great job of taking us through Pino's life.<br/>The book showed me a part of history I had not known of before.<br/>I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys reading about WWII or wants to read a story of courage.
 The depth of life &amp; love put our often petty concerns in perspective.  Hard to imagine as it is, the author lets you come along for an amazing ride.
 This was an easy read-full of information of what people &amp; families had to endure during the war.  Makes you wonder why some people have to go through the things they do.  Please be kind to one another in our present times. Please!
 By far the best book I’ve ever read.  I felt like I was in Italy without Pino the entire time.  Gripping story of a true hero!
 I liked this book because it provided a different view of World War II than I had read before.
 This book is a must read as it's a true story about a remarkable young boy of seventeen who does unbelievable things to save others during WWll in Italy. It is very hard to put down this book once you start reading it. Parts of it are very graphic in details as the author makes you understand the horrors of war.
 Beautifully written. A real page turner about a story rarely told about World War Two . It brings to life the struggles , endurance and quiet bravery of the citizens of Milan Italy. It is based on a true life story and real people. The writer has succeeded in bringing the characters to life. Sorry to see the book end.
 an unknown hero and his heroic actions to save jews in milan where Hitler was taking his fantasies of the one reigning dictator of the world country by country.  it tells the mostly unknown courage and heroic actions by a teenage boy and the hellish atrocities he saw and witnessed first-hand.  i wont forget this read anytime soon.  i hope i never do.
 Although I generally do not read books about this time period, I loved this one.  It has become my favorite book of the year.
 As a person who likes WWII books and have read little about Italy during that time, I thought it was an outstanding book ending with where every one ended up after the war and up until this century. I could hardly put it down,
 Fascinating story of espionage,Nazis and partisans in WW II Italy. The novel is based on actual events. I highly recommend this novel!
 Just about a third through, but so far a very good book.  NOt finished with it yet.  A ways to<br/>go, but so far enjoying it a lot.
 A truly amazing #tory about a real hero.  Rings the war in Italy into sharp personal perspective.  Well written and engaging - couldn’t put it down.
 Another wonderful novel about how a patriot sees the brutality of the Nazi regime and takes it upon himself to do whatever he can to fight back. Reminiscient of Steve Talty's "Agent Garbo" - a must read. All in all.... a very moving story, wonderfully written.
 Interesting tale about WWII in Italy, s somewhat neglected theatre of war.  Should be read by anyone who likes "sidebars" to history.
 One of the better WW2 books I’ve read, this is a great piece of historical fiction, obviously researched in great detail. I read this in less than 48 hrs. I love how the author gave a recap at the end to describe where everyone ended up after the war and outlined the facts behind some of the key scenes. Excellent book.
 Italian characters and their insights were meaningful. Emotions and reacted in this story realistic and relatable. Good story for ww2 buffs.
 Outstanding, intruging.  Amazing historical story
 I love WWII novels, fictional and non-fiction.  This was beautifully written so much that I thought it was fiction.  The Italian perspective was one that I had not read before and I loved the main character.  What a story!
 Great read. The story had me glued to this book. Could not put it down.  Looking forward to movie.
 This book is my current favorite book--I loved it! It's an extremely exciting, adventurous and heartwarming story, and a page-turner to boot. I highly recommend it
 A captivating story that brought the human experience of this war to my heart. Truly thankful to have never known such things myself, but also thankful for the opportunity to learn about the experiences of Pino and the others in this story.
 I had read a lot of books about WWII but none about Italy. Although this is billed as a novel, it is based on a true story. The cruelty of the Nazis made it difficult to read sometimes, but there was so much heroism, it was inspirational. A wonderful read!
 A very good read and so horrifying to be reminded about the atrocities that happened during the war.
 A great read. It kept me on the edge of my seat for most of the book. Even more exciting since it is based on a true story. I appreciated that it was not filled with sex and bad language.
 Although this book is long, I could not put it down! It was extremely detail oriented, at times hard to follow, the story is powerful.  What people did to make a difference, needless of the risks is overwhelming.
 I am tired of WWII stories. I also almost never give a 5 star rating. The only reason I chose this book was all high ratings. I agree though that it deserved the ratings. An amazing story about a part of the was that I'd never read about. Don't miss this book. I'm glad I didn't.
 I read a lot of WW 2 books and I really enjoyed this one from the viewpoint of this young man. Understand it is being made into a movie and I will<br/>certainly see that.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky was a very enjoyable read.  I grew up in that era in the States and remember some of the news at the time.  I am not a big reader but really enjoyed this book.  I liked Peno.
 Haven't finished the book but it is well written and holds one's interest from the beginning.
 This is a very interesting accounting of the life of a young boy in Italy during WWII and the important part he played.  It gives a view of the lives of the Italians under the power and violence of Nazi Germany.  Not always easy to read of the mistreatment of Italians but well written and compelling.
 I've read several fiction and nonfiction books about WWII and I really enjoyed this one. The loves of the principal charactors were engrossing, it was suspenseful as well as educational.<br/>I normally never retead books but I may make an exception in this case.
 Wow. Trying to come up with words to describe this. This book literally transported me to the time and place. I can't recall ever having been so touched by a story. Read it!
 One of the most fascinating and heartwarming war stories I have read. Unsung heroes make the best novels and the author make you feel like you were right there as the story was unfolding.
 This is the MOST AMAZING WWII story I've ever read!  It's the true story of a young man in Italy who became a driver for a Nazi general - and spied for the Resistance at the same time!  Not only is it a most remarkable story, the writing is superb allowing the reader to feel a part of the action.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this novel even though it is fiction the author did a great job intertwining history into the story hard to put down!
 Really enjoyed this book. The Italian story of WWII is not as widely known as the tales from France, Germany and eastern Europe. Tells the story of the war through the eyes of a fascinating protagonist who endured more than his share of the horrors of war. Highly recommend!
 A story that I had to keep reading until the end.  It was well written.  I could feel and imagine e everything that Pink experienced.<br/>A good account of Italy, especially around Milan and northern Italy.
 A well researched and little known look at Italy’s war history.  While told in narrative form, the actual names and places have been preserved. Definitely a page turner.
 Recommending this to my friends that read. The story covers a real life experience and is worth the time to absorb. There are many moments you just want to continue reading to hear the conclusion of that segment. Congrats to the author on an intense and very informative story!
 A book of bravery, reality, and courage. A book of horrible acts. Outstanding and rewarding love. A look into an important life that was only realized at the end of that life. Very special historical story not available in past writings.
 Tremendous tale incorporating much little-known history. The historical details become a little tedious now and then, but overall the author does a great job in drawing the reader into war torn Italy. A few spots perhaps present too much graphic detail of man's inhumanity to man even if the facts appear to be historically accurate.
 Very hard to put down, this book was so interesting .  What a great subject to write a story about, incredible life the main character had.  It's a book you will think about long after you are done reading it.
 This is a true story that reads like an excellent action novel, peppered with truisms about life. I loved the WWII story, but the best part for me was at the end where the author simply finishes the biographies post-war.
 This book was depressing at times.  I didn't really appreciate it until the end and the author disclosed it was a true story.  I appreciated it more after that.
 The writing leaves you wanting more after the chapters. It’s a book I fall asleep with in my lap because I don’t want to put it down.
 This was an amazing and ungodly story.  It makes me ponder life and wonder why.....How did this happen?  Are we all capable of such hatred? I hope not....
 What an epic, unforgettable story!!! And to think it is a true story is beyond imaginable. Beautifully written, captivating story of WWII spies, love stories, and learning to live "con smania."
 I appreciate that this man’s story was told. The impact of war on one man’s life that comes with many lessons. Be grateful for what we have today because we don’t know what tomorrow will bring.
 This is a must read and it is unlike any other WWII story I have ever heard. The author balanced great joy with horrific tragedy. My words can't possibly do this book justice. Do yourself a favor and read this book immediately :)
 It seems that there is a never-ending supply of WWII stories. This biography of Pino Lella captures the complexity of chaotic times and sheds light on good, evil, and the gray areas in between.
 By no means great literature, but one of the more direct, interesting and fast-moving books I've read lately. The fact that it's based on a fascinating historical figure makes it even more entertaining.
 This book is a great read.  Hard to put down<br/>if you have read about World War II. You will love it.
 story, writing, imagery, characters. Atrocious facts folded into heartwarming and heartwrenching ones. Captivating.  The prologue and epilogue helped to understand, and finalize, the story and the people.
 I will without a doubt read this Again!  It is by far the most outstanding book I have ever had the opportunity to read.  I could not put it down.  I laughed and I cried but was enthralled every moment.
 This book is awesome. It is an extraordinary experience to read this book. I am very happy to have read this book
 Interesting story set in Milan during the years of 1943-1945. Very few books I've read go into Italys' role in the war against Hitler. The story followed the main character through all his trial and tragedies.  Well written and thoughtful book.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a story about hope above all else. There are beautiful and absolutely crushing moments that push the reader to want to keep going until the end. That it's based on a true story is remarkable! Highly recommend!
 I often read about the war, never ending fascination with such a horror,  but yet was so surprised about this book and the story of the suffering Italy during that time. Highly recommend .
 Words can't describe how this book makes you feel.  It was riveting from the beginning. This author has a gift for writing and I look forward to reading his other works.
 I haven't finished this yet, but it is based on a true story of WW II in Italy. The author has interviewed a young Italian teenager caught in the middle of the war and becomes a hero. He tells his story with the use of research and visiting with him the various war sites in Italy.
 It tells of a young not quite man, brought into a world not of his making and the hero he became because of it....and you ache for him. You’ll have trouble putting it down.
 This book is such a great book the love story is remarkable and the wonderful way it draws you in to it is so easy to read it you feel like you are right there and going through it.  You can not put it down you have to keep reading it
 While the atrocities of war can be depressing to read about, they should not be forgotten. It causes me to be grateful for my easier life; to not take plentiness and peace times for granted. To me the book was a very well written story. Also, I was glad for the ending summary of what became of all the people in the story.
 This is the first book that I have read taking place in Italy during WWII. As in all the stories of the war, I continue to be amazed at what humans are capable of--both good and evil. If you've read UNBROKEN, then you will want to read this book as well.
 Fantastic book!
 The book shows the how the actions of power hungry individuals affect the lives of ordinary citizens swept up in the hate and turmoil of war.  Their beliefs, struggles and losses are very real and to some extent beyond their control.
 A true story (a little novelized) that is very, very well written. I was very touched and moved by the story and characters.
 If thos wasn't based on the actual experiences of one young man, it would seem like the author had packed too much into the story.  A truly remarkable person and a few unanswered questions.  Incredible courage in the face of evil.
 very good read couldn't put it down very sad book but i knew the content so as much as it was uplifting it was also sad.well written
 Unputdownable ! The second world war had created heroes in all kinds of spheres of life.  This was an amazing look into Milan during the second world war and what the resistance in Italy did.
 A beautifully written story filled the best and worst of human experience. I resisted reading a war story at first. I am blessed have opened my heart and mind to share in the life of Pino written about here. Thank you.
 I felt like I was an observer in every scene.  Passing it on to my husband next. I know he'll love it too!
 I enjoyed this book a lot. Good story, held my interest.
 I had no knowledge of the story or author but since I had never read a book about WWII in Italy I took a chance. It is really an amazing story of courage, resiliency, and love.
 Wonderful story written from the Italian point of view during World War II.
 Amazing story of hate and love, of pain and hope, of the atrocities of war! Proving you can never out live your memories.
 Great story about a young man’s coming of age during war.
 It took me a few days after I read this for the depth of this novel to let go of me.  Deeply touching.
 Truthful and uncensored account showing the good bad and ugly effects that war has on individuals and society. Well lived Pino.
 Bought this book on a whim...then could not put down.  Excellent!  History was so intriguing I found myself googling several events, loved the main characters, his finance, his family, etc.  Just a superb read, highly recommend.
 Never before have I been brought to tears so many times. I was in the alps alongside Pino, in the squares,and racing down the mountains. Thank you Mr Sullivan for getting this story of such bravery and despair out there. Remarkable,heart wrenching and beautifully written. How many more unknown heroes are out there?
 I want to go to Milan and walk the streets, drive the roads.  I am sad that the story ended.
 If you like historical WWII books- it a great one.
 The book was well written.  It dealt with a topic written from the point of view of how a family and friends were affected by this young man's service to his country.  An excellent ending.  Only 4 words.
 Too bad we can't know what is truth and what is fiction when reading a book like this one. Even though some of what is presented is hard to believe, the truth of the horrors and brutality of war comes through. As readers, I'm sure we have learned lessons as well as the author.
 Realistic vivid  characters embroil the reader into a  captivating story. Very difficult story to put down, right til the end.
 I am a long time fan of books both fiction and non written about the WWII era. This one is definately on of the better ones. Give it a try.
 It's all been said here. Achingly, beautifully written. Pages of perfection. One of the best books I've ever read.
 I liked the pace of the story along with the way the story felt real. To survive during wartime takes a great deal of good fortune. Pino had to deal with many difficult situations and outcomes. It made me want to learn more about the war in Italy, since it is usually only mentioned in passing.
 Go ahead. Start it and just try  to quit. Worth every second.
 Easily one of the most powerful and moving stories I’ve ever read.  It is amazing this story remained hidden for so many years but I am thankful that it finally came to light.  This book deserves to be read and hopefully someone will make a great movie.  Pino’s story deserves to be known far and wide.
 One of the likely, millions of untold stories of the many civilian Europeans who were directly impacted by WWII horrors. This story personifies both the heroics and foibles of human nature.<br/>I am compelled to read more about the Italian arena during WWII.
 Mark Sullivan has given a gift to the world with this book. It is a must-read for anyone who loves great storytelling about people who not only survived the Nazi terror of World War II, but are responsible for saving countless others. Too long have the stories of the Italian saviors been untold and I was surprised in my own writing and research to discover how many Italians did not know the stories of when the Holocaust came to Italy. Time is passing for us to learn firsthand accounts of the people who rose above the unspeakable horrors of the Nazi occupation of Italy. We are living in a time when the Italians are beginning to speak of Nazi reign of terror between September 1943 and May 1945 and writers like Mark Sullivan are digging deep into archives - where there is so little left after records were destroyed before the Nazis poured into Piemonte - to uncover the stories. Beneath a Scarlet Sky will leave readers asking if they could rise to the occasion to save the lives of the pursued and persecuted.
 A story that weaves a measure of fiction into an otherwise non-fiction accounting of one of the 20th Centuries most difficult times.  The wrap up at the end of the story is very powerful and brings the whole message home.
 This was a real page turner.  You don't hear about the impact of WWII on the Italians often so it's a great historical perspective.
 Great characters and a wonderful story.  If you love reading about the Holocaust, then try this book!
 I'm somewhat confused.  Was this a novel based on actual characters or not?  Many of the characters definitely existed (yes, I googled them) while others I could not find.  Nevertheless, I learned a great deal about Northern Italy topography, history and about Italy and the Italian people during WWll.
 A superb novel in both conception and execution.
 This book held my interest the entire time. Ii am glad that Pino's story was told. Would highly recommend this book.
 Riveting heartbreaking and uplifting! The heart pounding suspense kept me turning pages late into the night. I will not soon forget Pino and his heroic life story
 Thank you Mark Sullivan for shedding light on the “forgotten war”. I had no idea the atrocities and heart aches the Italians suffered. I thought it quite interesting to see your perspective from both sides and how people get caught up in the frenzy of a maddening rule.
 The book is based on the amazing life of Pino Lella, the father of my Army buddy. It is a most interesting book indeed. Once you start reading it, you will not stop.
 Incredible story. It takes you through so many emotions. I loved it! You have this love hate relationship with the main character. When you think you've figured out the next direction, the story goes someplace else that totally surprises you. The author ends the story well and completely satisfied. Thank you for telling the story.
 I liked the main character "Pino" ,and the description of way in which Milan was effected by the Nazis.<br/>The period after the surrender was horrific with revenge killings
 This is one of the best books I have ever read. The story that Pino Lella kept hidden is truly remarkable. I was riveted, and filled with so many changing emotions as I read. The author did a fantastic job of painting the picture of Italy, the people, and the conflict that was World War II. I am recommending this book to everyone I know!
 Loved this book and can’t wait for the movie or mini series to come out
 I could not put it down.  I learned so much about Italy and what they went through during the war.  I have visited many of the cities mentioned and actually skied in those mountains so l could really feel a part of the story.  I was so impressed with the "unsung" hero and his struggles to find hope and happiness.  A truly beautiful love story and page turner.  It would make a wonderful movie.
 Probably the best book I ever read .... and I am 75 years old! One really great bit is that the author reveals what happened to all the characters in their roles later in life. I will have a hard time reading agian after this book. Thank you Mark Sullivan.
 This was a captivating and very moving account of an extraordinary man under extraordinary circumstances. I can only wonder how many other heroes have passed without sharing their experiences during WWII .  It was an amazing generation!
 Well written, enjoyable and inspiring story of a real young man's coming of age during WWII in Italy and of some of the events that occurred during the war in Italy.
 So much has been written about Germany and Nazi WWII and so little about the innocent victim that is the Italian people.  In these ever challenging times it’s a sordid reminder that in war there are many silent victims and in life there is salvation.  Thank you for this story.
 This story has so much to offer. A love story, a story about a brave Italian man, his  family and the men and women who fought against the Nazi occupation!  I couldn't put it down!
 Great book!  I am a WWII buff and thought that I had pretty much read just about everything there was to read, both fiction and non-fiction but I didn't know much about the war in Italy. The fact that it was a true story was even better. Highly recommend it.
 This is such a memorable book.  Reads fast and the character development is excellent.  I rarely give five stars to a book.  I can't stop thinking about it a week after finishing it.  Best book I've read all year.  Read it!  You won't be sorry.
 An outstanding story, based on true facts of a daring very young man who risked his life over and over again. I felt I knew him as a real person and could feel all of his experiences. It also gave me a much better understanding of Italy'sinvolvement during ww2.
 This account of the war in Italy grabs you right from the beginning and Holds you to the end.  Unfortunately, there are missing pages in every chapter also from the start to the finish so parts of the story are lost. Very disappointing.
 One of the best books I have read!! Great story that is true and well written. All of the characters are "real" and he tells you what became of them after the war. One of the best examples of historical fiction which is a great way to learn history.
 Well-written with in-depth character development for a fictionalized account of WWII in Italy. Very brave people! I recommend this!
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a powerful story of a WWII hero who has been heretofore unnoticed.  My thanks to the author for bringing this story to the public in such a beautifully told tale.  It has made a lasting impact on me and the way in which I view the Italian situation in WWII.
 Took a bit to get going, but it was wonderful.<br/>Can’t wait to see the movie and one day visit Milan.
 This is one of the saddest books I've ever read but still worth reading. I had no idea what the Italians experienced during the war.
 What a remarkable life after such a heartbreaking one for Pino. The author did a fantastic job writing this book. It held me captive from beginning to end.
 As a loyal Amazon prime member I was pleasantly surprised to receive this Kindle Edition for free! It was definitely a book you could not put down!! I have read many stories about WW2 and found this one very captivating as it was a true story. Pino's sacrifice to work for the Nazi's protected many, many lives! Congrats to the Author for his hard work uncovering this story!
 This story was  gripping  from the start. The family friends and enemies of Pino Lella and their part when the Nazi's take over is suspenseful,agonizing ,disturbing, hopeful and uplifting.
 Awesome book. Took a little while to get into it but so worth it. The true story will touch you and stay with you after you have finished reading. Amazing what people endured during WWII. Highly recommend it
 The book kept my interest throughout...enjoyed reading it.
 What an emotionally charged book about an incredible human being who risked is life to save many during WW II.  A story everyone should know.
 I can't even begin to give words to the depth and vibrancy of this story. I've been trying to tell as many people as I can about it.  Read it. You won't be disappointed.
 It has been over 5 years since this avid reader has been impressed by a novel to this level. Wow, the 13,000+  five star reviews, also listed 13 among the most read, and it isn't a trend novel like Harry Potter? See how this gem sparkles among that list? How could it get a better resume? I'm not going to tell you the story, in fact I recommend you read very little of it because nothing is exciting if you already know what will happen. Based on my desire to read adventure novels, and novels of survival during WWII, and the review numbers and most read status, I knew I had to get it. And, I'm sooo glad I did. Don't hesitate, it doesn't drag, it isn't too long, there is never a dull moment where I put it down. If I put it down, it's because I want to savor the moment and pace my enjoyment of reading such a great novel.
 Loved this book!  Well written tale of a unbelievable life. Makes you appreciate the small things in life.  Highly recommended.
 This story took so many twists and turns, it is hard to believe that it is based on a true story.  It left me dreading, hoping, laughing and crying.  But in the end it offered a great opportunity to appreciate all that life has to offer.  In some ways, I am sorry, I finished it as it was so good in so many ways.  I had to review my history of Mussolini and Northern Italy during World War II.  It truly is a remarkable story that touched my life.
 The life story of a young Italian teen who deals with the tides of war when Hitler invades Italy. Gut wrenching at times, and terrifying as Pino Lello learns to survive against a hated enemy.<br/>Could barely stand to put it down. Very satisfying read. And soon to be a movie! Hurray!
 This is a story about an Italian teenager who becomes embroiled in the 2nd world war in Italy. It is a story about love, family, war and espionage and the scars left on this young man for the rest of his life. It is a fascinating story that I could not put down.
 This is a book which was begging to be written. A story needing to be told. Mr Sullivan did an excellent job of offering the wartime story of Pino Lella's life to readers . Action packed but simply told, descriptive yet not overblown, it was a tale I could not put down.
 Great book about Italy and WWII.  Recommend it highly.  Very well written.
 Couldn’t put this book down - had to know Pino’s story and how it ended.  Wonderfully written and unforgettable story.
 Enjoyable read, felling a bit like a novel aimed at senior high age group. The beauty of it was that it was not heavy with detail, yet highlighted Italian push back against nazi power. Historically based fiction at its best.
 This historical novel based on the real life of a young Italian boy and his journey to manhood during the Second World War deals with the love of country,  family, religion, and a remarkable young woman.  I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for stories about the lives of those who lived the day to day life of the war. My father was part of the American forces that freed Italy, and he rarely talked about those years. This gave me some incite into why. Thank you,  Mr. Sullivan.
 I wasn’t sure I wanted to read this book but I’m glad I did.  It took a bit to draw me in but then I was hooked.  Pino’s story is amazing and heart wrenching and people should know about it.
 This is the heart wrenching story of the coming of age of Pino Lella, a young man living in Milan during WWII. Pino wants what all seventeen year old young men want- a life free of the responsibilities of adulthood, and a beautiful girl to share it with. However, when the Nazis become more of a presence in Northern Italy, his life changes overnight. The author goes to great lengths to accurately portray this devastating period in Italian history with compassion, understanding, and even humor at times. I came to care about these characters and to feel as if I were there with them, suffering from the harsh and cruel conditions resulting from the worst of human nature. I'm glad that the author didn't attempt to whitewash any of the information he uncovered as it adds a bitter reality to the story and helps you see the characters as three dimensional, striving to make sense out of life as it really was. I was especially glad that the author included what happened to the main characters in the story after it ended. I had grown invested in each of them and wanted to know how they fared after the war and later in life.
 A wonderful story of a young Italian who became a resistance fighter in WWII.  It is a tale of danger, luck and courage.
 Brings the pathos, insanity, and horror of war starkly and movingly to life. No heroic dichotomies; just humans trying to cope with an impossible absurdity.
 I like war stories, and have been reading them for a long time. This story is different. It does not make the characters hero or villain but humanize them, goes into their beings and reflect a thought, a wish, a regret and a loss. Great novel.
 One of the best, if not the best book I have read in a long time.<br/>Enjoyed this book and held captive by the constantly changing events from beginning to end.<br/>Highly recommended
 The best WWII book I've read in a while. Well written with good character development.  A vivid reminder of man's inhumanity to man - as well as man's inherent desire to do the "right" thing regardless of the consequences.
 I seldom read books like this but I am really glad that I did this time. Good plot and character development. I enjoyed especially the early part of the book with the setting in the high alps. Additionally, the author did a great job at the end bring all the characters up to date.
 I have never heard very much about Italy in WWII. This book gives some insight to how much that country and it's citizens were affected. Pino was  so young, but the reader watched him grow and become a man in a short time.<br/>The story both consumed and intrigued me. I had a hard time putting it down for even a short time.
 As a major consumer of the World War II fiction genre, I have to say that Beneath a Scarlet Sky is now at the top of my list of favorites in that category. While I realize this book is not truly "fiction", it reads like an adventure novel that includes a beautiful love story. But, it's all the more moving knowing that it's based on a real life Italian hero. Thank you, Mark Sullivan, for bringing Pino's story to the world. I am eternally grateful.
 As a history buff, this story is fascinating and compelling. When you consider that this novel was gleaned from a trove of historical records and interviews, it was masterfully written. I would recommend this novel to anyone who is interested in the War in Europe.
 This is a novel, and a true story of WW II and the cruelty of war in Italy. Well written and entertaining from beginning to end.
 But quickly rivetting. The research alone for this book.is mind-boggling. I have a better appreciation of small town italy's.war experience
 I have read a lot of WWII history and historical novels based on that period as well.  This novel is historically accurate and based on a person's actual experiences.  It is very fast moving and full of tension and deals with some of the horrors of that time in Italy.  It is one of the best historical novels I have ever read.
 slow start but did pick up to be very interesting aspect of the war and Holocaust in Italy.
 A beautifully written story of an amazing life that would be unbelievable if not true. It is the millions of untold stories like this that keeps evil from overtaking the world. It's just sad that so many lives have to be unjustly cut short while we wait for humanity's 'better angels of our nature' to mature.
 I loved this book ! Well written, easy to read, engaging, and knowing it was factual really endeared the characters to me ! I learned things I never dreamed about this tragic time period in the history of the world. I'll read it again !
 I actually bought the book by mistake but decided to read the first few pages and couldn't put it down.  I was never introduced  to the Italian side of the war until this tale..I hate to say goodbye to Pino, he is an incredible hero.  I recommend this book to everyone.
 A testimony of the strength of the human spirit overcoming all the drama life presents to each of us and the importance of seeing the beauty of life waiting to be appreciated.
 I love reading about the Second World War and knowing that this is based on the truth is just wonderful. Can recommend it for anybody, even if you don't know anything about the WWII.
 What an amazing true story.  I had to force myself to put this book down.
 I particularly liked the hero in this book, and the unexpected twists and turns his life took.H
 Pino Lella's story seems like a Hollywood script, but it really happened.  His story is one of God's  work  and of love - the love of family, of friends, and that once in a lifetime kind of love.  Truly incredible  and inspiring.
 I love stories about real people and this one was an excellent book! Interesting, engaging, historical, and taught me history about the war I didn't know before. This brave Italian made a difference in the war and in the lives of everyone he met. I highly recommend this book!
 Wonderful writing! I couldn’t put it down. I appreciated the afterward and discussion with the author. Mark Sullivan did so much research to make this story authentic.
 This book was an emotional roller coaster because of its truth of history and the incredible depth of the hearts of those in it. From an innocent boy who saw enough to bring him to the edge of madness and back to the joy of life. The depths of evil in the hearts of the Nazis in charge is always amazing and should be broadcast to the younger generations in warning. The book was heart wrenching but such an important narrative. Treasure life.
 This book should be required reading for anyone interested in the complexities of the Second World War. But more than that, it is a grippingly written testament to the human spirit and a page-turning adventure story. The writing is spectacular and the tight construction of the novel makes reading it a pleasure. I am recommending it or giving it to everyone I know and no one has been disappointed.
 This is an exceptionally well-written book, obviously based on a depth of good research.  It is both riveting and painful to read, and the characters fairly leap off the page into reality.
 Just like the book 'Unbroken' it is one of a thousand untold stories of bravery and self-sacrifice at a time of horror in our history.
 Love the story this novel told. It is a moving insight to WWII. The bravery it took for these people to do what they did is phenomenal!<br/>The story will pull at your heart strings. Read it. I think you will love it as I did.
 I couldn't put this book down. What an amazing and sad story. I didn't know much about WW II from the Italian point of view. Pino  Lella is an amazing and brave hero.
 I have always been interested in stories about WWll.  Most of the ones I have read are historical fiction.  However, this story is a true account of a man, Pino Lella, and his part in helping the resistance during the war. He led a very eventful life and ends up here in the US after the war. I highly recommend it!
 Fascinating, enthralling, sheds another perspective on my  limited knowledge of World War II.  Hard to imagine a young man living thru all that he did, and surviving whole.
 One of the best written books of this decade.  Fascinating and enthralling.
 A well written historical enlightenment. Pino will live on in your mind and focus your awareness on the direction of our world's humanitarian influences.
 This is one of the best heart pounding books I have read in a while. Mark writes well of a WWII  story from a first hand account. Amazing and page turning. Emotional on so many levels. Thank you Pino for sharing your courageous story with the world. I will read this one again.
 What an amazing story about a young man helping his country during WW2. I recommend this book to anyone. About love, history and life.
 I'm listening to this when I run or bike after work. It's the first time in my life that I've been riveted to something involving history. Well done!
 This is a remarkable story about a life few would know about unless this book had been written.  You will be drawn into this story with each page as you discover the unbelievable challenges Pino overcame.  Pino's life story is a fascinating tale of human spirit and will power in very difficult times.
 Good read about a fascinating period in history, including many near factual events.  Sullivan is a solid writer, though not brilliant; hence four stars, not five.
 Pino Lella was a remarkable human being.  His compassion and empathy for people knew no bounds.  I'm so glad his story was published for all of us to read.
 I really enjoyed this story. A lot of history that you can almost see. Many soldiers and spies never talk about  their experiences. You don't know until they are dead or almost there. Then you don't know what questions to ask until it is to late. Great story, thanks.
 Beautifully written, powerful story of a real life. I really think if everyone read this, our world could be a better place, if only we could earn from it. Best book I've read in years.
 Based on the true life of a youth who becomes a man and a spy. An easy but fast paced read.
 Compelling story! Very moving! I now want to go back to Milan and visit the places described in the book, as well as the Lake District and the Italian Alps. Would make a great movie. Highly recommend!
 ways in which humans survive in war, including the worst of the Nazis. Pino is quite a character, courageous and deeply conflicted.  A good as well a hard read.
 Great story. Pena is an amazing person.  I am surprised his story had never been told before. I realize it is a mix of fact and fiction but it is a great story and lesson in history.
 Well written about human behavior and the strength we have without knowing.<br/>I grew up in World War Two in Germany<br/>and will recommend this book to my 18 year old Grandson.
 I couldn't put this book down.  It's a gripping story that stays with you long after you've finished.  The writing is excellent.  I highly recommend this book, especially if you are interested in WWII history.
 A great and true tale of WWII in Italy and the people who fought to save Jewish lives and resist the Nazi invasion.  Important, least we forget.
 I enjoyed reading this book very much.  What I most appreciated is that it was based on the lives of real people.
 This is a book based on an fantastic true story.  I was hooked from the very first page and couldn't put it down.  I would recommend to anyone who likes true stories or even historic fiction.
 Excellent book!!  It makes one want to research Mr Leila for more detail!  I am typically more of a pure fiction reader but highly recommend this historical fiction!
 Absolutely one of my two favorites in the past year  Main Characters could each have their own books. Great writing. Wonderful pace. Do yourself a favor and read this one.
 Excellent historical story. I hadn't thought about the difficulties in Italy during Hitler's time. This book really brought it home. Very enjoyable and quite riveting. I would recommend this book for all to read. Thank you,  Mark Sullivan, for writing this book.
 An almost unbelievable true account of the personal, physical and emotional horror and loss of war.  Balanced by real courage, perseverance and strength of the human spirit.  Engrossing, shocking and deeply spiritual this story details the loss and will to survive that somehow combine with love as a binder to form a genuine hero.
 I loved this book based on historical facts. I googled the main character and discovered ,much to my joy, that he's still alive. I had never heard of any of these details and learned a lot of facts about World War II that I hadn't known.  It held my interest and I had great difficulty putting it down. Great book.
 I really liked the main character, Pino. His character was well developed as well as all the other characters. It was enlightening to see the bravery that he possessed in such an awful time in history. Pino was an unsung hero.
 Very interesting book. Didn’t realize it was based on real people when I started reading it. Kept my interest till the last page
 Good read.When he lost the love of his life so horribly I had that in my thoughts every time I returned to read more.Would read this one again.
 Very well written.  Intriguing. Love WWII stories. This one was a different one for me as the focus was on Italy and how a young care-free teenage boy had to grow up quickly to survive the devastation and the heartbreak he endured during the war. I would definitely recommend this book.
 I honestly read it in just a few hours, not able to close my Kindle. This has got to be THE best WWII book I have ever read! At first, I thought it might be a fictional account of the war in Milan, but quickly found I was wrong. Pino and his family go through so much terror living right on the battlefield. Pino is just a teenager at the beginning of the book, and in two years, goes through every emotion conceivable.<br/><br/>However, my review is nowhere near the stark reality of the book. Mr. Sullivan writes as if he himself is Pino's companion. He shares all of the emotions: heart aches, friendships, love, horror, that each character experiences. This must have been the most difficult book to write. And I thank you, Mr. Sullivan, for bringing this story to life. Please read it for yourself, and you will be glued to it until you finish.
 Excellent read covering a dark time at the end of WW2..........that keeps you wanting to read the next page
 An incredible journey through the war with a young man, his family and friends- who, like their countrymen, were exploited, used, abused and tossed aside by their narcissist leader for his personal gain. A must read personal narrative that has finally come to light!  How many more must there be????
 A great read for anyone who has known anyone involved with this time period and place. For me it reminds me of stories I would hear from my Italian parents. The fullness of life one minute and the lost of loved ones the next.
 This is a very enlightening book.  I had no idea the  Italians were treated so horribly as were the Jews who lived in Italy.  I found this book hard to put down.  The fact that it is a true story makes it even better.  It's a story that stays with you long after you finish reading it
 This is a must read for any WE II reader.  I got so very invo!he's with Phno Lella and shared his joys and sorrows.
 A riveting story of commitment, bravery, and loyalty mixed in with some sordid, and horrible recollections.  I'm glad I was never in Pino's position.  I feel privileged to have read his story.
 Once I started reading this book, it was hard to put down.  An interesting and emotional ride.  I highly recommend reading this book.
 Best thing I've read in a long time. What an amazing story. At times triumphant and at times heartbreaking I haven't been able to start another book since reading this. Like needed time to get over this one first.
 It is a true story that needed to be told.<br/>Thank you Mark Sullivan for presenting it in a most readable format. I couldn't put it down.<br/>Certainly deserves the 5 star rating.
 In an era of novels that seem half baked, this was a gem. Fascinating storyline, careful crafting of characters, and excellent scene descriptions. It was captivating. So many events seem unbelievable - it’s a challenge to remember that it’s based on a true story!
 Incredible view of World War II as viewed by Italian eyes. It was a riveting story, fast read.  Incredible storytelling and great factual tidbits make this a worthwhile book for anybody to read whether you are into history or not.
 bought it twice first copy fell in bathtub as I was reading it lol
 Not quite what I expected,but terrific. Well written, very interesting and great history lesson.  Hard to believe someone lived such a rich but challenging life. I feel like a better person just by reading it.
 World War II Italy. A true story of intrigue, love, conspiracy, cruelty, kindness.  Sullivan's telling brought the players to life 60 years after the war.
 Great account of a historical event in the relatively unheralded iOtalian Resistance.  Nicely embellished fictional account.
 Thank you so much for your work in bringing this story to your readers. I have recommended it to others and will read again.
 I had to be up work at 6 AM, but stayed up till 2 AM finishing the book and couldn’t get to sleep for over an hour after.  I’m not mad or grouchy though.  It was totally worth it!
 Excellent story, had a hard time putting it down. I hear that it is going to be a movie, can't wait for that.<br/>True story of someone who did extraordinary things during very difficult times.<br/>Remarkable.
 The story of Pino Lella's life was one which I found fascinating and hard to put down. I did not realize it was over 500pages when I selected this originally as a Kindle First pick. I never bored during those pages and held on unable to put it down, reading it in a day! I won't spoil it for anyone but if you're a WW2 buff or even enjoy spy stories or tales of ordinary people doing extraordinary things, then you can't go wrong reading this. Highly recommended.
 since this is based on a true story, i gave the author some leeway.....The story was compelling. I did not realize that the war in Northern Italy went on so long...in fact, I admit to being ignorant of a lot of these facts...The twist at the end is probably a little bit of artistic license...very good read
 The WW2 era has always been fascinating to me. I am intrigued by the stories of strength and resiliency of everyday people.  This is the first story I've read about the war in Italy.  I must say, the story of Pino Lella is as remarkable as it is heartbreaking.  I would definitely recommend!
 The more you read, the more you can't put it down.  This is not historical Fiction. It is real.  One man's life and a untold story of WWII.  You want to think this didn't happen but it did.  Thank, God for Pino's story and Sullivan for his research and writing.
 This book moved well and had great character  development. The scenery was accurate and you could feel the very air they breathed. Very emotional without beingnfake.
 I would not have expected to enjoy a book about World War II and Nazis in Italy. However, this story was told through the eyes of a young Italian boy named Pino and the reader can't help but feel the emotions he felt.
 Terrific writing telling a true story about WWll in Italy. The story is about remarkable courage, love of country, and faith! The Audible book was very well narrated. I think it was an incredible story.
 I enjoy reading a novel based on true events &amp; ones that will be a movie...This book reminded me of the great fortune we have in that there were Hero's during this dark time in history.  Their bravery is astounding!
 I had to keep reminding myself it was true.  Such loss, such unthinkable suffering, such love!  It is hard to imagine, but thank you Mr Sullivan and Mr Lella for making it possible for us to try.  You honored the memories of those who suffered and heroically saved many lives.  May we remember, learn, and grow wiser.
 Wonderful story.  It comes to life. Impossible to put down. A great read and a new learning experience. So little is written about the Italian front. A real eye opener.
 Gripping story of one boys' life in WWII Italy.  This is one of the best books that I have read.  Mark Sullivan draws the reader in with humor, drama, and love.  Definitely a page-turner!
 Pino was a remarkable man and a true hero.  An amazing story of inner strength, faith and intelligence and daring.
 Starts a little sloe but before you even realize it, you are drawn into the fascinating life of Pino and sn inside look at thr trials and heartache of war.
 Wow. This book blew me away.  Real life intrigue and suspense on a grand scale. I am so happy that I chose this as my free Prime book of the month, but I would feel no remorse had I paid for it.  If you enjoy historically-based novels or real accounts of war you should read this. My thanks to the author for getting this story out there.
 Awesome book.  Cannot say more.  Just have to put it on the must read list for sure.  Compelling, informative and great read.
 A story that deserved to be told and it was told well.  It gave me a new perspective on the Italian experience in WWII and the history of Milan during the Nazi occupation.
 Overall I thought the novel was very good. It was a little slow getting started and seemed a bit unrealistic. However, the last half was an excellent read and kept me coming back for more!
 I've been reading a lot of WWII historical fiction and this is one of the most amazing stories I've read yet because it's based on a true story of an amazingly heroic man! I am inspired and haunted by the story.
 There were so many twists and turns in this story that it is almost impossible to believe it is a true story, but I am so glad it is! What an incredible life Pino Lella has had. Thank you for sharing!
 This is the only book on WW2 I've re read that focuses on what life was like in Italy during the German presence.  I found it hard to put down and it affected me deeply. So much courage and goodness go unrecognized and unrecorded.
 Some stories have to be told. As I was reading it, I had to remind myself that I wasn't reading fiction. The story is so fantastic, you think it was imagined. I guess the old saying truth is stranger than fiction really applies here.
 Great story but the dialogue was often tedious and long. It was an amazing story of personal courage but often too slow in developing it.
 I found this unknown hero's story touching, engaging, frightening, and unimaginable horrors sad and captivating.  It was history I know about, but was brought into the light again through Pino.
 I started reading this book to pass the time but I didn’t think It would keep my interest. I was so wrong. I read it within 24 hours. I found it well written and I couldn’t wait to see what would happen to Pino next. The fact that these people were real people made it even more interesting.
 Emotional. Disturbing.  Amazingly well,written.  Should be required reading.  You see things differently after reading this book.  More dedicated to making sure we don't let this happen in Historynagain. Which we are already failing to do I fear
 This is a "can't put it down" story.  Historical fiction based on interviews with the main character, Pino.  This may be the first book on WWII Nazi occupation in northern Italy and the Catholic underground.  It inspires all emotions: happy, sad, angry, fear...  A must read.
 A fascinating story about bravery of people and the devastation in Italy during WWII. based on real life hero Pino Lello whom I had not heard of before, but have learned much more about since.  What a guy!
 Despite reading a fair amount about WW2, I had not read much about Italy's role and situation. Interesting and apparently fairly accurate  story.
 One of the better books I have read about WW11.  It is very hard to imagine what these people had to endure and survive.
 A young man unknowingly rescued many from certain death, forced to join the enemy and ultimately freeing the enemy he came to know too well. A life lived, loved and hated. A touching story of WWII.
 I've read many historical novels based on WWII. I found them all well written. This story, however, held me captive. I found myself intertwined with the main character.<br/>I felt his pain.<br/>Well done
 Could not put this down once I had gotten into the thick of it. A story that is about a part of WWll that most know little about. Something for everyone in this book!
 This book is extraordinary &amp; inspiring. It makes me wish I could visit with<br/>Pino Lella in person &amp; discuss his experiences &amp; courage &amp; strength.
 Well written book that gives insight to the war in Italy and what it was like immediately following the war there.
 beautiful story of great courage! I appreciated the author telling about his quest to satisfy the questions regarding the German long after the war has ended! I am also glad to have followed the life of the main character until recently.
 Italy and the people there were very much a part of the war but as a footnote in history Italy had been sidelined in favor of Germany and Japan.<br/>A harrowing tale of a family and specifically one young mans story of the forgotten front.
 This is a really good read. I had a hard time putting it down. It is am incredible story and hope to see it in a movie someday.,
 This book is phenomenal!! So very well written! The reader is able to feel the emotions of the characters and the historical content makes it a true work. The author should be proud and I do enjoyed reading this book!! Highly recommended!!
 Great book. Loved the story. Fell in love with the characters.
 The story of a boy becoming a man in Italy in World War II.  His journey of trying to do the right thing in the face of danger.  Love, loss, and finding a way to move on.
 I have read hundreds of novels and this has to be one of the best written and one o f the top ten story's of the Second World War. Thank you Mr. Sullivan
 The book is from the Italian perspective of World War II.  The book was both suspenseful and harrowing. The main character, Pino, was young but certainly dealt with the adult issues of the war.  I would recommend this book to anyone that enjoys reading about World War II.
 Excellent story, true story by the way.  One of those "I can't put it down " books.  I've passed it along to my sister and then she's giving it to a friend.
 I thought the book told a gripping story about a young hero in Italy.  It was suspenseful with great descriptive writing that helped you ‘visualize’ the characters and the scenery.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone interested in WWII especially since it is a true story.
 This is a captivating story about WW2 from a uniquely Italian perspective.  Loved it and could not put it down.  The story is heart wrenching, have tissues on hand.  It is our choice for book club and I am sure the feedback will be positive.
 Loved the book!  Brought to life the events in Italy during World War II.  Pino has an amazing story and deserves commendation for his war efforts.
 Hard to put down the book.  What a story.  We will never know how much was actually true and how much was embellished to justify some of Pino's actions.  Wish there was a way to confirm Pino's account of things.  I suppose there is good and bad in all of us.  Enjoyed reading this from the Italian perspective.  Would be interesting to hear Mimo's account of things.
 Suspenseful, descriptive, based on true story of a brave young Italian at the end of<br/>WWII.  I feelas if I were there in person due to the descriptions and blowbyblow actions.
 I haven’t gotten lost in a book in a while. I got lost in this book and thoroughly enjoyed reading it!
 When I chose this book as a kindle first option, I was hesitant. Many books written about WWII are all written he same. This story was unique and I found myself engrossed in the story of young Pino Lella. This was an incredible story of true bravery, heroism, love and loss. It is definitely worth the read!
 If you liked Laura Hillenbrand's Unbroken, you will like this book too!  Amazing almost non-fiction story about a young man and his experience of world war 2 in Milan Italy.  So inspiring and makes me appreciate my freedoms and to put my own "hardships" into perspective.
 It was one of the best books I’ve ever read. Recommended by a friend. It’s hard to believe this is a true story and amazing at the things that happened to this young man and his family and city.
 A fantastic read.If I was a writer this the way I would have written this story. Straight lines,no jumping back and forth, intriguing, funny, sadness,everything life throws at us at one time or another. Makes you think about what and why things happen the way they do.<br/><br/>A vert nice summation<br/><br/>Really enjoyed  this story.
 A wonderful story of a dark time in history. Praise to the author for uncovering and telling this important story of an unsung hero. The book does bog down in places but it's well worth the read.
 Loved this book.  The fact that it is based on actual events made it so much more meaningful.  Characters felt real. Dialogue was well written and the plot moved at a interest retaining rate.  Would highly recommend.
 This is an amazing account of Italy; particularly Milan, during WWII, and how a young teen aged boy endures the many trials and tribulations of war. Pino Lella is tasked with seemingly impossible duties, and becomes a man in the midst of war.
 I loved it from the moment Pino Lella appeared on scene.  His innocence at first and then the rude awakening to manhood.  His good heart and his humanity.  I loved everything about Pino.  And unfortunately, I dislike the Nazis even more.  Great history reading with the human touch.
 Really enjoyed this book...recommending to everyone I know...
 This is a very good story told with feeling about a part of history that has been forgotten, but is also one man's life and the actions he took to help people and do what was right.
 If you like reading historical fiction, this is a good read. Based on the recounts of a person who was involved in WW2. He helped rescue Jews by getting them out of Italy and later as a spy for the Italian underground. Intriguing story, held my attention for sure.
 Exciting, well written novel based on a true story.  I haven't seen many stories from the vantage of the Italian resistance during WWII.  I couldn't put this down.
 ok read, more for Juveniel readers.<br/>Tame, no language, good for young readers.
 The author has delivered a compelling story, an incredible eyewitness account and a story worth telling and knowing.  I feel deeply moved, having read a book deserving of much public notice.
 Suspenseful and heart thumping story! I can see the movie now.
 I really enjoy historical fiction.  This book had it all...mystery, romance, and suspense. I look forward to reading more from the author. It was obvious that he spent years researching for this story. I highly recommend Beneath a Scarlet Sky!
 Enjoyed the entire novel. Well written. Very descriptive of the scenery and the people during and after the end.<br/>The heart break of loosening loved one.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It was breathtaking and heartbreaking. It help my interest until th every last page.
 Well written and researched kept my attention throughout. Learned something new about Italy and world war 2. Would definitely recommend.
 One of the most emotionally gripping tales I've ever read. I also learned a lot about the war in Italy. Truly wonderful true story.
 Excellent and well written.  I enjoyed it immensely.  I could put it down, because I had to go to work and such, but I'd think about what I just read for some time and was anxious to pick it back up to read more.
 Terrific account of Italy at the end of WWII.  Amazingly written, emotional and informative.  Highly recommend.
 If you liked Unbroken, you will love this book.  Hard to fathom the bravery of these people, especially at such a young age. Interesting historical story.  Loved it.
 Interesting story about a little known part of World War II in northern Italy.  If you like history, this is a book for you.
 Simply stated, it was a book totally worth reading. Written well, historical presentation was excellent and excellent storyline. I have stated to others, it is the best read I have had in the last 3 years! Looking for another of that caliber?
 This is simply one of the most incredible stories of one man's life and adventures that has left me and my family (we listened to it over the course of many road trips) in utter awe and amazement.  Thank you!!!!
 This book is an unbelievable true story which is well written, and kept me interested and wanting to know more. I highly recommend it!
 Interesting world war 2 story holds your attention.  Not sure the ending was clarified. Would have liked to read more and not have it end.
 The author says at the outset that he had to fabricate details to make the story cohesive, so we know everything didn't happen exactly as depicted--but still, it's an incredible "mostly true" story.
 Great read
 There is a saying that every love story is a tragedy. This amazing story of one man's incredible life speaks to that saying.<br/> I would recommend this book to anyone searching to understand the complexities of life.
 An amazing true story of how brave many teenagers were. Tragic and truly brave. This is a must read in remerence and and honor of many
 I felt I was Pino at times. Such vivid recollections of horrific times yet happy times as the Italians lived through each day with hope they would be spared.
 Great book!  It was selected for our book club and was a page turner!!!
 Loved the telling of this recount of a factual story.  Hang on for an action packed ride all the way to the closing chapters.
 well documented, makes u think, poor boy only 17 years
 The construction and delivery is outstanding... ,loved it and the history.<br/>I felt as though I was actually experiencing the events.
 This was an interesting book’ although entirely too long. The twists &amp; turns kept me reading, the details were fascinating &amp; true.
 I never heard about how awful the war was from an Italian perspective before. This book was well written and very interesting. Happy, sad and mortifying all rolled up.
 An amazing account of an unbelievable journey. I'm so glad I found this read, and indebted to the author and those who helped make it possible...but more importantly I'm grateful to all those souls having experienced such atrocity. This is an account that all should read.
 Though a work of fiction based on facts, I found myself drawn to the humanity shown by the characters during the darkest events of the war in Italy. I knew little of the struggles of daily life in occupied Italy other than the few stories my Aunt would share from her youth, which she was reticent to tell. I'm glad Mark Sullivan was able to tell Pino Lella's story in such a masterful way.
 It took me a little while to get into this book.  But once you are it's very interesting on a persons personal experience on the war.
 Wonderful story of bravery and heroism during a horrible time .  appreciated it even more since it is based on a true story.
 This novel based on true events is so engrossing it is hard to put it down.  I wonder how many other heroes kept their stories secret after any war<br/>The most difficult thing to read is the truth of all this in the end.
 Having visited Milan recently as well as  reading books set during  WWII mostly in England and France  this book seemed like a good choice with a setting in Italy.. What I found was a very well written account of a hero and the horrific events he witnessed. It touched me like no other story has in quite a long time. I highly recommend this novel and look forward to seeing this story on the big screen. Thank you, Mr. Sullivan for introducing us to Pino Lella.
 It's hard to believe something like this happened.  But I've been told that in the darkest times, good people will do what's right. That hope is never gone.<br/>Humanity can be both ugly and beautiful. This book is a perfect example.<br/>Read it
 I liked that the writer wrote a story we could have as part of history and be cast into time not so long ago.  Knowing people of the era and their story make it all the more intriguing. A spell caster.
 I'm so glad this book was suggested to me. What a great story of courage and daring in the face of impossible odds. Pino's story deserves to be heard.
 Absorbing. Extremely educational while immediately booking you.  I raced through this and enjoyed it immensely.  I highly recommend this book.
 A book I will never forget.  It was so good you couldn't put it down.
 Interesting novel ambiented in WWII. It starts well, and rapidly takes a fast pace, with good detours and surprises. However about the middle of the book, those detours seem somehow forced and the story dilates too much, with no real support for it.
 An amazing true story of a life well lived and very well told as well. Definitely not your usual war story. The twists and turns that the main character experiences are quite extraordinary. There is definitely a movie here. Highly recommended.
 Great book.  The author makes you feel that you are in Milan during WWII.  Watching the lives of the characters trying to survive the horrors of the Nazi invasion is a reminder of the inhumanity of war.
 I loved this book. As a former history major (with a focus on World Wars), this book immediately grabbed my attention and held it until the last page.
 A book I was not able to put aside. A true story of love and a lesson of life, from a beautiful soul living through the nightmares of war.
 I agree that Northern Italy in WWII has not been covered in most literature. No matter what choices a person made, there were for consequences that would affect others.
 Hard to put down, especilly because it is from our  history.  This  is a marvellous read. Most fiction isn't as breathtaking as is this story based on a real life.
 Very good book. My wife read it and even took it to work with her to read at lunch. That was a first.
 I truly enjoyed the book except for the immorality. Those scenes just  did not need to be included and ruined a very good story for me. Because of that, I cannot recommend this book. I will only recommend clean books.
 Clearly shows how faith helps an individual overcome fears and helps them accomplish great feats that they initially thought they couldn't. I was totally involved with the characters from page one.
 This is a most amazing story born out of the authors love to bring Pino Lella’s life to book form.  I can’t imagine what a daunting task this was yet nothing in the story seemed labored but rather so very authentic and brought all the characters to life and was a joy to read!
 So many times I wanted to put this book down. I alternated between the Audible and Kindle versions. I also had to remind myself that Pino Lello was just a boy when the war started. So many of his actions were heroic but they are also ones of survival. A story of surviving 'in the moment' - without thought sometimes and I think many people who experienced the war will understand. Toward the end (no spoilers) I was horrified and angry and put the book down.  When I started up again and persevered to the end then heard the Authors comments after, I was better able to digest all that had happened. In saying that - I was an outsider in the process. Imagine having gone through all that! I have the utmost respect for Pino Lella. At times the lack of emotion could only have been a 'compartmentalising' factor - survival by cutting off feelings and opinions on the subject in case he broke down. The book was well written and thanks to Mark Sullivan's passion in getting the whole story from Pino Lella as well as the research and time he took before finalising the book is admirable. We cannot judge another's story if we were not there to feel their pain.
 I loved this book. It is historically based and put a new light on the second World War. The author used the material from his interview with the main character, who relayed his experiences, and developed them very well.
 Wonderfully written story. If one is looking for a heartfelt story and history,history does not get better written than this.
 Pino'a experiences will make you grateful to be alive. It's a beautiful account of humanity's darkest and brightest. Prepare to feel humbled.
 A well written novel.  Human nature, love , shame, guilt and happiness, exploring unanswered questions and what-ifs' of life. Enjoyed reading the life of this brave man.
 Beautifully written story of life in Italy during the war.  I could not put this book down. It takes you from the Swiss Alps to the streets of Italy . Well written book!
 Great novel that keeps you wanting more.  It's a true story of the realities of living in occupied Italy during WWII.  Great twists and turns with a suspenseful journey.  Well done!!!!!
 There are so many individuals that we do not know about that have made a difference in peoples lives.  This book gives one an insight of one very young man that made a difference.  Thank you Mr. Sullivan for researching and writing this book.
 This was an amazing book to read!  So many others did wonderful jobs giving a thorough review, so I'll just say that I highly recommend this book!
 This is an excellent example of why I think Amazon should make 10 stars a possibility. I rarely give 5 stars, but this beats any 5-star book I've ever read by 5 points. I want to give it a 10 star rating!<br/>First, let me explain that I am dyslexic and that this is not my favorite subject/genre. Normally I would avoid it, but two relatives were so impressed with it that I decided to read it. I could put it down. What I couldn't do was LEAVE it down. I had to know what happened to Pino. There were no lulls in this book - only less intense passages. Sullivan's ability to put you on the scene without going into descriptive narrative was nothing short of amazing, as was his skill at characterization. I understood so much more than he said, because he led my mind there and allowed me to explore on my own.<br/>I go beyond recommending this book. I think it should be required reading. It says so much about human nature and it reveals history in such a way that it can easily be reapplied to other situations. It is a shining example of writing skill. 10-stars. Yes, that's what I give it.
 I wish I had read this book prior to visiting Italy.  Deeply moving and simply written. Hard to fathom the actual events. It is educational and incredible.
 I've read so many stories about WW 2, but this one resonates and captors emotions that no one else has. Very good and very real.
 This was a fascinating story...well-written and based on fact.  The author introduces the story and draws the reader into the book immediately.  Then he wraps the story up with up-to-date information so questions are answered. I couldn't put it down.
 I am fascinated by everything surrounding WWII and had just finished The Nightingale, a novel of historical fiction that I couldn’t get out of my mind. So when my husband and I left for a quick trip, I searched for other books like it and stumbled upon this one. You will never forget the name Pino Lella and none of us should. The story is haunting and heartbreaking, beautiful and completely engrossing. I just finished the book minutes ago and felt compelled to tell you this is a book not to be missed.
 As a strong believer in having the reality of WWII never lost, a friend told me this was a must read. It is.<br/>As a boy grows into a man, he falls into the love of a lifetime and all while experiencing first hand the atrocities we should never forget. Superb.
 The story flow was excellent. I enjoyed this for information on  a part of history that  was overlooked.<br/>I especially liked learning about Plno
 The story is told from the view of a young man in his late teens. His naivete was a sharp contrast to the horrors of his WWII experience. I would recommend "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" to anyone who enjoys reading a well-researched historical fiction.
 Amazing story includes tragedy, love heroism and the resiliency of human spirit.
 great story, amazing that it is based on a real person's life
 This historical-fiction novel tells the story of a seventeen-year-old boy who lived in Milan, Italy, in 1943. Pino Lella was a typical teenager until the allies began bombing Milan in June 1943. He and his fifteen-year-old brother were in a movie theater when the first bombs hit. Both escaped, but their lives were changed forever. His father ordered him to go north to a church-run place for sanctuary in the Italian Alps. He had stayed there earlier, knew the priest, and became an exceptional Alpine skier and mountain climber.<br/><br/>The first weeks at the lodge, Father Re, the priest in charge, had him climbing the neighboring mountains getting him refamiliarized with the area and building his strength. Sooner than both would have liked, he was pressed into service to lead Jews from Italy to Switzerland to avoid the Nazis and deportation to a concentration camp or immediate death. After several death-defying trips, he returned to Milan where Nazi leadership was using as a base of operations. His parents insisted that he enlist in the Nazi Army because the Italian soldiers were being sent to the Russian front.<br/>Pino did as he was told and enlisted in the TODT corps which was the supply and engineering section of the Nazi Army. Through a strange coincidence, he became the senior Nazi general's driver. Additionally, he was a spy for the allies. His uncle was his contact point and both didn't tell his parents or brother until near the war's end.<br/><br/>This is a war story, a love story, and a story about the cruelty of war. There are so many twists and turns to Pino's life during and after the war that one would think he was a created character but the author spent days talking with Pino at his home in Italy. While reading this book, I realized how few books I had read about Italy during WWII. It brought to my attention how the civilian victims of war suffer the conquests both of the invaders and those that free them. Many of the lessons of this story can be applied to today's Middle East. This story will bring you love, hate, joy, and tears. Superbly written, it deserves a place on your history reading list.
 Amazingly well written, and packed with passion and action. It's truth is amazing, and you'll believe it's been a movie you've just experienced.
 A captivating tale that will leave the reader anxious to read what comes next. It provides a level of insight that could only come from those that lived through the horror of war.  The amount of research that went into this book is amazing.  Thank you Mr. Sullivan for your devotion.
 Mixed feelings about this becoming a movie. I can't imagine a movie living up to the integrity of this book. This is just one of those few treats that you don't want to end and when it does you are just so happy you discovered it.
 I found the book to be engaging.  I learned more about World War II. The characters lives are so interesting.  The way the characters perserved despite hardships is amazing.
 The book is so well written that I finished reading it faster than I normally do.  The story ought to be made into a movie. I found myself really getting into the main character and truly admired his heroic efforts in spite of the real danger to himself.
 I love WWII novels. I realized, after reading this, that there aren’t many I’ve read where Italy is the setting. It was another (horrifying) perspective on such a terrible time in history.
 You won't be able to put this book down once you get into it.  The fact that it's based on a true story makes it that much better. The writing could be better, but it's one of the best books I have read in a while.  It will make a great, must-see movie.
 Good story. Started a little slow, but got good soon. Hard to believe that this is a true story?
 Mark Sullivan has brought to life a story which I must describe as an unforgettable experience.  The imagery and characters will remain with me for a long long time.
 I loved this book. The story is amazing, and to think it all really happened makes it that much more incredible. The writing, and storytelling are superb.
 Wow, do I ever hope for more from this amazing author!  I want to read the entire series, hopefully as soon as each part is published.  Gripping, thrilling and beautifully designed PLOT!
 I enjoyed this book for the great details of the city's towns and country's which made the story interesting and believable. Pino was an amazing man that lived with so many heartfelt memories it's surprising he lived so long.  I will pass on this book to friends and family who read this part of history, a sad time.  Mark Sullivan is an excellent writer.
 I liked it a lot more before I read that the story isn't completely "true"
 Too many coincidental encounters made this based-on-a-true-story novel read like pure fiction. I enjoyed it though and would read another of his books.
 One of the best books I have read in a long time. It is so hard to believe that it is a true story. 5 stars.
 Great book, I had some trouble with the Italian towns pronunciation but loved this book. I was sad to see it end. Thank you Mr. Sullivan for your brilliant talent.
 I read a lot of WWII novels and this one is a very good one. I highly recommend it!
 This book was very enlightening as to what people went through during Word  War II and the courage they had to take on the Nazi's war machine and total disregard for human life.
 An untold story you've never heard of courage, love, and heartache in Northern Italy in WW II.  Your heart will take a roller coaster ride - soaring above Lake Como where Italy and Switzerland meet, drop into the lowest valley of man's inhumanity to man, find love and joy and twist and turn through to the end.
 We should never forget the horrors of the maniacal Nazi machine or the Holocast. The author makes sure we don't in an exceptionally well researched and emotionally written way. This is a five-star stunner no matter how many works of WWII historical fiction we read.
 Very good storyline,characters developed fully, a slow start but quickly picked up to a can't put down thriller. I would like to have seen a happier ending but that's life. Thank you for a good historical fiction storyline.
 I couldn't put it down!  Learned much about the Nazis in Italy which I was not so familiar with.  I think this should be made into a movie, it is such an amazing story with many surprises.
 A somewhat faulty protagonist, mostly for justifiable reasons, acting as he thinks he should, during the second world war in Italy.<br/><br/>Lots of tragedy and heroism.  A good and worthwhile read.
 This started of slow but needed to .The story was amazing then page after page i couldn't put it down. This is one of the best books i have read. I highly not just recommend but strongly suggest you read it.
 Amazing story, amazingly told!
 Enjoyed the story of courage, love, faith, family, and friendship during a momentous, tragic  part of our history. Motivates me to read more history and to visit northern Italy.
 Coukdnt  believe it was a true story.. enjoyed reading the book but at times felt some of the descriptions of Pino’s life and activities should have been consolidated and streamlined. Too much information, but a wonderful yet heart wrenching story.
 This book lived up to all the recommendations, though it took a few pages for it to kick in. Then it took off. Great, vivid characters and story of what happened in Milan and Italy during WWII.
 If you liked Unbroken, you will like this book. Enjoyed more than I thought I would.
 A great story of WW II European view. Italian Hero who saved many lives. Well written!<br/>Highly recommend!!
 Read the kindle version and absolutely loved it. Now I am listening on Audible and loving it even more.
 Excellent writing and story. Some how I didn't quite understand till the end that these were actual characters. Made me appreciate their tragic struggles and the story telling even more. Much better than many other books I have read about the life and suffering during WWII.
 One of the best books I've read in a long time. Couldn't wait to find time to continue reading. I kept thinking what a great story teller the author was, and then reading the epilogue I realized it was all true and extensively researched.
 Just an amazing recall and telling of an incredible story. Such heroism, pain, tragedy, luck and perseverance. Thank you so much for writing this book!
 I seldom reread a book.  I intend to reread this book.  Need I say more. It is a heart wrenching story. I learned so much.
 I found the story very slow at the beginning but then became hard to put down. Realizing it was based on a true untold story made it even better.
 It took a while to get going, but was better written and interesting the further you got in the story.
 This excellent historical novel based on the experience of a heroic teenager living in Milan during the Nazi occupation is an exciting as well as informative read.
 This should be a must read for anyone who wants a history lesson about WW2
 Hard to believe that all of this occurred. What a hero this young man was, and what heartbreak he endured. A truly marvelous story of courge
 Very good read,anyone having a relative who was in the military would enjoy this book.  Keep up the good work.
 One of the best books I've read about WWII.  I hope and pray the world never had to go through something like that again.
 Subject matter very disturbing and full of horrors. It wasn't what I expected. I thought the war would be the backdrop of the story, but it the Nazi atrocities were front and center. I just didn't like it.
 So today I'm writing about a bestseller. A book that won attention from the entire reading world, really. In the words of a fictional character I love, "We're all stories in the end..." Pino Lello definitely made it a good, and heroic, story. Beneath a Scarlet Sky follows the life of Pino Lello, his family and some of the people he knew during WWII in Italy. The book weaves a fabulous tapestry of a family, who showed courage in different ways, resisted in a thousand different acts, and persisted despite the horrors around them. This book comes reviewed by thousands of people, and rated very highly overall. It deserves every bit of praise it has received.<br/><br/>Disclaimer: Beyond this point you can argue that there are spoilers, though not specific ones. If you don't want to read about them skip the rest of the review, but know that I whole-heartedly recommend this book to anyone who likes reading historical fiction, and works based on real-life events. This book reads like a spectacular tale of historical fiction, and the writing is on par with another of my favorite books, The Nightingale. <br/><br/>-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/><br/>The book opens with Pino in Milan, where he grew up, in the fashion district. His family are craftsmen, designers, musicians, and these colorful influences informed Pino's identity. Maybe it was those crucial moments who shaped the boy Pino was and the man he became. Either way he used those moments to do what needed: to help. Pino's parents know the war is coming, and soon after the bombing began sent Pino to a remote Catholic school in the Italian Alps where they had vacationed and traveled before. Pino is experienced in the terrain, he knows the conditions, and before he even realizes it the Father there is training Pino to help people get out of Italy and into Switzerland. From there it is a chain reaction decisions, actions, and coincidence that led to Pino become an important spy in the fight against the Nazis.<br/><br/>The prologue shut me up, and made my inner cynic sit down for a while. I didn't know until the Prologue that it was about an actual man, before that I was all set to write a snarky review about the luckiest fictional spy WWII ever saw. That sounds horrible now, given what Pino witnessed and suffered, and I can't explain it without spoilers, but trust me that I do know that this great man saw true horror.<br/><br/>The ugly truth is, as in any war, a person is lucky just to make it out. Whether they kept their heads down or if they spent years resisting their conquerer's efforts, people were lucky to survive. Somehow that wasn't the case for Pino, this book and it's prologue make it obvious that Pino didn't just survive the war, he found ways to live during it. That's part of what makes the story seem so unbelievable. If it took skill and cunning to survive, what did it take to live and find an enduring love during war?
 Both beautiful and horrifying, "Beneath a Scarlet Sky" renews the reader's faith in the human spirit.  Romance novel, horror story, history, and travel books; it's all of these, and all are done wel
 Great read.
 I always feel encouraged by selfless acts to save others, especially told about WWII.  We all need to remember how freedom and happiness comes best when we look beyond ourselves.
 The roller coaster of emotions, danger, intrigue, and struggle to stay alive in wartime Italy will have the reader relentlessly turning pages.  History has seldom had such a vivid telling;  it will likely be a blockbuster motion picture.
 A must read for people interested in the war of all wars, the Nazi power struggle and terrible atrocities on not only the Jewish people, but the Italian people as well.
 This book is a page flipper.  It is well written grammatically usings words and descriptions that entrap the reader into this experience.
 Great book.  Really enjoy the book.  Amazing and informative regarding the WWII in Milan/Northern Italy.  History, Love Story, Loss, destruction and survival. Just bought a few more copies to give as gifts.
 This book really opened my eyes to WW II and I couldn't put it down. It was so real and intense at times I felt like I was right there in the midst of the action. Worth the read and my husband is currently reading the book.
 The story is best well written. The characters are well developed and the story moves at a steady pace.  I learned a lot about the WWII in Italy.  It's a story of people who are good but flawed, bad but not totally bad.  In the end you realize that there are no winners in a war
 Brings to light the atrocities the Italians suffered at the hands of both the fascists and the Nazis.  This story needs to be made into a movie.
 My family and I just returned  from Milan Italy. We were amazed at the Duomo. We climbed to the top. I wished I had read this book and knew about Pino ,Anna  the atrocities  of the Hitler , Nazi. Regime. This book was page turner. Could not put it down.
 So historical, loved this novel
 I don't review books often, but this book was great.  You never hear about what the Italians went through during WWII.  I love that the book is based on a true story and it is truly worth the read.
 Truly a remarkable story from one of the many courageous men of WWII and retold by an author who cared for the character as a friend. The best kindle first book I've ever read. The things that happened to this young man are remarkable and I only wish we could know more about him nowadays. Thank you for telling us Pino's story Mark.
 I wasn't sure what to expect with this book and was pleasantly surprised. What a story of a young Italian teenager forced to grow up during WWII and seeing things that no one, much less a young man, should see. From meeting a beautiful young woman, watching his beloved city of Milan destroyed by the Nazi's and their collaborators, being the driver for a Nazi general and helping Jews escape through the Alps, this is a true story of heroism and heartbreak that needed to be told. While the writing was a bit awkward at times, the story is well told and keeps the interest level high. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who is a fan of history and loves stories of ordinary people who find themselves in extraordinary times.
 There so many amazing true stories in our world that need to be told and I am so glad this one was.  This is a terrific book and you will not be disappointed.
 I have read many accounts of the war in Germany; most about Americans and German. However, I have never read a book that focused on WWII in Italy.  This was enlightening. A story of incredible sadness, bravery and survival. Glad I did not miss the opportunity to read this well written book.
 This story will stay with you forever as if you had actually lived it, great tale, beautifully written by a writer that I never heard of....
 Very well written and entertaining. I will look for other books by this author. Equal to any of the "top name" authors.
 We seem to hang on to humanity by a thin thread - this is a very gripping story of a young man trying to hang on to his as war invaded his life.
 This book felt real! I had not realized the extent of the Italian resistance to the Nazis or the extent to which the Nazis controlled the Italian military. But I would have liked to read the author's summary of where he exercised literary license and what was factual. In any event, this is very well written you cannot help but feel the agonies Pino endures.
 Fantastic read. Characters are well developed and you never know what's going to happen next even though you might know how the overall story of WWII and how that turned out.
 This book had me up until the wee hours of the morning.  It appears to be very factual.  I feel I will be rereading this book one day.
 I was wishing this book would read more like non-fiction but when I finished I had a better appreciation for the way it was written.  Unbelievable story.  Thanks to Mr. Sullivan for sharing!!  So glad you didn't wreck.
 Absolutely, one of the best books I have read in a very long time!  I got to know the characters and wanted to know what was happening with each of them.  Where are they now?  Are they still safe?  The twists and turns are dramatic, some heart stopping and some anger inducing, and some painfully tear jerking.  So very real and incredibly well written.  I had not read this author before, but certainly will again!
 Enjoyed the book. Does have some disturbing parts but have to remember it is a war story.
 Great story I can only imagine the amount of work involved in putting this book together.  A great piece of history shared also.<br/>Very good book!
 One seemingly normal day, a brief encounter, and the atrocities of war. That is what waits for you in this book. Extremely well-researched and well-written; you will learn a new story of World War II as you get to know Pino, a seemingly normal teen who finds himself in the thick of things time and time again. To imagine this story would be impressive. To have actually lived it--that is truly remarkable. Highly recommended for anyone who thinks that ordinary people can't have extraordinary lives.
 This is a riveting story.  I am glad it was fictionalized as a distant biographical narrative wouldn't have been so enjoyable.  The author is skilled and the book is very accessible.  The hero is too flawed to be fiction, but the fictionalzed elements give the story vivid color.
 This was my Kindle First pick for April and I'm so glad I picked this one.It's a beautifully told true story of war,love,loss,hope,faith and so much more.I loved it and cannot recommend it enough.The people in these pages and their story will stay with me for awhile.Wonderfully written and a definite must read.
 Incredible story, incredibly written. Revealing and poignant of life, love and pain - Pino's story puts into perspective so much historically and now. Everyone should read it.
 This true story was very well written, informative and interesting. Being a history buff, I found it very inspiring and intriguing to say the least. I highly recommend this book, it's a great read.
 Amazing Story of an Unknown Hero that we haven't heard about before.  These are the kind of stories we should all learn about in history classes in school.  Mark is a gifted author writing the book so it was hard to put down.  Thank you for sharing this amazing story!
 Enjoyed the book. A good read. First Mark Sullivan novel.  I will order more~
 A good book to read. I can only give three stars because I feel as though I am being pushed to believe he was not one thing when I actually believe that he was.
 Intriguing story of WWII and what went on in Italy. This is a must read for anyone who loves history and the knowledge gained by it.
 
 Well written and researched history never before told.  Much has been documented of the pain of war; this tale brings a personal tale into stark focus. A vivid  reminder of the destruction of everyday life that comes with occupation and war. Life is precious, indeed.
 An intense, interesting, and rather unbelievable story of courage, love, good and bad fortune all befalling a single young man. The presumably accurate picture of the last year of the war and times immediately after in Milan are gripping.
 Well written. Could sense myself in the action and about halfway through I really got to the point where I was anxious to know what happened next. Grateful for the updates on everyone at the end (I always like to know what happens to people after the story ends).
 Beautiful written. Could not put the book down once I started reading. I have read many books about the Second World War, but have never read one about Italy during that time
 Though through history books and films of WWII,we have heard and learned of th atrocities of this war, the story of Pino takes us to this amazing view of a very brave man and a personalized taste of the reality of war.Leaves an indelible mark!
 I couldn't put this one down. I hope that a film is made so that even more people can know this amazing story!
 An incredible story of an ordinary man that did extraordinary good deeds. The writing was excellent and personable. This was a very good read.<br/>Reid
 This book was so interesting and kept my attention...very easy to read and understand.  I learned much about WWII and Italy...the main character was amazing!
 Great story, made all the better because it is based on the true story of one man during the last 2 years of WWII in Italy.  He did some amazing things, like working undercover for the resistance while chauffeuring and translating for a high-ranking German general, and helping Jews escape Italy under the Nazis by guiding them over mountaintops.
 They say truth is stranger than fiction.  This is an amazing, truth based, story of one young man's journey through WWII in Italy. The highs and lows, joys and incredible sorrows. Well written and compelling.  Thank you for sharing Pella's story!
 It's hArd to believe this is true story. The author was able to bring this story to live with amazing details. Great job Me Sullivan.  I read his book I three days. Hard to put down
 This was a nice surprise find! We used to live in Milan so I am enjoying reading since I can visualize all the places he talks about in the book. I am not finished yet but I really intrigued and cant' wait to get to the end!
 It. Is not just simply Good versus Evil, war is complex. This book does a favor to those who served in all wars and to those who suffer the effects. It rings true to my experience  in the military and helps me to understand what others cannot relate to.
 Moving story packed with action, mystery, and love... I couldn’t put it down.
 A true story of love, courage, and faith in Milan, Italy during World War II.  Ive not read much about Italy during the war, but this story was hard to put down.
 I read a ton of novels and this one may be the best one I've read. It's a WW2 story told from a different perspective. Great characters and very well written.
 Amazing. Choice for Kindle first.  This book is based on a true hero of the holocaust. Seen though a different light.  A wonderfully written story about Pino, a young man who helps to get Jewish people to safety and comes A Nazi officer to spy on them. I would definitely recommend this book
 This was an extraordinarily well-written book.  The story was so compelling, the details so vivid, that I just couldn't put it down.  It's one of the best books I've ever read, and I highly recommend it.
 This is the true story of an heroic young Italian during the end of WW2 in Milan, Italy. I don't want to say much, because I don't want to give away too much. If this was just a novel it would be a great story. But the fact that this young man lived, as did the others in the book, makes it truly remarkable. One of the best books I've read. Loved it.
 Wonderful book and truly a page turner.  The main character is based on a real person and his actions during the war
 Kept me intrigued throughout.
 This book is an awesome tale of love and war.  It is a reminder of how awful war can be and how great love is. Every senior in high school should have this story as a mandatory read. I was unaware of this history and am so thankful Mr. Sullivan had the wherewithal to write it in such a touching way.
 This amazing story about Pino Lella could have been lost.  Thank you for bringing it to the light of day.  It makes one wonder how many more  acts of courage and bravery  have been lost to us.
 I gave Beneath a Scarlet Sky five stars because I thought the book was very well written and was a very heartfelt and riviting novel .
 This was an amazing story! The horrors of WWII have been told countless times but this is a story that puts you right in the middle of the Nazi's in Milan - you can feel it as you walk with Pino through those years. What an unsung hero he was! God Bless You Pino!
 Excellent read.  It was well written and interesting.  It kept me wanting to know "what is next"
 My husband and I read this aloud to each other.  He loved the history, and I loved the romance.  We found ourselves thinking about this book a lot in between reads.  For me, that is the sign of a good book.
 I’ve read many WWII accounts both fiction and non-fiction, and while this has similarities to the horrors of the war, it is a completely new story from a different perspective of many. I highly recommend this read!
 This was an amazing story of love, war, survival, grief, the human spirit, valor, heroism, courage and so much more. What people endured and what they did to survive during Hitler's reign is simply impossible to imagine. I could not put the book down.
 This outstanding novel is based on real characters found in Italy during world War II. The mood of the country  and the opposition to the Nazi occupation and Fascist forces is made clear. It is filled with life, love and unfortunately death. A very good read!
 I didn't love it, but I did like it.
 A really great story told by a wonderful writer.
 This incredible true story has it all, from an unlikely hero to the true cost and pain of the war.  Towards the end I found myself not wanting it to end.  Everyone needs to know the story of this heroic man!  May God bless the rest of his days.
 I really enjoyed everything about this book. The history and the personal life of Pino Lello!
 I enjoy a story with some history and with deep characters.  I learned more about how Italy was severely impacted from the war, the bravery and heroic efforts of people helping those in need, and the complexity of keeping yourself as well as loved ones safe in times of hardship.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a novel based on real events, namely the xxxxx of an Italian teenager during WWII. The hero's experiences involved guiding downed pilots and Jews across the border and into Switzerland to evade the Nazis; later experiences involved his serving as a personal driver for a Nazi general! Author Mark Sullivan interviewed the subject, Pino Lella, several times. Pino was reluctant at first, but eventually told all, at least all he could remember. That's where literary licence came in: Sullivan manufactured likely conversations and events to fill in the gaps in Pino's memory. The result is an exceptional book, one that definitely should be considered for a Pulitzer I've read several Pulitzer winners that weren't this good. Beneath a Scarlet Sky is being made into a major motion picture and I can't wait to see it. I expect to be a bit disappointed (hope I'm wrong) because movies seldom measure up to the book. That would seem to be inevitable with Beneath a Scarlet Sky; there's just too much detail and nuance to fit into a two-hour movie, especially when the book is over 500 pages long. I'll admit to being a bit intimidated by the length of the book and delayed starting it for weeks. Wanting to read the book before the movie came out, I took a deep breath and dug in. Once started, I hated that Beneath a Scarlet Sky was so short! I couldn't tell which parts of the book were fact and which parts were made up to fill gaps in Pino's memory, but it really didn't matter. Everything about the book is exceptional, especially Mark Sullivan's writing style. Some writers have a knack for writing that makes reading their material a real pleasure to read, and that's Mark Sullivan in spades. The pages just flew by; I just wish there had been more of them and you'll feel the same. I recommend this book to you without reservation.
 This book is a must read for anyone that likes historical fiction. Just as good or better then The Nightingale and We Were The Lucky Ones.
 I enjoyed the story of life in Italy during WWII and the author's writing style is similar to the book, The Boys in the Boat.
 There is no putting  this book down. It is so  fast paced my hands were burning. I want to meet Pino.<br/>Is there any young men in our world today that could shoulder this kind of responsibility.
 One of, if not my best reads this year.  Beautifully written with vivid description.  I fell in love with the characters and hated when the story ended.
 Good read recounting the war in Italy after their surrender to the Allied in 1943. Seems to be historically correct.
 This book was AMAZING. I could not stop reading. Highly recommend to read it. Pino is one brave man.
 Really enjoyed the book. It's a real page Turner. A fascinating true story. heartbreaking and fascinating -highly recommend this book
 I did not realize until I finished reading it that it is a true story. I think I would have enjoyed it even more had I known.
 A page turner. Historical novel about Italian resistance against Nazis from point of view of a teenager. All characters are real people. If you liked Nightingale (about French resistance) you will like this.
 This book based on the main characters life is a solid and scary revelation of the hell  of  living in war. His fear and his conviction drove him to instantly mature and to endure many trials and losses that would have,killed or crushed a lessor man.
 Amazed at how the author described the emotions and feelings of this war torn country. How people coped with the horrors and moved forward.
 This book is based on a real person who unintentionally found himself in a position to contribute to defeating Germany. It's well-researched and tells a fascinating story. I highly recommend it! An excellent read.
 WWII Italy was not a place to be. The story picks up in 1943 Milan the war was raging. Wonderful characters with colorful detail of both right and wrong make this a worthy read.
 Couldn't put it down. Peno was such a genuine person. I felt like I was right there with him in this horrible time in Italy. The reality that people lived through the horrors is something that I will never forget. Author did awesome of taking readers back to that time in history.
 Fantastic book full of excitement, sadness, anxiety, anger and happiness. You really care about the characters and can't wait to hear what happens next. I have a bit of a book hangover from this one.
 One of the best books ever written. I could not put it down! Phenomenal read.
 This was such a great read.  It held my interest from the beginning to the end.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 Not being a history buff, prior to reading this book I never thought how WWII effected other countries.  The writing draws the reader into it's web, never seeing what's next.  Well written
 This was a wonderful book. I started reading it and could not put it down. I wish it could be made into a movie. I have suggest it to two book clubs I read with and many other friends.
 I enjoyed this story very much it was engrossing. It all takes place in Italy  when it was occupied by Nazis and gives an insight to what Italy had to endure throughout world war 11.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book!  This is only the second time I've rated a Kindle book with five stars.  It was well written.  I could hardly put it down.  It relays a part of history I knew nothing about so I learned a few things.  There's something for everyone here:  history, romance, action, adventure and even a little humor.
 Of course, I disliked the killing.  The yarn itself was fascinating.  Almost too many characters.  The descriptions of the Alps were beautiful.  The portrayals of leading Jews and servicemen across difficult mountain areas were amazing and scary.
 Just a remarkable book The tragedy some people have endured &amp; still are able to persevere A must read book to ad to your collection
 I was really drawn into the story of Pino Lella and his passionate life. The heroic, heart felt actions were admirable. The consequences of what he saw and did were seen in his sadness and inability to commit his heart after the war.
 If you are the slightest bit interested in WWII or like k e human interest stories a out people who have lived through hell and lived triumphant lives, YOU CANNOT MISS THIS BOOK.  Thank you, Mark Sullivan.
 I have been reading avodly for70 years ... This is one of the BEST books I have ever read.. Great untold story..some hhistory included ..superbly written .. Holds you to the last pag. ...all must read ...
 I have read many books about WWII and this was one of the most captivating, unbelievable tales written in a way to make you feel that you lived through it yourself. You won't be disappointing!
 Was unable to put this book down from the turn of the first page. While it has all the adventure of a spy novel, it retains the spirit and soul of a man's reason for being. Many thanks to the author for bringing this story out of the mists of time. Remarkable!
 Excellent story taking me in a part of history that was completely unknown to me. The author conveyed history in a compelling story and developed the characters  in a way that allowed you to know them as the main character knew them. I enjoyed this book.
 Detailed account of the amazing life of Pino Lella in wartime Italy.  This is one of those books that you won't want to put down.
 This was a page turner, and most enjoyable.  I am usually not interested in war stories, but this is a personal story of survival under Nazi control.
 I totally enjoyed Beneath a Scarlet Sky and have recommended it to others
 Truly An amazing story that takes your breath away.  I could not out this book down.  An emotional roller coaster.
 This was a fantastic novel.  The suspense, adventures, and beautiful descriptions, commingled with historical facts made this an intriguing read.
 I found the story to be intriguing and very well written.  I hated to come to the end.
 I could not put this book down. The author told a part of WW2 that I had not read about before.  I had no idea what was happening in Italy during this period. The characters and people of this story were so endearing. God bless you Pino for your courage and bravery and at such a young age. You are truly a miracle!  Thanks to the author as well for this well written, heart wrenching story!
 This amazing story will stay with you long after you turn the last page. Beautifully written and a book you will want to share with all your friends.
 Well written, excellent true story of the life of a young Italian man during WWII. It reads quickly. What an amazing life this man has had during and after the war!
 This is an amazing story. It is hard to imagine it is real at times.  The book provided so much insight into the daily life during World War II.  It made me grateful for all of my luxuries and challenges in comparison.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I was pleasantly surprised as this is not a book I would normally read.  The author did a great job developing the characters and telling the story of a horrible time in history.
 My wife and I just returned from an Italy vacation, principally in the lake distract. My cousin who was with us just read Beneath the Scarlet Sky. Me being a WW ll buff and this amazing story of Lino perked my interest. And just seeing the areas described made it closer to me.  Mark Sullivan told this mostly true story as that of a historical novel not of a true story.  Describing the lives of the main characters after the war until their deaths brought it all to reality.
 This book kept me riveted from page 1.  I knew very little of the impact of WW!! on Italy.  This book helped fill that void.  And since it was based on a real person that made it that much more enjoyable.  Highly recommend.
 It was amazing!  Had to put it down even now and then just to take a deep breath.  What heroes we had and most we never get to know about so happy we do in this book.
 A beautifully written story. Filled with every emotion imaginable. It is a historical novel with gravity, loss, beauty, fear, adventure and confusion. Worth every second you'll spend reading it!
 I did not know the extent of the Nazi invasion of Italy. The writing took me into the depth of the suffering, endurance and bravery of the people.
 Very good read. Was interesting and held  my attention.
 stay hidden so long. Stories like this need to be told so that the horrors of the paste are not repeated.
 Very good historical fiction about the struggles of Italy during WWII. A Page turner and emotional roller coaster
 Wonderful story of tragedy, hope and bravery of the war in Italy. We should constantly be reminded of the atrocities of war so as not to make war glamorous.
 This story gave me true insight to the plight of Italians due<br/>to the oppression of fascism in World War two.  Great character development and a great story
 What a welcome surprise this book was!! So well written and researched, I just could not put it down. I would like to thank Mark Sullivan for giving us such a rich and true story.
 I enjoyed this book very much, and even more after I realized the account pertained to actual persons in history. Very insightful to the war as it related to Italy.
 This was an amazing Historical fiction story about Milan during WWII.  It is excellently written.  I would say, that it can be quite intense at times, so not the best book to read before you go to bed!  In fact, it is very hard to put down.  Great job Mark Sullivan!
 Well written, kept my interest  couldn't put it down,  happy that Pino  at the end found some closure.  God bless him.....
 I was about the same age as Pino Lulla when WWII. broke out, but our lives were certainly different.  He became a legend that few people would know about if this story had not been told.<br/>A stirring, emotional trip through the war in Europe.
 Enjoyed the style of the book and the very well told story.  For me it was an old fashion pager turner!
 Very interesting and well written, enjoyed the first 90% of the book best but not the ending but I guess it's based on a true story so that's how things turned out for the main character!
 A fantastic war novel about Italy's experience with WWII. Never had info on Italy and the crazy fascists  movement. Amazing true story.  I can't even Imagine the horror people went thru at that time based on the book's graphic description of this war.
 I had no idea of what was going on in Italy during WWII.  The account of this people and their fight was completely new to me and I found the way the author researched and told the tale to be fascinating.  Thoroughly enjoyed the book.  It was a real page  turner.
 This not normally the type of book I read, but I'm thankful it was recommended and glad that I took the time to read it. Very thought provoking book. Thank you for researching and writing about this man's life and following through with the updates after your story ended.
 This was a fascinating and awful and so well written. The characters, actually real people, and the true history is fascinating, sad, inspiring. It’s hard to believe such incredible people have lived.
 I have read several WW II stories but never much about Italy. Super interesting, fact based suspense thriller. A page turner.
 This is not a topic I would normally choose. I did so based on all the 5 Star reviews.  I was not let down.  Every review is spot on.  This is truly an amazing read from page 1 to the end.  One reviewer wrote, "don't start late in the day".  I agree.  It's a tough one to put down.
 jabber jabber jabber. A long and unsatisfyingly repetitive read (or listen in my case). This really is a fascinating story but really should have been a documentary style book not a rather poor work of fiction.
 Like the author ,  I was blessed to read and learn about. Pino's story. I recommend this book highly.  .
 This story was wonderful and kept me engulfed from beginning to end. I have recommended it to many family and friends and they have all loved it as well.
 A riveting read! Toward the end I could not bear to put it down. It tells of love, loss, and bravery beyond words. It's hard to believe this happened in real life.
 Well written story based on real events.
 Great story.
 I wish I could have given this book ten stars! So well written about World War 2 and how it affected Italy. The writer makes you feel that you're right there, keeping you on the edge of your seat. It's tragedy, despair, love, romance and how this man helped so many during the war. I highly recommend this factual book!
 Captivating story - loved it and made me wonder how many people of the younger generation could do what these people did.  Great War-time story, love story as well!
 I enjoyed this story about this man's experiences during his early life in Italy during WWII. I have not heard as much about the wars affect on Italy during that period. Mark Sullivan is a brilliant story teller.
 Great story engaging real life trials of war.  Injustice love and mans inhumanity to man. This was a story I could not put down.
 Wow. . The bravery and selflessness some people have is truly inspiring. Repellent book, based on a true story. I thoroughly enjoyed it!
 Slow at times. Story f a remarkable man who lived a Long life but in a sense, get the feeling, an unfulfilled one....always searching.
 Well written, true to historical facts. Covers part of WWII not covered by most historical fiction  writers.  The characters and the locations keep you enthralled from beginning to end .  Hard to put down.
 It is amazing the story of how one person was able to help save so many lives in one of the darkest periods of history hasn't been told before.
 Great story based on a war story that seems like too much to believe<br/>Thought it was a little bit much until I realized all based on true events<br/>Worth reading
 This is an amazing and incredible true story about an unsung hero in Italy during World War II  written in a way that you can't put it down - just one more chapter!  Every chapter gets increasingly better including the final chapter where you learn what happened to all the players mentioned in the book.
 This gives incite into what people experienced during WWII in Italy.  It is suspenseful, upsetting and makes a person appreciate what others have gone through for freedom.
 It was much better than I expected.  If you enjoy WW2 stories and heroes this one is for you.  I would love to see this made into a movie.
 Great book. Rivals “Unbroken”. Epic in length. Wartime setting. Extremely well written.
 This was a fascinating true story about what went on behind the scenes during war. A brave young man that conducted himself far beyond his years.
 I have to give this a great rating based on the content of the actual story.  The writing it adequate and easy to read. I thank the author for his discovery and his perseverance and persusiveness to draw this story out of Pink.
 Good story, had a hard time this really happened, but you can google it yourself
 Very well written and it places the reader right in the midst of the action, the times, and the mind of the main character (Pino Lella).
 I am very proud to have had wonderful young people stand up to the enemy.  This account of one part of a terrible war, so many factually correct accounts of bravery and fear were amazing.
 I really enjoyed how Mark Sullivan captures you right at the start and walks you through the life of those who suffered  the horrors of war.
 I really enjoyed Beneath A Scarlet Sky.
 There are few books that I couldn't put down, but this one  of them. It is easily the best book I've read this year.
 I found this perspective very exciting.  Behind the scenes, spy thriller.  Page turner and tear jerker at times.  Definitely worth the read!
 Excelente novela. Me hizo transportarme y vivir cada momento. El amor, los horrores, la vida de esas personas.  Pino Lella fascinante.
 Interesting. Info about W. W. Two in Italy.  Catholics helped Jews and others survive.  A good story with real heros.
 The first hulf of the book was too slaw. But in total it is an intersting  and very educating book.
 Well conceived with believable characters.  No sugar coating the tough choices ordinary people face in those terrible circumstances.
 Well written novel. The descriptions made me feel I was watching the action unfold. So much history. So much tragedy for the characters.
 and around Milan, Italy that penetrated the very heart of this reader very deeply and feel most fortunate to be apart of this incredible venture of Pino Lella..........his story that will never leave me!
 This book told a story not heard before about Italians during world war two.  The book also described the beautiful northern part of Italy in exsquisite terms. A good book.
 An amazing story masterfully written.  My highest recommendation.  Thank you Mr. Sullivan for sharing this incredible piece of history so beautifully.
 The story told here should move all to appreciate every day we are given.  War is a horrible thing and highlights man's inhumanity to man.  Pino Lello saw things that no one should ever see, let us never forget!  Beautifully​ written and hard to put down!
 I really enjoyed this book. WWII is a favorite genre and this historically based novel lived up to my expectations.  Great story, Well written.
 A little slow at first, but becomes a page turner, would be a great movie
 Very interesting history that I never really read about or explored before. Depressing at times but a very good read and a lesson in this time of history of war etc.
 This is a wonderful book that tells a story that, at times, seems hard to imagine.  There are a lot of twists and turns that keep you turning the pages.  Definitely a hard book to put down.
 What an amazing story and so well written.  Could not put it down.<br/>Thank you Mark Sullivan for bringing Pino Lella's phenomenal contribution to light.
 Good characters builds the storyline very masterfully a good life story as well. I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a good story!
 Though it was long, it was fantastic and shocking and exciting. I read when I should have been sleeping. Great!
 Can't put it down....almost done...well researched, sad but true story for most part....
 I would not b e purchased this book but was offered it free as a Prime member. Now I want to read more by this as author. This book was hard to put down and I want to research more about what went on in Italy during the war.
 It was very well written and held my interest until the end.  I love this genera and this book did not disappoint.
 Very moving account of Italy in WWII. The author did great research and threaded the story in a compelling way.
 This was an interesting story of a young man in Italy who joins the Nazi Army after the Nazi invasion.  It was a different twist to the typical WWII Nazi story.  Very worth reading.
 Gripping true story of a dashing young Italian boy caught up in the war - his heroic entrance into adulthood as a rescuer of Jews and a spy for the Allies. Well worth reading.
 A fascinating a gripping story about one young man’s courage in face of insurmountable odds. Anew perspective on the horrors of WWII
 This is billed as a novel, but it's based on a true story.  It's about a kid living in Italy during WW2.  Very well written.
 You can't help but love Pino!  I cheered for him &amp; cried with him. Highly recommend this book!  Don't hesitate!
 I rated this 5 stars because it always kept me intrigued about would happen next. One  problem is that the dialogue is complicated in places and is hard to properly follow without going back and rereading sections. This novel should appeal to most adults who enjoy either action filled stories or love stories.
 I couldn’t put it down.  Engrossing, consuming, and page turning good read!  I highly recommend if you love war stories of WW 2
 Masterful tale of a young man’s courageous struggle to fight for the greater good during the Nazi occupation of Milan during World War II.<br/><br/>SUMMARY<br/>Although a work of fiction this novel is based on a true story with a real hero. At the heart of the story is a normal seventeen-year-old Italian boy named Pino Lella.  He is obsessed with music, finding a girl, and falling in love.  But then in 1943, the bombs start dropping on Milan and his family home is destroyed.  His parents send him to a camp in the mountains to escape the bombardment and the occupation. While in the mountains he guides Jewish refugees across rugged terrain to the Swiss border. When he returns to Milan his parents surprisingly insist that he voluntarily join the German army in order to avoid the draft and having to fight on the front lines. Pino’s role in the army as a driver for a high ranking German general, allows him to witness significant events during the war. Pino uses these opportunities to spy for the partisans until the war ends in 1945.<br/><br/>REVIEW<br/>This is an unforgettable, authentic story of courage, love and forgiveness. Mark Sullivan’s amazing writing transports us to Milan in 1943 where he has captured the fear and anguish of the turbulent times.  This epic novel is steeped in personal accounts of events, and as a result the details, dialogs and emotions  are mesmerizing. Sullivan’s opportunity to interview the seventy-year old Pino Lella allowed Pino’s character in the book to come to life. Beneath A Scarlet Sky is full of ups and downs, trials and triumphs and love and heartbreak. I highly recommend it to anyone who appreciates historical fiction. This is one of my very favorite books of 2017.
 Almost done with this book, and it gives another view of Germany's push into eastern Europe through the eyes of a partisan.  What is so interesting is that this is true story as far as the historical fiction tale can go.  Well done.
 Engaging true story.  Very uplifting.
 From beginning to end kept me totally engaged. Even though some parts predictable, still great story. Recommend to any one.
 This story was amazing! Such a wonderful nugget to find. I also liked the author's personal connection. One of the best endings to a book. Thank you for not giving us a "And they lived happily ever after" ending but giving us a real informative ending. I appreciate the full closure.
 It was an interesting story and it was based partially on true events. I think some things might have been elaborated on, but all in all, an interesting story.
 The strength and strength of character, heroism, compassion , loyalty and endurance of Pino Lella is an inspiration and a challenge to all.  I wish I could have known him!
 My book Group read Beneath A Scarlet Sky<br/>It was one of the few times we all loved the book and had quite a lengthy discussion about it<br/>We all agreed that it was an amazing story!!
 Fantastic book, great read, unable to put down!! I love books that are based on true lives and this book one did just that!
 A very well written book that keeps you  interested  and engaged from beginning to end.  I would recommend this book to anyone who is interested in history and a bit of a love story.
 Great long story full of surprises,It seems very credible too much reality to be fiction. Having Audible made it all the more real.
 A fabulous story of a fabulous man....kept me riveted and I could not put it down....I would recommend it to all who want to know that there are pure good hearted people who live to help others.
 A real page turner! Worth every minute. I'll look for<br/>More of Mark Sullivan's books. This story needed to  be told
 And better for being a true one. Pino Lella's actions and experiences are truly remarkable, and give a perspective of the Second World War that I have not read about or come across before. If even half of it is true it's still a treat yarn. If it's all true then you have to praise Lella, and all those like him, who did what they could to help defeat the Nazi evil of their time.
 Historically detailed and yet filled with emotion. Would recommend to a y reader who appreciates history about WWII.  Interesting to learn more details about the Italian people, their courage and victories against a great Nazi evil
 I really learned a lot about the war from an Italian perspective.  The fact that this young man was so in the thick of things was extraordinary.
 Can't believe this story hasn't been heard before! The beginning was a little slow but soon became exciting and difficult to put down. It's hard to believe everything this man saw. If you have any interest in WWII or Italy you will love it.
 The writer provided a wonderful example of our frailties and the ability to rise above circumstance, make the right choices, and allow a power beyond our understanding to light our path on the journey of life. The story was uplifting, yet heart-wrenching and showed the many sides of character the come to the fore when confronted with life's terms. A very good read and strongly recommended.
 I think it's the best book I've ever read. Broad range of emotions. at once a great thriller and a powerful description of characters and the historic stories. Very sad and poignant without being sappy or morose. Effective wordcraft.
 Superb account of the courageous events by those who risked everything to fight the oppression of the Nazi and Fascist regimes
 Thought I was burned out on WWII books after reading hundreds, but then I picked up this book. An amazing true story, beautifully written. Thank you Pino!
 I don't usually read books about any of the wars, let alone one based on a true story. But something about this one caught my eye, probably the setting in Italy, one of my favorite places. I could hardly put it down or get it of my mind when I did. I have recommended it to anyone who will listen to me, it is that good. The life of Pino Lelli is a fascinating one.
 This is a good read for the first three quarters of the book.  The last quarter is a spectacular read.  Highly recommend this book.
 Good WW2 story. Pino's story should be more widely known. Thank you Mark for doing all the research and bringing the story to the masses.
 Not enough has been written about WWII in Italy.  Certainly not from the point of view of an Italian.
 A little too long. Too much horror. Yet the ended accounted for the whole content!  Now, I get it! Read it my friends!
 The characters come alive, the Settings feel real, the killings are brutal, the narrative marches on in quickstep, and you turn the pages wanting to know what comes next.
 Amazing story.  Did not realize until the end that it was non-fiction!
 An amazing tale that showcases the depth of the human spirit amidst terrible adversity.  Even more so because it is true and part of our own history.  Anyone with an interest in WWII or in finding the strength to overcome incredible odds will find this story fascinating
 Thought it should have been in young adult category.
 Amazing characters; exciting story. Continually astounded as I read about Pino and Mimo's bravery in saving Jews during WW ll. I was so glad there was an epilogue explaining what happened to some of the major characters after the war. Am recommending the book to others wholeheartedly!
 Another tale of ordinary people facing extraordinarily terrible circumstances and surviving. Surviving the experience and the memories. Another amazing life journey.
 Great story. Liked that it was based on a true story. Wasn’t aware of the war issues in Italy during WWII before reading this
 Gripping, funny, horrific and heartbreakingly sad. This book had me running the gauntlet of emotions. This story and many like it, I'm sure, need to be told. Thank you, Pino Lella for your bravery, sacrifice and service. Thank you, Mark Sullivan for putting Pino's story down on paper.
 Exellent account of Italy during WWII,  I knew very little about what happened there since most of what I have read focuses more on what happened after D Day and the progression of the war through France The title doesn't help one know what the book is about, the war in Italy.
 Well written and it seems the major points are all historical and well sourced. I enjoyed it and will look for other works by this author.
 I found the story very interesting, if a bit long, as we don't often hear how the Italians fared during the war.
 I could not put this book down. It was a wonderful read. I learned so much about the war in Italy. Going to order the book for my husband since he does not do the Kindle. Recommending this book to my friends.
 I really enjoyed this book, more so because it was based on a true story and a real person. The horrors of war and the reaction to them by a teen who'd never experienced anything akin to that, were well depicted. Definitely worth a read!
 As a baby boomer and Jewish, I try to read good historical fiction that gives me more insight into WWII.  I thought this was very well written - great characters and a compelling story.  Had not read much about the Italian Resistance, so this was a new perspective.
 The book is a page turner. I loved the writing, the fast moving story, character development, historical facts and suspense, and opera references. All teenagers could learn a lot by reading about World War 11 by a snippet of one part of the war usually not known and could understand a lasting memory of what really happened.
 Love the history,  the real heartbreak and yet the joy in the midst....<br/>Italy really went through hell,  inside and out with the Nazis and the communists.
 Could not put it down.  Action packed, a beautiful love story.  The descriptions of scenery, violence, abuse bring the reader right to the scene.  That was a sad sad for everyone.  Well written book.
 This tale of a young man's coming of age in German-occupied Italy during WWII is exciting and laden with interesting facts, geography, and characters.  It has young love, espionage, narrow escapes, and not a few surprises. It is well worth a credit.
 Delivered promptly. Great book!
 From the first page I didn't want to put the book down.  Mark did a wonderful job of writing about the war in Italy and Pino's story. I learned a lot of history with a personal story.  I highly recommend this book to anyone that enjoys historical novels based on real people.
 Very well written story set in WWII Italy following the life of a young Italian through the war, life and love.
 excellent story!
 Great War story about average people doing extraordinary things.  The fog of war and the silence of those involved leave some unanswered questions.
 The story was POWERFUL and mesmerizing, however the writing a bit mediocre, which kept it from being a 5 Star. The hero is still alive today - the Foreword and Afterword are very important to read!
 Incredible story about WWII in Italy and the nearly unbelievable story of Pink Lella. If this wasn't a true story I would have dismissed this book as being too incredible to be true. No one could have lived through all that Pino did. Remarkable life! Highly recommended!
 The story is enormously compelling, even if the writing does not always live up to the t a l e.
 Easy read and held my attention to the end. But I would not recommend it as a " must read" . Lacks the credibility required for true story.<br/>The lead character is too good to be a real person. The love story in the novel is a bit "Mills and Boon".  In summary a good yarn but not good literature.
 This is a great story. Heartwrenching  and uplifting both. You race through it and don’t want it to end .
 I read for relaxation and reviewing a book is work, but I did want to let anyone uncertain about this book know it is totally worth reading.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky, a wonderful story of the human spirit.<br/>How the journey of one young man spans the scope of humanities good and evil.<br/>Fantastic read. An amazing true tale. Speaks to the power of faith, hope,love and the struggle between good and pure evil.<br/>Loved this book
 Pino!  I love you!  What an amazing book and brave soul!  The hardships of that time were many and such strength that was shown by brave individuals.  Thank you to the author for this great book!!!
 Amazing and riveting account of one man's participation on the Italian front during in World War II.  The author's exhaustive research is well displayed in this biographical historical novel.
 The writing style is simple, like the style in books for teens. I don't know what James Patterson had in mind when he called it "beautifully written."
 I fell in love with Pino from almost page one. This story needs to be read by everyone.  So sad to think of his bravery and loss being lost is tragic. This reads like fiction and is hard to put down. I found myself reading into the wee hours.
 A piece of WW2 that was not known.  It is a very well written story of an incredibly brave, young Italian whom I believe is still alive.  History we must not  ever forget so it doesn't happen again.  Especially today!
 Riveting story of human bravery in war-torn Italy. Once I started reading, I couldn’t stop!  This story tells a side of the conflict seldom told.
 Knowing little about Italy's part in saving her Jews, this was a good introduction.  I could not put this done.  Told in a journalistic style, it is a well told tale.  Thank you for the picture at the end.
 This was an amazing book !!! A story based on love , war and historical facts. This is a must read novel....
 I think if you liked Unbroken, you’ll enjoy Beneath A Scarlet Sky. True story of a young Italian man in Milan during WWII. Book gave great color on what life was like there as Italy was torn between Nazis, Italian Facists and the Resistance.
 Oh, how I enjoyed this true story of the Nazi occupation of Italy!  It is very well written and even though you know how it ends, it is still suspenseful.  You really feel a kinship with Nino and hope he survives.  For World War II history buffs, this is an untold story.
 An interesting perspective on what WWII was for the people of Italy in the last years of the war.  Based on true events.  Almost a documentary, but reads like a novel.
 It is a long read, but a great read. True history of what it was like to be in Milan under German occupation,<br/>Breath taking journey.
 This book kept me wanting to do nothing  but sit down and read.  A true story it reads like fiction.  I highly recommend this book.
 What a story !! Gripping and well written. A real page turner
 A wonderful story that was a joy to read.  Following the life of Pino Lello from a young man until his 90's  Gave you a sense of fulfillment on what happen after the war.
 Easy read yet complex. Story creation and tempo was well done  I wish it didn't end. Pino was as large as life. A story that thousands shared on both sides. I am glad this one was told. There are others yet unspoken..
 Just an amazing personal story that develops in this book. A horrific time if the world and yet the author captures and provides a glimpse of what life was like for a Italian young man.<br/>Love, loss and timeless thoughts... well done Mark!
 An amazingly personal look into the confusion of WWII in Italy. Great history. Great story. People, places, prayers, players, personalities, partisans, and patriots.
 This book was very intense. It triggers emotions of anger and sadness. It was hard to believe that it was based on a true story for the misery that was depicted in these pages. A truly awesome read.
 The book was interesting, but lacked the connection to the characters that makes the story relatable and unputdownable for me.
 I chose this rating because of the way the story was told.  I loved the true facts that I learned from the way the story was told. This book was hard to put down.
 I am not a war  buff and don't usually read war fiction or nonfiction, but this novel was so well written I wish it could be required reading for every high school student. I will never forget reading it.
 A wonderful moving story of survival and heroism, and of people who find and lose love during the most horrible period in human history.
 A remarkable life and journey of an 18 year old living through one of Western Civilizations most conflicted epochs.  How many of us would have the fortitude to live the way the protagonist did.  The prologue was equally compelling; a personal story of someone close to throwing the proverbial towel in, God throwing the towel back and saying “wipe your face, your almost there.”
 A moving tribute. Pino Lella and Mimo Lella, blessed to have learned about both of you. Thank you. What a Great read!
 good read
 Totally enthralled with this book. The characters were so real-felt like I was right there with Pino sharing so many of his emotional adventures with family, friends &amp; enemies -a true hero who loved his country - his beloved Anna , his music....a very special story
 It took awhile for me to get into this book, but if you can stick with it through the first half, it is well worth finishing.  I ended up really liking it.
 This is a great read, it's very addicting.  I wouldn't recommend reading before bed, because you'll be up all night.
 This was a spellbinding story of the dark days of war in Milan and the people who survived the unimaginable.
 I could not put this book down.  I read it in 2 days.  Love, love, love it.  The story is so moving.  It is amazing what someone with a will to help others and has an unshakable faith in God can do.  Amazing book!!
 Well written story of love and loss and the tragedy of partisanship and vengeance.
 Brought WWII into focus.
 What a well written book.  Gave you a look into the war.  What a brave young man - both Pino and his brother.
 Great book! Would highly recommend
 Great read. Fascinating and page turning.
 One of the best books I have read. The story line was riveting. Stumbled across this book. Highly recommend especially if you like history of WWII.
 Loved it! I hope they make it into a movie.
 This is an almost unbelievable true story of World War II and how the people in Italy survived.  The best part is the hero of the story was interviewed when he was in his 90's and remembered events like they were yesterday.
 Love this amazing story of strength, commitment and love.  I never wanted it to end. I will miss reading it.
 Extrodinary story, exquisitely told!
 I do not usually read books like  this. I  could not put it down. So much tragedy  and  sorrow. I felt as if i were standing in the midst  of it. My heart goes out to  so many innocent lives lost. The author  did a tremendous  job.
 The author takes you on a fast paced ride with this gripping tale of Pino's life. He clearly knew the facts so intimately that he could write this story in such a way to have your heart pounding or your eyes crying. I loved this book!
 A vivid saga of World War II. I could hardly put it down.  True story that held me. Very well written!
 An incredibly gifted writer telling an absolutely incredible story of sheer determination and bravery. It is a book that has certainly made a lasting impression.
 For anyone who seeks to know and understand more about the indomitable spirit of the resistance during WWII, this book is a must read. Pino Lella's story is fascinating, both heartwarming heartbreaking. And it is absolutely inspiring to learn that someone so young at the time could be so brave.
 I could not put this amazing historical fiction book down. Powerful, and amazing, this book tells the story of Pino Lella, a you g Italian in WW2. I laughed and cried but mostly was mesmerized by the excellent book.
 This true story of a remarkable man during WWII in Italy helped me further understand Italy's involvement.  I will continue to read books like this to see how people like Hitler and Mussolini rose to power and were able to commit such atrosities for such a long time.
 A  heartwarming story about another real life person who risked their life to help save Jews during World war III,
 Found it well written....
 really enjoyed the book, good story that keeps you involved.
 A fast read about a side of WWII that is usually forgotten. The really adventurous and the love of life Pino had is infectious and Mr. Sullivan brings him to life on the page. Laughter, tears, anger, joy, and contentment; all are present in this amazing book about the trials of growing up and learning life amidst the backdrop of war in Italy. What a story.
 Firstly, this book will keep your attention. Pino almost seems invincible in the first half of the book as he rescues Jews from the Nazis, digs out from an avalanche and skis a pregnant woman to freedom. The second half is more somber tone. Some are critical of the writer’s style but this novel is never boring and is worth a read.
 An interesting account of a young man in occupied Italy.  Exciting and interesting historical fiction that describes life under German occupation.  In this setting a young man meets the love of his life and that romantic tale is interwoven with stories of battles with the allies and smuggling of Jewish families ot safety.  Something for everyone!
 Thoroughly enjoyed the book. Read it in one sitting. Could not put it down. The historical events were most interesting.  The follow-up on the actual people were interesting. Recommend to all to read.
 The storytelling and charecter development are amazing. I loved this book and love even more knowing there are people like Pino out there (you wouldn't know it from the 6 o'clock news).
 His story needed to be shared.  Just a boy from Milan, but he seemed to spend his whole life in the right place at the right time.  The good and the bad are honestly told.
 One of the most informative pieces written. It was hard to remember it was a novel.  The history was fascinating. And all the characters had such depth. Overall, an excellent book.
 Mark Sullivan pulls us into Pino Lella's life.  This is a story of heroism, bravery, war and love. Simply one of the best works of historical fiction ever written.
 Learned a lot of history about Italian's involvement in WWII. I couldn't put the book down.
 A part of WWII that is often neglected. Accurate history as a background for this novel.
 Wonderful WW2 book, I haven’t read much about the Italians, very good and gripping story
 This was a page turner and a great read. What I didn’t like is that it was over and I wanted a sequel! Nothing wrong with it at all and I am recommending it to friends
 Very good story with lots of detail. While detail was good it was also highly technical so was often boring and confusing<br/><br/>I liked that the characters really exist and were real people
 Almost unbelievable story of Italy during WW2. A fictionalization of the life of a young man in Milan, who was a driver for a German general, and a spy for the resistance.
 I confess, it's been a long time since I read a novel for pleasure...it's actually been years. Beneath the Scarlet Sky provided an excellent reintroduction to the written word for me! Life may throw us those curve balls, audio books become easy alternatives, but reading each page of Pino Lello's life was a time-worthy experience.<br/><br/>My parents grew up during WWII. Amid tales of blackened, covered windows, nightly curfews and neighborhood patrols, I'm somewhat aware of how the war affected my family. However, I knew next to nothing about the Italian war front. Unlike my history classes that skimmed over these facts, this book deserves more than a quick skim-through.<br/><br/>Taking my time, I savored the details of Pino's life. Mr. Sullivan painted a detailed canvas of Italy, I felt the bitter winter's wind and the summer heat made bearable through the rush of wind while Pino was driving. I often felt as if I was standing in a doorway, observing the activity in a room. Perhaps I was simply the proverbial "fly on a wall." Whatever the case, the rich dialog, vivid images and Pino Lello's heart-wrenching experiences pulled me into an era I'd never experienced. As readers, we are treated to suspense, romance, childhood dreams and faith, based on the life of a man who chose to be silent for decades following the war.<br/><br/>A talented writer makes you feel the emotions of his characters. I wanted to read, and reread each page. I wanted to understand what happened in Milan and the rest of Italy while the world focussed on battles on distant fronts. I wanted to help the people hurt by the war.<br/><br/>I especially appreciated Mr. Sullivan's historical update in his Aftermath chapter. I needed to understand how Pino continued beyond the world of war. I wasn't disappointed.<br/><br/>Take a journey into history to experience the life of a humble hero.
 Loved all the characters.  One got to know them well.  A page turner that I couldn’t put down once started.
 One of the best historical fiction books I’ve ever read.  Maybe the best!
 Author Mark Sullivan writes that he is grateful for every miracle moment. His thrilling portrayal of an amazing fighter for freedom was gripping with all levels of emotion. This story of a young Italian boy, facing the perils of WWII, performing heroic deeds amidst love,hate, happiness, and fright is a must read.
 Love it, loved it, loved it! I could not put it down! I learned so much about the war in Italy, I also loved all the characters/people in the story, there was so much depth to the characters it seemed as if I knew them, or was sitting in a room with them. Everyone should know this story, it's so touching, and amazing all at once!
 Joy, love, heartache, and unfathomable tragedy...Pino Lella may be the actual “most interesting man in the world.”  A novel because the author needed to take liberties to fill in the story, this is the best book I have read in years.
 This is a well-researched true story. Most of the dialogue is fictional, but otherwise the author used primary source information. It moves along at a fast pace and, in parts, it is riveting. If you have been to Milan or the Italian Alps, you will recognize the setting. Really good story!
 Good story of untold war hero. It's amazing what people lived through during the war. The main character had an  interesting<br/>Life
 I really liked this book. It was true in so many ways. How bad the Nazis were, the strength of people and love lost. When you read this book, you wish things could have been different. But no, life was hard for the people of the world during and after world war 2 .
 This is the best book I have ever read; in any genre. It is so beautifully written and just such an amazing story. I just loved it.
 Personalized horrors and heros of war. Things I would not wish on anyone yet they are still happening today. After years of hearing that the Catholic church did nothing to help the Jews, it was soul satisfying to find out many did in the background.
 I really loved this book. It was well written, story kept me interested . Couldn't wait to see what happened next and the ending was great.
 Love this book! Very well written, easy to read, hard to put down. I recommend this to anyone who can respect and appreciate the tragic stories that come from war.
 This is the best book I have ever read. It's thrilling, there's a love story, mystery, bravery, and history. I hugged the book for a solid 10 minutes after I finished. I didn't want it to end. Buy the book. You need this story in your life!
 This book is a real page turner providing a compelling insight into the last months of WW II in northern Italy. It is told from the perspective of the people who lived and suffered during these terrible times. Pino Lella is an amazing character and the fact that the book is based on his own experience it a very worthwhile read.
 Very compelling story. This book kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time!<br/>I recommend this book to those who like historical fiction .
 I am not one to write reviews, but I felt compelled to do so for this book.  I have read quite a few WWII books and this book moved me in ways I will never understand.  The writing is fantastic and the events described unfolded vividly in my mind.
 Loved reading about a real hero of WWII.  Haven't read many novels about the ear in Italy.  This was truly descriptive of war.<br/>It was hard to put down once you got into the story.
 Beautiful true story of the Italian resistance during World War 2. The characters came alive on the page.<br/>The hero, Pino, was incredibly brave. His love and respect for family and the church was well presented.
 Well written and very interesting historical novel regarding a young teenager who became an allied spy during World War II.
 Beneath a Scarlet Sky is a historical novel based on the true story of a young, Italian man during World War II.  A remarkable story of resilience, courage and sacrifice.  All the more so because Pino is a real person.  I even researched the people in this novel myself to see if this story was exaggerated.  Our book club read this book and everyone agreed they loved the book.  Thank God for people like Pino.  It will restore your faith in humanity.
 This book is adventurous, historical, moving, tragic, heroic. It’s my favorite book this year. I could not stop reading it.
 This book I couldn’t put down. What a great writer and an even just inspiring story. I cried, I laughed, I felt good....I have never had a book give me so many emotions.
 This book will definitely be among my top ten best ever works of historical fiction. An amazing story, one everyone should read. Well written from start to finish.
 A true page turner. Interesting facts about  little known activities in Italy during WWII. Anothervreminder to live abd enjoy each moment of each day.
 This is an amazing story of life, love and loss. I highly recommend it to anyone. It gives an historical fiction account of World War II through the eyes of one man. It draws you in, is well written and not too complicated. Well worth reading.
 Whether true or not, I believe every word. Why would anyone not!?!  Born in 1941, I can relate to this war.
 A good way to help understand a difficult period in our world history and the strengths we have under unimaginable situations.
 My understanding / knowledge of the war is limited, and the story intrigued me with details. The story brought me into it, a grand job of writing. Awesome job, thanks Mark. As it neared the end, there was so much happening, no predicting possible. Kept me on the edge of my seat.
 Wow! What a remarkable story. I’ve been reading a lot of books on WWII lately, and this has to be the best so far. This story is primarily about, Pino Lella, who helped guide Jews over the mountains to Switzerland and then assigned as the driver of a German General. The story is a bit of a roller coaster between family challenges and the brutality of war.
 Wow!  This was based on the real life of a person in World War II Italy, and I can't imagine anyone not finding this story enthralling.  Mark Sullivan, you did an amazing job with this!
 I felt like I was in WWII Italy. I climbed mountains, spied on Nazi's, fell in love. This was a great story of those often forgotten about. Great read!
 This historic novel is a must read because it encapsulates humanity.  It is the story of a daring child who becomes a man, a pawn, and has seen too much for one person to bear, yet bear it he does.
 This is a good book from anyone who is interested in World war 2 .  The fact that it is mostly true makes it more appealing.
 The descriptive scenes of Italy &amp; it's people draw the reader into the time &amp; place like a good book should. Couldn't put it down easily, too much like watching a great movie in installments. Suspense, adventure, love, tragedy, humor, this book has it all. Would recommend for mature readers due to possibly disturbing war violence, adult themes.
 What this man saw and how he endured is quite a story. A well written book that is engaging from the first to the last word. No spoiler alerts here. Just read the book!
 This is a true story about Italy during the Second World War.  It was well written and the daring exploits of a young man trying to do his part for Italy during the German occupation are amazing.  He was young, he was in love, and he was brave beyond words.  I enjoyed learning about Italy during the war because I knew very little about their struggles with the Nazis.
 This novel kept me awake and reading into late hours. It tells a truly epic story which deserved to be told. I felt that it was a bit overwritten. I found myself skipping some overly discriptive paragraphs to find out what happened next. I would still recommend it as an interesting read.
 Historical fiction with compelling character development and the challenges those affected faced and overcame.  Strongly Recommend
 This is such an incredible story, it's amazing that it's never been told before. I hope Pino Lella found the peace he so deserved.
 I was deeply touched and moved by this story of the courageous men and women of Italy during WWII. It is stunning in its depth and frankness. The protagonist is truly a hero, not made by Marvel.
 What a great book.  Could not put it down.  Especially knowing based on a true story set in Milan Italy in world war .
 A very interesting read based upon a true story.  It is action packed and gives a good picture of what Italy was like during the Nazi occupation.  Pino's activities were just amazing!  It was good to read the epilogue to find out what happened to the main players.
 A wonderful WW2 story covering what happened in Italy.  It is very vividly and realistically written.  The love story involved is beautiful.
 Putting aside the great writing style that leads you effortlessly through this book, why is this tale unknown.?  I don't want to say too much for fear of ruining the plot for others so just go read the darn thing. It takes you on one fantastic journey.
 I've read this story twice now and even more taken with the events, especially Pino. My father was in the war at the same time and the same age. The war haunted him as well, but he did find happiness and his faith in God spared him.
 A mesmerizing, beautifully written view of a piece of WWII that churned a full range of emotions from abject horror to love. Highly recommend
 This is an amazing story I hope I am not going to forget for a long long time. I have enjoyed many stories set during WW2 but this is the first from Italy.
 This book was one of the best I have read in a long time, I did not want it to end.  To read of the suffering and devastation these people caught up in war went through, brought tears to my eyes many times.  I recommend this book very highly.
 But I was gradually convinced of the extraordinary tales herein because nothing happens unless someone takes a risk. Not even a murderer is as bad a person as his worst act.
 An unbelievable true story of those poor Italians who were forced to live under the thumb of Il Duce and that monster Hitler.
 This is a holocaust story I knew nothing about. The poetic writing and intense description of the scenery and landscape, made me want to be ther and year the story made me so sad.
 It was a wonderful read and I enjoyed it tremendously.
 I found the story very interesting but not particularly well written.  It is supposedly based  on a real person's experiences during the last couple of years of WWII.  But there were so many events he supposedly witnessed that it became unbelievable.  However I did enjoy reading about WWII from the perspective of Italians.  Overall, I did enjoy the book.
 The scope of this book is almost too much to take in. Pino Lella Is a Forest Gump like character except his story is brutal and true.  The human plot lines woven throughout or remarkable and painful. The background of World War II in Milan reminds us just how devastating that war was, and how we are all lucky to be alive.
 This is a fantastic read. Educational, without knowing it. Dramatic yet true. Takes you on a ride of highs and lows that makes your head spin. Truly one of the best I've ever read. Thank you Mr Sullivan.
 I live this book.  You can't put it down.  Filled with all the uncertainty of what the wat will bring and the love of a young couple.  Untold story we need to hear and never forget!
 My son absolutely loved this book! He was looking forward every day to read it. He said the book is amazing!
 I generally love historical novels about WW11 however I found this book a bit disappointing amid all the hype. I'm glad I only paid $1.99 and didn't pay full price for this one.
 Enticing story.  The author's details transported the reader to feel the love between Pino and Anna.  The sounds, heat, dampness, cold beauty of the Alps, as well as the heart pumping fear of climbing through the mountains, as he brought Jews to safety.  Beautiful story which elicited a lot of emotions.  Couldn't put it down.
 This story has great characters and a vivid storyline.  It was fun to read as I felt as if I was in the story.
 There are all kinds of unknown heroes of WWII. We rarely get to hear about them. This is a wonderful story of strength, inner courage and pain of life. A must read to understand true life lessons.
 This story of Pino Lella and his wartime experience really draws the reader into the characters and is paced to keep you turning the pages. An intriguing and enjoyable read.
 I have recently been catching up on books about the Italian experience in World War II, and this novel fit right in. One can't help but love the hero of the story, Pino Lella, even though some of his "memories" seem a bit too heroic to be believed, perhaps a bit embellished by time or by the author, Mark T. Sullivan. But it is a compelling and moving story told con smania, passionately. I enjoyed the read.
 I loved the characters in this book. The story is tragic but based on the truth and so very riveting.
 An impressive book that explore the reality of life during the end of the war in Italy. Enjoyed the twists and turns. Just a good historical fiction book.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this historical account of a young man thrown into extraordinary circumstances.
 An incredible read!!!! Sometimes hard going but a great testament of the human spirit. A story of WWII in which my father's cousin lost his life; shot down over the Adriatic sea. His remains were buried in Florence.
 Outstanding!
 A gripping story of history and the terror of war, the struggle for survival, and the heights and depths humanity reaches as a result. Twists and turns, luck and fate, as only real life can present. Anyone who enjoys well written stories with real settings and factual accounts of historical events will love this book. I felt like I was living in the times, experiencing the events along side the characters. Brilliant. Emotional. I felt privileged to have shared the experiences of a true hero.
 Five star praise for a wonderful read. I knew so much of the background history...It was like visiting an old memory. Mr. Sullivan is a wonderful writer...his characters are very real, and by the end of the story they felt like family. It's a great read.
 What an excellent story and brilliantly told! Exceptional! This true story needs to be told. If you like history then this is a book for you.
 Really enjoyed this one, even though some of it is hard to take.<br/>It's worth it to know the truth of what so many innocent people went through. An excellent book.
 I chose this book for my April "Kindle First" book and I am so glad I did.  It is based on a true story about the last two years of WWII in Northern Italy and an amazing young hero. The best Kindle First book I have ever read, and I highly recommend it.  Haunting book that makes you think and stays with you long after you finish it.
 I was hooked from the beginning! It was amazing to me that such young people could do so much in such trying times. I kept stopping to look up people mentioned in the book to learn more about them as I read.  Excellent book.
 I especially enjoyed this true story because the principal character is about my age. As a young teenager I recall many of the events described in the story during WW 2.
 I enjoy historical fiction, especially if it’s based on a true story.  This book fit the bill perfectly.
