 I don’t usually write reviews, but had to for this one. Summer, our 1.5 year old cavalier is obsessed with these toys! If you love spoiling your pup, this is definitely the way to go. Included are four different unique and well-designed toys, which we’ve come to expect from BarkBox. It’s so great knowing that once Summer has had her way with the toy, there’s a bonus prize inside waiting for her! We loved being able to customize the box to our little girl’s size so it was just right for her. If you’ve heard of BarkBox but haven’t subscribed or are hesitant, this package is the perfect introduction and a great value.
 Cannot say enough good things about these toys-- absolutely LOVE BarkBox! I honestly don't think I'm going to ever buy toys at the pet store again because I have never found any toys that come even close to the quality of Bark toys, especially for the price.<br/><br/>My little pup is 16 lbs and I was debating between the small/medium box and the large box just bc he's such a chewer, I decided to go with the small/medium and it's been absolutely perfect. He carries those little plush ping pong balls with him everywhere, I think he's in love (as am I-- I mean how cute are little plush ping pong dog toys?!). Thank you bark box and please keep making more boxes like this!!
 We have a 18 lb schnauzer poodle mix and a 20 lb terrier. Their utter destruction of toys knows no bounds and it can be less than 20 minutes until some poor fluffy so-called “durable” toy has met its maker. That was not the case with these toys. The toys in this set are very well made and both of our dogs were delighted with the toy selection, especially the cactus toy. You can tell that the toys included are high quality and the stitching looks much better than what we typically find on mass produced dog toys. I highly recommend this box for your dog.
 the toys came today. my three dogs ran to fetch them and play with them. one took two of them to his bed and would not leave. some of the toys are bouncy and some are softer. all are good quality and make noises except the dice (i think that's what those are!) good quality product. my dogs are enjoying the toys and they are very well made.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R1V31DPNDXW9YI"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B19IZeyRcES.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91dRpNeibKS.png"/> Nori loved the toys from the second I pulled them out of the box, check out the video for LIVE footage :-D.
 I ordered the large and small boxes thinking it would work for all the different size dogs that I have.  My 10lb dogs wanted no part of the smaller toys and the large toys are more for medium size dogs.  Out of 4 dogs, only 2 liked the toys in the large box and none like the toys in the small box.  The toys are durable and seem to be a good value for the money, at least for the large box.  I would definitely order the large box again.
 These were great looking and super well made!  I have an English Springer Spaniel whose life mission is to desqueak and rip the stuffing out of every toy he owns.  He did this with the pineapple, and what fun to first see a yellow face underneath the pineapple, and then a bumpy football at the core.  The pineapple didn’t last long, but he’s carried the football around for days without chewing it up.  3 toys in one!  The way the ropes moved through the bettle was great too!  Very clever!  Entertaining for pet and owner alike!
 I picked these up on sale because we have a young puppy and can use some backup toys. I didn’t think they would be any different then the numerous dog toys I’ve bought before. I was super wrong. The Liberty Ball was the initial favorite, so much the puppy and our older dog fought to both play with it. So introduced the cactus to entertain them both and they went crazy for that toy too. These have become the most popular toys in our house.
 My Frenchy puppy loves these toys! I ordered her small/medium since she is still a puppy, and they are the perfect size for her. She has been chewing and playing with them since we got them! My roommate has an English Bulldog and he is obsessed with them too, they tug and pull fighting over them and they haven't torn yet. Her favorite are the little pong balls, she runs all over the house squeaking them! Great amount and amazing quality for the price, we are very satisfied!!
 A few years ago I subscribed, for a couple of years, to Bark Box for our great granddog Bo.  Everything was great and Bo loved it when the mail came.  When I saw the Amazon Deals and Bark Box was one of them, I ordered one.  It came and our shipoo and shorkie were excited.  They are not destructive dogs, but yesterday evening (2 day after receiving them) the bird that was enclosed as a toy, the seam on the tummy had come apart and we had white stuffing all over the floor.  My assumption is it was defective because we have had VERY GOOD luck previously.
 We gave Chloe, our 17 month old 70 lb  doodle one stuffed creature.  She absolutely loved it. It is already taking a lot of puppy abuse and is holding up well.<br/>All toys appeared to be well made and will hopefully last a while.  Happy pup=happy mom<br/>(PS She will get a new one each week or so and trade them out)
 Such a great variety of toys in this collection! You should have seen the way my dog's tail was wagging! :) He loves them all! Very durable. Able to hold up to a Labrador's chewing and heavy, active play. He enjoys the squeaker that is hiding inside each one. Also a fantastic value.
 A great way to keep my dogs mind stimulated and thereby happy! Can’t say about the durability because I just received it today. My dog loves the toy I started him out with. He’s not very destructive but I’m looking forward to when he gets through the outer toy and the inner toy is revealed.
 Bought this as a gift for a friend. Their dog loved it. I would highly recommend throwing all of them at the dog quickly and giving them a lot of new squeakers to play with. The dog lost its mind for a while.
 Having three large dogs makes for some loud and crazy days! Luckily bark box comes with enough large toys to keep them entertained! All the toys squeek and are more durable than toys from the store! It's only been a few days but all the toys still have their sole (the squeaker) which usually is ripped out within half an hour!
 My dog loved every single toy in this box.  He now takes them everywhere!  Each one is different and the balls in the cup is the perfect challenge for him.  Great buy!
 I really like bark box. The issue isn't with them.<br/>The issue is I ordered a large and a medium dog box and received 2 large dog boxes, instead.<br/>The toys are very nice. But now I have 2 sets of the same toys and they are a little too big for the smaller pup.
 Our beagle likes all of the toys but is in LOVE with the bird! All holding up well to the dog who chews out squeakers first and plays second.
 Only received three of the four toys and only one of the toys was one that was supposed to be included in the bundle.
 My dog was somewhat interested.
 Nice selection of toys.
 Very disappointed,  my dogs destroyed these toys in less than an hour. Waste of money.
 Our 1 year old black lab LOVED all of the toys. They even last a little longer than some of his other toys. Would definitely recommend and purchase again.
 Stewie loves his toys from Bark Box!!!
 Our big boy loves these toys so far and they seem to hold up better than the average plush toy.
 The first toy only lasted 5 minutes with my lab mix. Definitely not worth the price.
 The toys are not sturdy for a large dog. He chewed them all in 1 hours time.
 I have a big (95lb) and small (12lb) dog and they both enjoyed the toys in this box! The big guy likes the tough spider toy with the ropes - they're strong and I think he'll be wrestling with that for a while. The smaller dog is really into the purple fuzzy thing and the statue of liberty. All in all it's a great box for any dog.
 My dog Nellie LOVES her toys!!! Since it came out of the box, she won’t put her new red cup down! Bark Box once again comes through with the most fun and dog-friendly toys. Her eyes lit up when she saw the box! Will get more for sure.
 My dog loves to tear the insides out of plush toys, so they usually don't last very long, but he will be enjoying these sturdy plush toys for a long time! He especially loves the cactus toy because of the crinkly, chewable appendages (see attached blur photo of him carrying it around). We also like this box, the pigeon toy especially, because of the low-pitch, quiet squeakers... a lot less annoying than regular squeak toys! For the price, this box makes a great treat for your furbaby's adoptiversary or birthday and a great intro to BarkBox - our little guy definitely knew this package was all for him!
 Our bark Box arrived super fast! I was worried that  Our super chewer would rip it up in minutes. Our Box came with four fun chewy critters and toys . Then I was reading about the toys and some are meant to be ripped up and another toy surprise is underneath. Our Bruno has been chewing nonstop on this pineapple for hours He will definitely have fun with these toys for a long while. They are very durable. We will definitely buy more of these toys from Bark Box for our Bruno Mars!
