 I Have used a fan for  it’s noise to sleep for over eight years now. I have gone threw well over twenty fans in the past eight years. I run a fan non stop for hours until I wake up each and every night. When I travel I take my fan with me as well. I have purchased so many brands and styles. I owned fans that were plastic, metal, standing, floor, expensive, cheap, you name it... I tried most.<br/><br/>I lost yet another fan that I payed top dollar for a few weeks back. It just stoppedworking. Another one bites the dust. I figured check amazon for a fan since it’s winter time and fans at a department store tend to be seasonal... yeah summer.<br/><br/>I bought this fan for two reasons, I needed a fan and this one was the cheapest price I have ever found for this size fan.<br/><br/>For those who don’t like very noisy fans then this fan is not noisy at all.  It’s small but not like those tiny desk ones. It swivels up so u can point the airflow towards  the ceiling, this is what I do mostly. There is no assembly required, I just took it out of the two boxes it came in and plugged it in.<br/><br/>A week after I bought the first one I decided to buy a second one for my girls room plus the price was so low I figured why not.<br/><br/>Airflow is nice but not crazy.<br/><br/>I truly like metal fans better but this will work for now:)<br/><br/>Update: a year later and both of my fans are still running.
 We returned this after testing it. One of my family members has several of these and I love using them when I visit because hers have the perfect amount of sound-blocking white noise without being distracting and they push out a ton of air. I was expecting the same with this one, but...it seems they've changed the model in the past several years. These, now, are extremely quiet and do not push air very fast at all. Even on its highest setting it felt like a typical box fan's "low". Very disappointing.<br/><br/>If you're looking for something that will keep air circulating enough to give you a breeze at night and also block out noises from outside or through the walls, this is not going to do the job for you.
 Bought 2 when our box fan finally gave into old age. At first, both crazy quiet with just the right amount of white noise. The air movement was amazing, cool and you can feel it across the room. But, 1 week into it and 1 fan just stopped working. Turned it off the morning, went to turn it on in the evening, and bam nothing. Changed the fuse and again, nothing. About 5 days or so later, same thing. One I can see, maybe just a bad fan, it happens. Two??? Ugh So while it's great, it's very unstable, and didn't last us long at all. I can't recommend this
 let me start off by saying this: Before this fan I was sweating enough to get us out of the California drought. With this fan now I am cool as a cucumber I have not drippity drop dropped a single sweat in my room ever since I plopped this puppy on my desk.<br/><br/>BUT..I cannot talk into the fan and distort my voice which really let down my inner 6 year old self.<br/><br/>Still 5 stars, but for those of you looking to distort your voice by speaking into your new beloved table fan, look elsewhere. If the above doesn't apply to you stop reading this nonsense and buy the thing already!
 Fan was working fine the first month I had it then it started to squeak badly. The squeaking would come and go periodically and it got worse before it finally completely died. Disappointed because I need it to sleep.
 5 Months old and this motor is already dying.  It runs at about 50% of the speed it should, unless I aim it down, then it blows faster.<br/>1 Year warranty?  Yea, but you have to pay $10 in shipping, whats the point?  Guess I'll buy another one at $8 and hope is doesn't die in another 5 months.  I had one of these fans 5 or so years ago and it worked great for years.  Maybe they are making them cheaper now.
 I bought this fan in July of 2016 before heading to college where I was living in a dorm with no AC. For two years, this fan was my trusty sidekick. I slept with it next to my head and had it on every single night. It was powerful and cooling. However, beginning this year, the fan began suddenly shutting down or slowing down. Throughout the night, it would randomly pick up speed and then slow down again. In the mornings, I would wake up to the blades of the fan just barely moving. Now, I just tried to turn it on and it has altogether stopped working. I had hoped that this would last me through college, and because it hasn’t, I’m giving it a 1-star rating.
 I really can't imagine how anyone could give this little fan less than FIVE stars unless they got a defective one and kept it instead of sending it back so they could be unhappy. I have tried a number of small fans in order to conserve space and none of them can hold a candle to this "little big fan." Yeah, I did that on purpose. First two I ever bought was at Costco about 10 years ago. They served me fine for the living space I resided in at the time. After several years I moved to a much larger space and wanted more of them. Unfortunately Costco no longer carried them, but Amazon did. I bought two more and a year or two later, two more. I believe I have six now and all are still running although one of the oldest ones has developed a little dead spot in the switch. It hasn't really been a problem though, it just takes a little rocking back and forth and it comes on and runs till I shut it off. I've had a number of 18 and 20 inch box fans in my life that neither moved as much air or lasted as long as my oldest of these. If you are looking for a small fan that moves a lot of air then you have found it. The next move is up to you!
 I bought this fan one month ago and it stopped working.  It’s hot and humid and the brand new fan I purchased stopped working.  This is a joke.  Don’t waste your money.  You’ll wind up sweating and staring at a non-functional fan.  I can’t wait to return it!<br/><br/>Just found out from Amazon It is one week past the return period.  How convenient for the seller that I paid good money for a product that breaks down right after the return period.  Do yourself a favor, find another fan.<br/><br/>Update-  I called Honeywell customer service as directed by Amazon Customer service.  After spending 10 minutes on the phone with a call center, I was told that Honeywell does not manufacture this product and that although the branding says Honeywell, it is a licensed product from another manufacturer.  I was then told I need to call that manufacturer to see about getting a resolution. I am now on hold waiting for the hidden manufacturer waiting for anyone to answer the call.  After being on hold for another 10 minutes, I was given an email address to send proof of purchase.  This is the reply I got back,  Your message couldn't be delivered to consumerrelations@kav.com because the remote server is misconfigured. See technical details below for more information.<br/><br/>This is a scam.  Save your money and your time.  Don't buy from this company.
 We've purchased Honeywell fans for a while now, especially the small models.  My kids like them to sleep with and my husbands uses the larger models at his business.  4 months ago, I bought a new smaller model after one of the other ones dies.  After 2 weeks, it died.  I replaced it because I didn't want to bother returning it.  4 months later we purchased another.  It died 2 DAYS after we purchased it.  It is MY personal fan...not my kid's.  I wrote the company at Honeywell.  No response.  I will never, ever purchase a Honeywell fan again.  Poorly made products, don't return messages, poor customer service.
 I guess for the price this is not exactly a huge rip off or anything, but my fan stopped working 12 months and 1 week after I bought it. I wasn’t really all that annoyed that it stopped working until I decided to double check that it wasn’t under warranty before I moved it from the “box of stuff I need to deal with” to properly get rid of it and saw the date I purchased it compared to the date it stopped working and how close to exactly 1 year it was. The company’s warranty policy also says that the customer is responsible for paying either $10 (U.S.) or $15 (Canada) shipping for warranty replacements, regardless of where they are shipping from or the circumstances, which is 100% the cost of the product anyway. For $10 don’t expect something to work for longer than a year, which is not surprising or outrageous, but certainly not impressive, great bargain, or a sign of a company that’s really excited about the quality of what they are producing. Next time I’m going to buy a nicer more expensive fan and hope to not have to replace it so soon.<br/><br/>Other info about the fan from when it still worked: pretty decent power/wind production for the size, but definitely not quiet. I liked that it was not quiet because I need the white noise to sleep (and thus am in need of a new fan). It tilts up and down some but has no other features— it doesn’t oscillate, and to rotate the head of the fan you have to turn the whole base. It is (was in my case as mine is dead) a very small fan. Small enough to keep on a dresser, desk, or book shelf, but *small.* You also need tools to take the cage thing-y off, a very strong vacuum, or some other special cleaning tool to clean it properly because the cage/cover doesn’t clip off or anything and the slats are too narrow to slide a duster or anything between.
 We had several of this same kind of fan for years and loved them. Bought replacement when they died after 12-15 years and they are now very weak in terms of blowing air. Also a lot quieter (due to weaker motor) but we liked them for white noise. The new version is quieter on “high” than the old version was on “low.” And again, not much air circulation at all.
 I love this fan for the price and purpose. However, after a few months of use it's gotten progressively louder when it's on. Going to keep it for occasional use, but will need to get a new one for use when we are sleeping.... Update: After three months the fan started to change speeds randomly on the lowest setting. After two weeks it stopped working totally. I guess you get what you pay for!
 I titled this review, "Not feelin' it," and that's kind of the problem.  The output is pretty weak.  I don't get the hype surrounding this fan.  There are some hilarious reviews, which I love (and probably why I pulled the trigger), however the fan itself is just ok.  Additionally, the sound (if you're looking for one to help you sleep) is barely audible on high.  I appreciate the idea of a quiet fan, but, WOW!!!  At high, you can barely tell it's on, and it's  useless at medium or low.  If you want a desk fan, this would be a good option, since it's quiet and not very powerful (in case you don't want papers flying everywhere).  I'll probably keep it, since you can't beat the price, but it'll definitely be replaced.
 My significant other requires a fan blowing for white noise to sleep after serving and spending the equivalent of several years sleeping on noisy ships. And his dog is so used to having it on that even if he's not home the fan still must be on all night unless I want my sleep abruptly interrupted several times a night by her alerting to every.single.noise.  And nature sounds were not sufficient to his tastes.<br/><br/>After an exhaustive search, this is the first fan I found that emits a lower frequency white noise without any shrill mechanical noise and it's not too loud. I can be sensitive to loud sounds and I find this fan set to low or medium to be soothing rather than irritating.  I don't have to go to bed with the TV on to drown out the fan noise anymore...My quality of life at bedtime has greatly improved in just three nights time.  Hallelujah!
 I live in Trinidad and this is the first time I have able to love life again here in the second hottest spot on earth (the hottest being Tabago, of course.)<br/>If you live in a tropical environment, then buy this fan...you won't be sorry.
 I got this as a deal item for $10.  It is similar in design to the Vornado, but much lower in price.<br/><br/>We have a built in wall unit in one of the bedrooms that blocks the heating base board.  The hot air gets trapped behind this so the thermostat does not register the temperature correctly.  It wouldn't be an issue except that this thermostat also controls the baseboard heater in my son's room.  So his room is usually 10 degrees warmer than what shows on the thermostat.  He already has a high tolerance for cold and routinely comes home from practice in his shorts when it's freezing outside.  So having his room so hot is very uncomfortable for him to say the least.<br/><br/>Anyway, I needed a fan that I could position to blow down into the baseboard and get the trapped hot air out to where the thermostat can register it.  Hence the need for this specific design with a small profile.  It has worked great in this capacity.<br/><br/>It is very quiet relative to the air it moves.  It is also quite stable.  I haven't really had much reason to think about it, it just works.<br/><br/>I am so impressed with it that I have it on my watch list and will pick up a few more if I can get the deal price again.
 I’m very disappointed with this product.  I can set the fan directly in front of me and I barely feel it on its highest setting.  Fanning a magazine is far more effective than this fan.  I cannot figure out how it has such good reviews about how effective it is, but I guess you get what you pay for.  The only plus is that it’s very quiet, but that’s because it’s so ineffective.  I have a hand held battery powered fan with the foam blades that is about twice as effective.  I cannot come up with enough ways to say how utterly useless this “fan” is.  Having someone gently blow on you is more effective.  A slow walk indoors moves more air.  A mouses sneeze would feel like a cool breeze compared to this.  A sloth passing you by would have a better cooling effect than this waste of money.  A snail slithering past would provide more comfort than this waste of space.  Calling it a fan is blatant consumer deception.  Do not buy this product!!!!!!!
 I ordered this wanting a small fan to circulate the air in my one bedroom apartment bathroom to prevent mold from growing and drying the shower/tub quickly after showering.  I was surprised by the air-flow generated by this little guy.  It has 3 settings, which is marked by lines (3 lines=High, 2 Lines=Medium, 1 line=Low).  When on the high setting, the fan is really quiet and not at all disturbing.  When on the medium and low setting, you hardly even know the fan is on by it being so quiet.  The fan looks like it will be easy to take of the grill to clean without much hassle.  I recommend this little powerhouse of a fan.  I have Amazon Prime so shipping was 2 days.
 I bought my first one 15 years ago.  It was thicker plastic, very solid, but loud.  This would be my second one and the plastic is thinner and lighter, feels almost flimsy, and slightly quieter.  What makes this bad though is that it's off balance somewhere, so there's this back and forth burring sound that's different then the normal consist buzzing.  Since I only paid $10, it's probably worth that (or less).  I use it mainly to push solvent fumes when I clean machinery, so I guess I'll keep it.  I otherwise would not use this for personal comfort use.
 I was happy for about a week but now I wish I'd bought a better fan. My tabletop fan that I've had for like six years burned out on me and the weather starts getting warm around here pretty fast. I bought a fan ahead of time to make sure I'd be marginally comfortable in the 70s and low 80s before having to turn on the AC. This fan worked great for a little less than a week, once the weather hit 80. I ran it on it's lowest setting but it developed a clicking noise that is really annoying. I don't know what makes it click as turning it off for a few minutes made it stop. The knob on the back is also really inconvenient for turning on and off without turning it around to use. Most fans, even fans with the knobs on the back, can be turned on easily without anything in the way. It does a good job keeping me cool for now.  I'll update if the clicking gets worse.
 PRO'S:<br/>not to big, not to small, moves enough air on all 3 speeds, wall mountable, doesn't take up to much space, easy to take apart &amp; clean, EXCELLENT price point, VERY quiet on low, barley audible on medium, on high it can still deliver a mild "white noise" without being intrusive or annoying, controls are easy to access without looking, has handle, looks nice.<br/><br/>CON'S: (Both are subjective)<br/>made entirely of plastic (except the motor), motor isn't encased.<br/><br/>I have had several fans over the years. I can't say how long it will last due to the motor not being encased so it's going to collect dust over time however, being it's easy to disassemble; it shouldn't be to hard to keep it clean with "a can of air" so it operates properly for the long haul..not that I expect it to last 2 decades at this price point but if it does, All The Better!..<br/><br/>On "low" this fan does a perfect job at a slight to light breeze. Medium is decent for "normal" air circulation, "High" isn't gusty or powerful but does a decent enough job at keeping you cool, over all this is perfect for a small room just don't expect a hurricane.  I WOULD &amp; WILL buy another if I need one though, it's well worth the $$.
 When I first opened this fan and put it on my desk, my coworkers laughed at me because of its size. Once the temperature hit 90+ degrees they became jealous very fast as I was staying cool and they were sweating. I'll be honest, it's a large desk fan. I'd say if it were any bigger, it would be too big. Right now it's borderline. But if you have the extra space and you can get over the size, the fans functionality is top notch. I keep it on the low setting all day and it is more than powerful enough. There are still two settings higher if I ever needed it. To anyone who says this fan is under powered, you need to get over the fact that this isn't a $500 Vornado standing fan. Not only is this fan powerful, it is very quiet. Most of my coworkers can't even tell I have it on until they sit in my chair where the fan is directly facing. And the range of motion is excellent if you don't want it directly on you but circulating air instead. You can feel the fan from several feet away, I sit about 4 feet from it and am able to feel a nice breeze. Last but not least, this fans best feature? The price. Can't beat it. Overall, if you have the space on your desk this is a must buy for anyone who works in an office!
 I purchased this fan last year and used it all summer. At the end of the summer, I packed it back in the box that it came in and stored it away.  Well, this summer when I pulled it out it seemed to be fine, that was until the supports cracked on one side of the fan. I was still able to use if I propped it up careful and didn't tilt it any other way then facing forward.  Today the other side broke, so there are no supports at all, but the fan part still works. I would also like to say at this time; I brought the smaller version of this fan, and it has stopped working altogether, again this is after having own it for a year. While for its size and price the fan and while working serves its purpose very well. I will not be buying from this company again as their product seems to be disposable, my money is not.<br/><br/>"DATE UP" DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT...SAVE YOUR MONEY!<br/>Today, all but one of the fans has stopped working and I'm sure that one will join the other very soon. I purchased the three fans over a two summers period which seems to be the extent of their functioning. HONEYWELL in the time of customers seeking a good product that is worth the money you have just lost a customer and anyone else I can inform on how (NOT GREAT) your product works.
 A good fan for the price, but I was looking to replace my other (much older) Honeywell fan that is similar to this but they don't sell anymore. I was disappointed with the power of the fan- even brand new the "high" setting is comparable to the "low" setting on my older fan. Still a good fan as an air circulator and definitely quieter than my other one, but not what I was expecting. For the price though, it is a good fan, and very quiet, I just wouldn't recommend it as your only fan if you are looking to cool down. I run it along with another fan that I aim at myself directly, and use this fan as an "air circulator" just to help with air movement around the room. I think the more expensive version of this (around $25) is closer to the make of my old Honeywell fan, but this one does a pretty good job, especially for being less than half the price of the other version. It looks exactly the same as my other one, it just lacks some of the power my old one has. But on the plus side, it is SO much quieter than my old one (i would say more than the 25% they claim), which I like because I don't need to blast my TV or computer to hear it. Overall, I would recommend this fan to anyone looking for a really good cheaply-priced fan, or anyone looking for an air circulator in particular. Still can't go wrong with the price- it came with the Honeywell instruction booklet, and doesn't seem used/fake/etc.- it would be hard to even find a mini fan for this price, let alone this high quality. I would definitely recommend!
 I love these fans. I bought a couple of them ~5 years ago. They move a lot of air for how small and quiet they are. I also really like how you can tilt them to suck air off the floor and shoot it straight up. I keep buying more of them, I have about 7 now. I haven't had one fail or break in any way yet.<br/><br/>There is one that has been running 24/7 in my living room. I turned it off one day when I was trying to track down a noise. When I turned it back on the next day it didn't start up. I went to bed and when I woke up the next day it was running like normal again. It is still chugging along without issue, but the next time I turn it off it may not spin back up :(
 This thing is a piece of junk that stopped working completely after about 5 months of non-continuous use.<br/><br/> I can't return it, so now I'm out the money I spent, I'm stuck with no fan and weather that's heating up again. Don't waste your money or your time on this fan. Shop around, because there is good quality out there, it's just not with Honeywell.
 I had a previous version of this fan that's lasted about five years but recently it's gotten too loud to sleep with even with frequent oiling and cleaning. This new one is quieter than my old one but already louder than I remember.<br/><br/>Also, this fan moves virtually no air even on high. the knob is incredibly resistant to turning and I'm afraid I might snap it off it seems so weak and cheap. Speaking of the plastic housing, the hinges are awful. There are only five points or angles you can rest the fan at. On the previous version there is a sort of resistance that allows you to use the fan at whatever angle you wish despite the five locking points.<br/><br/>TLDR: the old fans of this model were better and even at only around $12 I still feel ripped off. I would much rather pay $20 for an older model at Walmart like I did the last time.
 My first impression must be very common. The fan is now more light and does indeed tend to fall over.... however I noticed it now sits more like a large turbo fan with the "base" as a support. One nail in the wall and I can stick it up there, no problem.<br/>The energy and sound level being real things I like this fan. The affordable price certainly helps....in the picture it is hanging on one nail that was in the wall already painted white.
 Great for stairs! I didn't know this when I bought the fan but this is designed to REALLY MOVE AIR much more than a regular fan. I placed it by the vent at the bottom of the stairs up to my kids' room which is very stuffy and hot in the summer. I could feel the air pumping as if I was standing in front of an AC and I was all the way at the top of the staircase. The box indicates its best use is in combination with Air Conditioning but since we don't have it here I'm going to use it with our house's forced air fan and keep the upstairs cool. I'm very happy with this purchase.
 Moves air very well and has a sturdy shell which can take a beating and survive some falls. Great for a dorm or small bedroom. It has a really wide, stable base, and low center of gravity so it can even sit well on ledges and windowsills which are slightly smaller than the base. It also comes apart easily if you are the type to repair and modify your own stuff.<br/><br/>Something else I feel is worth mentioning is that it's now much quieter than the older model of the same fan (from a few years ago). If you're looking for a fan to make white noise while you sleep this doesn't make the same heavy sound that it used to.
 I needed a fan for working out at home. I was hoping to find something bigger but couldn't find anything in a price range I was willing to spend, so I went with this little guy. Used it for my workout last night and on the high setting, it gave me enough of a breeze that it brought me some much needed relief. You can rotate it from a straight position all the way to the fan pointing up. I had it angled up for my standing workouts and pointed straight ahead for the floor workouts. Although you have to be right in line with the direction it's pointing to get the full effect, it gives off a good breeze. I'm happy with it, it will work for my purposes. As far as noise goes, it wasn't too loud. I only had to turn my TV up a couple notches and I hardly noticed it. If you were using it just to block other noises out though, I think it would definitely be enough to do that (ie. at night when your house is quiet and you just like a bit of noise to block out cars, etc).
 I bought this fan for the wife. She likes to have a fan in the bathroom while she does her hair and makeup before work or a night out. I originally purchased a Vornado but she didn't like it because it was too strong.  I found this fan and pulled the trigger. It was exactly what she wanted. It says it is quiet, and that is putting it mildly. I was going to use the mounting option and bolt it on the wall but she shot that idea down.  It keeps her cool, and is nearly inaudible (she listens to music when she gets ready so that was important). If she's happy, that is all that matters.  Great fan at a price that will blow you away.
 I am one of those who needs a fan to sleep. Well - not a need but a very strong want.  This fan works great. It's not too quiet and not too loud. It doesn't vibrate across the table and hit the floor yet so that's good  (how mast last 2 met their demise)  Rest in peace Vornado. You will be missed.  Now - I am turbo charged.  Who doesn't need a little  Brap  choo chooo choo in their house.  Cars have it and it's cool so why not?  Might get a few more for my fan obsession. I haven't had it long enough to give it a high durability score yet. I will update after a few to show how it's hanging on.  Let's just say for now I'm a big fan!
 I wasn't expecting much from this thing, as late last summer, I simply purchased the cheapest thing available to escape the heat in a college apartment which does not have a thermostat in each unit. To my surprise, it actually delivered. This thing can produce a pretty powerful gust that's more than adequate for one person and with moderate noise (quieter than the archetypal rotating floor fan you grew up with, but also not particularly quiet). At the two lowest settings, the breeze is comfortable at a short distance, and the noise is pretty low and generally not an issue.
 Sent to my son that recently moved out on his own.  He has had a ceiling fan his whole life and now cannot sleep without moving air.  This was a cheap, quick solution until a ceiling fan could be installed.  He said it's fantastic (see what I did there?!) - he put it on the night stand beside his bed and said he was finally able to sleep.  Has had it on basically 24/7 since (it's so humid where we live and has been 90+ degrees most days this summer).  Said it works like a charm and is very quiet.  I went to his house and felt it in action myself - very nice esp given the price!
 Received this product February 7th 2017 out of no where it stopped working on April 30th 2017. It's a great fan but the first one I brought from my local target 4 years ago is still running. So I'll never order one again.
 I now own two of these powerful, compact little fans.  One of them is kept on my vanity in my bedroom because I tend to get overheated as I get ready in the mornings (using the blow dryer and various heated hair styling tools) and this is perfect to tuck back into the corner and turn it on when I start to feel warm.  I usually keep it on the lowest setting because it's just within about two feet of me so the low speed is sufficient.  The other fan I purchased to use in my classroom where I teach.  I have a classroom that is on an exterior wall and it tends to get extremely stuffy on hot days so this is perfect to tuck behind my computer desk and pull out on warm days.  While it doesn't circulate the air in the entire room (not that I expected it to, of course) I can turn it on to circulate the air in my area and it is so quiet that the kids don't even know it's on.  It blends in visually and the quiet white noise helps it to do its job without being obvious.  The stand allows it to rotate nearly 180 degrees.  If you are looking for a durable, compact, quiet, discreet fan that packs quite a punch then I would recommend this fan to you!
 It's an okay fan, it works reliably, and it can crank some pretty decent airflow. However, there's a dull hum that comes and goes with the Honeywell HT-900, which overrides the white noise effect of the fan. I had to move it to the carpeted floor to reduce the effect of this noise, which in turn reduces the effectiveness of the fan. Inexpensive fans like this will always do this, I think. It's not a bad product, it's just priced at a certain low price point and it was manufactured accordingly. A decent but flawed fan at a cheap price – that's what you're getting.
 I'm not going to bore anyone with decibel ratings for noise or CFM values for air moved.  I've often said specs are subjective.  When I go look for a piece of audio equipment for example I take one of my favorite CDs to the store and have them crank it up,  If it sounds great I'm good.<br/><br/>I have been very pleased with this fan and don't understand the complaints about the new model's base being unstable.  I almost did not buy the fan because of these reviews. I have balanced this fan precariously on the fins of my oil filled electric heater with the fan pointed in various directions and at all three speeds.  The only time it fell was when I was not paying attention and I bumped into it.  I've also used in on the floor in all positions and speeds and have never had an issue.<br/><br/>At the lowest speed the fan is nice and quiet and one can easily sleep with it in the room.  At the higher speeds it's not excessively loud and it does a great job of moving air.<br/><br/>One of the things I like to do with this is point it straight up and place it under the Air Conditioning ducts on the walls.  The bottom of thee are just above the top of the fan and it really makes a difference in having a room more evenly cooled.
 DO NOT BUY - thought i got a bad one, so i returned it for a replacement... with the same results :(  THESE ARE NOT WHAT THEY USED TO BE. Once a product gets enough positive votes on Amazon, the company can change the manufacturing process, or just ship the 'B' units, to cut costs and ride the reviews for a profit.  this new crud is noisy as heck, not a solid 'white noise' that you can tune out, but a small humming/rattling every 4 seconds or so, so that your brain Has to acknowledge it (exactly the same on both fans)  No longer can we trust Honeywell. too bad, they used to make the best fans Ever :(
 Like other reviewers, I was trying to replace my HT-800, which was a great fan.  Honeywell discontinued that fan and replaced it with this flimsy crap.  The base is so weak that the fan rocks from side to side if you poke at it.  The highest speed seems weaker than the HT-800's lowest speed.  This fan won't move nearly the air the previous model did (ventilate a room out a window).  The fan they sent itself had been returned by another customer.  I'd return it too immediately if I'd paid full price.<br/><br/>Jim Cramer was saying last week on Mad Money to stick with America, and to buy stock in Honeywell - no.  I don't think so.  This is an embarrassment to America.  The previous model lasted 8 months of running at medium speed 24/7.  I doubt if this cheap fan makes it through the spring, blowing half the air volume.  Needless to say, a disappointment.
 This fan sits on my dresser about 3 to 4 feet from my pillow. I had to lower the speed to the lowest setting. At speed 2 it is just starting to get annoying at this distance and 3 gave me flash backs from hurricane Harvey.<br/>The noise level is also perfect for me. It is not whisper quiet, but it is the air turbulence creating the noise and not the fan motor or vibration. White noise.<br/>I will buy this to replace any other small fan that plays out. I have recommended it to family members.<br/>I sleep well again without listening to my spouse bitch about the noise and plead for me to turn it off. No complaints from the other side of the bed since I bought this. Win win win.
 I bought this fan specifically for white noise. I had a box fan before, and after 2 years of keeping it on 24/7 it finally died. I decided to look for something a little less ugly this time around. This was small and inexpensive. I keep it on at night on the highest setting and it creates a nice constant noise to fall asleep to. It is not as loud as my old box fan. If you’re looking for something to drown out the sound of family members or pets outside the door at night, this will not work. I considered returning it for this reason, but it fits on my nightstand nicely and has a pleasant sound to fall asleep to. It has helped me sleep even though I can still hear when the cat is getting in to something at night.
 I'm the kind of guy who likes having a fan on me at all times, even when it's below freezing out. So, when I tell you I've run this fan 5 days a week in my office for 8 hours a day for over a year, I'm telling you this thing is well worth the money. The Honeywell Circulator fan series has by and large been my only purchase for the last several years because of the sheer amount of air these little guys can move while remaining relatively quiet.
 We are the type of people that sleep with a fan blowing all night. I have purchased 4 or 5 of these over the past few years because they were inexpensive and I couldn't bring myself to buy a $50 fan. However, I am changing my mind because these fans only last 6-12 months. It gets to the point where it won't start, and to get the fan going I have to use a small object to get the blades spinning before it will engage and move by itself. I won't be buying these again, but will be going for something that can last longer.
 Updated review - I originally gave this fan 5 stars. It does work well, I loved it until the day it died. I purchased the fan on July 23rd, 2015. it completely died on July 22nd, 2016. 1 day short of 1 year. It started making a weird chirping sound, which was quite annoying, so I turned it off, then later went to turn it back on and it won't come on at all. I expected it to last much longer than that. There is a 1 year "limited" warranty, but you have to pay shipping charges ($10!), which is not acceptable considering I did nothing to damage the fan and a new unit would only cost $15. So. Yeah. I'm very irritated and disappointed in the fan and in Honeywell in general. I will replace it with another brand.<br/><br/>Original review (unedited):<br/><br/>I bought this fan about a month ago. Our house is very old - the central A/C works, it comes on, but you can't feel anything coming from the vents...and we just don't have the money to get that fixed. We were using window units, but even that is just too expensive. We still have the window units on, but set on 75. So it's verrrrrry hot in our house in the summer. We live in a very humid, very hot part of the south. It's pretty much the definition of hell.<br/>So I bought one of these little fans to keep next to my bed, since the sweat was keeping me awake and very irritable every night. This little fan kicks serious butt. I've had it jacked up all the way, as high as it can go, for a month now non-stop, and it's outstanding. It moves a LOT of air. I've gone from angrily kicking the covers off of me at night before having the fan to snuggling under the covers with the fan. It's made SUCH a difference. It's pretty powerful on the highest setting, probably on the lower settings as well but I have not used those yet. It's also very quiet, it makes a low hummmmmmmm sound, but it's quite comforting at night, I like white noise.<br/>I love how small it is, it's very portable. I've been carrying it into the kitchen with me when I cook and bake. I can actually enjoy being in the kitchen again! For the price though I feel like I should probably get a few more for around the house. This is really a great buy, I'm so happy about this fan.
 I bought two of these, as I didn't want to share my bedside fan with my husband any more. This is relatively quiet, and blows well, though the way it's shaped creates airflow farther away from the fan (if you are too close, it doesn't feel like it's blowing very hard). That's great to move air around in the house, but wasn't ideal for my post-menopausal need for air blowing directly on me at night. :)<br/><br/>I recommend this fan, as it's solid, and it blows well. One more thing - it is adjustable up and down, but not freely. You have to choose one of three "clickable" angles.
 I am really loving this fan. Even the lowest speed can be felt on the other side of the room (10-12+ feet). It is quieter than the last small fan I had, but not silent (the lowest setting is a gentle hum).<br/><br/>It looks nice and I like how the stand is adjustable to point up higher. Although the stand moves a little too easily sometimes when I'm trying to adjust the speed. Part of that could be from having it balanced in the window sil.<br/><br/>It is saving me from using the AC as much. If I sit in front of the fan (or as least in the general direct of where I have it pointing), then it cools me off and makes turning on the AC unnecessary most of the time.<br/><br/>Mostly, I'm just really impressed with how powerful it is.
 new version may be 25% quieter but it's 66% less effective. if you only need the low setting (or lower) on the original, then the new version is fine but if you want the old medium or high settings, look elsewhere.
 Sadly, as others have pointed out, this fan has changed.  And not for the better.<br/><br/>I was buying a backup for the same model Honeywell that I've had for years and use as white noise.  It's the same size and mostly the same shape as the one I have, but that's where the comparison ends.  The first thing I noticed with the new model is that is wasn't nearly as stable as the old one.  The plastic is thinner, the base has a big chunk cut out of the front and back.  The blades are smaller and shaped differently.  And as soon as I turned it on, I heard an immediate random rattle.  That doesn't work for people who use a fan as white noise.  The other thing is that the fan is now very quiet and not as powerful as the previous version.  The highest setting on the new fan was quieter than the lowest setting on the old version of this fan.<br/><br/>I'm returning it and will move on to a different brand that isn't just trying to cash in on it's old quality/ratings while saving money with poor quality materials and construction.  That's such a short-sited strategy.  What do companies like this think will happen after they lose all their long time customers?
 I have had this fan for a few weeks and love it. I had one just like it before and it finally died. On the box this one states its 25% quieter and it is every part of that if not more. There is no comparison to the loudness of this fan and my older one.<br/><br/>I like the tilt adjustment which allows me to point it in almost any direction. I have noticed that the fan is not quite as powerful as the older one. However, just the quietness of this new fan is worth it. I use it on the nightly basis for some background sound and it is just right not too loud.<br/><br/>If you were looking for a new fan to cool a small area or even to transfer heat to another room this will do the trick.
 This is a great desk fan for the office!  Has good air flow and is pretty quite.  My only issue with the fan out of the box was the tilt function was way to loose.  If you barely touched the fan it would tilt back to a 60 degree angle, annoying.  So I removed the black plastic caps on the side covers that hide the screws and tighten them down as much as I thought was safe.  If you go "Hulk" on them, you'll just crack the plastic part on the fan housing.  Once the screws were tighten, the fan is perfect now.
 We like these fans because they are very quiet on the low setting, while still being capable of moving a lot of air when set to high. We have several that get regular use and haven't had any trouble with them. The only reason I subtracted a star is because the last two I ordered (spring of 2016, about six months ago) were not as powerful as the earlier ones, while the model number remained the same. The new ones are more energy-efficient at all settings but they also don't move quite as much air. I measured the current, power, and power factor for an older fan and a newer fan, and you can see the change for yourself: Older fan: Low 0.36 A / 27 W / 0.58 PF, Medium 0.44 A / 31 W / 0.59 PF, High 0.57 A / 41 W / 0.57 PF. Newer fan: Low 0.19 A / 21 W / 0.91 PF, Medium 0.20 A / 24 W / 0.95 PF, High 0.22 A / 26 W / 0.97 PF. We still like these fans a lot, just know that if you're re-ordering that it may not be the same as what you had before.
 This fan has a sturdy, good build quality, but has a serious downfall that is a non-negotiable.  Immediately upon unpacking it, I noticed a strong plastic smell off-gassing from the unit.  The odor is similar to a permanent marker.  When running the fan, the smell became overpowering.  It clearly reduces indoor air quality.  I am returning it and would not recommend it.  This is really disappointing coming from a company that also sells air filters.
 I read the comments and the products surpassed my expectations - the best being the comparison of products with details and decibels. I needed a small and affordable fan to sit in front of the small AC -which was not cooling my small bedroom with PC, CPAP, and concentration running at night. I do not have night sweats, but it's like having a fever on/around my head as I crawl into bed each night. I've been using a fan for white noise since I was a child and cooling my head since 6th grade. Now almost 40 years old, this is the best product I have purchased and even happier because of the $15.99 price (same $ as WalMart) with Prime shipping (no long lines and competition of available stock). I am physically disabled and Prime shipping is a wonderful bonus for this product.<br/><br/>This product does not need the window open or the AC on to be highly effective. Sturdy, stable, sleek (black), and highly powered make my face nice and cool and I can sleep comfortably. 80F days are also no match for it and I do not need the AC or an open window. It concentrates the stale room air into a cool breeze. Only had it one day, so I can't comment on longevity and have not tried wall-mounting. I prefer to have the fan available for travel and I can take it around the house if needed.
 We have one of these in every bedroom (4 of them) including where we keep the dogs at night. Mainly used for white noise which makes a world of difference for sleep. We even take all of them on vacation! They make a good bit of noise which is why we like them. As for air output, they push quite a good bit of air for their size and have a very strong 3 speed motor. However, the air it pushes is kind of like a little jet as it just blows a area about the size of the fan but sends it a good way out. Wouldn’t cool a room but would definitely cool off whatever it’s pointing at.<br/><br/>Our fans are used every night and sometimes left on for days or weeks at a time. Usually have to replace them about every two years. Dust builds up and makes it where they won’t get going when turned on unless you push the blades with a knife or something. Seems sketchy at that point to keep using it so we just get a new one. Probably would last longer if the motor got blew out with some forced air every once and a while.<br/><br/>Overall we love this little fan and will keep getting them as needed.
 The fan itself was a excellent fan, quiet and moved a large amount of air. However, the single glaring flaw is that after a period of no more than 4-5 months it began rattling extremely loud. Every time the fan is switched on this rattling is apparent. At first, titling the fan to face upwards remediated the issue; however, the rattling is now not as responsive to positional regulation. Strangely enough after an initial period of running, the noise does seem to fade by perhaps 95% but only at certain angles and after around 5 minutes. I took the fan apart (removing the six screws) and cleaned it and oiled the metal shaft and the result was the same. I am very disappointed in the longevity of the product, as I have had many fans last more than a decade of strenuous use. I have been pleased with Honeywell thermostats and thought the quality of their fans would compare. Disappointed.
 I have been using this fan over a year and it is everything I wanted. It is perfect on my side table next to my bed. I sleep better with some moving air in the room and this is perfect for when it starts to get hot but not hot enough to turn on my air conditioning. My boyfriend and I always fight about the fan since he wants it pointed on him but I have it focused on me. Ha
 Good fan, powerful for size but that means it is also a bit loud on high settings. I bought this for use on my work desk to keep cool. The lowest setting is too strong for using 3 feet away, had to move to a table away from my desk.<br/><br/>Setting the fan speed can be annoying in that turning the knob usually results in the fan pivioting all the way back.  It seems the hinge isn't strong enough to hold the fan in one position while the fan speed button is rotated.  Its an annoyance, but easy to overcome by using two hands when changing speed.
 Ok, so I had this same fan for close to 13 years. I had it in High School, took it to College, and even shared it with my now Wife. It was an awesome fan that provided just the right amount of noise and circulation that would keep me asleep at night. I used it nearly every day for 13 years. Then it burnt up and wouldn’t even turn on. OK, so I figured I got my money’s worth – no biggie. I’ll just buy a new one. Ha, this new piece of crap is not built like the old models. Don’t get me wrong, it works just fine as a fan. But I need something that has a nice hum to it and won’t slowly inch upward while it is running. When the fan is on High it slowly notches upward towards the ceiling and then starts to rattle on the side table. Not cool. Also it makes a weird clinking noise when the air pressure in the room changes (like when the furnace kicks on or off, or you suddenly open a door). I was so excited to get this fan and hoped that it would last 13 years like my last one, but it’s not looking very promising for this China doll…<br/>In conclusion, if you need a simple quiet fan then this works great. If you want something for sleeping? This is not it.
 I bought this so I could get some air movement in my cubicle, as it always seems warm. It worked great and the adjustments on the speed were really useful from having a light breeze to a refreshing wind blast. I usually kept it on the floor and ran it almost continuously for at least a year. Starting around six months, I'd have to give it a nice bump to get it started after turning it off for the weekend so I ended up turning it off less and less. I came back from two weeks out and it was officially dead; no amount of bumps would restart it.<br/><br/>So while it worked, I liked it at a 5 star level (especially considering the price). Now that it's dead, I don't like it. Oh well.
 I bought this Honeywell fan to replace some cheap little metal fan that I swear was running 24/7 for 5 years at least, which is incredible; just to have it as white noise in the room and help circulate the A/C a bit. That old fan was surprisingly powerful and made some decent noise. The Honeywell HT-900 "TurboForce" not so much. Even on the highest setting it's almost inaudible and doesn't move much air unless you're a couple feet directly in front of it. It also doesn't tilt down at an angle (I have it sitting high up on a shelf above my bed) so I disassembled the base, made some fairly simple modifications, and now it can til down a bit.
 I love these little guys. In fact I have pointed at me 90% of the time when I'm at home. One near the couch, one near the bed, one in the office,and one that I can move around as needed. Kicks out a good amount of air. The last one I had ran basically 24 hours a day for 5 years before I decided it was easier to buy a new one then to clean it before a cross town move. I'm sure that they've paid for themselves many times over in lower A/C bills since moving to Los Angeles 3 years ago.
 I purchased two of these fans in February 2014.  Below is my original review of this product, where I couldn't praise it highly enough.  However, it is now June 2014, and the motor has already died on the one I used in my home office.  The most use this fan had was approximately 5 to 7 hours, at the lowest setting, for 5 to 6 days per week.  For a fan's motor to burn out in a scant four months is an incredible rip-off, particularly in light of the fact that I didn't even use it at the highest setting, or all day, every day.  I don't have much faith in the other fan lasting much longer, either, now that I've read other reviews that echo my experience with the fan motor burning out.  So I've changed my review from 5 to 2 stars; I'll still give it 2 stars for its sleek appearance and powerful output, but it's no bargain if it has to be replaced every few months.<br/><br/>-------------<br/>My bedroom ceiling is too low to support a ceiling fan without my running the risk of decapitation, so I bought one of these for use in there during the hot summer months.  Either my home or my body temperature (or probably both) is/are weird, so many times I'll find myself alternate between feeling hot and cold throughout the day/evening.  So I "borrowed" my bedroom fan to use in my home office.  Love it!  Loved it so much, in fact, that I had to buy another one for the bedroom so I could dedicate this one to use solely in the home office (ceiling too low in this room, also - in fact, the only room that can support a ceiling fan - and in which I installed one - is the living room).  I usually keep my TurboForce on the lowest of the three settings in the not-so-hot months and position it to blow directly on me, and that's enough to keep me cool.  But when it heats up this summer, I know I'll still stay comfortable because I have medium and high settings to keep the air circulating through the room.  It's small enough to be unobtrusive, yet it packs a punch - don't let its size fool you!  Highly recommended!
 Just received it and it inspired me to write about it fastest than anything else ever. Yeah, it's only a little overpriced fan, but boy oh boy what a fan of the fan I now am.<br/>Looks complimentary to most any decor, it's solid, quieter than any other, easy to clean and at 6 feet away -in the tropics- will make you an instant admirer even on the slowest speed. I'll admit having bought it thinking only about its lower power requirements running off inverters and generators during a storm and originally intended to keep it stashed away with the emergency supplies but I'm keeping it next to me now.<br/>I sure hope that the s never hits this fan, 'cause that'd be something...
 I think I got a lemon. This fan hesitates and runs slow for a while before it eventually picks up speed. Even then it seems to be sluggish. Should’ve returned it but I waited too long :/ I have another one, same exact model that blows fast as soon as it is turned on &amp; it’s a powerful little fan.
 Bought these to go behind my log burning freestanding stove to spread the hot air throughout my house . I get an additional 6 degs upstairs now which is fantastic free heat which also demonstrates the amount of air these will circulate. They are not as quite on high speed as I would have liked or lead to believe from other users but I guess this is relative. Certainly on low speed they are quite enough for my operation but I prefer the additional free heat and accept what people call "white noise." I run two of these at a time so the noise is exaggerated somewhat. The fact is you cant move a lot of air with a small fan diameter without some noise if you want quite then get a larger diameter fan.<br/><br/>I have not found the issue of them rotating like others and mine are running in a warm/hot environment so if this was going to be an issue I think  it would show up more. Great value and work well
 I sleep with a fan every night, on my bedside table. I consider myself a sort of fan connisseur. ;) This fan is just as good as any within its very fair price range. I like that it has three speed settings rather than two. It's a good size- not too big for my bedside table and not too small. There is no rattling or annoying residual sounds that might impede sleep, just the nice quiet hum that you'd be looking for if you like the white noise a fan provides. I'm awarding four stars instead of 5 because there was some serious off-gassing upon opening the packaging. I had to air it out outdoors for several hours before use. That's what you get for $15 though- cheap plastic. Other than that, no complaints.
 Bought this for white noise as much as air circulation. It handles air circulation in our smallish bedroom ok but isn’t noisy enough for me. Sounds silly, I know, but I need the noise and this one on high is still pretty quiet. We’ve had this fan for less than a year and will likely need to replace it in the next 3-4 months. We run it at night every night but turn it off during the day. I would have hoped it would hold up longer.
 I purchased this fan for a dorm room, and it works even better than I had hoped! The purpose it serves for me is get the air moving in my room, I have a top bunk, and unfortunately heat rises! This fan is perfect for the job because it is light and easy to move around, I can have it on high to cool off quick or I can leave it on low all through the night to keep the air moving.<br/><br/>It does indeed have three speeds, and the top speed is very powerful! Even though this is a smaller fan, it can make a breeze even in a larger room. The lowest speed is my favorite, it makes a light breeze which is perfect for my purposes.<br/><br/>Another great thing about this fan is that it makes a little bit of noise, but it is not an annoying noise s it makes a good white noise for sleeping. It is a little louder on the higher speeds but still not obnoxious.<br/><br/>The fan part is very maneuverable, it is easy to point it any direction by either facing it one way or pointing it up or down. Each level of up/down clicks into place so it stays in the position you put it. It's pretty light, so it's easy to carry around. It came well packaged, in it's own box with product details inside another box with bubble wrap. The product box is useful for storing the fan, it fits in easily with the cord. The cord is also a good length, probably between 5-6 feet long.<br/><br/>Only one downside, it does collect dust after several months, and it is rather tedious to clean. However, because it is black, the dust is not very obvious so you can only see it if you get really close to it. The  outside wipes clean very easily so that is a bonus.
 Fan broke after 4 months of use. I usually leave my fan running all day, but I've had fans that I do that with last for years. This one just stopped working suddenly.<br/><br/>There is a limited 1 year warranty, but you have to pay them $10 to have the fan replaced, plus cover shipping charges. Not exactly useful for a $15 fan.<br/><br/>Do not recommend.<br/><br/>Update: because the fan had such great reviews and is inexpensive, I decided to purchase another one hoping I just got a bad one the first time. The second one broke after 5 month exactly the same way. Horrible fan. Do not buy!
 Fan is a good size for desktop placement, the 3 different speeds seem pretty good with the slow setting offering a gentle airflow and the max setting providing some very good air movement. The power/speed adjustment switch is small and oddly placed in the back so you have to fidget with it to find it...if you look down on the fan its easy to access but when using it at eye level or if its placed higher, it will be a pain to use.
 This is a very nice, powerful fan.  My only complaint is the low/med/high switch is on the back...and since I have it facing me on my desk at work, I have to stand up and reach to turn it on.  I am turning it on and off a few times each day (for hot flashes).  So I don't think it's a design flaw at all...just a nuisance because of my frequent temperature change.
 Used to have the 800 series, sturdy little fan that ran almost non stop for 5 years, loved it. It finally stopped working, even after taking it apart and cleaning all the moving parts. Figured like anyone else, if the 800 series was great, why not the 900 series? The fans went from 0.80 amps to 0.60 amps, basic math tells me I lost 25% of my power. I'm swapping out the electrical coil later to get my 0.80 amps back, warranty swarmmaty. Plastic is thinner now also. Why? No reason to mess with something that worked great. New base is narrower, before I would scoot the fan around my room using my foot, new fan just falls over, fabulous. Again why change something that worked? Heard the new fan still has the annoying habit of slipping the first horizontal setting and pointing up, this hasn't happened yet, also not holding my breath either. New fan electrical plug also has the new safety fuse in the plug....nope, no thanks, don't need one more thing to fix to make the fan work. Guess it's time to reuse the old fan cable. On the box it cam in it advertises itself "Turbo FORCE Power, now 25% Quieter".....duh, cause it's 25% weaker. At least they got rid of the two random star drive screws holding the shroud together on the old fan, threw those as far away as possible when I took the old one apart to clean it out. Why would this ever be a great design idea. Awesome! I need TWO tools to take this apart, BRILLIANT! In my opinion this fan went from great to meh...Will I keep buying the newer fans?...only as long as the new electrical rotor with the fan blades continues to fit into my older MORE POWERFUL fan. Thanks Katz...for nothing.
 I bought this fan in June of 2014 and it has run constantly ever since. The only times I have ever shut it off are to disassemble it for cleaning. Other than that, it has run quite literally 24/7 for the last three years. In the summer it's a good window fan, equally adept at intake or exhaust. In the winter, it works excellently to draw heat away from the electric baseboard heating and blow it into the room. It also works well as auxiliary computer cooling. It does make a bit of noise on the highest setting, but it moves enough air when turned up that you can definitely feel it twelve or fifteen feet away. As stated before, it has run without cease for the last three years and still works just about as well as the day it first arrived. It's developed a little bit of a vibration noise, but it's not overwhelming and it doesn't impact the amount of air moved. Unless you somehow get a defective one (it's not impossible in the realm of mass production), this will be one of the best - if not the best - fans you can spend your money on.
 Have to say that I am fascinated by both the ubiquity of these fans, and the aura of mystery that surrounds them on the internet.  Not the reason why I bought one, but I must admit it was a factor.<br/><br/>I chose the white model.  This was not because I preferred the color (I could care less) but white was the color that was on clearance at Target, AND there was an internet rumor which I was sucked into, about the white models having better specs.  I took a picture of the little label on the bottom of the fan with the full model number and specs, and will upload it to this review.  I purchased this fan on 8/20/16.  If you bought the black version around that time, take a look at my picture and see if your specs are the same or different;  Then you can comment on this review if you want, to help perpetuate or dispel the myth.  Electricity wise my white one is 60Hz, 0.6A.  More details in the picture.<br/><br/>As for old .vs new, time will tell when mine dies out, and I will update this review when it does.  One thing I can tell you right now is that others have experienced the fan not holding in place while running (i.e. tilting upward).  I have not had this issue with mine thus far.<br/><br/>Is this fan as good or better comfort-wise than an old school 12" Oscillating Fan?  Of course not.  My old 12" oscillating fan blew air in such a way that was so relaxing, that it made me feel like there were Asian Princesses fanning the sweat off of my morbidly obese body while I slept.  I know what you are thinking: Why did you replace your old fan then Aggie?  I will tell you why.<br/>#1 Reason- My old oscillating fan would occasionally make obnoxious noises on the leftward oscillation, which in turn would wake me from a pristine sleep, and make me realize that the wind was not coming from princesses at all!<br/>#2 Reason- If you don't have a basement full of shelving units, have you ever tried to store an oscillating fan?  Well it isn't fun.  Oscillators are an awkward shape, and they gathers dust in the off season if you don't cover them up just right.  With my new Honeywell, I simply slip it back into the box it came in, toss it onto a small shelf in the closet, and I am done &lt;5 minutes later.<br/><br/>Gosh, I think my rambling review produced more long-wind than the projected life expectancy of these popular little fans.  If you have made it this far, I apologize for taking so much of your time.  Bottom line is that these are good fans for how little space they take up on your table, or on your shelf when you are storing them in the off-season.  Added bonus is that the Honeywell is easily wall mountable, with the built in screw-mounts on the base.
 Pretty good. Small and moves air. Not too loud when used on high but you would probably use that speed for a short period of time anyway. HOWEVER, it does start to lose performance in about a month. The performance I'm referring to is the speed when initially turning on. I have to face mine down sometimes and off she goes (weird but ya)
 In order to be listed as "on sale," this fan shows a list price of ~$30 but an actual price of ~$10. Don't be fooled, this product is most certainly ~$10 and you should look elsewhere if it isn't hovering around that price.<br/><br/>This is a great fan to use in the summer. I keep mine on probably way too often when its hot out, but it has yet to fail me. Even the low setting has a decent breeze without much sound while I typically prefer the medium setting for a good blend of airflow without too much sound. The highest setting will give you a ton of airflow, but also a ton of sound to go with it which is why I typically choose medium.
 Not exactly "turboforce".  The <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Honeywell-HT-900-TurboForce-Air-Circulator-Fan/dp/B001R1RXUG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Honeywell HT-900 TurboForce Air Circulator Fan</a> has three settings plus off, easily rotateable 90°.  The fan can be wall mounted with built-in mounting hooks.  Good long power supply.<br/><br/>My problem is, the fan just doesn't perform up to the standard of "turboforce".  There is airflow, yes, but I could get more power from just about any other fan, even an air purifier, than I do from this fan.  I think if I had the chance to go back, I'd have paid double for the HT-908; there is a reason the HT-900 is substantially less, and that is substantially less air movement.
 I do love this little fan! It was a tough choice between this fan or replacing my previous fan with the same model that finally wore out. It had worked well for at least 10 years, so I was thinking I would just buy the same again. However, because of the reviews I read here on Amazon (I think they are such a great tool in making purchase decisions!!! Thank you, Amazon!), I decided to give this little Honeywell fan a go, and I really think it's fantastic. It is so darn quiet, it stays in place when running on high speed, makes a great amount of air flow, will be simple to disassemble for cleaning, and the price was very reasonable! You won't go wrong if you chose this fan.
 This is a workhorse fan! I bought it over 6 months ago, and it has ran every day since. I use it to cool a computer tower...it sits right beside the open case wall and shoots cooling air in over the motherboard and GPU. I use the Speedfan program to monitor temperatures, and the fan does have an impact.<br/><br/>On the Level 1 and 2 settings, I've found it perfectly quiet. I typically have it on Level 2. On Level 3 it does get louder, but what do you expect?<br/><br/>Great value and durability.
 Unless I have it sitting right in front of me on a table, I'd become underwhelmed by the Lasko Personal Fan (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000QR6VXW/). However, I still wanted something that would be powerful, quiet, portable, &amp; affordable. The Honeywell does all of these things in spades.<br/><br/>It is only slightly larger in size (mostly because of the shroud around the blades to improve airflow efficiency), has 3 speed settings, &amp; a more powerful motor than the Lasko too. For less than $1 more.<br/><br/>And how much more powerful? The lowest setting on the Honeywell moves considerably more air than the Lasko on its high setting. I can now set the Honeywell fan further away from me &amp; be just as cool. I know there are some complaints about the noise, but I disagree. On high it generates a reasonable amount of ambient noise, but HOLY COW does it move a lot of air for such a small fan! At the lowest speed since I can have it further away, it's at least as quiet as the Lasko.<br/><br/>Also, some previous reviewers have complained of the fan not staying pointed in the desired direction. They appear to have solved that with a position locking mechanism on both sides of the base. The fan has several angles where it clicks into place when adjusting the angle. While I didn't count the number of notches it will lock the fan into, there does seem to be enough that it should satisfy all but the most finicky.<br/><br/>Perhaps my one complaint about the Honeywell is that it doesn't come apart (not at first blush anyway) to clean out any trapped dust. I can easily take off the front cover &amp; blade on the Lasko to wash any dust off (leaving me to wipe down only the back of the fan). Meanwhile, it looks like I have little choice than using compressed air to remove dust on the Honeywell from time to time.<br/><br/>So if you want a fan-like decoration for your desk, get the Lasko. If you want a fan to move some air &amp; keep you cool, the Honeywell is your fan.
 I don’t think I’ve turned this off since I received it. When the temp drops below 50, I put this fan in my window so it can suck the cool air in. The rest of the time, it sits in front of the air conditioners blowing cool air in my direction. This does a nice job, and is even quieter than the clock it sits beside. I vacuum it every couple months, and it just does its job. I remember paying less than $10 for it. For the money, it was an incredible purchase!
 So far so good. I just moved into a room in the middle of summer and there is no air con. At first I was a little unsatisfied. But then I actually turned it up to the highest setting and I am much cooler. It does make some noise but my mini fridge is even louder (and annoying). It helps to balance out the sound. I like that it can be tilted so much because I can put it on the floor, on a table/desk, in the window, etc. It also has a pretty slim profile so it doesn't take up too much space. The cord is also longer than I expected it to be, which is a plus. I hate when you have to plug something in right in front of the plug and you can't move it around to get a good angle. I had no problems with this one. I think my room is around 12'x12' and it cools is adequately. I'm not sure about a larger room though. Might have to switch up the arrangements for that.
 It's been a very hot summer here in the northeast and the air conditioning in my apt. works very poorly so I was in search for a compact size fan that would provide solid cooling and air circulation.  This fan totally fits the bill.  Even at the lowest setting the circulated air put forth is steady, strong and comforting.  I found the base to be perfectly fine and whatever speed I used the fan stayed solidly in place.  Also when moved to each pivot position the fan firmly locked in place.  I had no issue of the fan tilting or falling over.  But I did find that the sides of the base that attach to the fan are not very sturdy.  They are fine when the fan is in use and no problems occurred due to this fact but when moving the fan or even just changing the speed you must hold the fan firmly in place, strongly recommended to hold it by the handle on the top, or else the fan will wobble and possibly get some damage.  Handling it with care I have found the fan to be very reliable and it is certainly giving me much comfort during this hot season.
 Worked well for about a year.  I use mine at my desk cubicle at work since it always seems to be hot in the office no matter what time of the year.  I only use it twice a week on the days I go into the office as I work from home the other three days.  Disappointed that considering for rare use the motor seems to be going out only a little after a year.  I have to "help" the blade get going when I first turn it on, otherwise it doesn't spin which I find annoying.  Not sure if this is a design flaw with the newest model.  I have been buying these fans since the late 90's because they were an excellent value with air flow at a low price, but the quality seems to have dropped over the years.  In comparison, I had a no-name brand fan that I bought for under $10 at Home Depot and it lasted over three years before it went.  This fan was it's replacement but just didn't last.  Likely will not buy another Honeywell fan unless I see reviews that are not mentioning the fan not working after a year.
 We already have one of these and have used it for years.....all night long.....every night. And still going strong. Needed a 2nd one for the spare bedroom. Unfortunately they have "improved" the fan by reducing the noise some. For us, not an improvement because the white noise sound was one of the benefits of the fan. However, it does still make enough noise to work in the spare bedroom. I don't know that it would make enough noise in my son's room though. But as for the fan --- still amazing quality and very durable just like before!
 We have a bunch of these fans all over our house. We sleep with them on as they provide the perfect ambient noise levels and sounds. We use them in the workshop for dust, we use them to dry paint and other applications. They work great and couldn't pass up the sale price when I saw it.<br/><br/>However, they don't last that long. Granted ours are on all the time in many of our rooms, but they eventually start sounding like metal is rubbing and WD-40 doesn't do the trick. But for the low cost, they're a must have.
 I have purchased and several of these, and will buy again, but there's the rub. The motor, which is not  that powerful to begin with, only lasts about a year if you run the unit more than a few hours a day, for example most of the night. as I do. First you notice it starts  to lose power, and, then it just stops working.  Note also, that while some fans that look like this one are quite powerful, this one is only moderate, even on the highest setting. Still, for the price, I'm fine with the short lifespan. However, if you really want a powerful compact fan, this is not the best choice. You'd want to spend more for a more robustly engineered product, like a Vornado.
 The most pathetic fan ever!!! I turned in on the 'high' setting &amp; immediately thought that it was defective. I could EXHALE harder than this thing moves air. It's hard to imagine anyone having a use for a fan that is this weak~ WILL NEVER BUY A HOLEYWELL PRODUCT AGAIN!
 This fan pushes a lot of wind for its size.  It's not silent, but it's not what I would call loud either.  It has a hum to it that gets a little more noticeable on the medium and high settings.  I keep it on a night stand about 10 feet from my bed and use the medium setting for a cool breeze while I sleep.  I bought this fan to replace the same model from 4 years ago. That fan developed a squeak to it, but after 4 years of daily use, I still consider it a great deal. I'll try and figure out where to lubricate the old one, and move it to the work shop since it still functions.  If this info was helpful, please click "Yes" below. Thanks!
 Um I thought I read from a top reviewer that they didn't like this model (the HT-900) because it was unable to be opened to clean? They are wrong. In the back are 4 Phillips head screws that can come out with a thin screw driver. It even says that in the instructions.  It is very powerful and I don't noticed the other issue I was reading  from reviewers with it tipping. The base is plenty wide to support it and it can tilt blowing straight out to completely to the ceiling. As for noise that is so subjective. It is white noise to me, On high you definitely hear it but sounds like a fan on high. If you want quiet it would not be the fan for you.  I bought two as we are in a major heat wave here in Socal with no air conditioning.  My only issue is I went back to buy another and the price is double!!! Haha supply and demand I guess.
 I have purchased this same model a couple times over the years purely because of the inexpensive price-point. I bought the first one maybe 2 years ago after about 6 months, the motor slowly started to die to the point where I'd power on the fan and it would take upwards to 60 seconds to eventually rev up the motor and begin working, The second is still working like a champ with no discernible problems. The 3rd one, I just bought about a month during this southern California heat wave and this one seems to have some mechanical issue where it is much louder than the previous 2 that I've bought. It does the job but it's just noisier than the others. Overall, if you want a cheap fan to do the job, this fan does it, just quality seems to vary from fan to fan.
 I had purchased this fan to replace my desk fan at work that had gone out and it could be used as a desk fan, but it so powerful I would freeze out my co-workers if I did even on the lowest setting.<br/><br/>I am going to use this is my living room to replace a large box fan I usually us as it this fan is smaller, had a sleek design and cools my living room just as well.  I chose the black fan, but they also sell the fan in white.<br/><br/>The fan has 3 speeds (High, Medium and Low and generates a calming white noise it the background but is not too loud. It also pivots if you want to tilt it up or down in a specific direction.
 My fan came broken so I had to get a refund but I ordered this Same one off the German amazon. It's amazing at keeping me cool. It has to be about 80 degrees and up before I turn it on to number 2 or 3. It's lightweight and small so I can take it from room to room with no issue. It's harder than regular fans to get tiny fingers into and it's cheap which is my favorite part. Will order more for this summer as we don't have AC and have to keep cool.
 Initially this fan is nice, quite, and cheap. I have owned several and the same thing starts to happen,  the fan is quite and silent especially for the airflow output, but then it grows a louder and you can hear the speeds start cycling then it dies.  Careful cleaning of the blades of dust doesn't stop this from happening. I could speculate on what design flaw would cause this, but the main question is if I would have been better off just paying more for a fan that doesn't require regular replacement.
 We use this as white noise at night while we sleep. Also my husband, who sleeps closer to it, enjoys the nice breeze it supplies. I'm a chilly person and do my best to hide from that.<br/><br/>My husband complains about the switch being on the top, since he's the one who has to lean out of bed and over-extend his arm to reach. I don't know that this is a valid complaint, since it's so specific to us, and not indicative of the fan's value. Also it's his complaint not mine, so it's really not colouring my review at all. Just throwing it out there for the three other couples in the US with the exact same sleeping preferences and arrangement.<br/><br/>We appreciate that there are several levels of power, and that it's a pretty appliance. Good tilting positioning. All good things to say about this guy.
 Loud humming/grinding noise the first time I plugged it in. I shook it around, tapped on it, tried all 3 settings, adjusted the angle, no luck. I guess I will buy another locally since it would be easier to return if they all do this, since it would cost about the price of the fan to ship it back to Amazon for a replacement. In the trash it goes!
 Moves a decent amount of air considering the price, and the small amount of sound it makes. I did find that it was making vibration sounds on occasion. I was able to fix this problem by flipping the fan upside down, and resting it on the "body" of the fan, instead of on the stand. Now the stand sticks out the back, and the "Honeywell" logo on the front is upside down, but it makes no more vibration noises. Great little fan for the price.
 Had it for about a month. For it's size, it moves air quite well.<br/><br/>Reason for only 2 stars? Since day one, there's been a constant  rattling type noise that gets worse with each speed level up. It's only gotten louder since. Tried oiling the shaft with some super lube and it made a slight difference however, didn't last. I'm suspecting either the fan, shaft or something else is unbalamced. Either way, it's beyond my expertise to troubleshoot and fix. Maybe I got a bad one..I do not know. Overall, sounds annoying in a bedroom, maybe it'll be better for use in a garage. I would not purchase again.
 I live in central FL and keep succulents in my screened-in apartment patio. Needless to say it gets VERY humid out there. I wanted to get some air circulation going, so I bought the 11 inch version of this fan and it's made a noticeable difference. I run it during the day and it's a lot better out there. I have a hammock out there that basically felt kind of damp all the time, and now it's nice and dry. Highly recommend it, great value for the price. I might buy a second one as a backup.
 Pretty good value for the money if you blow it straight at yourself as I can't imagine that it's intended to be much of a full-room circulator since the effective airflow width is maybe 2-2.5' at a distance of 7' away. Think of this as a targeted blower, rather than a general-purpose room-cooler/circulator. I purchased 2x of these (HT-900s, the 11-inchers), interestingly with different noise profiles (one was slightly softer in characteristics and one made a bit more mechanical motor noise), so I'm betting that the QC is just high enough to get them relatively consistent but not enough to drive costs up. One of them just died the other day (a couple weeks shy of 2-years) and the other one is still chugging, so I suppose for that little money it's ok.<br/><br/>Know this, however: I looked at the warranty (linked below, 1-yr limited) and it requires a $10 USD check included along with pre-paid shipping, which will easily run you over the cost of a new fan, possibly even the 15-inch model (@$23 currently) if you wanted to return it, so basically the warranty is worthless and likely even sucks money out of your pocket compared to buying another fan. Depending on whether you're a cynic or not, you may see this as an implicit statement that to get the price down far enough they basically make you take a gamble on the fans or you may think that it's just stupid to even have a warranty if it doesn't protect you from any of the costs of a dud.
 This fan moves a whole lot of air.  I purchased this for my cubicle at work thinking it would be quiet yet move enough air to make me survive the heated end of day.  Turns out this fan was a bit louder than i would have liked.  I ended up placing this fan beside my bed on the floor pointing up at my.  I love this for my bedroom.  On low it still pushes a ton of air.  On high it would push the air across a large room quite nicely.<br/><br/>In conclusion, I love this fan for home use, but was just too loud and too powerful for my cubicle at the office.<br/>The cone shape does help to quiet the fan, but it still has a deep hum sound because of the large power.<br/><br/>Hope this helps
 I cannot believe how well this fan works for how little I paid. Works better than my tower fans to circulate air in my awkwardly set up apartment. Helps get cooler air from my wall air conditioner into bedrooms and bathrooms to cool them down. I have also used it in my bedroom all night on multiple occasions to keep cooler - the lower settings are very quiet and still powerful enough to cool me down a bit. For next summer I'm thinking of buying 2 more and getting rid of my tower fans completely!
 This fan moves quite a bit of air and isn’t too loud. I use one in my spare room next to the vent and it circulates the air throughout to where I don’t need to use the furnace as much. Also works perfect for a grow room/green house because it can be mounted to the wall with a screw into the stud or using a bolt with a washer and nut if one were to mount it to a board.
 Awesome fan. Small but puts out a lot of air. I do not have air conditioning in my room, and it makes it bearable to sleep in the summer. That being said, it is very close to my head when I sleep. I would not recommend this for a living room, or large room in general. It works great in my medium sized bedroom.
 This is a great little fan that produces a good wind stream and is not very noisy. We bought it four months ago<br/>and it runs pretty much 24 hours daily. It stays in place, not like some that dance around with the vibration. It<br/>has some directional turns, and of course you can move the whole fan in any direction. It is light weight, but<br/>sturdy enough not to fall over. The black is a good shine. The only reason for the four stars is that it is relatively<br/>hard to clean, and with 2 cats and 3 dogs, our house has a lot of dust and fur. If the fan would come apart a little<br/>more easily to clean, it would be the best ever.
 "Turbo force"?? HAHAHAHA.<br/>You want to know why this fan is so quiet? No air is generated from this fan. None. Seriously, I put it on the highest of the 3 settings and laughed. It's about as effective as someone standing in front of you breathing on you. Do NOT waste your money on this hunk of plastic.
 The motor on this thing is a little under powered. I would expect that the high setting be medium and also you can't point the fan down which is what I needed to force air through my gas fireplace that doesn't have a recirculating fan. I had to take it apart and modify the mounts by drilling some holes to get it to point down.. not great.. I mean it points straight up so why not a little bit down past straight forward.. also it has a bad center of gravity the base is not great for the fan. Its an ok fan and it works pretty much but it could be a lot better with slight modification.
 For the price, it seems pretty solid. I have it set on my desk next to me at work since I have no influence on the cooling in the building. Any trips outside between April and September in Alabama get pretty toasty. I often have this running for a while when I come in to cool off. I think it's been pretty effective.<br/><br/>I would have given it 5 stars if the power settings went:<br/>OFF-LOW-MED-HIGH<br/><br/>Instead they are:<br/>OFF-HIGH-MED-LOW<br/><br/>I can't really think of anything that starts at full power when you first turn it on... then winding down the further you go. Even more strange is going in the other direction. If I have it set to the lowest setting and want to turn it off, I first have to crank up the intensity. That makes no sense.
 I've been using these fans for years and just bought one for my baby's room. I have just one strange complaint--they have made it "25% quieter," but I have always loved these fans for white noise. Wish it was noisier again!
 Quick, on time delivery. This honeywell turbo force fan, just did not make the cut.  It is a very quiet fan; however, there is very little air coming from the fan and is not for cooling a room of any kind really.  It would be ok as a fan to have on ur desk to cool you off directly, but defintely not strong enough for anything else.  It also stopped working with 6 months of purchase, so I cannot recommend this fan.
 I know this is a small fan but I was very surprised at how low the output it. I bought it to use in my home gym. Even on the highest setting on a bookcase 3 or 4 feet from my face when I'm on the treadmill, the output is marginal. I'm already looking to replace it with something more powerful.<br/><br/>Bottom line: this might be useful next to a bed at night but not for much else.
 Did not last the summer.  Warranty wants you to ship to them and wants 10 more bucks for shipping back!!!  Hmm, thought I just wanted a working fan not a shipping lesson.<br/><br/>Don't buy this fan if you expect it to work.  Also, you should promise to leave a review when you turn it off and it NEVER starts again.
 I had one of these exact fans about 8 years ago and left it under my desk for work.  (unfortunately, I left it there and didn't take it with me when I quit the company.)<br/><br/>But these are powerful and fairly quiet.  If one is putting this in their bedroom and a light sleeper, it may not be good ... but it is probably one of the most quiet when I compared it to other products.  Luckily, I am not a light sleeper and circulates the air quite well.  I don't have children nor animals, but my guess is that this would be pretty safe around either.  It would be difficult for an animal's tail to get through the sturdy plastic front.  But with children, if it's not solid plastic, one must always be careful at all times.<br/><br/>I like the fan.  It's small, lightweight, yet sturdy. Definitely high quality for the price.
 My new job has me in a large office building and I quickly realized that air just doesn't move much around here. That being said, the only solution was a fan. My biggest concern was noise, as I'm in Cubeland. I'm happy to report that the Honeywell is Cubeland certified quiet. I keep it on the lowest setting on the floor, pointed up at me and it keeps me cool. If you turn it on high you will be surprised at the airflow, it rivals much larger fans.<br/><br/>If you are looking for a small fan (approx. 10 inch wide x 8 inch high, measured with a dollar bill), then look no further. I no longer have to worry about building management keeping me cool in the summer, Honeywell has taken care of it. I await winter to see if I will need my own heat source though, time will tell.
 Let me begin by saying I'm returning this product for the exact reason that it's actually great. I bought this for my husband because he needs a fan in order to fall asleep. If there is no sound or noise his ears will ring till they drive him crazy. This fan however, was so quiet it did not work for him. Its small, compact, very nice air flow and just works great overall! Unfortunately when he opened the box he said "why would you get me a fan that says '25% quieter'"... Anyways, if a QUIET fan is what youre looking for, this is your guy .. if yiure looking for a noisy fan to help you sleep you will have to look elsewhere.
 Moves air efficiently, but even better for me it makes the perfect smooth droning noise for deep sleep when set at medium speed.  At this price point it doesn't have permanently lubricated sleeve bearings in the motor, which I expected and did not deduct a star for.  Every couple of weeks or so I use a zoom spout oiler inserted through ventilation openings to put a drop on the front and rear bearings, just to make sure it doesn't seize.  Been doing that always with every cheap fan I've owned, and they lasted until the plastic parts fell apart.  This one, BTW, seems to have better than average plastic and design.
 Had another Honeywell fan for years that finally broke. Replaced it with this one but unfortunately it was not as powerful as I had hoped. This fan is pretty useless unless it is on the highest fan setting and even that is probably the low or medium setting on other more powerful fans.<br/><br/>But with that being said, it doesn't really bother me to always have it on high and it works. So 4 stars.
 This little fan moves air. I keep it pointed upward and it circulates the air from my A/C unit around my apartment.  So far I haven't even had a need for medium or high, it does the job on the lowest setting.  It's steady on the floor or a table.  Occasionally when I come in from the summer heat I like to cool down with air directly hitting me, but this little guy is so powerful I keep it 10 feet away for that purpose.  I really like it and the price was right.
 I love this fan...when I got it in the mail I was surprised at how big it was...you can’t beat the price for this size and quality...I bought this to place behind my computer as an extra way to keep it cool and boy does it do that and more...I have it on low and not only does it cool my computer and has a nice breeze on me as well. I would recommend this for sure
 ships fast, able to take a beating, base is solid enough to bolt to a wall or other surface after which it can be angled anywhere and most of all... used these on saltwater aquariums and the salt spray didn't kill them. Which is a first for a cheap fan in over 10 years of abusing fans by placing them inside the stands of saltwater aquariums. So I guess if you don't buy cheap fans at drug stores and walmart you can actually get them to work more than 3 months! I'm guessing Honeywell engineers actually know what they are doing.
 I use this in a guest room that doesn’t get great AC circulation. It’s so quiet, I sometimes don’t even realize it’s on until I walk past it. You can install it on ceiling to keep it off the floor, if you prefer, but I like to move mine from room to room (I live in Florida, so it’s hot). It’s super light. Glad I purchased it. The price was right!
 1st fan wouldn't run at full power and would increase or decrease speed at random.  Ordered a replacement and found the second fan would turn off devices that were plugged into the same outlet when switched on and off!  I first noticed this when I turned the fan on and a light plugged into the same double outlet turned off then on.  I tried the fan with different devices in different outlets and had the same result.  Shame because I liked the design and power of this second fan.  (which I had to return as well)
 The fan surely does its job for a great price.  I needed it because I'm always hot when I get to my desk after working out - feels amazing.  However, I have 3 issues with it:<br/><br/>1.  It has three speed settings, but the lowest setting isn't low enough.  I'm frequently just a little hot, and the lowest setting makes me cold.  It's not much lower than the highest setting, so I never use the medium setting.<br/>2.  The knob to turn it on/off and adjust the speed setting is in an awkward position.  Not too big of a deal, but it's uncomfortable.<br/>3.  It states that it is quiet, but it still produces enough noise that I have a hard time hearing coworkers in adjacent cubicles.. Their fans are much quieter.<br/><br/>Overall, for the price, it's not a bad deal.
 This is a great little fan. I use it along with this basket https://www.amazon.com/dp/B000I9OF6I/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_6 to catch annoying mosquitoes on my patio. I had a bad mosquito problem in a cat house on my back patio. This works great to catch the bugs. It is mounted near the top corner where the mosquitos gathered. I used the soft part of wide Velcro to cushion and seal the basket and I used small bungee cords to hold it in place on the fan.
 I use this for a white noise fan. It has a pretty steady hum. Under normal circumstances this fan would be perfect! But being my neighbors are inconsiderate I need the loud hum of a fan. I use 2 and it still does not cover their noise. But like i said under normal circumstances this fan would be amazing. I really like it.
 This fan definitely has a good air flow, but serious design flaws. The power switch is a total pain, you have to turn the fan around to be able to put switch where you want it comfortably. Major flaw is system they use for raising and lowering fan, instead of being able to just point it high or low depending on need, you are only able to put it in a few locking spots. Clicks in place, up or down, but lock spots are too few and too far apart, very annoying. Otherwise, so far so good, but next time I'll go back to a nice regulsr put it shere you want it number.
 Its small enough to be a desk fan but big enough to have some serious power. You could fly a kite with the wind this fan puts out. It's the most popular fan at my work place. Something recently went wrong with my works AC/heating and it was 81 degrees in the office. This fan saved me.  I bought a 2nd one to put on the floor on the other side of me so i can create a tornado in my cubicle.
 Actually makes it cold enough at night that we turn one off and keep one on whereas before we died of heat. These fans (we ordered two) mice the air and are great for our room that attracts rising heat from the room below us, and gets toasty warm as it is a corner room perfectly lining up to where the sun sets. All of these factors made the room hotter than outside. But the fans work tremendously to bringing that temperature down. Considering ordering another for a different room.
 I had a Honeywell fan exactly like this for the past 10+ years and it finally died so I ordered this as a replacement. I don't know what the problem was with "noise" on the earlier version but the box on this one stated "25% less noise". Well it's more like 2/3rds less noise, less power, less air flow. I am really quite disappointed. The "high" speed setting on this new version is the same as, or possibly even slightly slower than the "low" speed setting on the older version.<br/><br/>I will be shopping for another fan now....
 For a small fan this ones actually pretty good. I kinda got it mostly for the white noise factor while I sleep since our old fan stopped working. This new fan is really really quiet which is kinda nice but i wanted the noise factor a little more. It also doesn't have very high settings. On high feels like medium and low feels like nothing.
 Well it does what a fan is supposed to do, move air.<br/>However, the control switch is mounted so far off center line of the hinge points the fan rotates upward if ANY downward pressure is applied when turning the switch. The switch is rounded so some downward pressure is required.<br/>Frustrating at best, to have the fan rotate like that.<br/>Usable as is just  could have been designed better, more friction in the hinge points, move the switch closer to the center line of the hinge points, or make the switch knob so its not rounded on the top.
 These fans are fantastic! i bought this one to replace the same one at work which had become bit loud. I keep it under my cubical, and this newer model is soooo quiet! plus, even the older one, it moves a ton of air. I live in a sub-tropical climate, and its always humid here so this cools me off when back from lunch and especially on Monday morning when the building air has been off all weekend. Love these fans, highly recommend. i've had my previous unit for over 5 years and still use it at home where noise isn't a factor. I expect to get many years of service from this new one, too. I've tried those blade fans and they cant even compare. You won't regret spending your money on this unit.
 I had a desk fan that was terrible.  It was a "chillout" model and didn't hardly blow any air.  This thing has 3 different settings and works fantastic.  I am someone that prefers to be kept cool with a slight breeze on me.  This fan is PERFECT for that on a desk.<br/><br/>A little big but not an issue for me or my desk.
 Bought so we don't have to put a window AC in our lower living room. Also the ceiling is too low to put a fan in the ceiling. I bought this so we could have the air circulation. My husband said it's great when you are downstairs on the couch. And I've noticed a difference in temperature just from walking up and down the stairs. Also it's quiet enough that I don't even notice it, but if it were in my bedroom and I was having trouble sleeping the noise would be like a clock ticking and drive me nuts.
 Very happy with this product. This is a really nice and well made fan. Would be great on a desk, kitchen counter or even a night stand which is what I use it for. It is powerful and puts out quite a bit of air. In fact I keep it on low and it does the job of keeping me cool very nicely, It is not loud and noisy. It does swivel upward but not down as far as I would like but it is not a problem. The speed control knob is at the back of the fan and I really wish it would have been at the top of the fan for easier reach but it's not a major problem either. It is an all around great fan and at a great price.
 After moving into an apartment with poor airflow just over 3 months ago I bought one of these, and for 3 months it has been running nonstop without any issues to date.  It can't be drawing too much power either as our energy bill has been as low as $32 total on any given month with primary AC/fan and a desktop computer running, and the amount of airflow that it generates is excellent considering it creates very little background noise.  You can get a metal fan that puts out a lot more airflow, but you'll think you're living in a wind tunnel by the sound of it if you do.<br/><br/>After the summer heat was in full swing it was an easy decision to order another one of these.  I couldn't think of a single complaint.
 We own several of these fans and they do the job. They're quiet and safe to operate. The plastic guard around the front and back of the whole fan protects our pets from placing their curious paws inside the fan. It is stable and very hard to tip over. The fan is adjustable so you can direct the airflow up or down to where you want it. We like them a lot.
 We're on our fourth or fifth fan like this, but that's after having one in each of our bedrooms running day and night for the last seven years. And even running 24/7, they've lasted at least two years, in our experience. They aren't too loud - we'd probably be happier if they were just a little bit louder even - but they provide a nice white noise for sleeping. And they can put out a good amount of air for such small fans. Great product.
 Bought this for the baby's room and our narrow windows since we don't have AC. It is fairly quiet, moves air well and does fit in our one foot wide open window. The base is solid and an odd wide shape so it won't sit flat on the sill but is not so unstable that I'm worried about it falling. The speed adjustment dial is a little hard to reach on the back of the unit but we just hooked it up to a wireless remote outlet. For the cost I am considering purchasing more for the rest of the house.
 These fans work really well. We have one for a bedroom that has poor air circulation, and the kids' use them in their bunks at camp. I feel badly about this from an environmental perspective -  But, instead of shipping them back and forth, it is actually cheaper and easier to just buy one of these fans of these each year for my kids' camp, have it shipped there (Prime) and just abandon it at the end of the season.  I've bought 4 over the last several years, and I will buy more.
 \Honeywell TurboForce Fan, HT-900<br/>I’ve been buying the older version of these fans for years and now I’m buying these that have wider fan speeds. Yes they are a bit slower on high speed than the older ones, but that is better for my wants. I like having a slower slow along with a good medium and high speed, and it’s quieter, a big plus for me. I see that some other folks do like the old higher output fans with all the noise that goes along with it. Some folks miss the high volume white-noise. Hmmm.<br/>This fan has two nail/screw ports on the back instead of the old one-hole port. This makes it harder to hang on the wall or ceiling, but it makes the anchor system sturdier.<br/>The reason I buy one of these almost every year is because I use them mostly throughout the year to circulate heat in the winter or to cool my old bones when needed, and they won’t last much longer than a year before the bearings go out. I sometimes get a few extra months use if I periodically oil the bearings. Modern fans don’t make this easy, but it does work even when they all claim that the bearings are permanently sealed. Just buy the little oiler that has the pull-out clear hose that you can work down to the front and middle bearings through the fan grill housing. You usually can’t get to the rear bearings. On most fans you can also take the front frill off to oil the bearings. Some have tamper proof screws, but everyone should have tamper proof screw drivers for tamper proof screws. It’s that kind of world... This fan has only Phillip head screws that are easy to remove so it’s easy to do your oiling and cleaning. Quick and easy. Good fan for the money!
 I bought two of these a year ago, they both got about the same usage and they're both still working fine. It doesn't hurt to clean them with an air duster occasionally. But make sure it's off, otherwise you'll just get dust all over the place. Or do it outside, or out the window and make sure the window is open though or you'll get a dirty windowsill, which I found out.
 The fan has arrived for almost 3 weeks. I can tell it has a few 'modes': 1) normal mode which works perfectly as you expected. 10% of time. 2) abrasion mode which some part of the fan is making noise when rotating. Can be temporarily 'fixed' when patting, like you do on the old tv. 80% of time 3) shaking mode when the fan kind of shakes because of vibration at a special frequency. 10% of time.<br/>Well I guess at $10 with fast delivery, you can't ask too much.
 I don't usually write reviews, but this product was so disappointing I feel like I have to. Honeywell is supposed to be a reliable fan brand. But after only 2 months of owning this fan, and only using it a few times a week, this fan completely died. Unfortunately I am just outside the return window-- so there is no way to exchange it on Amazon. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME on this product. Or at least buy them directly from the vendor because this batch seems to be defective.
 I got two of these (wife and I) to keep at work under my desk. I work in a manufacturing facility with a shop with no air conditioning, so during the summer I want something to keep me cool at my desk when I come back into the office. This is small enough to not take up much foot room, and quiet enough not to disturb anyone. On the lowest speed it's only slightly louder than the fans on my high end desktop (engineer), so you barely even notice it's on.
 This fan has gone through a lot of abuse and has gotten me through a particularly brutal summer where I pretty much had it running 24/7. It's a little loud, but not obnoxious. I actually miss the drone of this fan now that it's gotten colder, it helped to block out other distracting sounds. It cools down my bedroom within minutes, and it's durable and fits perfectly in my windowsill. My cat, who also enjoys my windowsill, has knocked it to the floor several times, yet it continues to run as good as new. I've tried other similarly priced fans in the past, and they have all started making horrible whistling sounds after a year or so. I haven't had that issue with this one so far. It can definitely take a beating! I'd say this is a great quality fan for the price.
 Nobody reads 4 star reviews, but I found it to be a great little fan. Seems fairly well built and I think it's very quiet. Puts out a good deal of air flow providing you're using this as a personal fan and not a room fan. I use this as a desk fan, and it's perfect, but for a room fan, the Vortex is WAY better.<br/><br/>Only thing I didn't like was the switch to change speeds. Appears very cheap and is in the back of the unit so it's more difficult to get to.<br/><br/>I would recommend this fan.
 The high speed barely moves any air.  I previously bought one of these Honeywell from my local hardware store and it is truly turbo force.  This same size unit on Amazon is horrible.  You could move as much air with a simple hand fan.  At 5 feet away you cannot feel any air.  The only nice thing to say is it is whisper quite since it is doing nothing.
 Purchased this as my previous HT-900 started to fail after a year of near continuous use. The previous unit was left on 24/7 during the summer (~4 months) and it started to rattle and fuss. ~4 months later, the unit would occasionally not turn on. It would hum and try, and occasionally work, but reliability became too inconsistent.<br/><br/>Relatively quiet (started to get noisy towards the end of its life, noisy = below speaking volume) and has adequate flow to cool either myself or dry hung laundry.
 Had previously bought the larger Honeywell fan for the bedroom, but it was too big and slightly noisy (not like the classic Fresh'nd Aire chrome fans, which are extremely quiet). This model is the perfect size for a large bedroom, the larger fan is now in the living/dining room. One complaint, the swivel click-stops supporting the fan on the base are too weak, and the fan suddenly tilts forward almost every time I attempt to turn on the switch, which has a stiff action. Very annoying, otherwise a nice product. The larger fan's swivel click-stop base is properly engineered, and will not accidentally tilt when using the on-off switch.
 I will start this by saying that it's a good fan for the size and price. It's not too loud, and it makes a good desk fan.<br/>Cleaning it, on the other hand... I'm trying to remain calm.<br/>I couldn't figure out how to take it apart on my own, so I went to google.<br/>Turns out, there's SIX tiny screws down 2" holes around the rim.<br/>Now, I have to dig around the house for all the scattered philips heads and hope that I don't strip the screws.<br/><br/>Remember when fans just had the clips around the edge? That was super easy for cleaning.<br/>I'm not saying that little clips would be a good idea.<br/>There has to be a middle ground though. It shouldn't be this difficult to open something that should be cleaned regularly.<br/>Why has cleaning this fan turned into an hours long project?
 Bumping this up to 5 stars from 3, since the annoying clicking sound stopped after a couple days' worth of usage.<br/><br/>I'd like to give this 4.5 stars, since the fan is a little loud on its highest setting, but I'm rounding up as it pushes a lot of air for a really cheap unit. I'm just happy it works well because my office is an inferno. One lady in the entire area rules the thermostat with an iron fist, and she's always freezing, like some 90-year-old whose house is like a sauna.<br/><br/>If the highest setting is annoying to you, bring it down a level and the noise cuts in half - very manageable, and the fan still cools well. If you have an office mate with a monopoly on the thermostat (or a grandparent with a sauna-house), I recommend setting this fan on your desk, aimed directly at your face, three feet away.
 This is a good fan for the price. But I would hardly call it a turbo force fan. It is adequate for my needs though.
 I bought this fan back in August 2017 to help cool down my room and also add white noise so I can sleep. It has been running practically ever since I got it way back then. It is an amazing fan for the price! It is also very powerful, I have it set to the lowest setting and I can feel the air from all the way across my bedroom. I definitely would recommend it if you want a cheap and good quality fan!
 I really like the size and the strength of the air that comes out of this fan. It’s small Enough where I can move it around the apartment but it creates enough airflow that I feel cool in any direction that’s pointing. The price was really good and I even compared it with other fans at Walmart. Overall it’s a great purchase.
 I bought this nice little fan for use at my desk at work. It does the job quietly and efficiently. It's just the right size for use in a cubicle. Even though my office is air conditioned, it gets very warm in the cubicles as we are in a large room full of cubicles and with lots of computers and other electronic equipment giving off heat. It is well constructed, sturdy and just the right weight-heavy enough to be well made and sturdy, light enough for someone with a bad back to move around. I recommend this purchase. I bought this with my own funds-didn't get it for free or at a discount. I would buy it all over again if necessary.
 These units move a surprising amount of air for how small and quiet they are. That's the four star part. I've deducted a star as the fan has fixed rotation positions. You can't put it on a shelf and point it just a little bit down, it has a stop that prevents it from rotating less than slightly up (not even straight out.) Fix that and it would be a five star product. I have other similar style fans that don't have this silly limitation.
 I received my wonderful Honeywell HT-900 fan, and used it last night. It arrived in two days, and<br/>it's, by far, the most quiet fan I've ever owned. I replaced a noisy fan, and slept soundly last night.<br/>A great fan, at a reasonable price. I'm used to using a fan in my bedroom, at night. The fan arrived<br/>completely assembled. It has three speeds, and several positions.
 The fan works great. I have an older Honeywell fan that produces some great white noise for sleeping. I was hoping this fan would be similar, but it is super quiet. If you're looking for a fan that works well, fits in smaller spaces, and is quiet, this is your guy/gal. If you're like me and looking for a fan to help you sleep thru your neighbor's music, not so much.
 This fan has been redesigned to lower cost so many times that there must be 40 or 50 versions of it around by now.  This one's okay but it's made of very flimsy plastic and doesn't move as much air as those of the past.  I happen to have one of the old ones and while the new model is much quieter, they've at least partly achieved that by lowering the airflow.  Still, it's useful and is especially good in a small room where the old one is way too loud.  Only time will tell if the hinges will give way and let the thing flop onto its back the way the older ones did.
 I love this fan! It's just what I needed at work for my office. With temperature reaching over 100 degrees this summer our air conditioner just can't keep our office cool enough. This fan is the perfect size to sit on the floor by my chair. It doesn't rotate but you can adjust the angle so that the air blows where you need it the most. It is amazingly quiet even on high, doesn't interfere with me talking on the phone. In fact, it's so quiet I forgot and left it on yesterday! I am still amazed at what a great fan it is especially for the cost!  If I needed another small fan, I wouldn't hesitate to buy this one again!
 This device reliably produces a unidirectional stream of moving air from the locally available atmosphere via a mechanism of rotating blades with profile and pitch optimized for gentle expulsion thus having the effect of optimizing comfort by displacing warm air near the skin-atmosphere interface. The device as tested was found to be subjectively compatible with known physiological and auditory thresholds of all human test subjects, and some cats.
 This is a good small fan. I bought it to put under my desk at work so that I could combat my office's mediocre air conditioning system. It's been doing a good job keeping me cool, and is powerful enough even on the lowest speed setting. It's actually a bit larger than I had expected, but I really like it. I've admittedly only been using it occasionally for the past couple of months, so I can't speak to its durability or reliability, but it seems good so far.
 We ordered two of these based off the great reviews. We ordered the smaller option. I'm not impressed.. with a name like turbo force I expected them to really move some air... and maybe the larger ones do? But the small ones are just disappointing. They look nice and seem to be buolt well... but They are fairly loud which I would be fine with if I felt like the air circulation was worth the noise however these are just rather disappointing.
 I don't know why, people are having so much trouble with these fan's? I have been using them since they came out!! I love these fans, and have not had not one problem with them! You get 3 settings, and they move air....like awesome bad...fantastic! Don't listen to the others and get your hands on one....there quite and make no noise at all! But they are a pain to clean, what I do is take a paint brush and get the dust off, of the very hard places to reach! They last me about 2 year's, then I just buy another one....there........GREAT FAN'S!
 I like this fan for use in the bedroom when I sleep. Some people have commented that it doesn't move enough air, but the 3 speeds are fine for me. Three adjustable levels are nice. I have it on top of a chest of drawers and it is very stable. The low speed is very quiet, but with enough of a light hum to aid in sleep. I usually adjust it to blow towards the ceiling so it circulates air nicely. Only had it for 3 weeks, so I can't judge longevity. Very pleased with it so far and I would recommend it.
 In many ways it is a great little fan. Reasonably powerful for a small, cheap fan. Average noise levels as well. However, this is the second one that did not last 6 months (both simple stopped working; no noise, did not slow down or show any signs of issues; bad motors?). In those 6 months it ran for about 10 hours a day.  So, for the price it is a fare product, but, would net generally recommend it due to its poor durability.
 This is for the smaller 11 inch fan. It looks serious, like it's going to be a little tornado machine when you turn it on high.  But it kind of underwhelms when you first turn it on. I thought the highest setting was the lowest and when I clicked over to the next one I was shocked that it could go slower. It's a decent fan, but I've had smaller ones move more air. So this ends up being an over sized small fan that you have to keep within 10 feet to feel.
 A couple of these really help move air thru a small room when it gets hot in the summer.  I mounted one on the ceiling pointing down toward the opposite corner of the room.  Another one sits on the floor pointing up to the first one.  I grabbed them for 8.90 each which is about as much as I would want to pay for this cheap-plastic item though.  If it lasts a few years then it would be a good buy indeed.
 I've had this little fan for a couple weeks now, and I love it.  I live in an apartment is rarely hot, but can often become uncomfortably warm.  It wouldn't make sense to install a full-on air conditioner so having a good fan is really important.  Based upon the price of this fan (~$16) and the size, I was initially hesitant to buy it.  I was worried it would be underpowered, but after reading the positive reviews, I was convinced - and I don't regret the decision.  It is small, quiet, and works great as a personal fan.  I keep it in my bedroom, next to my bed, where I can keep it running on low overnight and it pushes just the right amount of air to keep me comfortable.  The fact that it can tilt completely vertical upwards is nice for air circulation, without having a direct draft on me.<br/><br/>I've read a few of the negative reviews and some of the complaints sound valid (less power than previous generations, etc.) but as a newcomer to this fan, I have no issues.  It feels well-built, and frankly, even if it did die on me after a year, it wouldn't be a major issue.  It's $16 - I'll survive.  I'm happy enough to contemplate buying a 2nd for my living room...
 For the price this little fan works great as a desk fan. It is nicely made, but small. On high the air blows about the same as most small fans blow on medium. It is rather quite. If your looking for something for a desk or something small just to circulate air in a small room, you can’t go wrong. However, unless you are rather close to the fan with it pointed directly at you, it won’t cool you off.
 Bought this fan in August 2017, used it maybe three times a week and within two months it started rattiling. Now in December 2017 and the fan blades wont even spin (I can hear the motor trying but its grinding).<br/><br/>Pay a couple bucks more and get something better.
 This thing is loud as hell, when you point it towards the ceiling it gets quieter but still bellows out a continuous click, when you point it towards yourself like a normal person it sounds like an electric scooter idling beside you. No way.
 Bought for a 12x15 home movie theater room.  This only puts out enough air for that size if you put it on medium or high.  Then it is too loud for that application.  Sent back.  May try the larger version.  Overall a good fan, almost on par with our vornado of similar size.  Works just as good as vornado and similar noise, just maybe not as good of build quality.  Still good tho.  Worth the money if it fits your application.<br/><br/>Have one of these at my parents house in a small bedroom and it works great on the low setting.  Right amount of air and right amount of noise.
 This is a great little fan for your kitchen counter or nightstand. It has three speeds  and can be tilted up and down. The base is also very sturdy and stable. My area was going through a heatwave and this fan totally saved me from melting.<br/><br/>The only minor complaint is that my roommate claimed it was loud. I didn't think it was, and I was sleeping right next to it. But I guess if you're a light sleeper keep this mind.
 This is an excellent little fan. It is fairly quiet. Actually, I have it sitting on the floor about 3 feet from my Lazy-Boy chair to help circulate the A/C air around the TV room and I can hear it running, but only barely.<br/>I heard that the ratchet on the swivel can break quite easily so I am careful with where the fan housing mounts and swivels in the base. I have carefully swivelled it numerous times so far with no problems.<br/>For under $15  this is a good deal I think. It seems to do a good job of moving the air.<br/>Actually I think I'll buy a second for the bedroom.
 We bought this fan to replace a small portable fan from Lowes that finally died. We are very disappointed with the performance of this fan; it is a very weak fan and would only be good as a personal office desk fan that sits very close to you. But for use as an air circulator to move air from the livingroom into the kitchen, it's just far too weak. We don't know why this fan is so weak as an air circulator compared to the one purchased from Lowes 2 years ago. Lowes no longer sells the fan we bought 2 years ago and we don't know what to do now. If anyone knows of a fan that is at least twice as strong as this one, please let me know.
 For such and inexpensive fan it does an excellent job! I purchased one of these five years ago to circulate the air and because it was cheap. Now, we have one of these in each of the bedrooms, and NOT ONE of them has had a hint of trouble in that time. For being an all plastic unit, it's very durable. Obviously, you're going to hear the fan, but it's not very loud.
 I got this fan for my office, and it's perfect. It looks a lot like my older Honeywell model, but this one is a bit quieter. I usually like my fans louder, but for the office setting, I prefer the quiet performance. Despite the whispery operation, it packs a wallop. This fan has enough power to cool you off and in a hurry.
 This fan looks exactly like the Honeywell-ht 800, but don't be fooled.  It is not even in the same league.  This fan does not put out anywhere near the wind the former one does - not even half!  I was fooled into thinking it was the same as the old fan I have had for 10 years that still pushes a lot of wind but which has broken connections to the stand.  Be forewarned.<br/><br/>You can still find the old model here and there, but for $40 now.  Google it and you will find it.  Even someone on Amazon is selling it.
 It's a sturdy little fan, with a choice of 3 settings for air quantity.  It appears to put out a good bit of air.  The lower 2 settings are very quiet, the highest is not loud but adequate for me for white noise while sleeping.  It may not be enough for everyone though.  But definitely the lower 2 settings are far too quiet for white noise.<br/><br/>All in all, a nice product, especially for the price.<br/><br/>I received no discounts or incentives for my review.
 I really like this little powerhouse! It is perfect for the small space that I work in, it does what it says, it really circulates the air in my office. There is a unit that blows refrigerated air, but for some reason the air doesn't reach my office as it does the other offices in the building, but this little fan has done the trick! I am nice and cool all day. I will take it home once the summer is gone and see how it works in a larger room at home.
 I use this fan every night for white noise while I sleep, and sometimes during the day. It's the second one like this I've had. They don't last forever, but they last long enough to be worth the low price. The noise level is perfect for me. I don't want a silent fan.
 This little fan is perfect for a cruise! Read the reviews and took their advice and was glad i did. Was alittle larger than i expected, but<br/>still fit in my luggage just fine. Traveled well. I have to have a breeze when i'm sleeping, otherwise i feel stifled. This fan puts out a nice<br/>breeze that flowed across our stateroom and my husband and i could both feel it just just fine. Highly recommended.
 I like the Honeywell fans. It doesn't seem to have the power my old one does but it is good for what I need it for. It  may use less electric than the old one if so this maybe why it seems to blow less air. I thought the price was very good for this fan. I try very hard to keep my fans free of dust. Common sense should tell one if the blades &amp; motor have a ton collection of  dust the motor has to labor to carry the load. I take my devices with a fan blade out side, spray cleaner on it then use water hose to clean it good. It can also be done with sink or tub sprayer. Let the device dry in the sun for awhile. Like new ! Computer air will do the job, or air compressor. The dust that collect in these devices is not good for the health.
 i love this fan because it is so small, and yet it gives a refreshing air stream. when i lived in tucson, i overdid it with fans -- they were too strong, or too big and i chose not to bring them with me. this works for me. but it doesn't swivel, which some people prefer. it has i believe three speeds. i keep it on low, and slept with it on when it was unbearably stuffy otherwise, and i didn't wake up discomforted. i keep it far enough from me that it doesn't blow about my papers since i tend to write on pads and keep notes and index cards and that was a concern of mine. it is not sophisticated, but it is also not expensive. so it works for me. but if you are rolling in the dough, as they say, you probably want to go with something more sophisticated in terms of controlling temperature and direction, but that was not something i was looking for.
 Great fan, but I gave it a below average rating because the manufacturer only put two rubber footings on the fan base, when it is clearly supposed to have four. That’s cheap! A coworker at my office has the same fan and his was also missing the two rubber footings.
 We live in an apartment and often struggle with the noise from neighbors above and below in the early morning/late evening. Because of that, we actually have two of these fans: One for our daughters room and one for ours. They are incredibly durable, and work well. We run ours all night every night in both rooms (perhaps disproving the South Korean phobia?) and have yet to have an issue with them. They are easily configured to blow in any direction and will hold that position. There are three speed settings and each has been useful at times for noise, to move air in a stuffy room, or bring air inside through a window. They are wall-mountable, but I can't imagine needing to do that.
 I work in a shop in the middle east with very bad air conditioning. I use this a quiet personal fan for when I'm on the computer. It keeps me from sweating well enough in a 100+ degree room. I'm not a very large man though only around 180lbs so I don't know if it would be enough cooling for heavier set persons. I would not recommend this as a whole room fan, I think some of honeywell's other larger fans would suite that cause better. A  downside with this product is that It is hard to clean... Have not found an effective way of cleaning it yet. Also I run this fan 24/7 and it's been running for around 3 months with no problems.
 I LIKE IT the most--no leasts. This is for a very specific task where small was needed and it fits perfectly. It is quiet and flows a lot of air for the size, and looks great and wel made. This fan provides the focused controlled air column I needed, so be aware that this is a "point-it-at-me" type fan; but w/3 speeds it will move some air! Runs on high most all the time w/ little noise, and on low at 6-7 ft away it is barely audible but can still be felt REAL well.
 Love these fans!  I got 3 of them.  12 years or so ago I bought one for each of my kids when they went off to college and un-airconditioned dorms.  Both are still running great (the fans and the daughters!).  One fan runs 24 hours/daily.  I figured that would work for me too plus I could not see spending a lot of money on fans. These fans don't break the bank, they don't take up tons of space, and most importantly they move a lot of air.
 I bought this fan so I can have a breeze, whenever I feel hot at night.  I bought my first Honeywell fan from CVS years ago, and it lasted for years with constant use, and it was also very quiet.  I was very sad when it burned out.  I bought another small fan at a local store, but it didn’t produce much air and was noisy.<br/><br/>I was very excited to see Amazon selling it for a lot less!!! I am happy again!!! I love this little fan!!!
 I was looking for a good small fan for a bathroom that get a lot of sun through a skylight, and for my makeshift home office in the dining room.  At the price I splurged for two - one black, one white.  I haven't opened the white one yet, but I am loving the little black fan.  I have it set up about 7 feet away, and the lowest setting may even be two much on a day that is not as humid as today is.  I like the sturdy base, the quiet "white noise-level" sound, and THE POWER!.  I probably will regret the fact that is can't be easily cleaned, but that problem is for another day.  I recommend this fan for direct comfort in confined space.
 This fan was great for a few months. It blew hard and the breeze felt really good. I’m the kind of person who needs a fan on to sleep at night.. well a few weeks ago it started making a high pitched rattling/sqeeling noise when turned on higher then the lowest setting. Super disappointed.
 I bought this little fan to put in our spare guest room. With blazing 100 degree heat outside, our bedrooms tend to heat up and feel stuffy, especially at nighttime. This fan runs quietly, puts out just the right amount of air circulation on low speed to make our guest comfortable. Matter of fact, she is purchasing one when she gets home for her bedroom, too. I would purchase again, great value and price.
 First one I got "clicked" when spinning, second one does too occasionally, but not as much.  I'd hope for a little better quality - yes, I know its cheap, but I would hope it didn't "click" randomly.  That's really too much to ask?  (And the clicking goes away when you turn it upside down, sideways, etc, until something settles inside it, and it clicks again.)  However, the clicking isn't that much louder over the normal fan sound, but I bought it to use at night so I didn't have to turn the AC up.  We are able to sleep though it though, so I guess its good enough.  A light sleeper will not find this to be a silent fan by any stretch of the imagination.  Still, moves a lot of air for its size and I sleep better, low price, so 4 stars overall.
 I don't know why the most helpful review was from someone named Lolo. That review almost made me not buy this, I cannot be more happy with this fan. The bace of the fan clicks into 3 different positions; forward, half up and fully upward facing. The bace is sturdy and not top heavy at all.<br/>3 fan speeds. Unlike the review from Lolo I like the lowest speed setting and wish there was an even lower speed. It has nothing to do with the fan power.<br/>It is quiet, but like I said a even lower speed would be nice for a very quiet mode.<br/>This is the best small fan for the price on Amazon. Don't almost get tricked by dumb reviewers (Lolo) this is a 5 star product.
 quiet, easy, stable, adjustable, powerful and functional. What more could i want? So much So i bought 2. Bought this on a whim for our older dog who pants alot. Wantd something he coudnt knock over easily and was quiet. The fan workd so well i bought one for my mom. It is bigger than small. Probably 1 foot tall and wide, which is ok bc we keep them on the floor.
 I bought the Honeywell ht900 in February for my father who was in the hospital.  the thermostat was stuck on high and they could not transfer him to another room. when it arrived, the nurse unpacked it and set it up for him.  He noticed that the fan on low is strong if it is placed in direct contact.  He instead opted to bounce the fan off the walls, which did grately improve the airflow.  It is a strong fan as a reviewer mentioned, but being in plastic casing and very strong motor.  It does allow me to offset the performance.  I think it could be useful on those hot summer days when there is no airflow through the windows.  good luck .
 Got this to replace a box fan that we used to blow cold air upstairs in the summer. Old house,  old AC. Our downstairs is always much cooler than upstairs. This fan really cooled off the upstairs this summer. It works so well for being half the size of a box fan, I'll never buy a box fan again!
 Bought this for white noise and air circulation for sleeping, on a recommendation from a website article about best sleeping fans. It does move air at an impressive rate for its size, however I can't say much else positive. At any speed setting and any angle, the motor always starts to make a small grinding noise, like there is a piece of grocery bag plastic stuck inside of it somewhere. Sometimes this doesn't happen, but there's also always an electric hum which permeates any hard surface the base sits on. Additionally, a high frequency spinning noise I myself seem to hear with almost every type of fan is prominent with this unit. If you too are cursed with hearing these annoying sounds then this fan will do you no good too. The fan hunt continues.
 I wanted a fan to have sitting on my desk at work. I like the tower ones being they take up less space, but they are more expensive and I wanted something cheaper.<br/><br/>I have this fan in my bedroom at home (always sleep to the sound of the fan.) On the low setting I find it to be pretty quiet, but I like the sound of the fan so it doesn't really bug me. I only use it on the low setting at work and it definitely gives out plenty of air!
 I have this at work and use is just about every day on a low setting to get the air flowing in my cubicle.  It's always turned off before I leave for the day and on the weekends.  After a year and a half the fan simply stopped working.  At first you could give it a little jump start with a pencil but now that's completely use-less.  I'm Considering ordering another one but will be looking at other brands.  I really think I should have gotten more then a year and a half of moderate use from this fan but I guess not.
 This fan is just adequate. Unlike other reviews I had read before purchasing this fan, the amount of air circulated when the fan is turned to it’s highest setting is fine as long as you are in close proximity and have the fan pointed directly st you.  It is also far from silent. You can hear the fan quite distinctly.
 Very compact and quiet fan.  My father uses this model to use when he sleeps due to the quit running of this fan..Eventually a year or two with the constant use the bearings wear and continues to work great but with a little hum..(NORMAL)...so we purchase another moving the older fan to another room...
 I owned the full size turboforce fan for years and it was awesome. I bought this mini version to use while running on a treadmill. I have it sitting on top of a bookshelf and it puts out just the perfect amount of air to keep me cool while running. On some cooler nights I've actually had to turn it down to the 2nd highest setting. It doesn't put out a super strong stream of air, more like it moves a nice mass of air at you, which makes sense since in the description they recommend using it to circulate air around a room verses directing air at you. Either way it's exactly what I was hoping for in my particular application and I'd highly recommend it to someone using it at a close distance for a nice cooling effect. Can't beat the amazingly low price on Amazon either.
 This thing moves a LOT of air, even on low. Maybe it just seems that way to me because the fan it replaced was one I picked up from Goodwill five years ago and fan technology has just progressed a lot. It may also be that this fan stands out from the rest, not just because of its air-moving power, but also because it's so quiet. On low, as long as you're a couple feet from it, it's barely louder than my house's central air. Even on high it's very unobtrusive and easy to talk over.
 I love this fan. I initially bought it to use at work but it was a bit too big for my already too crowded work area. I thought it wouldn't be powerful enough to use in my bedroom but I was happily mistaken. It is quite powerful for the size and has replaced a larger fan I previously had been using. The fan I was using before cost twice as much and was half as strong. I highly recommend this fan if you want something not too large but still packs a punch.
 I am extremely disappointed with this fan! As soon as I received my package and plugged it in, the blades spun very slow, almost like a slow motion video—even when I had it on the highest setting. After I tried using a screw driver to open the fan to see if anything was stuck inside. The motor appeared to be normal but the issue did not subside. Extremely disappointed! I would send it back, but I already opened the fan and even hit it a few times to see if that would work. It didn't.
 After a couple of weeks owning this and ONLY turning it on at night to ventilate my bedroom it started to make a static noise, which is really irritating. I tried cleaning the fan and there's no hair or dust in/on it. Can't seem to locate the issue.
 Don't under estimate this fan b/c of its' small size!!! This little thing is packing some wind!! I already had one in which I purchased from Walmart yet needed another for traveling purposes. I take it with me and use it in the office or at hotels. I like that there are 3 different settings that range from high to low and it's not too noisy. If you're the type of person who needs absolute quiet during your sleep, you may want to skip out on this fan. If a little sound doesn't bother you, this is an appropriate fan to use during bedtime without causing distraction.
 I purchased this fan for use as white noise in my bedroom more than as an air mover.  It is a great little air mover for it's size, I was quite impressed.  I think it would be considered too noisy for those who are actually buying a fan for use as a fan.  :)  It does help me in providing the background white noise I need to sleep.  Those with a sleep disorder or just need a little background while sleeping will like this.  I would actually prefer it a little noisier.  If I had been thinking right I would have searched for fans that had a lower star rating with complaints about how noisy they were...duh.  But the quality is there and I would buy it again.
 Perfect fan---just what I needed ! Good quality fan, soft sound &amp; it tilts !<br/><br/>  UPDATE...... Fan is less then a year old &amp; having issues with "turn knob".  I turned knob to on  but blades are not spinning.... can hear slight motor sound. Sometimes after minute or so it will "start up" &amp; spin correctly. Too afraid to use it now.... afraid "stuck motor" could cause a fire.
 Loving this! This is the second one that I bought. Not specifically from amazon cuz the first one I got it from Walmart. But hey, at least I don’t need to go to Walmart this time. It’s really compact but super strong. Save you time of electricity bill from corculating the air in your room.
 Bought it Feb 2019<br/>Died April 2019<br/>Was only 13$<br/>Unboxed the fan put it on the night stand turned on nightly turned off every morning but just quit working...I also tried unplugging an different plugs so definitely a dud fan<br/>Side note: I prefer a louder fan to sleep this one is kinda quiet
 I gave this 3 stars because even though it works great in my dorm, it's quiet, and energy efficient it stopped working within 4 weeks of purchasing.<br/>I typically use it at night and unplug it during the day while I'm in class. I don't believe the motor should have burned out as fast as it did. I'm disappointed
 I use this fan in my bedroom on hot days and nights. On the slow setting it's pretty quiet.  You can hear the air "whooshing" through the blades.  But, it is not an unpleasant sound and it's not very loud.  In fact, it might even be relaxing to some people.  On the high setting, it's fairly loud.  It has a small footprint and the power switch is easy to reach because it's near the top of the blade housing.  As others have mentioned, you can NOT open the unit to clean the blade.  That's the only con.
 with all due respect to the people that have rated this fan, I think it's a waste of money. It's not so much that it's a bad fan, but based on what I read and terms with the description reviews it seem like a high-output high-intensity fan. It's really a desk fan. If you're looking for something that can reach any kind of reasonable distance Beyond 3 or 4 ft, please consider something else.
 This could be 5 stars if it fits your needs; it does not fit mine, hence 3 stars.  I was looking for a regular fan but failed to appreciate the significance of the word "circulator" in its description nor the louvers in front to the fan blades.  This fan is designed to circulate the air around a room, not blast it in one direction.  It is the latter that I wanted.<br/><br/>The fan is of plastic construction; lightweight; and 3 speeds but with the speed switch reflecting (a bit) the plastic standard in its overall construction.
 This is a nice little fan.  I was hoping it would be noisier like the old one I had (same brand/same model).  I keep it under my desk at work because it's quiet in my office and this helps bring white noise.  If you're looking for something quiet that blows a lot of air, this is the one for you.
 I think we have purchased 4 of these now. They're fairly quiet, just the right amount of white noise to sleep with, while they create a decent amount of breeze. We vacuum them periodically to help maintain the airflow. I dropped one once, and thought for certain I had broken it, but that little fan just keeps going.
 This fan is terrible. I was expecting to get some decent air flow (i have had a honeywell fan that looked like his exact model years ago) - it was on level 3 and BARELY any air coming, less than half the flow of a hairdryer, if that! returned it.
 I bought a second fan to counteract the first one, left 'em on full blast five inches apart then plugged them both in and bolted! Currently I'm being accused of starting a category 5 weather event with technology, and like everything else- just because I could buy it doesn't mean I should be held accountable. I lost my house, my friends- no really! if you find them let someone know they haven't landed back down yet.
 I purchased this fan to replace a similar one that died on me recently after years of faithful service. I didn't pay attention to the dimensions when I bought this one so when it arrived I was a little bummed that it was only about half the size of my previous fan. However after plugging it in and powering it on, I'm very impressed. This little fan moves a lot of air for its size, and even at full speed it doesn't make a lot of noise. I use it in my living room to circulate air during the day and at night I use it in my bedroom for white noise. It's not a perfect replacement for my previous fan, but I'm happy with my purchase.
 This is a fan model and brand I have used for years without fail. Fits neatly anywhere you can put it. Fan is very durable. The one I bought has been running non-stop since October with no issues to report. Don't let the airflow from this little thing fool you. Put it in front of an open window and your room will have solid air movement. It moves air in a more narrow cone than a broad circle due to it's turbine shape. Very efficient air circulation tool.
 I really wonder who it was that came up with the name "TuboForce" for this fan. I have it 1 1/2' from my head on the top of my desk and I can barely feel it on the high setting. Yes, it's quiet naturally, because Honeywell put in such a small motor that it's completely useless. I can only imagine the disappointment a person would feel if it was located at a further distance. I replaced my little Vornado fan with this fan twice it's size and it doesn't come close in comparison!
 Does the job pretty well. I live in a college dorm that has no air conditioner. It gets cold in the winter so I didn't need an AC. I just needed a fan. It's pretty quiet. In the beginning I wanted something as noisy as an AC because I'm used to sleeping with AC noise in the background, but I like that it's not noisy. Maybe the only "critical" thing is that the angle/adjustments are not flexible enough if that makes sense? Like it's either too high or too low for my bed when I'm lying down. But it's really no biggie. College life isn't supposed to be perfect I guess.
 Fan has a lot of power for being small is quite and does the job.  Decided to replace a big box fan my wife used to sleep with in her face because it took up to much space and looked terrible in the bed room.  She was hesitant till I turned it on and now she loves it.  Can’t beat the price power or size
 I own the older model of this fan and have used it nightly for over 5 years and across several states with no issues. I loved it. So when I bought this fan I thought it would be as good as it's predecessor. Not a chance. It stopped working after two weeks, and the only way to get it started was to remove the front grill and crank start it like an old biplane! Finally it gave in today, just 3 and a half months after I started using it the blades will no longer spin. And why don't I send it back? Factor the cost of shipping this fan (what Honeywell charges to ship from their site) $14.87, plus the $10 processing cost, and I'm $10 over the cost of a new one. I'm not buying Honeywell again.
 People have complained about the lack of air movement, and I kind of understand. I feel its slightly less powerful than the model this replaced, but it still moves plenty of air and is super quiet. I have an older model in my bedroom for white noise, and keep this in the living room where the tv easily makes this fan seem silent.<br/><br/>The one negative is that the base is somewhat "not wide enough". It does have some wobble, but its not a concern of mine.
 Absolutely worthless.  This rather small fan generates almost no wind movement.  The different speeds are essentially undistinguishable and at the highest level, it emits almost no air.  And, within 2-3 minutes, the fuse blew in the "TurboForce" Fan, rendering it inoperable.  I had hoped to return it, but they required that I pay the shipping fee, which - when combined with my time and effort to pack it and determine the postal charges - would have made it far more expensive than just throwing it out.  Honestly, I'm not a complainer, but I can't imagine anyone would be satisfied with this product.
 I needed a silent fan and after doing some research, I finally purchased this specific one. My first impression was that the build looks a bit tacky BUT, for the price it is great. The fan is pretty strong for its size and it is not as noisy compared to the size. I live in SoCal so the weather here is warm most of the year and this fan does the job. It is a great fan to put it on the desk and have it blow in the room because it will keep it cool. My only complain is that I wish the fan had 4 speed settings instead of 3. Overall, I am pretty satisfied.
 We already owned one of these and purchased another one because we liked it so much! The new one barely moves air at all on the lowest setting. The high setting blows about like the low setting on our older one. NOT turbo force sadly :( Our daughter likes it so we will keep it, but very disappointed in the low amount of air movement.
 Had to send back the first one because it made entirely too much noise and the blades would barely move. The second one came in and still makes some noise but it's not so bad. Clearly both fans are defective in some way I would send the second one back, but im tired of dealing with packages and just need a fan. I wish it was quieter and worked better. They might just be refurbished fans. I know someone at my office that has the exact same fan and it is super quiet.<br/><br/>TLDR;<br/>If you get a properly working fan in the mail, then it's a great fan. I've received 2 defective fans, so good luck rolling the dice.
 I got this fan due to the fact that I could screw it onto the wall. I set it up in my home server closet (together with a temperature controller for automatic use) and it cools my devices quickly. I'm probably picking up a few more when summer sets in, so I can spread our A/C airflow a bit more, for which I believe they will work great as well.
 I use this mostly when playing guitar with several other people, and I give it a beating (throwing it in the trunk, gets kicked around, dropped countless times, etc). It has worked great for over a year now without any issues. A friend bought the same one on my recommendation, and his only issue is the plastic base cracked in half. This was completely due to his abuse and hasn't affected the use/performance at all - it's made of rigid plastic and so you can't even tell really unless you pull the two sides apart with your hands. Very sturdy construction overall. Quiet enough that once the songs are over I often forget that it was on, and it moves a ton of air. On the highest setting, it can easily keep air blasting on my face from six feet away - really nice in a hot crowded jam space. Not a super wide area, but it's angle is easily adjusted with a nudge of my foot mid-song. Decent cord length and very light and easy to transport as well. I will buy this again if mine ever dies.<br/><br/>A bit large for something like desk use, about the size of a basketball.
 What makes it quieter also makes it not blow as hard on high. I like turbo fans for the amount of air they push and for the noise.<br/>Overall, good product,  not what I expected from a turbo fan, but to be fair: I missed the part that said it was quieter in the fine print when I bought it.
 Would have been the perfect fan, except that it quit working after 30 days of heavy use.  Small, efficient, perfect amount of background noise when sleeping and really does move a lot of air for its size.  I loved it until it quit working.  After about 30 days of nightly use, the motor seems to have burned out.  When you turn it on you can hear the hum of the tiny electric motor and the the fan blade moves ever so slightly, but wont start turning, and there is heat coming from the back of the fan so I've just thrown it out rather than risk an electric fire or something.  There are more expensive name-brand versions of this fan, and that's what I'll be buying to replace this one.
 I really love this fan. I have to have a fan to sleep. I love the noise and I love the power behind it. It's not very noisy at all so you don't have to worry about hearing the clicking like you do with some fans, it's a pleasant low hum. They are really easy to clean and the power settings are accurate. It's not a super powerful fan but that's what I love about it. It gives great circulation for one room. Also, this is my 2nd fan I've gotten and they do last a a long time.
 After reading all the reviews which said this is a great fan that circulates air really well, I was expecting something much better. This tiny fan is a great bargain IF you live in a small apartment like I do. It works well at all speeds but it needs to be directed right at you, and at short distances only. Even the fastest speed hardly created any air movement when I moved 8 feet from the fan. As for circulating air, it's okay, but definitely not enough when it's a hot stifling day. I would recommend this in addition to another fan/AC in the room, or if you sleep with it pointed at you from a nearby desk. It does not oscillate, so do not expect it to circulate air too well. That said, for less than $15, this is a budget bargain.
 Im writing this review from my bed where I am laying wide awake listening to my husband store his face off. 25% quieter is not what I expected, I dont know what to do. Help.<br/><br/>In all fairness this is not the fans intended purpose and it does keep me nice and cool, perfect for sleeping if you get hot like I do. I have owned many of this same exact fan over the years and they have always worked brillently for a year of constant use. I love these hineywell fans and throughly recommened them but I would love an older model that creates more white noise.
 I bought two of these fans back in June. I needed one to replace another of the same model that finally died after many years of use. The other I purchased for a family member. To get straight to the point, these are excellent fans for the price! They last an incredibly long time when you consider the cost, and the air output is fantastic. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a smaller-sized fan that packs a nice punch, without digging very deep into your wallet.
 This fan helped cool down my apartment fairly well when the weather was in the high 80s/low 90s. I just put it on my windowsill, opened the window, and put it on the lowest setting. Even though it's quite small, it worked well to circulate the air. It's pretty quiet, as fans go, but definitely not the quietest one out there. I probably wouldn't rely on only this if I lived somewhere that was hot on a regular basis, but I need it only every so often and it does the job for me.
 I’ve now purchased two of these fans. One I’ve had since last April. I use them daily, including overnight. They are great, very compact and perfect for setting on a nightstand. They also are not incredibly loud on any setting, though I find the lowest setting is perfectly adequate for cooling in most situations.
 After having this for less than a year the fan is making a really annoying sound and doesn't get started right away. Not happy with the quality.
 The original version of this fan lasted for many years and is still going strong.<br/><br/>As with most products these days, this nice fan has been "redesigned" to be as cheap as possible.  The current version (HT900D1) is already making a horrible grinding sound 5 weeks out (just outside the Amazon return time frame).  It also moves FAR less air and has a much cheaper stand.  Look elsewhere.
 I like the room much cooler at night than my husband does.  We have a wicked nice 72" all aluminum ceiling fan we purchased from Lamps Plus.  However, he doesn't like all the wind it generates.  So I purchased this little fan to put next to me...and the 3 speeds are perfect!  Priced right and works great!
 I needed a new fan for my desk, as it sits in the morning sun and get's pretty hot.  My other fan was not cutting it.  After looking at some reviews for this one I got it.  It's not tiny, that's the first thing I noticed when I got it.  But I didn't want tiny air movement.  It's the depth of the fan that is more than a typical fan.  Boy, does this thing move some air!  Just on low it cools better than those little clip on fans; on high it can make you downright chilly. I love it.  It's moderately noisy.  On low it's what you would expect but on high this fan makes some wind noise.  I don't find it to be problematic though.  Would definitely recommend this.
 I play in a band and it can get warm on stage under the lighting.. or in a crowded venue/bar.  I had this fan for 5-6 years.. using it at 2-3 gigs per week.  I just tossed it in a trunk with cables.  It took a beating over the years.. and it finally stopped working 2-3 weeks ago.  The power cord frayed. It was a great fan so I decided to buy another one.  Hopefully this one lasts another 5-6 years.
 An affordable fan to cool down a room. Sure it's cheap and may seem flimsy, but, for the price, you can't beat it. I have a large Vornado fan that I use to circulate air thoughout the house, and I love it. This fan follows the same concept as the Vornado but on a smaller scale. It works great for moving air around single rooms. We have one in each bedroom, and it's like having a small ceiling fan on the floor. Just aim it up at the ceiling and turn it on, and you will feel the air move. Ours have lasted a long time without any issues. A good buy.
 This little fan is a great value. Small, lightweight and quiet, yet surprisingly powerful. And so convenient -- easy to carry from room to room, where you can place it on the floor or a tabletop and adjust fan speed and airflow to deliver a refreshing breeze. I first bought one of these models about 20-25 years ago for my office, and it finally gave up the ghost after many years of faithful service. I did not hesitate to buy the same model again!
 I bought this fan for my office.  It is powerful and somewhat quiet.  It works well and no complaints about the functionality of the fan.  But I would recommend two design modifications.  First, put the on/off switch in the front.  I turn it on and off during the day as I need it and it's a real pain to reach behind it to shut it off, mainly because of where I have it located.  Second, although the fan itself swivels up and down for positioning the air flow, it doesn't face downward enough.  I have to sit a pad of paper under the back of the stand to get the air to blow where I want it. Again, this is because of where I have the fan located...high up on a file cabinet. Other than those two minor issues, I recommend this fan.
 I live in an "environment-friendly" house (i.e. one occupied by cheapskates), so with an upstairs room and the AC set at 78, my room gets hot on occasion.  It's a 15 x 12 room.  This fan is situated about 5 feet from the middle of my bed and aimed to blow right at me when I am in bed.  At high speed, it provides acceptable air movement/cooling effect.  At mid and low speeds, it is barely noticeable.  It is fairly quiet, however.  I have a somewhat larger Vornado that blows this away. erhaps this would be great in a smaller room.
 It works. But it is NOT a turbo fan. It puts out a fair amount of air... but turbo, it is NOT. I bought it because I am looking for a high-speed, TURBO fan that PUSHES air... I need some air MOVEMENT. This is a plain old fan, that is IT. It works. It gets 3 stars for working, as a fan should. But advertising this as a TURBO fan is very VERY disingenuous. Sorry. Don't buy this if you need a high-speed or high-output fan.
 I've bought many of the older models of this fan... for different rooms in the house and for other people.  Also bought numerous over the years because they tended to die after a couple years (not surprising with my daily use).  Now however, this new model is trash. Complete garbage.  Will never buy another one of these again.  The main problem is that the power is gone.  There is nothing "turbo" at all about these fans... they need to remove that term because it makes the product all that much more absurd.<br/><br/>Sure, they're quieter as advertised... but that's because they're hardly moving air.  Not sure why they're the same size as the old models... might as well have reduced it to 4 inches across.  This is a useless "turbo" fan.  Probably fine for 1-person use if you set it right next to you.
 Won’t adjust to more than one general position.  Great air movement, quiet, but ineffective if I can’t aim it in the right direction.  It has a stop at either extreme but won’t stop or lock into place at any other position but somewhere in the middle.  Disappointed to say the least.
 This is my "work fan" for my desk at the office. It's a good size, sturdy, and very effective. Definitely does its job. It's not super loud; however, I do have trouble hearing over my cubicle when someone is trying to talk to me from the next one across or beside me. My hearing kind of sucks anyway though so it might just be me.
 This little fan puts out so much air! I’m surprised how good it works for its size! Perfect for our bedroom no more big clunky box fan that takes up too much room. It fits perfect on a dresser or night stand! I wish I got this sooner!
 I'm sorry, but I don't think there is anything 'turbo' about this fan. The highest III setting is not fast enough to really blow much but a light breeze compared to all the other fans I've purchased. I have a previous Honeywell small fan which looks like the same model but it is not, it is super fast and definitely 'turbo.' So I'm thinking this is the same style but a lower output model since it was a bit more inexpensive. Maybe the words 'air circulator' mean that it is just a light breeze? Either way, if you want a strong flow of air to be dispersed this may not be the model you wish.
 I bought these to help block out noise for children when they sleep (I'm a child care provider).  These are not very strong fans and don't push the air very far like other fans. Although providing white noise is not their aim, I was hoping something with "turboforce" in the name would work, but unfortunately I'm not satisfied with the performance of these fans, even just as something that moves air around.
 This little fan is more than COOL !!<br/>When they named it TURBO - the name fits , smaller size but great job of cool and circulation. Really helps move around some of the Florida warm air and makes it cooler !! Thanks for the good fan !
 Well it was good while it lasted I guess. The fan initially was reasonably quiet for the amount of air it can move, which is nice. I usually only leave it on low throughout the work day. The fan is positioned under my desk and is usually on about 8-10 hours a day, about 5 days a week.<br/><br/>After a few months of use, it has begun to show its problems. The fan blades accelerate super duper slow when you first turn it on now, and over a few minutes once it has reached a certain speed, it will suddenly jolt to normal operating speed. Sometimes I would roll up some paper and push the blade to speed up the process. Also, when it is at normal operating speed, sometimes it would cut off by itself for a second or two, then it has to go into the whole blade acceleration thing again for a minute or so. Overall, it was a great fan until it began to die and exhibit these problems.
 I’ve been looking for a quiet, small fan that i could place on my nightstand and this is it! I’m the type of person that needs a little white noise while I sleep, and this fan is absolutely perfect! I can’t imagine sleeping without it. It’s also small enough where it’s easy to travel with it and transport it! Very satisfied with my purchase.
 This is the second HT-900 I have bought and can not express how much I love this fan. I have one at work that runs 8 hr a day every day for the last year. This one is for my son's room and he loves it. Nice and quiet but is able to move lots of air.
 This is a powerful, little fan. We purchased 2 of these to match my 15-year-old Honeywell HT-900 fan to create White Noise in my kids' bedrooms. This fan is as powerful as the older model, but it's about 30% quieter. It still does the job, and (from my older model) seems to last a long time.
 Quiet. Low, quiet setting still moves a fair amount of air. Stable on the table.<br/>Wished fan speed knob went from low to high rather than high to low.
 Fan operates as described and the reviews really help my decision to purchase.  I was a little skeptical about the box condition but when plugged in the fan worked perfectly.<br/><br/>I will report back if there is any issues.  My fan is sitting on my work desk and used only during work hours.
 We bought this for the kids playroom since it's summer and the room tends to get hot. So far we love it and so do the kids. The noise level is not high but the room is the kids so you wouldn't be able to hear a SWAT team either lol. It's convenient and very easy to use. It cools the room very well and quickly. The cord seems long enough, fan sits on a table, to put up or sit on the floor. It's small but it packs a punch and cools nicely.
 I have used this model of Honeywell fans for over 20 years. A few years back they redesigned with a tag line of "20% quieter". Which is true, but when one reason you liked it was for the white noise to sleep it is an unfortunate change. Also, it turns out it's about 50% less powerful. Even on high it doesn't push much air.<br/><br/>Just started using this new fan and on the fifth night of use I woke up when the fan seized up and stopped working. Clearly the quality of this model fan is no longer worth the money. I now have a "brand new" fan that lasted less than a week.
 I bought one of these ten years ago and it was quite loud and moved a lot of air. This one is much quieter and not as powerful. I kind of miss the white noise effect and wish for more air movement. I wish I'd paid extra for the larger version. But having said that, it seems to be a good little fan and not bad air movement as long as its not too far away. One thing I'm a little concerned about is the switch feels a little fragile. I worry a little that eventually I might have problems with the switch.
 I originally purchased this as a gift for someone, but they had already purchased the same fan. I have been using it at work and I have to say that the fan is pretty quite. It does have a little hum to it but nothing too crazy and obnoxious. It comes with three different settings, and each one definitely blows air faster than the last. I'm very happy with this purchase and definitely recommend this to anyone looking to have a desktop fan.
 I have five of these fans. Love them and they are great to take on vacation. This last fan that I ordered stopped working after a couple of weeks and of course the return window just closed. When I turned the fan on high,  arely any air blew out and it didn’t even sound like the fan was on. Having a bunch of these fans, I knew this wasn’t the norm for the fan. Very disappointed and hoping amazon will do the right thing and replace it.
 I had this fan for a couple months and the fan died out. I ran it allot though.  I contacted the Honeywell company for a replacement and they said would replace it if I returned the original.  I was about to mail it to them until I found out it would cost $14 to mail it. So for that price I my as well just buy a new one. I chose another brand instead. I had these fans before and loved them, maybe this one I ordered was just a bad one. You can hang these ones on the wall, which is pretty cool.
 I had a fan just like this a few years ago and I decided to purchase this one to replace it. I will completely attest to the fact that it is VERY quiet (half the noise level as the older model) and I use it as recommended to circulate the air stream to efficiently cool my home. We use window units to cool our home and this little powerhouse moves the air around the unit to make the efficiency 200 percent! I recommend at least three of these for every home... much more cost efficient.
 It is functional, but unlike some other reviewers, mine is noisy.  Maybe mine was defective, but the motor in my fan makes noise (and I'm not talking about the natural noise of the blades or the "wind"). I wont return it because its not worth the hassle, but I am a bit disappointed.
 Wow, I've owned two of these now. When the first one failed after a year and a half, I didn't get very excited. It was a decent fan for the money. But this fan failed almost exactly after 1 year. I bought this fan July 14 2014. It is now August 5, just under three weeks after the warranty. It failed because the "bearings," aka nylon sleeve, seized up. A little too much "Planned obsolescence," for me.<br/><br/>So I guess the moral of the story is, as long as you know you are getting a 1 year fan for the price, go for it.
 I purchased this fan for my desk at work. It was bigger than I expected, but not too big to have on my desk. Being that I work in a call center, I can't have this fan directly on me while I'm on a call or it will sound windy on my phone mic, even at  the lowest setting. As hot as it gets here in Texas, it works well for me when I come in from outside &amp; I don't regret my choice. I am very hot blooded so it's hard for me to cool down.  This fan does a good job of it. I would recommend it to anyone who needs a good fan for their personal area.
 Just received this, and it doesn't work. All it does is hum, and yet the blades don't move.
 I am VERY disappointed with this fan. It’s not a very cheap fan, it’s pretty average priced. However, this fan is SO LOUD. I bought it for white noise in my son’s room. It’s not the blades or air that make noise, it’s the motor. It is so loud, it will actually keep my kids awake!
 I bought this to use at work to blow air in my face whilst sitting at my desk. I had an older one of the same model that seemed to blow air a little bit better. My one complaint would be that there doesn't seem to be much difference between the low setting and high. The high setting is much louder, but oddly you feel about the same amount of air blowing on you. The older one I had wasn't like that. but this new one is still great and the $11 price tag can't be beat.
 One of my large breed dogs has a special love of laying in front of fans. And, he also likes a fan on him, when it's a bit to cool for anyone else in my home. So, I've been buying and trying lots of small fans for his use for approximately a year. This one is perfect!!! He loves it and the family loves that it's not noisey. The three levels are perfect to adjust the airfow as needed.
 As long as Honeywell keeps making these fans with great electric motors, I'll keep buying them. I have this version of the fan that's now 12 years old. Still chugging along. I've dropped it countless times, it's dusty as heck... but it just keeps running.<br/><br/>Now for this new fan, I've ran it every night since I bought it, and it works perfectly. Also for those who need as white noise for sleep, the noise this fan makes is constant. So if you happen to need a small amount of white noise this fan will do. I use it for both keeping cool and drowning out the neighbors noise in the morning.
 Excellent desk fan. Bought it because the office that I work in is almost always hot.<br/><br/>Noise - Very Quiet. Somewhat Audible if on the highest setting and you are beside it but not disturbing or distracting to others.<br/><br/>Size - Medium. Easly to fit comfortably on a desk.<br/><br/>Air Flow - Excellent. I keep it on a setting of 1 (lowest) and I am cool in seconds. It can blow a breeze that can be felt at 10 feet on level 3 however.<br/><br/>Quality of material - Plastic but sturdy enough. It doesn't feel cheap and so long as it's on a desk, I can imagine it lasting for years.<br/><br/>Value - For $15 (when I bought it) it has tremendous value and makes my daily life more comfortable.
 For such a low price, my expectation was low but this little guy packs a quiet punch!  I have mine plugged into a smart plug on a time to cool in the afternoon or accept voice command override.  Super happy with this purchase and recommend!
 Bought this for my college dorm after my tiny box fan broke and my friend recommended this one. It’s pretty powerful even on the first setting. The third setting actually makes me cold unless the weather is really hot and humid. My only problems with this small fan is that it only moves up and down and the cord is kinda short. I have a high shelf above my desk and the cord doesn’t reach the wall outlet.
 Where has this been all my life?  I am always hot due to menopause and live in Texas where summers are ugly.  I put this next to my chair in the living room and it blows right on my face and feels wonderful.  It's also very quiet, I could probably sleep with it on.  It's not going to replace ceiling fans in the house, but it is a welcome adjunct.
 Update 3/21/18: It died after only 4 months of use.<br/><br/>Original 11/17 (5 stars): My boyfriend needed some background/white noise to sleep- this thing is perfect! It's not too loud that it drowns out everything (like our upstairs neighbor with the wood floors- ugh), but it keeps most city noises at bay.
 This fan works good and can be hung on a wall or in a grow tent but is also made very well. I bought 2 and one has a slight rattle but I don't use it in a living or sleeping area. The other is quiet other than the air flow noise
 Do not get this fan if you are looking to cool a room down. The blades are tiny and barely move air. Most fans have big blades that push a lot of air and that creates a nice breeze, but this create one focused stream that you can't feel unless directly in front of it.
 Love this fan. It is not as high powered as other models but it definitely does its job. Other models may have a bit more power, but I have found them to be loud and make a strange buzzing noise when placed on hard wood. However, this fan barely makes a peep. It's great to place on my desk without making any unpleasant noise. And though it isn't the most high powered fan around the Honeywell models--it gives a fantastic breeze and is absolutely a steal for the price!
 I have purchased this fan for years and have been pleased. Received today, compared with my existing fan and found the following changes: substantially lighter, smaller motor, smaller fan blades, high speed is equivalent to previous low speed. Medium and low speeds move almost no air at all. No "turboforce" here. Would struggle to blow out a birthday cake candle. Pick another brand!
 This is a pretty quiet fan. It is much bigger than I thought it would be. It works great for me to put in my bedroom floor facing me to sleep. I used bread and dawn to show he size of it.
 I got this fan so I could use it in my room at night. After I purchased the fan in August 2013, I used it for the first few weeks. My roommate felt that it was too cold, so I stopped using it all together. A few days ago (it is now January 2014), I realized that I can now use it again since my roommate relocated to another room. When I plugged it back in, it was working fine until I decided to use it this morning and it refused to turn on. I tried different plugs - nothing. It is really unfortunate because I feel like I hardly had time to "break it in" before it broke down. I would definitely not recommend this product.
 Fan arrived in “drop kick” fashion at my door. Fan works but it is quiet compared to an identical model I bought about 10 years ago (best fan noise ever) I wouldn’t call this “turbo force” more like “broken hand dryer force”
 I ordered this for travel where there is no a/c.  The weight was a major consideration since it will be in my suitcase.  The listing states:  "Item Weight 1 pounds"  Absolute hogwash!  This fan weighs 6-7 lbs.  It is also very deep so too bulky for a suitcase unless you want to leave half your necessities at home.
 Loved this fan when I first got it. Did a nice a job of cooling down the room despite its little size. However 2 and a half months after purchasing it, it died. One night I turned it on and when I woke in the morning it was off and would not turn back on despite trying several different outlets. Would not recommend.
 Excellent fan. Small, quiet and moves air. I bought three. One for the bedroom. One to dry out the shower room, and one for the living room. I have gone through numerous fans, and often they are to noisy and start to rattle. This one on the lowest setting gives me no complaints. Hope they last at least a year. You never know no days. Would buy again.
 These little fans are fantadtic. I was scetical because of the low Price and size but I bought one for my bedroom. I was shocked. It is as powerful as a larger fan and rotates the air much more than I thought such a small size would do. And all work beautifully AND Quietly.  I liked it so much that I ordered 2 more for my workshop and atrium. I Highly recommend.
 I got this for my dad who always complains of being hot. I thought it was battery operated for some reason, as I was buying it for him for when they go out camping (in a camper), but it is a plug in style. We still gave it to him, and he quite likes it. He uses it all night to sleep with and it is much quieter than his old one. It is also fairly lightweight so it isn't a hassle to take with.
 Does NOT have Turbo Force Power.  The highest speed produces a gentle breeze, soft enough to hold close to your face.  It can Not be felt from 27' away.  More like 5' or LESS.  Worth the price as a personal fan, but does not do what it's advertised to do.
 These are nice, but they only tilt up, not down. You can aim them from 90 degrees (pointing straight) to 0 degrees (pointing straight up), but you can't point them greater than 90 degrees (pointing down) in any way. You would have to prop the back up the base up on a book or something to aim it down. It has 3 speeds and is pretty strong. This fan is a bit noisy though. Not like clatter clatter bang bang or anything, but it is loud.
 I've had one of these running on a timer in my basement for six years without any maintenance or attention whatsoever; it's a workhorse. I just got three more to run along the other walls. Excellent little machine for the price.
 Nice powerful little fan, my husband loves to have a fan in his face at night and this dose the trick, he was sad when his last fan died, it was a oscillating table fan same brand that had lasted for years. Went for this one since he doesn't use the osculating part. He loves it
 Best fan! It’s so quiet and strong. I have gone thru three because they do for after about a year of use which is upsetting but they’re my favorite fan due to the low noise level so I keep replacing them!
 When I opened package and pulled out the fan, it was larger than I expected. I thought it was going to be small desktop model. I was pleasantly surprised that it was larger. It still fits on a desktop but I imagine it will blow papers everywhere if not weighted down. It is very quiet and even on low is cooling. I am pleased with my purchase.
 Works great. This one has a little more noise than there other models. However, I thought I was being a nice boyfriend by getting the quiet one. Turns out she can't sleep with that one I needs this one where there's a noise!
 OUTSTANDING fan. I bought several at Walmart - should have bought more than just the one here, Amazon was le$$.<br/><br/>I don't know exactly what does it, but this fan stands out from the crowd. In a shelf display of several, I could feel this dominate.
 Horrible. When I ordered this, it was lost in shipping so they had to send a new one. No big deal, whatever. Then when it gets here, I could tell it was nowhere near as good as my old Honeywell. The stand isn't sturdy at all, literally wiggles. The fan itself was just weak. I could barely feel it when I lay in bed like 3 feet away but I got used to that pretty fast. Again, no big deal. But now it won't even turn on month later. This whole experience has been horrible which is really disappointing because I loved my old Honeywell.
 I expected more air flow.  I guess at $15 I shouldn't complain but you couldn't blow a small stack of paper from 6 feet away with this thing.  If you absolutely must have a small blade fan, spend a little more and go with the 15 inch blades or look into something with a stronger motor.
 This fan is fine for close range use, like a desk.  I'm rating this fan a 3 star since it's advertised as "Turbo" implying more power.  If you are trying to create a significant draft in a large room, say larger than 12x12 feet, I would go with a model with more power and less focus on being quiet.  This works well for low volume white noise.  It balances fine and is nicely adjustable.<br/><br/>I bought it to replace a cheap big box hardware store model Polar Aire LF-8TB I bought for $15 several years ago (now about $22).  The LF-8TB is twice as powerful, but more noisy.  I find the LF-8TB to have the same output on medium as the high mode on the Honeywell,  For this reason, I would prefer having a more powerful fan with the option to use the low mode.
 This was a replacement to one we had. This one was super weak in that the highest speed was very low...making the lowest speed almost nonexistent. We weren’t happy and pretty much just ended up using it to replace the broken parts on the old one.
 I read the mixed reviews about output on this fan, and decided to risk it at the low price. I needed a small fan for my son's bedroom. The high setting on this fan is what I would consider to be a low. It doesn't move much air, and the adjustment (up &amp; down) range leaves a lot to be desired for me. It arrived on time with no issues. I would not buy this again.
 I rely on a fan to be able to sleep peacefully at night. Prior to my purchase I owned a Honeywell fan, and after about a year the motor stopped working. So being as I liked the features and ease of use I set out to find a similar fan within my price range (this fan def wasn't cheap but it wasn't extremely expensive as far as fans go).<br/>So I was thrilled when it arrived and for the first month it worked like a charm. Imagine my surprise after a couple months it would start and stop with no apparent cause (very similar to the behavior of my first Honeywell when it was on its last leg). Then one night it was done, caput, no shaking it or pleading was reviving it. I was incredibly disappointed as this was BRAND NEW!<br/>So I set to a solution. This was new, therefore the company should be willingly to return and send a new one...<br/>and they were, IF I PAID FOR RETURN SHIPPING!<br/>Shipping a bulky, semi-heavy fan is not cheap and cost close to the original purchase price. I couldn't believe it since it was new.<br/>No amount of explaining helped so my new fan went where it belonged, THE TRASH.<br/>I'll never buy another Honeywell product and have urged my friends and family to do the same.<br/>A company that doesn't stand by their products and forces you to pay for return shipping on a product they sold as faulty, is not a company I want to associate with; when there's great reputable companies willing to sell quality items and back them up.
 This is the second one of these fans that i have purchased. The last on i had ran constantly for about 2 1/2 years. I probably only turned it off 5 times during that period. This is a great fan. It is pretty quiet and moves the air well. I have m ounted it on the wall a few times and the mounting holes on the base of this fan make for a very sturdy way to do that.
 I had an older model of this same fan that stopped working.  This new one barely moves any air.  You'd have to have it less than 2 feet from you to feel the air move.  Disappointing from this brand.
 Our house does not have central air, and the window unit we have does pretty good for our small home, but my bedroom is hot if I leave the door closed.  I spend most of my time in my room as it is also my "office", so I need to be able to close the door.  I had been looking for a fan to use in my room that wasn't huge as I don't have much room to put one.  I thought about a laptop usb fan, but they are more than I wanted to pay for one, and reviews weren't all that great. I can't remember how I came across this fan at a deal price, but I did, and the reviews were great so I grabbed it for $12.79.<br/><br/>This fan arrived only yesterday, and I couldn't wait to try it out.  The first thing I noticed is it has that new plastic odor you get from new electronics.  Quite strong actually, but after I turned it on, the odor dissipated greatly within a minute or less. I set it on top of my dresser which is at a higher level than my recliner where I work, and is also about 10' away from me.  I turned it on the middle speed, set it so that it was not facing me, but facing about a foot or more to the right of me, so the breeze would go past me, but not at my face. It is quiet, efficient, cooling me off very nicely, and keeping my room very comfortable.<br/><br/>When it was time to cook lunch, I took it into the kitchen as I've been wanting to get a fan to hang on the wall of my kitchen so it would help to cool me off while I am standing over my induction burner. I was already sweating in there before I even started cooking. Threw some mushrooms in a pan to sautee for burgers, and half way through cooking them, I realized I wasn't sweating anymore, and was actually cool and quite comfortable! That impressed me so much that after lunch, I got back on here to see if it was still on sale, and it was!  So, I ordered another one!<br/><br/>My elderly father is also impressed with it, and wants one for his room too, and he already has a nice lasko tower fan in there, but the breeze from this fan feels different....maybe because it's not so forceful, yet it works better than a forceful fan. I can't explain it, I just know that it works great......so great that I ordered another one only hours after receiving it the same day!  I've never done that with anything before that I can recall.<br/><br/>I plan on using these this winter to help spread the warm air from the heaters.  The one that is coming, I plan on mounting on my wall in the kitchen.<br/><br/>The only con that I have for this fan is that it doesn't tilt down forward. It tilts backwards, so that it can face a ceiling, but not forwards.  If it moved whatever direction you wanted it to, it'd be even better.  I wanted it to blow over me while I slept last night, so I moved the stand behind it, and set it so it would be more on me.  (I'll include a photo of what I mean, as well as other images, and one next to an 8oz spray bottle to give an idea of the size of the fan.) Essentially, the round part of the fan itself was sitting on my dresser, with the stand raised behind it. If it was able to tilt downward, it would be better, but it did work to keep me cool and comfortable last night. I'll be sleeping like that from now on.  Better than any ceiling fan I have ever had.<br/><br/>I might just have to buy a 3rd one while it's still at the discounted price in case anything happens to this one or the one on the way....plus my dad did say he wanted one........gonna have to get it. Actually, I am thinking of getting at least 2 more.....one for the basement as well, because that's where my rower and other exercise equipment is, and many times I wish I had a fan down there....lol.  This fan is really that good that I am actually considering getting 2 or 3 more so quickly after already purchasing 2!
 The high setting is what used to be medium. It's not as efficient and it doesn't create the white noise that it used to.... Also, the control knob feels like it's going to snap off when you turn it
 So far it does what I wanted it for, is white noise. I bought it for sleep at night for a light noise. It is quiet but has a light humming sound to help sleep at night. Completely silent if you point to the ceiling and have nothing behind it obstructing airflow. But like I said I wanted the noise.
 Very disappointed, I have the same exact fan and have had it a couple of years, This was to replace it because it's starting to have issues.  The new fan barely blows, On High it doesn't even blow as hard as the old one on low.  Did Honeywell change something or did I get a lemon?
 Love this little fan! I keep one in the kitchen and another in the bathroom.  Air movement is perfect and it's small enough to pack and go.  I have to have air moving to sleep and this fan is a work horse, noise level is pleasant to keep out distracting noise.
 I have a few of these in various strategic places around the house and office (Hello menopause hot flashes).  It has several options for air flow direction and intensity. I bought this one to replace one I've been using almost constantly for 5 years. It has unbeatable quality and a VERY affordable price point.
 Early days yet, I just got it.  Love it: plug and play.  It is quiet, it is powerful for such a small thing, and it meets needs I didn't even know I had.  (We've recently suffered a heat wave in SF).  I would buy it again in a heartbeat, assuming it will hold have a reasonable and trouble-free life expectancy.
 It's cheap, quiet, and small, but moves a decent amount of air. After about 5 years of use, my first one started sounding rough--I had used it for many hours while working under my house, generating huge amounts of dust (silt and concrete) in tight quarters (wearing a respirator). I think the bearings/bushings got worn or just dried out. Very happy to buy another.
 Happy with this fan purchase because it looks very cool and the three speeds are nicely spaced out.  Moves more air then expected, especially given how quiet it is.  Sound from the fan is lower in frequency do to lower RPM.  No complaints as it is more easily drowned out by my TV audio then the 6" fan it replaces.  Only complaint is the 5-positions for tilting/aiming the fan.  It is limited to straight-horizontal to straight-vertical in 5 steps.  The steps are needed because the fan housing is not balanced at the pivot points of the stand.  If the 5-positions were not there then the motor assembly would make the fan tilt upward and point to the ceiling.  I loosened the two side screws and found this out.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, I need the fan to tilt downward toward my feet, so I drilled one more hole on each side of the stand into the metal plate at the pivot points.  Effectively producing 6-positions for aiming, with one of them aiming downward.  Working just fine this way!
 I got two of these in November '15; one of them died in August '16. One still works fine, the other began having trouble getting its blade started (it would take up to five minutes after turning the power on), and eventually just stopped working altogether. It's a cheap plastic casing that can't be opened, so there's no way to free the rotor (I think the design can't handle a little bit of collected dust.)<br/><br/>So, one works, meaning I sort of paid double. It was only $15, so am not going to spend a bunch of time finding out what Honeywell's guarantee is. I doubt it's a year on something like this.<br/><br/>Not planning on buying another Honeywell fan, that's for sure.
 Happy with it! Going to be honest i was in between a few different fan options and got this one because of someone else’s review on here titled “a poem about a fan”. Hilarious. His poem was right! SLIGHTLY louder than i would like but the sounds actually calms my stepson to sleep so if he is happy i am happy! If anything i wish there was a way it could clip to his bunk bed because it doesn’t reach far from his dresser to his bed. It doesn’t feel like a cheap fan though. Used it while painting the basement and it was knocked around a bit and Held up well!
 We have bought 2 of these fans over the last few years. The first worked acceptably for about a year or so, and then had trouble switching on until you jiggled the cord, which is never a sign of good construction. Then it started making noises like it needed oil. It still works, but it is very noisy now. We bought a second one so that we could put the noisy one away until really needed. The second one stopped working completely after about 11 months. It hums when you turn it on, but the fan does not spin. We tried to oil the spindle by dripping oil through the plastic grating, but no luck. It is toast.<br/><br/>These fans are cheap, and you get what you pay for. If you need something that will last more than a year, look elsewhere.
 Sure, this fan is compact and quiet... but it's quiet because it hardly moves any air.  The fact that they call it TurboForce makes it sound like it's going to move air, but even on the highest setting, it's simply a slight, barely noticeable breeze.  I'm not sure what I'm going to do with this, but I will need to buy another fan because this one absolutely does almost nothing.  Very disappointing.
 It slowly lost power over the year and a half we owned it until the high setting barely produced much power. Finally it stopped working. This is the second honeywell fan we owned, and the other failed similarly.
 Exactly what I was looking for! Small, but powerful for the price. It is compact and fits on my windowsill. I also love how it props up-- I'll even put it on my bed during the hot evenings and it is still very sturdy. Also love how much it adjusts up and down and yet, still feels sturdy &amp; doesn't feel like it'll break. I love my little fan and would definitely recommend this item!
 Great value for your money! I got this fan for ~$8. The shipping was fast! I am using it as a computer desk fan, and it is wonderful! almost overkill actually. For being a small fan, it moves a deal of air in a tight cone direction, this is nice, so I don't have to be starring down the barrel of a fan.<br/><br/>The fan is really quite too! (for as fans go)
 I have had this fan on highest setting for 3 weeks straight without ever turning it off and it works perfect.<br/><br/>I love the way the fan blows air and I love its 4 or 5 tilt functions.<br/><br/>For a fan in this size group.. this honeywell can't be beat. If I ever need another fan thats a little bigger I will buy the bigger honeywell turboforce model.<br/><br/>This is a great fan!
 This little fan is quite powerful, especially for its size. Bought it to replace a broken box fan we keep in the window and it's like night and day in terms of air movement. It's also very quiet, so you can use it in areas where noise would be an issue such as a bedroom or even an office.
 Quiet and really moves a lot of air! Cools a small room by itself using the medium or high levels. Plan to buy one or two more to cool my living room and dining room areas. A lot cheaper than running the A/C when all you need is a nice breeze!
 I've been using this same fan since about 2009.  My first one stopped working after years and years of every day use, so I bought a new one a few years ago (about 2014) and that one is still holding up just perfectly.  It cools off the entire room!! I purchased this (third) one after moving into a new apartment, since I now have multiple rooms I want to use it in.  This is the only small fan I will buy!!
 Wow, this fan is perfect for a small room like a bedroom or dorm, or for spot work in a hot house.  It was 75 here on Christmas day and this little but powerful fan came in very handy.  It blows better than my ex's box fan and is half the size.  Nothing else will blow you as good as this for $15.  Two months later with practically daily use and it's still going like a champ.
 What happened to this Honeywell?!?!  We owned the 800 series in college, and so I thought this would be the same thing.  It does not have the power or cooling power that the older model offered.  I'm glad we aren't in our hot dorm room with this one.  It does provide a gentle breeze and is very quiet.<br/><br/>Update-<br/><br/>Only lasted one season.  A big disappointment since our 800 series Honeywell we purchased in college is still going strong over a decade later.  Why Honeywell?
 I have owned 4 of these fans and they do last. Very quiet. I use them for a corner fan in the doorway to push the warm air from the room with the wood stove down the hallway of my house. Much better and cheaper than the corner fans they sell in the box stores. Will buy another when I need one again.
 This fan is really quiet and pretty strong, I was quite happy with my purchase until the fan abruptly stopped working not even 2 mos after purchasing. The fan is inexpensive but I had hoped for a bit more longevity. I was previously thinking about buying another for another room but am glad I didn't since they don't last!
 Hadn't turned this fan off for at least 3 weeks. Still quiet. Solid buy as far as fans are concerned.
 Don't expect hurricane force winds from this, however it does make a nice table top or desk personal fan, although it takes up quite a bit of room on a desk. Won't tilt down is a drawback for placing it higher up on a shelf. Seems to be well made. It's not a bad fan for the price. And NO, no one paid me to write this or gave me the fan free! That policy completely undermines the trust buyers USED TO HAVE for this website. Bad move, Bezos!
 This fan is convenient to create white noise. We have it on a nightstand in our bedroom and after nearly a year of use there has been no trouble with it. The head of the unit is adjustable and there are three different speeds. We have found it to be well worth the money.
 We bought this to have something in hotel rooms. First off it’s light and easy to carry.  My husband is an extremely warm blooded mammal and this lil sucker works like a charm! If you don’t want it blowing right on you we also pointed it to the ceiling and it created a perfect wind tunnel. You CANNOT beat the price on this fan - get it now - you won’t regret it :-)
 Fan worked well for two weeks and started acting erratically. Something wrong or broken with the motor. Changed power source, cleaned housing, etc., all to no avail. The fan would blast at full speed and then slow down, eh, eh, eh, and start up again. Same behavior in all three speeds-- I suspect a defective motor.
 They changed the base on the new model and now it requires 2 screws to hold it in place on a wall as opposed to 1 screw that is centered on the base. Also this one does not hold its angled position as well as the old style. Why change a good product.  I don't think it cost them any less to produce and it definitely wasn't an improvement.  Still moves air as well and may be a little quieter may be. We use it to push warm air from above our wood stove in the basement. It does that well but as I said I had to add a 2nd screw to mount it on the wall. I think my son borrowed the older version that still worked fine after 8yrs.
 Wow, a fan without noise. This is a powerful fan that is silent. It is well made. The base is sturdy. It is close to me and I do not have to change the volume of the television set. I can tell this is a keeper.
 the new model is pretty close to the older one....seems a bit lighter is all...<br/>all the controls are exactly the same....<br/>the old model is still running smooth years later...I imagine this new one will be just as good.....<br/>three speeds makes it very easy to adjust the air flow....easily sits in our window sill without being a big nuisance....<br/>I like the sounds these make....<br/>I do not want the fans to be too quiet...as I use them also for sleep help---like those noise machines set to wind etc....<br/>mutes out the offensive noise when I am try to go to sleep....
 I've had this thing for 7 months. Been a great fan since I bought it, however 7 months later it completely craps out. 1 star because I'm just disappointed I didn't even get a year out of it.
 Nice little fan for a table, dresser, night stand or wherever you want to put it, fan pivots up and down, has three speeds, long enough AC cord to reach electrical outlets, and seems to be well made which is just what I expected from Honeywell! Just wish it made a little more noise at high speed as need to have that fan noise to sleep good...something I have needed and been use to hearing since I was a kid! ...call me crazy I guess! LOL!
 These things move some serious air and doesn't cost anywhere NEAR a (starts with a V, ends with a "ornado").<br/><br/>On low you not only feel air on the output side but you can feel air being pulled in from the backside. It's not loud on low. If it's on hi, just move it away from where you're sitting so you can't hear it hardly at all. You should feel the air moving like a nice light breeze.
 Love my little fan, I need this to sleep with, I need the noise. While it's not that loud, it's just enough "white noise" to help me sleep during the day with all the life going on outside of my apartment. It also puts out a good amount of breeze, I usually don't aim it at my bed and can still feel the breeze. I bought this one particular fan because I had one before (my son swiped it) and I loved it! Oh! and it doesn't vibrate off the night stand.
 Perfect! Pretty powerful for such a tiny fan. I'm someone that has to sleep with a fan, 1. for the noise and 2. for the air circulation and 3. Cause I am an furnace when I sleep. I love how it hangs on the wall, certainly leaves me some extra room which I appreciate in a NY apartment. ''
 Louder then expected. I bought this to circulate air in a room with a projector and a fireplace. The fan sits about 15ft from the seating area and can always be heard, even when on low. The volume of the speakers has to be significantly higher to drown out the sound.
 I've been using this fan for four months.  It's decent build quality and moves a lot of air, I only use it on the lowest setting.  It's only been four months however and it sounds like it's already wearing out.  It now makes an annoying rattling noise when on and I've checked that nothing in the housing or otherwise is loose or coming apart.  It just sounds like a fan that has the bearings going bad.
 One can only imagine the fright I got when the fan stopped 10 seconds after I put it on. I was so traumatized and consulted with my sister who diagnosed that the problem must be with the fuse.<br/>Unfortunately, nobody tells you this when you are a prospective buyer. They only show you the "good stuff" and allow you to figure the rest out.
 This is our second Honeywell HT-900.  The old one is still going strong, we've been using it daily for 4 years now.  What I like about the old one is the fan housing is solidly built and doesn't rattle at all (I've never taken it apart to clean it, we don't think it needs it), it's suitable for use in the bedroom because it doesn't disturb our sleep.  The new one that we bought a month ago is exactly the same.  It doesn't make much noise on low, we have it aimed at our Roku box because the Roku tends to overheat otherwise.  On high mode, it's loud of course but it moves a lot of air.  Quite happy with the Honeywell HT-900 fans.
 Great little fan for the price.  A friend  used fan in her insanely overheated office. After borrowing hers, I bought my own. I am in love! The women in  my office have the heaters on when it is 90 degrees out, so this fan has been a lifesaver at work. It's quiet, no assembly, and so reliable. I have really bad back, and I tote this to meetings. Definitely worth it!
 I love it. I did not buy this fan for white noise, I bought it to keep me cool and move air around in my cubicle at work. I am always hot, especially after going outside for walks, and any suggestion of adjusting the thermostat brings scowls from all the women huddled at their desks in sweaters. So I got this. It works great, and on low speed, is only a touch louder than my laptop's CPU fan when it is running at full speed (which it often is). That's exactly what I wanted. I do not want my cubicle neighbors to think they are sitting next to a wind farm. If you want white noise, I highly recommend the LectroFan, also available here on Amazon.
 Works well, no issues. Powerful stream of air that can easily be felt 20 feet away. Great for circulation and moving air around. Great if you need to air out a room or dry the carpet. Not a desk fan by any means, simply takes up too much real estate for that. But good floor or tabletop fan. Good fan for the office staff and people to use. Highly recommend.
 I love this fan. So many tabletop fans don’t disperse the air forward, but rather scatter it around the edges, and they don’t get much air to their intended targets. This one is great. The air goes right where I point it. It is great for keeping cool at night in the summer without over-using the A/C.
 This fan is my second one. However, this fan worked great for the first several months, and now it rattles. I need to see if the screws have loosened. The fan puts out significant air.
 Cheap! It works, sometimes I swear it starts real slowly when I first turn it on once in a while or maybe it's just real quiet. Wish I could point it in a few more positions. Can't complain too much, really inexpensive. Curious how much better a Vornado is in a similar size.
 We foster kittens, so we bought this for the room we have set up for them (think of an 8x10 nursery...BUT FOR KITTENS! OMG) It hasn't gotten hot enough in there to use it regularly, but it cools that room quite well due to the size of the space.<br/><br/>I tried it out in a room us humans use when it was hot as the Devil's tears one day. You have to sit pretty close to it to feel it in a larger room, so I just put it right next to my piano. Now when I play, I'm cool and I look even cooler. And it's pretty quiet so bonus: it doesn't overshadow me while I butcher well loved Beatles songs. This fan makes me feel beautiful and respected.
 I bought this fan to share the AC in our RV with our northern dog with gobs of fur but when our AC went out due to a defect in our Winnebago 2017 View, it was the only air we had left and I was grateful to have it. It blows fairly strongly for its size and is very lightweight and stable. I know when he got to use it my dog loved it also.
 Bought this b/c I own an older version and needed a second. This one operates with half the power and fan speed. While it runs smooth and quiet, I bought it to replicate the other one I have. The power is weak, but there should nothing ‘wrong’ with the unit.
 I got this fan primarily for white noise. It is not very loud so if you want to drown out more than persistent early morning 'I-am-awake-so-you-should be-too-human' mews from a usually lovable kitty, this might not be the best fit. It works well for me, but I have only had it for two night so far. I might update if I find any big or concerning issues but otherwise, this works great for white noise and a gentle breeze.
 The fan worked just as expected of a fan. It was pretty quiet and strong, perfect for my dorm room.<br/><br/>However, a few months in, it began making a strange humming/rattling sound that is too loud for me to sleep with.
 Worked for 2 years then completely stopped working.  I may do research on how to fix, but I would spend an extra $10 for something that will last more than 2 years.  I will never buy a Honeywell product again.  For the record, performance started to falter after only a couple of months.
 I have downgraded this fan to 2 stars after it quit in less than nine months. I had an older version of this fan which looked exactly like the <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Chillout-2-Speed-Personal-Fan-GF-55/dp/B004J6B08C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Chillout 2-Speed Personal Fan, GF-55</a> but with a "Honeywell" nameplate on it, and it lasted a dozen years. Both fans collected dust and quickly looked like Spanish Moss was growing inside, but neither had any way to open for cleaning. I am going with the <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Lasko-2002W-Personal-Fan-6-Inch/dp/B00FXOFNVY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Lasko 2002W Personal Fan, 6-Inch</a> this time. At least, with the Lasko, the fan cage can be popped open for cleaning.
 I bought two of these fans for white noise while sleeping.  After checking our current fans I was looking for some low power options.  Our current fans used 80-120 watts.  These use 20 watts on the low setting and 30 watts on the high setting.  It has to be on the high setting to be loud enough for white noise.  On the low setting you can barely hear it, which is good if that is what you are going for.  They are small and don't move a lot of air, but enough if you are going to use it as a personal desk fan or something like that.  Overall we are very happy with these.
 I needed a small fan to keep cool at night. At first I was discouraged<br/>from some of the reviews however, I decided try it out for myself.<br/>As soon as we received the package, I ripped it open and plugged<br/>it in to test the wind force...<br/><br/>I was delightfully surprised at the pleasent breeze the small fan<br/>can produce. in rereading some of the reviews, I wonder if some<br/>of the reviewers were looking for an AC unit in a fan platform??<br/><br/>Definitely recommend this unit if you're looking for a pleasant<br/>breeze at night to keep you fresh.
 It's not a super powerful fan but it gets the job done in a small space. I love that it was quiet. We took it on a cruise with us to keep in the cabin and keep air circulating and it definitely kept us cool at night
 It worked fine for about a year, using it sporadically.  Now it won't turn on...it will but it might take five minutes for the blades to start turning, it might take 10 minutes, it might not turn on at all.  It was inexpensive, so maybe I got my money out of it, but it's frustrating because it makes me want to just leave it on all the time once it's on.  I think it's going in the trash today.
 The Good!<br/>Fits on my desk perfectly and works wayyyy better than I had expected.<br/><br/>The Bad<br/>It is not the quietest fan on the market and it is on the larger side for a desk fan but I actually have the space for it. Others may not have as much space as i do.
 Great airflow and the perfect amount of noise. I keep this on my desk at work-- I want a little background noise and this one is spot on.<br/><br/>I just ordered my second one. The first one lasted almost exactly two years after being ran pretty much 24/7 the entire time. It died a few minutes ago and I immediately jumped back on to order another one, thus why I'm here. I hope that says something!
 I have one of the older versions of this fan and it is great.  Really great, but the one that I ordered recently fried the first time I plugged it in.  It worked for about 10 seconds then started to smell like an electrical fire and started smoking.  I had it plugged into a normal outlet nothing crazy the same outlet I've used my older one on a 1000 times.  Fortunately it was cheap.  So maybe I got what I paid for in a way.  Price isn't enough to worry with the hassle of getting a replacement or anything.<br/><br/>EDIT:  Turns out I had something wrong with the socket I used.  So the fan may be great.  I feel stupid but it is my responsibility to own my error and report that the product is probably just fine.  Changing my rating to 4 stars simply because I loved the old version of this fan and I'm sure if I hadn't fried it with a faulty socket it probably would have been great too.
 Already had this exact same fan for 5 years and use it every night to sleep. Bought another one for my office during the summer. This fan is super high quality and will not die. It's amazing! If it ever does happen to fail, I will buy another one. 100% worth it!
 this thing is so flippen great, I want 40 more. Has a plethora of angles for whichever purpose you need to feel the powerful cooling of angels' breaths. 3 speeds, lightweight, even has option to mount on a wall. or in the closet while you twirly twirl in your long skirts and practice your best album cover picture with perfectly wind blown hair - not the wind blown hair look that attacks your lip gloss and then gives you lipgloss war paint. This 9th wonder of the world can be angled to bounce off varying surfaces to maximize it's gloriousness in your life all while maintaining a very low meditation hum.
 I'm not sure how much air this is supposed to push, however it doesn't feel like as much as even my little USB desk fan. However even with this, it fits my needs for now.<br/>My main concern was the fact it was shipped in the fan box itself, and was all tore up. As far as I can see, this hasn't affected it at all, unless that's why the max setting is so lack luster.
 I love love this little fan so much that I bought another one in white for my kitchen. Bought this really to keep the floor area of my bedroom cool for my dogs but it really circulates the air. I usually only have to keep it on low(because of the AC). You will not regret buying this fan and the size may look small but it is mighty.
 not sure why I expected more from such a cheap fan, Pro's are that it's cheap and quiet. Cons: The "turboforce" name is deceiving, it blows a gentle breeze at best<br/><br/>UPDATE: I have run this fan non stop for about 9 months straight, still works like new
 DO NOT BUY!!<br/><br/>This fan died after less than eight months of light use.  The 1-year warranty covering the product requires that the fan be shipped at my cost to Kaz Incorporated in Tennessee and that I send $10 for the cost to return it.  That totals more than the price of the fan, so the warranty is worthless.<br/><br/>This is the first time I've had to give such a negative review to a product purchased on Amazon.<br/><br/>I repeat:  Garbage.  Do not buy.
 Very compact and sturdy.  Has great circulation. Honestly ordered because I need the white noise of a fan to sleep at night. Sounded perfectly smooth and not too loud. Has 3 different speed settings which is nice. Great product for the price.
 great little fan. I bought this because I need a small fan running every night for sleeping, and the former fan I was using quit working, this is a nice, sturdy fan, runs fairly quiet. puts out some pretty amount of air for being a little fan. better than my last one did. doesn't take up to much room on my night stand and seems pretty sturdy. overall a good fan and would buy another one.
 We were looking for a louder style small tabletop fan to put in the nursery for white noise at night. It makes less sound when sitting on the floor but just the right amount we needed when sitting on the dresser on the highest setting. It has allot of power for such a small fan, I prefer it for cooling off over the huge win machine we have in our bedroom. It has three settings so the sound is pretty quiet on the two lowest settings.<br/>Update: 6 months later it has completely stopped working.
 Worked great for 9 months. Lightly used at office during the day. Never disassembled or damaged or even moved. Strange burning smell starting coming from the fan, and it died a minute after.
 I live in Florida. It's hot. This fan is cool. With 3 adjustable speeds, there's always a way to find your perfect level of coolness. My boyfriend originally ordered this for his desk at work but then realized it was a little too large for that since he didn't read the product description (MEN, am I right?). However, it all worked out since we use it to keep our bedroom cooler at night.
 We have been using this fan for about a year. It's still working well but I have noticed when we angle it upward, it doesn't work as well. It has definitely slowed down overall since we have purchased it. But it does still move air fairly well, on the highest speed. I would say it's just an ok fan.
 I love this fan! I finally have some real air circulation in my bathroom, which keeps it from getting humid and overheated. Powerful! Will definitely be going with this one moving forward: Thank You!
 I just moved to florida and my apt didn't have a ceiling fan in the bedroom, so I got this instead. super powerful for such a small fan! it's enough to keep me cool while 10 feet away in my bed. been running it every night for 2 months now (and some days for my dogs) and no sign of it wearing out.
 Truly disappointed! Bought this for our daughter's room, and at first it worked great. Quieter than I had hoped, and not as much power of a fan...unless you are really close. Then randomly for the past few weeks, it has stopped working in the middle of the night. Which is really irritating, since our daughter's room heats up quickly! I do NOT recommend this product to anyone. Save your time and money! Get something worthwhile that will actually work right, last a long time, and won't cause issues.
 Ordered two fans separately and both have stopped working within a month. Its not an over voltage or over current issue since my home is protected from surges. Also checked the fuse on the plug of the device with a multimeter and is functional. Definitely a bad design issue or some kind of systemic problem. Honeywell needs to fix this.<br/><br/>Good as fan while it was working: cheap, not too noisy and good airflow.
 UPDATE: 3 months after purchase and it's dead. The return policy requires I pay almost as much for shipping  (in advance too) as the purchase price.. Sad and out of luck. My hopes of a long and uneventful relationship are dashed. Don't recommend<br/><br/>INITIAL PURCHASE: I am hoping it lasts a long time. it's running 24 hours a day in my plant room, and is doing a nice job of keeping the air moving about. Quite quiet. Nice size sitting on the shelf. No complaints.
 When I first got it out of the box it ran a bit louder then the older one I had. After a little bit it broke in and runs as quiet as the older fan. Same size better power. Much love.
 I use this for a desk fan at my office, since it was starting to get too hot in there -- and didn't want to keep complaining about the temperature. This does the job of keeping me cool, and is really the perfect size for my desk area. Not too big that it looks weird, and not too small that it can't pump out some wind.<br/><br/>With that said, a few complaints are that even the lowest setting it a bit high for my tastes, since the fan is only 2 feet away from me. Secondly, the speed adjustment knob is a bit awkwardly placed at the top of the back of the unit. Trying to reach and turn the knob while facing the fan is a bit difficult, as a lot of the plastic housing surrounds the area where you need to place your fingers.<br/><br/>My other complaint is that there are only a few angle adjustment settings. It's either straight forward, tilted up, or even more tilted up. I was hoping I could tilt it to any degree, but there are only a few different angles where it sticks/stays. I really wish I could angle it down a bit too, but that is not possible without setting something under the base to do so.
 This is the third one I've bought.  They last about a year and the motor doesn't work right I don't know know if they use cheap grease and it gets gummed up or what.  But the motor can't turn the blades after a while.  When it does work it pushes a lot of air for its little size
 I bought this end of December 2017 and after just over a month it stopped working properly. The window has closed for return. It has 3 speeds to adjust. It works as of now but on speed 3 it is slower than a regular speed 1. Not worth it. I doubt it will last much longer.
 I bought this to replace the same exact model fan that we purchased about 5 years ago. We always sleep with the fan on for white noise. The old model started rattling and driving me crazy. This model is much quieter than the old model, even on the highest setting. It's almost too quiet for the white noise but it works. I hope it lasts as long as the old one we had!
 Product a little strong on low setting. Fan is great and powerful I don't need super strong fan blowing me while I sleep. It's good that it is small and easy to carry around or move around
 Love the fan, when it is working.  I purchased on January 3, 2018 and it is now only February 20, 2018 and it will not turn on.  If they company will stand behind and solve the problem I will update to a 5 star as I like the product.
 I initially purchased a Vornado zippi for desktop use which was very cute, but really didn't provide any cooling. This fan moves lots of air, even on low speed and is very quiet ( on low). Power consumption is 25 watts on low, 29 on medium and 34 on high. It's kind of large for desktop use in my opinion,10 inches across and 11.5 inches tall. For me it's a keeper and was a great buy at Amazon Warehouse deals for $16.<br/>After reading other reviews about the warranty, it is a joke - Pay $6 postage(or more) AND include a $10 check to Kaz for warranty repair.
 I bought this fan because of the Poem. I don't know what he's talking about, this fan is weak, it hardly blows air. I'm not even going to bother returning it, but still, am a bit disappointed. Going to look for another. Got the smaller one, maybe should have gotten the bigger one?
 Love this fan. Was worried it might be too loud. It’s pretty quiet (I use it in my basement next to my desk, sitting on the carpeted floor). Speed variables are good as well as the angles you can set the fan at!!
 I got this fan to provide my kitchen with some air circulation (the window doesn't bring any air in). It's small and compact, so it was easy to just set on the floor in a corner to get the air moving. It's relatively quiet and hasn't lost power after being on continuously (we'll see what my energy bill looks like this month...). So far, I'm pleased with this little fan.
 This fan replaced an older model Honeywell fan in the same style (HT-800) that failed after years of good service. It does not move quite as much air at full blast, but it is much quieter. As I used the old one on the slowest setting to keep air moving around my bed in the summer, this one moves an equivalent amount of air at the second setting. And at that speed, it is still quieter there than the old one ever was. And the price was excellent.
 I have the earlier model of this fan.  It is very dirty and I can't clean it.  It still works fine, just blows the accumulated dirt out into the air sometimes.  I moved it to another room where that doesn't matter.  I wanted a new fan for my bedroom so I ordered this one which is just like the old one.  Some reviewers pointed out that it's not as powerful as before, which I found to be true also.  It doesn't matter to me, it's adequate for my needs.  The base is a slightly different shape but I don't find it unstable in any way.  I like the price is reasonable and it arrived in record time.  I'm happy with my purchase.
 Very quiet...almost too quite. I purchased this because my fan broke....ahhh!!! I can't sleep with out the sound of a fan and I thought this one would be perfect because it was small and the price was just right. Well it definitely works really well for how small it is but it's almost too quite. Either way I would definitely recommend this.
 Stan the fan is the fannliest fan in my fandom. If you need a good hard blowing on, I would sincerely advise you adopt Stan the fan into your home. Be aware though, he is a little noisy. That isn't necessarily a bad thing, if you are into that kind of thing.
 I have gone through a few of these fans, yet I keep coming back to purchase the same one. They eventually start making a different (annoying) sound, however, I use this fan every night all night. If you don't use it constantly it should last a little longer and I would definitely purchase. If you plan on using multiple hours at a time, possible invest in a higher quality one
 quit after a few hours and could not get it to work again. JUNK
 Powerful for its size, reasonably quiet, very directional (which is what I wanted). I bought it to use while riding a stationary bike, and it works very well for that purpose.
 Air flow is good, solid construction, multiple speed fan which can pivot up/down but does not oscillate. Oddly enough it has good air flow but doesn't feel overwhelming like some fans when they are close by. Works great for my purposes as I don't need it to oscillate where I have it. In some cases I point it away from me but nearby just to keep a good air flow in the room.
 Great little fan. Quiet when on low. The only thing that could be better is a bit louder when on high, I prefer the noise for the kid's rooms. Instead I use it on low in my room. Nice and sturdy, a little bulky for a small fan though.
 I bought this to replace my previous desk fan that died in the middle of me being pregnant and constantly being hot. It creates a great breeze, although it's a bit loud even on it's lowest setting. My only qualm is that the adjustable positions require it to click from one position to the other and the angle I need it at for optimal airflow is somewhere between clicks so it won't stay quite where I need it.
 Not as powerful as expected.  I had a similar fan previously that I liked but it stopped working after a few years.  This is definitely not the same fan as I had previously because it is not nearly as powerful.  I noticed it is not very loud so am guessing they made it less powerful to make it quieter.  I liked the noise because it helped put me to sleep and would rather have a powerful working fan that is noisy then this one.  I would not buy again.  Btw.. Fan seems sturdy and well built but just doesn't push the air as well as I hoped.
 Cheap, cheap, cheap!  Wouldn't recommend at all.  Total waste of money.  I bought 6 of them and used them a lot (as they should be designed for) and they all stopped working after 6-12 months.  Won't turn on, or the blades barely turn when plugged in.  The consistency of failure is remarkable, and shows that this isn't a 'one-off' or 'bad apple'.  This is just a plain, cheap bad product that doesn't last.
 This is our second one of these. The first stopped working after 18 months. This one stopped working unexpectedly after 5 months. We are over it. Going back to a Lasko box fan... we have two of those and they are going strong after several years.<br/><br/>Since I only bought it 5 months ago, I'm going to see about the warranty, but in the manual it says I need to pay to ship it to them, plus send $10.... so, um, NO. And their phone service (thru a company called Kaz) is useless, so it could be a rough road to try to get my money back or a new unit.<br/><br/>AVOID.
 I really like this fan a lot.  I cannot put an A/C unit in my windows because I live upstairs and can't lift one into my windows (which don't fit properly); I use it in the kitchen which gets hotter than Hades, along with two ones in my living room and it makes my apartment more livable.  I don't have much counter space and this can be moved easily when I am using my Keurig (which I got from Amazon too).
 as a normal $10 and under fan, it works, does seem to have a concentrated air stream, but it does not do for me the air circulation that it claims to. Package does state that it  is 25% quieter, which may be the reason why it doesnt work great as  a "Turbo Force Air Circulator" as a previous version may have.  again,if your looking for a fan with a small footprint that blows a concentrated stream of air close by, this may work for you, but as an air circulator, it does not.
 I run unreasonably hot when I sleep. I kept this fan running on my nightstand for 3 years straight, almost non-stop. I rarely turned it off when I left for work everyday. 3 years later (almost to the day) it finally gave out on me. But $13 for 3 years of better sleep?......you can't beat that.
 Definately worth the purchase.  Compared to the Vornados these Honeywells are an excellent substitute for the fraction of the price.  These Honeywells do feel lighter which some how equates to cheapness but the recent Vornados are easier to brake compared to the older models.  I decided that spending another 80 dollars on a desk fan was going to be a waste so I went with the Honeywell knowing their reputation is growing.  So far I haven't had issues and the amount of air it moves is pretty amazing.  Recommend this for buyers who don't want to spend a lot of money for something simple as pushing air.
 My fan blows with the power of a USB fan from the Dollar Tree. I paid full price from Amazon and want a return, but it won't let me because I bought it when moving and missed the 30-day mark. I won't be buying one again if I can't get a real product though. This is worthless.
 Currently using at work which is a necessity in the Arizona summer.  The requirement for cubicle life is that it is quite and that it pushes a lot of air, this does both.  It is low profile, doesn't take up a lot of real estate, and doesn't disturb my neighbors.  Would definitely recommend for the office.
 Does the job! Don’t expect this to blow your face off, though, although the bigger model should make a difference. Still, it is powerful given the size and you can’t beat the price.
 I had one of these fans for 7 years before I decided to buy another one. It still worked great, but was getting a bit noisier and harder to clean. This is a good, basic fan that is very powerful for its size. Recommended.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Honeywell-HT-900-TurboForce-Air-Circulator-Fan-Black/dp/B001R1RXUG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Honeywell HT-900 TurboForce Air Circulator Fan, Black</a><br/>Needed a new fan for my desk at work.  Wanted one with a bit of *OOMPH* behind it, because the dinky ones just didn't move air.  This fan has that *OOMPH*.  I now sit in the midst of a vortex of cool air blown by what I can only imagine is really a small storm elemental hidden in the housing of the fan.  I am afraid to set it to "3" as I don't think we have tornado insurance.  If I leave it running overnight I'm concerned it will affect the rotation of the planet, so if I forget I leave it running overnight again, but pointed the opposite direction.  I may use this to get out of work early though, so 5 stars for that.
 Initially, I thought this fan was a good purchase. We use it for white noise at night for sleeping.  It was the right amount of noise for that purpose.  I'm diappointed that it broke after only 2 years.  The fan I used before this one lasted about 20 years with the same amount of use.
 I had bought one of the Honeywell desk fans around ~3 years ago.  After pretty much running 24/7 all this time it had finally died, so I ordered this one the following day.<br/><br/>The  box says "25%" quieter, but honestly it sounds just as loud to me, and it  seems like it moves as much air as the old one when it was new(as far as distance away where I still feel the air from it), but there is not as much force behind the air, like its a more gentle output(if that makes sense)..
 Reliable and strong. I am one of those sweaty guys and am constantly in and out of my office, always on the move carrying equipment and doing installations... This fan gives me a wonderful breeze and helps me refresh between runs. It is one of the less noisy desktop fans I have owned.
 As others have pointed out, when it's on high it is louder, but when it's on the lower and medium speeds it is quieter and I don't even notice it.<br/><br/>This fan really pushes the air around well.  And I love how adjustable it is.  It has positions that click and hold, but you can also have it stay somewhere in between those clicks and it will still stay where you put it.  Which is a big plus for me when I use it.
 It pushes air but doesn't circulate. It just pushes like a regular fan. There is nothing special about it. If you want a real room air circulator then try a Vornado. I like it much better.
 For $15, this is great personal fan. I'm comparing this against another high-velocity 12"fan I have.<br/>It's not as powerful as the high-velocity fans,but the highest setting pushes out more air than the lowest setting on the $40 fan.<br/>The price is only 37%, so it's  bargain.<br/>It's also quieter than the other fan.<br/>Admittedly it's plastic, so I'll have to be a bit more gentle than the metal fan.<br/>For one person at a desk or bed it's fine.<br/>It's also slightly smaller than the high-velocity fan.<br/>For what I need it's almost perfect.
 This fan was smaller than I expected, but nonetheless is very powerful and is great for small areas or rooms. I love that it has multiple settings. The best feature is that it clicks into different positions and stays in place. I have another larger fan that doesn't stay in place when you tilt it, especially on higher settings, so this one is great and very stable.
 I bought this to keep beside my bed for my "night sweats." It works great! It throws a great amount of air and is not very loud. Helps get me through those hot moments and get right back to sleep. I keep it running all night and only aim it on me when needed. Only complaint is the base is a little bulky so it takes up some room.
 Works and looks as described. I use it on the wall by the ceiling for air flow.The cord is approx. 6 ft long - so there's not a droopy cord dangling on to the floor..it is very quiet...I have to keep making sure it's on! Great product! Highly recommend! Cleaning is a bit of a challenge, though. I use a ling dust wand to get through it instead of taking it apart every time.  For the money, I couldn't ask for more.
 I thought at first it was just the packaging, but every time I turn this fan on, the room smells like burning plastic. I investigated this online and it has to do with the "cheap black plastic".  Also, it's more of a personal use fan because it doesn't pick up much speed.
 I bought this to replace my older model that stopped working. This thing doesn't push any air. On the high setting, it feels like it's on low.
 Honestly I love using this fan<br/>I use it every single day till this day still for almost 2 years and it continues to add great air flow to some of my PC components.<br/>Just be sure to take care of it and use a bottle of air to clean the dust off the blades for the fan from time to time! Common sense is all!
 Great little fan that is quiet and does the job.  We bought it because someone brought it to our house during the extreme heat.  It was just the right size to sit on a little table and keep the air flowing in a moderately small living room that had lots of people congregating.
 When I moved into my new apartment at college, I was bummed I did not have a fan in my room. So, I purchased this little dude in place of one. The noise it creates is perfect for me while I fall asleep. It's not too loud nor too soft.  It also does a pretty stellar job of keeping me cooled for only being 11".
 Took off a star for longevity. I've gone through about 4 of these in several years. We use many in different rooms. The bearings start to rattle after significant use and we've even had one seize up after a year or so. Also, the low setting is a bit too high.
 A standard table top fan that is not complicated and works well. The fan makes a low humming sound that is altogether expected. Perfect for anytime of the year for air circulation.
 Superb personal fan for the office, desk or at home. It's not going to cool a room, but it's ideal to blow air on you. I wish it had more white noise to use a bedtime, but it's more of a very quiet fan for those that is looking for such. For $11 you won't find a better personal fan.
 So much power in such a small package. This is the ultimate fan for any small room or area that you want to keep cool. I survived college with this fan by my bed because there was no AC in the school. Worth every little penny! I now use on camping trips or overnights when I want to keep cool.
 These have a slight quality problem, but they move quite a bit of air for their size. I've had 2 of them in which the motor froze up after about a year of use, but I bought 3 more just because they are not overly loud for the amount of air they move. I do wish they would charge me an extra 10 bucks and put a good motor in them that would last though. Loses a couple of stars for that
 I first purchased this to put on my bathroom counter. But it ended up on my husband’s side of the bed. It’s got a lot of power and it’s a nice sound spa too
 I use this to blow the smoke from my induction portable cooktop back to the microwave vent over the stove. It works great. I'm sure it will work great for other uses. It is very quiet.
 I like that it is quite and that the air it blows was good. My issue is that it stopped working after a year. It may sound long enough for a $16 fan but it is not worth it. I have a fan very similar to this one, just different brand and we've been using it for almost 3 years now and still working. This brand doesn't last long.
 Love it! I keep it on the ground aimed toward my bed and it keeps me cool and is the perfect background noise. My mom has used this fan for years. I would buy again.
 Powerful, works great in my office. Would get 5 stars but after having for a few weeks the speed choice dial is touchy and I have to jiggle it a bit to get it to turn on. Not the end of the world,  but annoying.
 purchased to use in a 6-person tent while camping at the beach.  I tied the base to the roof of the tent with a piece of paracord and looped the cord through the 4 tie-down loops built into the tent cieling.  worked perfectly and kept us cool all night in the middle of the summer.  the fan can be tilted to various directions which worked great while the base was upside down.  so it basically functioned as a portable cieling fan.  we definitely would've roasted without this fan because the daytime highs were in the 90's!  I'm glad I went with this over a battery powered unit because it was cheaper, more powerful, and did not require extra batteries.
 I brought it so that it could block out the annoying noise from the heater in my room but it’s also pretty loud and the noise it makes is a little annoying too. However, it’s small and I still kind of like it even though I don’t use it too often.
 The Honeywell TurboForce Fan is a piece of crap.  It has a short in the cord so it will intermittently stop working and I have to jiggle the cord to get it working again.<br/><br/>Other reviewers have reported the same problem.  Buy at your own risk.
 Nice gentle fan. Exactly what you’d want from a fan this size. Not overly powerful on its greatest setting though! Somewhat quiet operation as well.
 We've used this at my office on the warmer days over the last 18 months, and it has made a difference.  Quiet enough to carry on phone calls, powerful enough to circulate the air in an office that gets so much sun the air conditioner struggles to keep up.  No problems so far.
 Great little fan. Ordered this to replace mine because the motor quit.<br/>I had kept it running constantly for about 12 months, and used it intermittently for about 12 months before that.<br/>So it will last you quite a long time if you're just using in summer. I was using in a small closet to keep the air flowing (my pet mouse lives in there).
 Used to be a quality fan for the price. Now even brand new the motor seems weaker and it wobbles after only a few months. I'd recommend looking elsewhere if you want high cfm and also high quality.
 I use a fan to blow light air at night while I sleep. I needed a replacement for one that was on its last life. This fan is perfect. It was a few different settings that are all on the lighter side. If you’re expecting a large amount of air, this is not the fan for you. You can easily direct the fan to blow in different directions.
 Great fan although I wish the know to turn it on and off was easier to access like on the base or front of the fan.  Moves a ton of air I haven't had it higher than the mid setting and it's​ not very loud I can have it on sitting next to it on the phone no problems.
 you need to stand directly infant of the fan to feel the turbo
 Good fan for the price! I have this to circulate the air in my kids room and does the job. It’s not a high powered fan though. Mode in high seems really low and you can’t move the fan to blow straight it’s already slightly angled and only moves further up
 My previous Honeywell fan finally died so I went in search of a new one.  This fan looks IDENTICAL to the one that died on me, but not at all the same.  Out of the box it felt very cheap compared to the dead one.  The base is half the size and made of what feels like a cheaper plastic.  The real disappointment was when I turned it on.  I use my fan primarily as a tool to help me fall asleep.  Most of the time it just faces the ceiling and the constant whirling sends me off into a blissful slumber.  I turned this thing on low and could barely feel it; couldn't even hear it.  I skipped straight to MAXIMUM POWER! and was literally shocked with how pathetic this fan performed.  The high setting on this fan pushes less air than the low setting on my previous Honeywell.  I'm not really sure what they mean by "TurboForce" I'm sure I'm not the first to call BS on that.  False advertising to anyone who has owned a true Honeywell fan.  They lost me as a customer.  Shame on you Honeyfail.
 Not sure why this fan got such good reviews. I was expecting much stronger air flow. I mean, it's got turbo in the name. No problems with function, just expected much more stronger air flow.
 Nice fan, fairly quiet, easy to mount on the wall, it has a fuse built into the electrical plug, cord is long enough, can take apart to clean blades. However, they need to remove the word "TURBO" from the description as it is "not" turbo at all.
 I have bought multiple of these fans (same brand and model) over the years. They tend to last through about 2 years of pretty regular use, but this last one only last 6 months before the engine whined to its death. Really disappointed with the much shorter lifespan.
 This fan is very efficient. I bought this product to cool a small room in the back of my house where the A/C does not come as often. During the day, I usually will use the fan for circulation, but at night, I will turn the fan on the highest setting so that I can be cool at night. The fan has three settings, and an off option. It stands freely on its own and stays in position when tilted.There is some noise, but it certainly is more quiet than most. I would buy this again.
 Very nice it works well I like the setting but the only reason why I'm rating 4 stars is due to the packaging. it was sent in the original box not wrapped in paper so it won't be damaged and the lid was opened not scotched taped. So I was hoping  the fan was not damaged during transit and thank goodness It worked fine and no chips on fan. .
 At Just Under Eleven And Half Inches Tall ! Under Seven Inches Front To Back (+Chord Poke Out) ! And Side To Side Not Quite Eleven Inches ! .6 Amps At 120V ! On The Bottom ? This Tiny Fan Really Moves The Air In A Twelve By Twelve ! Feet That Is ! This Little Penny Pincher Really Helps The Cool ! Better And Better ! Thanks Amazon ! Chill Out ! One For Each Room ! Refrigeration ?!...Later ! Angle Cooler Floor Air Up And On You ! Sitting Or Laying ! Saving On AC ! Cool On Less ! Best Feature ! Thanks Again Amazon ! Way Cool ! Beat The Heat !
 Needed a fan for my hot office. Got another for white noise for my kid's room. Great little fans. Just make sure you clean it occasionally or the dust will cause some unwanted noise.
 It's compact. Good for storage in the winter.  I use it in my living room and it's powerful enough for the air to circulate. The only downside is it's a little loud but acceptable.
 This is not a quite fan or high output fan but it moves the air fine.  On high it can make some noise nothing that's extremely load or anything.
 Lasted less than 2 months before it quit working.  Bad.
 Nice little fan moves a lot of air around... Update lowered to one stare used it 5 weeks and it just died today.. nice just past the return time
 I work in a hot office. Everyone that walks through complains how hot it is. This fan miraculously turned it cold on the first setting. It has low volume noise you really don't notice much.  I have only had it about a week, and don't notice any problems with it.
 Works well overall.  I use it at my desk and talk on the phone with no problem, so not too loud.  For the size and price, just what I needed.  Switch feels a little clunky and I prefer a continuous adjustment rather than the three speeds, but again, given the price and what it is targeted at, it works just fine and gets the job done.  Definitely not a whole room type of fan, but pointed at one person it's perfect for that.
 This is a powerful little fan. In addition we had an older model and it was MUCH noisier (we would joke that it sounded like a jet engine). Although it is definitely not silent we were expecting it to be kind of noisy and were pleasantly surprised when it wasn't. We got it to use in our nursery for some air flow and it does the job.
 Great price crappy fan pushes no air at all the high settings should be the low setting medium and low settings are a joke. Will NOT buy again!
 I’ve bought 4 of these. They are great. I will say that the last one seemed more “noisey” for some reason. I hope that doesn’t mean it won’t last as long. I swapped it with another one in the house. I needed a quiet one for my bedroom.
 This is a great little fan ,well it  is for me. For the price you can't go wrong . I use it as a desk fan in my small home office. It is very quiet and efficient . It really cools down what would normally be a hot room and I prefer it to air conditioning . One thing they could improve on is the front grille . This would be great if the grille were free spinning on a bearing so that it could defuse the air in multipliable directions.
 Still in the box. I thought it would be a lot larger. This is like really small. Probably will work ok if I have it blowing on me this summer.
 I sleep with this fan on every night. I can't sleep without a fan and this one is perfect. In the summer it gives enough air to help cool the room and move the air around. In the winter it doesn't freeze me out. It has 3 settings and i use the lowest and find it great.
 This is my 2nd HT900 from Kaz, loved the 1st. I bought the original 2.5 years ago for an under the desk fan since my office tends to run hot (all brick). The first one ran for almost 2.5 years straight (yes really), I never turned it off. Sadly after neglecting it, dust and the occasional power spike sent the motor to fan heaven.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/>Fan is quiet (a low, constant hum is all I hear at high speed)<br/>Cools me down easily, sometimes to a point of I need to point it away from me<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>None<br/><br/>-<br/>I'll buy again and again.  Looking forward to staying cold for another few years. Thanks!!
 My wife can not sleep with out a fan. Her trusty old honeywell fan she had used for 11 years finally died so I bough this one for her. Fan moves a lot of air. Fan puts out a nice amount of white noise to sleep with, fan is not quiet. The only thing I took a star of for was that the stand does not support the wight of the fan very well. Some times when you try to change the speed the fan it will pivot up as soon as you turn the switch on top. I would recommend this fans to friends.
 Harsh sound from coil after plugging for the first time, fan won’t work. I’m going to dump it in the trash the first day I bought it. I have to pay $10 to return it, then mail it at an additional fee if I want a refund. That’s paying more than what I paid to buy in the first place. Highly disappointed.
 If you're like me and must have a fan going when you sleep, you want to buy this fan. Quiet and if you don't have table space, it easily can be hung on the wall.
 bought it on July 04, 2014 (today its July 20, 2015) so I had it for a year. I use it roughly  8- 10 hours daily since day one. as of right now, I am looking for to replace this fan because the noises it makes. It has been making screeching noises at certain angles around 3 months ago. I would fix this by readjusting the angle. But now it randomly cycles through a screeching frenzy. while sleeping, I would sometimes awake because of the amount of noise it would make.<br/><br/>summary: good for 6 months.....not good past a year
 It works really well! Especially for its size, it doesn't look like much but it's a really powerful fan, I love it! It tilts to various positions and it is really sturdy and solid. The price is great for such an amazing product, I'm super happy with it
 Wow I saw a review that said the motor was weak but this is ridiculous, the highest speed  3 feels like its on the lowest speed 1.  I have an even cheaper chinese made fan that has more power than this fan, Very disappointed other than that its fine.
 Best $13 I've spent! It's in out livingroom and it gives a very nice breeze of air! I was skeptical at first when I seen the size but level 2 of air flow is perfect
 I can't find anything wrong with this little fan. It works great. Provides good airflow. It keeps you cool. It's not loud. It's cheap for how well it works. I've been using these brand fan for years now and I will keep on buying them!
 Far less expensive than a comparable Vornado brand fan. Also very quiet, far quieter than the Vornado. Settings dials is easier to operate than the Vornado and the whole unit is much lighter which makes is easier to move around and adjust as needed.
 It's not kidding when it says TurboForce. This replaced a fan on my desk at work that died a slow and agonizing death. This guy puts out so much air, even on the lowest setting, that I have to turn it off and on repeatedly for my whole shift. Too much of a good thing is, I guess, too much!
 silent it was, cooling it wasnt. I turned on the fan thought I was on the lowest setting and realized this is the highest setting!. This fan is great if you want some background noise, not good for cooling or air circulation
 This fan is good for air circulation. For its size it is very quiet and pushes alot of air. Nothing to complain about . -UPDATE 11/13/17.- This fan was whisper quiet to begin with, but is now getting louder.  I guess it's because the plastic on these fans loosen up over time. Who knows
 It’s a great fan but stay on the safe side and keep it at least 4 feet away.<br/><br/>It outputs high levels of EMFs. 50mG at 1 foot and 2mG at 4feet.
 Purchased this fan for quite the deal and honeywell really has a great product here. Used it as a desk fan for a while, and my office finds a use for it everyday.
 Yes, at current, PAST tense. I bought it February 8, 2014.... last night I went to turn it on, it was DEAD. I noted there was a fuse (with an extra) in the plug, but changing it didn't seem to do much good....<br/>I have been thrilled with this fan- since February, so it's a huge let down, not to mention a lot hotter....<br/>I don't care about sound- "Is it a quiet fan?" Come on... It's a FAN, to blow air. That is what I need it to do, yet 4 months to the day,  after purchasing this fan- it's dead.
 This fan is as good as advertised, so far. It circulates air well, yet it's not too noisy. It also seems to be a well made product. I'm not surprised, since Honeywell is a fine brand. My only complaint is that the settings start on the high mode. Not a big deal, though.
 Not worth 5 bucks.  Had 2 ht 900 from 2 years ago and just bought 2 more, but recent purchase barely blows any air compared to other ones.  Same design but must be smaller motors .  Garbage.
 Look, I messed up. I though I was buying a large fan. Like a fan fan, not this little pipsqueek! But you know what, best fan I’ve ever owned. It’s perfect for those of us who need the fan to sleep comfortably. Have used it every day since last year and I honestly can say I love this fan.
 These are great.  Quiet, 3 speeds.  Move an incredible amount of air.  Only one hitch...they trip my GFCI on the kitchen counter when you turn it off.  Inductive spike trips the GCFI.  Blenders, mixers, other fans do not trip the GFCI.
 The second I turned on fan out of the box has a ticking noise. Wont last long. Sounds like motor is going bad already. Have had multiple fans of this brand. Others bought in stores. never had sounds like this until the motor was going out.
 This is a good fan for the price. You really have to be sitting right next to it and directly in front of it for it to work, but it was great for what I needed it for. I took it on a cruise and it kept my upper body cool enough to sleep since apparently cruise AC isn't the best. Puts out a lot of air in a narrow stream and doesn't take up a lot of room.
 Good air circulation for small room as I had wanted, quiet, great price, portable/lightweight with grab area on top, easy to move around. This is my second HT-900, still use the first one purchased a few years ago. Noticed the new one has a lighter less sturdy weight speed switch, but still functions fine. and I would buy this product again.
 Three problems for our use.  1) Fan can only point 90 degrees from horizontal to straight up.  Since ours is on a shelf in the bathroom and cannot be pointed downward below horizontal, it can only blow on the user's face and not the body.  2) The lowest speed pushes too much air.  3) The on/off/speed switch is on the back of the fan facing up which makes it difficult for us to reach it.<br/><br/>I'll have to use this fan else where and buy a different fan for our bathroom use.
 Nice and quiet! I have it under my desk at work blowing upward. Nice soft breeze on the lowest setting!
 This fan even on high setting doesn't blow enough air and it has Turbo Force on it.. my blow dryer on a low setting blows harder then this.. I waste of MONEY
 For an inexpensive fan this thing moves a lot of air and does it quietly.  I had one for several years until the motor finally gave out, at which time I tried an alternative by Massey.  That fan disappointed in that it did not move the same volume of air and the metal wire grill would quickly clog with pet hair (requiring frequent disassembly).  After that, I went back to the HT-900 (bought two) and am pleased that I did.
 Honestly, I feel like I got a different fan than everyone else described.  Its a very weak fan; it does move air, but only enough to shake that stagnant air feeling, not enough for any kind of substantial cooling. Currently browsing for a new fan.
 This fan is the best :-) not only does it not take up much room but its quit as well as the air it puts out.  The lady in the desk next to me has it I asked where she got it and it was Amazon so I got 2 and most of the desks in the office now have the same fan.....  :-)  Happy Workers.  Thanks Amazon
 Powerful and quiet.  Super small with a generous cord so it can moved around easily.  Plastic construction, but quality plastic that makes the fan durable.  Also, pretty styling - doesn't draw attention to itself.  Great buy!
 This thing has worked great for the last year. Recently it is making clicking noises but it still works just as well as the first day I bought it. The clicking is fairly annoying though.
 I found this little fan in Warehouse Deals. Wow, what a find. It is well made ,sturdy and sooo quiet. Moves the air around the entire room. I used it for a week and ordered another one while they were half priced!
 Not as powerful as I had hoped for. Its more like a like breeze. The power options are all essentially the same. Not ideal for air circulation, but it was cheap!
 Sturdy and silent pushes a lrg.volume of air and doesn't vibrate !! Delivery as always a pure pleasure
 My fiancé keeps a fan on his nightstand to keep him cool through the night and for a little extra noise. A previous fan from another brand broke and we got this fan on Saturday and it’s been great! It’s pretty quiet, but it still provides some noise to fall asleep to. And it definitely keeps the whole room cooler. It fits on the nightstand just fine but is a little bigger than I thought.
 I should have returned this right after plugging it in. It is the most annoying fan I have ever owned. It has a rattle in it that will drive you crazy.
 This fan is only used at night and already stopped working. May be a fluke but I would not recommended because of this
 i rated this fan with 2 stars. it works but you really can't tell a difference between the different levels, they are all equal to the lowest level. it doesnt move side to side either. you have to hand move it which sucks especially when you really want the air to circulate. if you are in desperate need of a fan then get this one but otherwise pass on this and pay a little more for something thats a whole lot better.
 Great product - quality construction, effective power speeds, and long cord (for my set-up). Thank you, Honeywell and Amazon - I am no longer sweating at my cubicle. Plus the fan noise is minimal so it doesn't bother my coworkers. I am the wind goddess.
 I had bought a fan like this before and just had to get another.  They work very well for me.
 I love this fan, it's more powerful than other fans of similar size and also quieter.  I use it under my desk at work, while my coworkers all have much louder fans that aren't as powerful.  They have theirs cranked up to the highest setting while I can leave mine on the lowest.
 This fan moves a relatively small amount of air a short distance, and does it very quietly. This is true at the maximum setting. It's good at what it does, but don't expect it to circulate air throughout a room. If you can point it at the person to be fanned, it's great.
 I keep this on in my cubicle at work. Often it's so quiet I forget to turn it off at the end of the day. It's great solution to a stuffy office, nearby heater vent, or a smelly cube neighbor. I like to put an air freshener behind the fan to blow the scent through my cube.
 Good little fan for your money. I use this fan for my food blog videos for when food is steaming and I don't want it fogging up my camera.
 I bought this hoping it would be a 1/2 price alternative to a similar Vornado fan that I use in another room.  Two characteristics make it not a viable alternative for me.  1) Much weaker airflow.  2) Can't be rotated past vertical to blow onto the floor-- I don't need straight down, just a click or two past vertical to help with drying the carpet after a spill.
 Bought this fan a couple of years ago and it is amazing how powerful it is but it's even crazier how quiet it operates even at the highest setting!  I just wish you could tilt it down,  it starts straight and you can turn it upwards but not down still deserves 5 starts since it also feels really high quality
 We bought this one because we had another and really liked them. The first one still works perfectly and it gets used about every night. The second one was used a few nights a week and agter about a year the fan starts out slow and then it will eventually start working. Thinking the motor is about to go out.
 Needed a fan for white noise to drown out suburban traffic noise but didn't want to have a fan so loud our ears were ringing in the morning.<br/><br/>This fan is perfect for that use - not too loud, but loud enough to drown out the sounds of cars driving down the street.  It pushes a very decent amount of air as well.<br/><br/>Great little fan for the price.
 plastic fan.  used 1/2 dozen times and the position adjustment part broke.  seems like a cheap internal notched piece where stand meets fan.  the force of the fan just moves and directs it where it want to go.  will not hold in position.  fairly quiets - not silent, moves air well for this size of a fan. used it in my camper bedroom at night, now just blows up towards the ceiling.
 I really love this fan. It's small with no lights so it doesn't take up much room and doesn't disturb your eyes while you are sleeping. It makes minimal noise but circulates air very well. I get very hot when I sleep so having the air blowing on me cools me down so I can sleep better. It's small, maybe 12" diameter? I didn't measure it just a guess. I am very pleased with it so far.
 A simple, no-frills fan that gets the job done.  Simple yet functional design with a standard mechanical dial switch for three speeds of the fan.  The fan housing tilts allowing you to move it from straight ahead to several degrees upward.  Great for setting on a small table outside in the summer or to move air around a room.
 This air circulater is small and perfect for our bedroom. I have central air conditioning, but it doesn't seem to cool off the bedroom very well, so the fan works perfectly for added comfort.
 Perfect for the bedroom in place of a ceiling fan. powerful airflow noticed a difference in temperature almost immediately. Mounted on the wall very easily and is sturdy with no rattle.
 Not a very good air mover. Have owned others that look identical, same brand, but we’re much more powerful. Won’t but it again. Has 3 settings and they should be named, slow, slower &amp; slowest.
 Fun fact:  I now get warmer when I sleep than my husband does.  This fan is perfect to sit on the floor next to my side of the bed and aim up at my side of the bed.  It's the perfect size, and even a little bigger than I expected for the price.  I like that it swivels up, so I can put it on the floor and aim up at the bed - I don't have to use table space.
 Soo I have had this same fan but an older model for about 6 years. I used it to provide noise and air movement when I sleep but unfortunately I used it so much the motor finally gave out. So I ordered this one. I was really disappointed when it came to find that it only produces about 1/3 of the noise the older one did. This is probably a great selling point to a lot of people, but for me it wasn't. It was too quiet and I couldn't sleep. I ended up having to buy a separate noise machine to use in conjunction with this. My complaint might be your praise though. So if you are looking for a quiet one, this is good.
 Small but mighty, stays put and doesn't vibrate all over the place. I have been told if I am near it on the phone it sounds like  wind blowing.
 Was looking for something quiet to put on desk at work to not disturb coworkers...no one has complained in a transcription office where people are listening to audio files through headsets all day so quiet is GREATLY appreciated. Have not had problems with slipping out of place like I read in other reviews which almost prevented me from purchasing. I don't move it around so I can't speak on how it would stand up to constant moving/slinging around but it is perfect for what I needed it for.
 good little fan for consistent air flow, but don't  confuse with holmes 9" turbo fan. i use both , But in diff. applications
 This fan is not as loud as the previous models.  I have it on for background noise at night, so I just keep it on a higher setting to get more noise out.  It does not seem to be as quality as the previous model.  It likes to whir and make motor noise for the first few minutes it is on and then it goes away.
 Stronger on setting 1 than other small fans I've had on 3. I love this and will never buy any fan other than this one again.
 Shipping was great. But the van itself is gutless. The highest setting is barely stronger than my hardest blow from my own lungs. I realize the fan is only  $15, but I can buy comparable models and brands that are 3x stronger and they actually drowned out sound and provide the white noise that so many fan users depend on each night for a restful sleep. Terrible...  Maybe I just got a bad one? But who wants to go through the hassle and Wait of sending it back just to get another piece of garbage.
 I purchased this fan to replace a older and broken Honeywell fan. I use it in my twins room for noise at night. It works well for noise at the highest setting. It isn’t as loud as the old small Honeywell fans, but I like this one better.
 This is an absolute piece of junk. It took much longer then advertised to arrive. It didn't have the correct fitting for Australian plugs. Then the first time I used it, literally within 5 seconds the piece of junk fuse broke when I was using it on an absolutely standard multi-plug that was only powering a lap-top. I waited months for this absolute travesty of a product to arrive, and literally within ten seconds it broke down, and will probably cost me more to get a fuse replaced then the actual product. I want a refund. This product is an absolute joke.
 Does the job amazingly. Small base fits on windowsill to blow air in and out. Love the range of motion and perfect for the price.
 I used to have this same fan from a different manufacturer so I purchased this one at a fraction of the price. The noise level is extremely low but I do feel it is lacking power and I definitely cannot feel it from 20 feet away as advertised.
 The first one I ordered came and didn't work on one of the settings. The replacement they sent me worked for about a week and then completely stopped working all together. Not pleased. My old fan I had was the same brand and it worked for years! No idea why the same two from the same company have come defected.
 One killer fan this bad boy puts out some air on low, put fan on high will freeze you blows so much air. Best money I spent on a awesome fan. I'm going to be buying few more no doubt about it. 5+ Stars unbelievable little fan does one amazing job it's a must have fan and it's Quite can't even hear the fan on low or medium.
 I like to sleep with a fan on at night for the noise.  It's a little more quiet than most small fans, but it does the job.  If you are buying for its actual "fan" output, it's very strong!
 Works great at having a white noise fan in my bedroom. One of the added benefits is that when I start my oil diff-user next to it, it distributes the aroma. I have baseboards in my apartment and it also seem to distribute the warm air that rises through the baseboards.
 I bought this for tabletop use. It doesn't take up a lot of room and the air flow is better than I expected. Now, I keep it running in the bedroom all night for the sound. It's quite soothing  when set on the highest setting.
 This is duplicate replacement for one that I have for many years. That one ran 24/7 moving air on tow computers in a closed area and it finally died. I was happy to find the same one and order it. I'll have this one for many more years. Three speeds make it great and it runs quiet.
 SUPER Quiet Fan I almost didn't think it was on... Until I felt the perfectly direct-able airflow. Like a lazer blast of air right at me!<br/>Be prepared, however, if you sleep with a fan for ventilation AND white noise: There is NO (READ: NEARLY ZERO) white noise.<br/>I had to get a white noise App for my phone to sleep with this fan!
 Perfect white noise and air circulation throughout the night. Also, if you're an incredibly light sleeper like myself, you will be pleased to know that you won't need to cushion the bottom of the fan with socks,towels, etc. to avoid the fan from shaking. I would definitely recommend this product:)
 Provides a pretty strong breeze for such a little unit, and it's great for soothing, even white noise (no whirring or beats). My only complaint is that the base seems to be made of relatively flimsy, light plastic compared to my old roommate's fan, which is an older version of this. Not a big deal, but when I reach over from my bed to turn the dial I have to apply a little pressure so as not to tip it over.
 This is a great fan, nice and quiet, no rattle, no humming, just runs like it should, great price on Amazon as well!
 Cranks.<br/>Little powerhouse twirls the hell out of my studio vape steam and dissipates either that or musty or heat.<br/>I rented a place that needed a bunch of cleaning and renuzits  sic] here and there.<br/>This really freshened up the place.<br/>Come summer, the AC and this will be a n awesome tandem.
 I LOVE this fan. It works perfectly not so quiet to where you can't hear it but not to loud to be a bother. Very powerful for a small fan. Use it every night when I sleep and I enjoy it a lot more than the last fan I owned.
 Solid fan.  I use it in the bedroom for white noise in the winter and to keep cool in the summer.  I docked it 1 star because when set at the medium setting, you really notice the sound of the fan when trying to fall asleep.  Its hard to explain but it has a pulsating sound that I don't notice when it is set at low or high.  Impossible for me to fall asleep when it is at medium, although I admit I am sensitive to stuff like that.
 Great little fan. I can't live without a bedside fan and this fits the bill perfectly. It moves a lot of air very quietly. Couldn't be happier. In fact this is my second one of this brand and model.
 Great little fan to contend with my post menopausal hot flashes. It tilts,, so when I’m on fire I can aim it directly at me and then when I’m freezing five seconds later, I can tilt it up to the ceiling. Very quiet with good airflow.
 With this fan, I don't have to turn on the air conditioner hardly ever. I have one in the bedroom and one in the living room. Would recommend to a friend.
 The lowest level hardly feel anything. the third and highest level blows up to ten feet not more than that. its a good night stand fan not good for hot summers.
 I always read reviews when shopping. This small fan does an excellent job moving air and it's reasonably quiet on low and medium speeds. High speed is also acceptable for its size and does so efficiently be it bedside, bathroom, desk or counter.
 This is a great little fan for the price. It does exactly what it needs to do without being loud and obnoxious. Quality is very good.
 I wanted to replace an old table fan that gave out little breeze. This one is bigger in size and the breeze is stronger than I wanted because of space I have to place it within 2 feet of my face at the computer. Even on low I have to turn it away from me and let the fringes of breeze come on my face. I have to turn the whole fan, there is no turn base. It can be angled up, but it needs a way to lock it in place. At high speed it can change angle.<br/>Also the controls are on the back. It would be much more convenient were they on the front.<br/>I will keep it. It is fairly quiet and Honeywell seems to have a good reputation.
 Small fan which sounds like it won’t last a month—if that. If you are purchasing this for white noise—it will not provide it.
 Bought, but didn't open right away because we moved. Once opened, it worked for 3 days. Then it just didn't work. If plug was only partially plugged in, it worked then would stop and start repeatedly. Attempted to return figuring I just got one with a defective plug. Seller completely inflexible about 30 day return policy. Normally I would understand, but this electrical issue is a SAFETY ISSUE. I was not willing to use because my toddler could have shocked herself on a partially inserted plug, also this could have been a potential fire hazard. So I give not only the product a 1 star, but definitely the seller.
 Love this little fan, I bought it to have at my mom's house when we visit for holidays to use for white noise and a cool breeze.
 Fan purchase is subjective. I wanted a fan that moved the air but also, oddly enough, one that wasn't silent. If it is white noise you are after - this Honeywell isn't for you. Try the Impress IM-708 for a white noise fan.<br/><br/>Because manufacturers don't advertise their fans as noisy - it is five star rating because it is as the manufacturer advertised -  "25% quieter than similar models." I would guess it is more than 25% quieter.<br/><br/>Amazon Prime shipping works well. So far it has been worth the money.
 The fan is smaller than I was expecting, but I bought it because it was rated as best bang for your buck and so far, so good! Pointed right at me, it keeps me cool and I am playing with the angles of pointing it up so the airflow bounces off surfaces, it really cools down the whole room pretty easily! The box also said something about circulating heat in cold months, so I'm looking forward to trying that!
 I ordered two of these for my indoor bike trainer set up.  One was missing 2 rubber feet and the other was missing 3 of them.  Now my fans aren't stable and rock around.  I guess you get what you pay for
 Love my fan. Glad I bought 2 because they came in right on time.<br/>Cool air which has been used in lieu of my AC on not so hot days.<br/>Took one to the office since the AC is not working and great.
 This is a nice fan!  It is rather small, but as other reviewers have said, it moves air well. I can feel the air flow from about 15-20 feet away.  The fan is not silent, but it is quite.  The noise produced by the fan is a consistent hum.  I run it pretty much 24-7.
 Brought this for my desk at work, it gets a bit hot during the summer in the office and this was the perfect fan to cool me off, it works fantastic. Several people in my office have asked about where I brought my fan and have purchased the fan thru Amazon.
 Much less airflow than the clip on lasko 2400 https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000QOMZT4/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1 which I already own - and this takes up more space!  The high speed is just a mild breeze and the low  speed is completely useless.
 Piece of plastic junk. Purchased October 8, 2018. Dead March 26, 2019.
 It's a great fan, but very, very small. Perfect for an office or dorm where space is a premium. Go for one size up (which I also own) if you're really trying to move the air around, however.
 I'm not going to lie, This is an excellent fan for the price. This is the second fan that I have purchased, the other one lasted for 4+ years.<br/><br/>Pro's:<br/>Cheap price for a great product.<br/>Quiet for the amount of air it produces<br/>Good size for a smaller room<br/>Three Speed Setting's<br/><br/>Con's:<br/>Little noisier than other fans<br/><br/>All in all this is an excellent fan, I highly recommend purchasing if you need a smaller fan without anything special.
 Its small and ive never had a fan this small but the little person wanted one and this was prefect for her.  I have no complaints. So far.
 Weakest fan! This is seriously one of the weakest fans I have used, its has a little more power than a computer case fan no joke!
 I was very skeptical about this fan (especially because of it's price.) But, my god. I turned on the fan on the lowest setting and it blew me away (literally). It blows A LOT of super cool air. For the price, I'm thinking of buying a few more. Best mini fan I've ever seen.
 This thing is incredibly quiet with lots of output. I wanted something small in place of where we used to keep our boxfan (which kept getting knocked over and eventually broke).<br/>I run it 24hrs a day for 2-3 weeks at a time and it has always stayed quiet.<br/>3 speeds but if I'm too close to it I wish it had an even lower "slow" speed since the output is so efficient. It can get even colder than I need at times.<br/>We are buying more to take with us when we travel to hotels, airbnb etc.
 This was a warehouse deal and it rattles a bit so probably a customer return. The noise won't matter in the location I'm using it, but I'm taking one star off. I've got the same fan in a different location and it's fine so the product is basically OK.
 Does the job for a little fan. I prop it on my bed and it helps me sleep through the night on hot nights. I wish it could point downward more and was a bit more of a breeze, but it defintiely is worth the money and does the trick.
 It's an okay little fan. Not a Vornado, but nowhere near Vornado prices. It's no powerhouse, but does a very credible job where you need a small area covered. Not loud at all. But I have to take issue with the description. It's not really enough of a fan to be called a "circulator." It's just a decent small fan for the money.
 What a disappointment over our previous fan.  Yeah, it's quieter... because the amperage isn't nearly what it used to be.  Even on high I seriously have to wave my hand in front of this to tell that it's on - because I can't feel any air movement at any real distance away from it.  Save your money and try something else.  Also - for white noise it is completely worthless, so don't bother.
 Bought this little guy when my AC went out for about a week. I was very impressed with how well put-together it is, and how much air it puts out--especially for the amazingly low price point. Very quiet but nice background noise also. Highly recommended.
 I normally don't submit "reviews", but in this case, it's warranted.  This is a marvelous product.  As others have said, it moves a good amount of air on ANY speed.  And the 'white noise' is perfect.  It's certain not noisy.  I plan to purchase several more and am recommending it to others.  And to make things better, it's got a long cord.  Must be at least 5 or 6 feet.  Don't be afraid to buy this item.
 This fan is perfect for my job.  It is small but the air flow is really good.  I lay it on the floor next to me, and I keep cool during my whole shift.  When I'm not at work, the other employees share it between them.  I wish I could purchase each employee one of their own, but for now, sharing is working just fine!
 Bought this for my office desk. Quiet , works great . I get hot flashes and this helps so much ! Would highly recommend for an office fan.
 Bought this fan for our infants bedroom in June of this year. It worked perfect to keep air circulated in his room until last week when it just quit. It makes a mild humming sound when turned on. Tried spinning the fan blade by hand and it spins but with a lot of resistance. I knew when I bought it that it was an inexpensive unit but figured it would last longer than 2 months.
 this fan takes a kicking and keeps on spinning! I've always slept with a fan on, and my old fan was just that... OLD... it had slowed down and wasn't pushing the air the way it should have been. This one came along and it's like we have a gentile wind turbine in our bed room! glorious!
 This little fan puts out just enough for my bedroom that is 10x15.  It is very quiet.  I would recommend it
 Indeed, this fan is genuinely quieter than any portable fan I have come to know.  The highest setting can be heard and obviously felt with cooler air circulating.  The lowest out of the three speeds seems like it would not interfere with the lightest of sleepers.  For those with highly sensitive hearing, such as myself,  I am very pleased with my turbo-force fan.
 It gets rather warm in my work office, especially under my desk. Fits perfectly. The three speeds make it versatile. Very sturdy.
 During the summer months I put this on a stool next to my office chair and run it on low.  Seems to do a good job keeping me cool.  I haven't tried yet with a larger area, I may see how this works in our kitchen, although there's lots of papers in there...
 Completely quit working after probably 30 uses. Also it was barely powerful enough to cool a small room. Don’t waste your $
 This is a good deal for the price, but is average quality. It feels "weak"; leaves me thinking if I am not careful when handling it, even just switching it on/off, that it will break. But it is quiet, and serves its purpose, and did not cost too much.
 I moved in apartment without a ceiling fan; being one used to sleep with a ceiling fan, I needed something for the refreshment and the little background sound a ceiling fan usually provides.<br/>This ceiling fan is just what I needed!<br/>Despite not being on the ceiling, it's just as good as a ceiling fan. The small size is convenient because I can take it with me.. wherever I could need a ceiling fan!
 works awesome as a desk fan. I used to only buy Vornado's; however every single one has stopped working after 18 months or so. For the price they charge that is unacceptable. This is a nice fan that wont break the bank!
 Needed a small fan for a bedroom and this works perfectly. Not too noisy, but enough to help dull other noises in the house. 3 settings, came in perfect condition.
 Compact and does its job. I have this on my desk facing me while I work or while I sleep. Great for a small area you want to keep air flowing. I wish it could be aimed lower (down). It can only be aimed higher (up).
 I couldn't believe that this product was so cheap!  This is a GREAT little fan!  We run it in our kitchen to blow continuously over our exposed fruit. It keeps the fruit flies from landing on our food. It works so well, we just bought another one to put down on our dock on hot summer days. Well made. I highly recommend.
 I love this!  I keep it in the bathroom when I'm drying my hair so I don't get too hot.  I can also put it near my bedside because it's very quite.  Has several speeds so you can get it right to where you want it and it adjusts nicely up and down.  One of the best purchases I've ever made.
 This is the second one I have purchased. The first was from a local Walmart. For its size, it moves a good amount of air around my 125 sq ft craft room that's far from the HVAC handler (aka this room gets pretty warm).
 If you are looking for a powerful fan that provides some white noise then look somewhere else.  It is just a weak little fan but for the low price I guess I can't complain.  I bought this fan because I read a review that said it was good for white noise.  That person must have super sonic hearing because I thought it was really quite even on high.
 One of my best investments. I have this lil guy goin quite often. I've had it for 3  1/2 years. I take it apart &amp; clean it from dust build up bout once a year. Looks, sounds &amp; blows as good as when I first got it.
 Bought for my grandson so he does not have to keep borrowing his moms lol.
 This is a great little fan - perfect for night time in the bedroom and daytime it sits near my desk.  I love how small and portable it is - but gets the job done well with as much air as it moves for it's size.  I would purchase again! :)
 Fantastic little fan. It's a little loud but it provides a lot more cooling than fans twice the size. Have had one at work for over a year that's still running strong and just purchased one for the house a few months ago.
 I like the size of the fan and the fact that it can rotate. This is not a bad fan to invest in however I do wish it was a little more powerful (it is somewhat difficult to tell what modes you are in at times- they seem similar).<br/><br/>For the price, it is a great fan and most people will be using it on a desk for personal use anyway which it works perfectly for.
 First one I received had a horrible buzzing but Amazon helped me get it returned and the new one is quiet and creates a good breeze. Just loud enough to use as white noise when you are sleeping, and created good circulation in a small room. Only downside is that you cant open it to clean the blades but with a good compressor I figure you could clean it well enough.
 This fan quit working at 12.5 months. It was well cared for, not abused. Bummer.
 The Honeywell name continues in their newer "TurboForce HT 900 Fan.<br/>Extremely quiet, while moving volumes of air, it is amazing.<br/>The product and specifically the item has more than attained my expectations.<br/>I happily recommend this small light weight fan FOR ITS INTENDED USES, UNDER<br/>SPECIFIED OPERATING CONDITIONS....it is a bad assed little fan!
 Well, this fan lasted a year and a half.  I kept it on my desk at work, and I came back from a meeting to find a burning smell - the motor had seized.<br/><br/>These fans are cheap and disposable, but are obviously not reliable enough to leave on when you are not around.  Buyer beware.
 This fan was well worth 10 dollars.  It blows a decent amount of air, but don't expect anything above average. Only 4 stars because the box had been opened and 2 of the rubber feet had been taken off the bottom.
 Pros .. This is a great fan for an office or small area to blow on one person one direction because it doesn't rotate  . It hardly makes any noise . Cons .. not a lot of power but overall for the price it's ok for a gentle breeze .
 I don't usually write reviews, but brand new out of the box this fan sounds like a diesel engine when it's set on low speed. Let it run for a while and it will quiet down, but obviously this thing is built so poorly built and sloppy that it rattles away until the little electric motor warms up. That the sign of a worn out motor, not a new one. Also the frame is flimsy, cheap, wobbly plastic. This sub par poor quality seems to be synonymous with Honeywell these days. One more note, "TurboForce" Yea right, not from this fan.<br/>Look elsewhere.
 You definitely get what you pay for. While I thought I would save some money by buying this fan for 15 bucks, you will get this product and question if it's a fan of just an air purifier. The thing is very WEAK in power. I have it directly blowing in my face, and I'm still hot at night. And no I don't live in 100 degree humid weather. Save yourself the trouble spend 25-30$ and get a far superior product. I'm not one to normally write reviews but felt compelled to do so based on the amount of good ratings here. I'm certain after reading them, it must all be from friends and family because this product really isn't up to par. Buy at your own risk, but don't be upset when you're asking where all the power and cold air of your fan is.
 This is my second Honeywell HT-900 fan. The first one lasted nearly 3 years with almost nightly use. If you are wanting white noise, this isn't the one for you- it is quiet. Even more so with recent improvements. It does excel in circulating air. I currently have a third one in my Amazon cart to use at the office. Highly recommend.
 Getting this fan has been absolutely worth it. It can run all day and night long without having any issues. Despite of its size, it is very powerful even on its lower speed.
 Great fan for the price.<br/>3 speeds pretty quiet on low and progressively louder on the other 2.<br/>Seems well made, especially for the price and adjustable air volume is very reasonable for it's intended purpose.
 Worst fan I have ever owned. I have owned two. I was so stupid for having bought a second. They are incredibly loud. They don’t make a typical fan noise. Both fans I owned made the same sound, which was an extremely loud and unpleasant rattling. This product is a joke and is reflected in the price. Please buy something else. The world is a worse place knowing these exist. This fan is currently sitting by a dumpster with a free sign. Hopefully, no one takes it and it gets recycled.
 I bought this because a review suggested it was a less expensive vornado. Truth be told it's highest speed is, at best, the Vornado's lowest.  It's an ok fan 2 feet from your face. But it has lackluster air movement beyond that. Spring for the real deal.
 These fans are great and bullet proof.  I've had one of 3 long term use units die on me.  That one was in an office environment.  The other two are in my garage and truly get beat up.  They are filled with dust, dirt, and sawdust and still keep cooling me down in hot Florida for years.
 Purchased this fan as my auxiliiary fan in<br/>our studio apartment, its quite with 3<br/>speed and can be rotated to 90deg angle are a plus, looks durable, just a minor<br/>flaw with the speed knob when turning ON and changing the speed coz its a little bit small and its hard to turn, overall recommend this fan for studio areas
 Perfect little fan for my office. I wanted a personal fan that wasn't too big and not loud and it fits the bill!
 Definitely quieter than previous versions but also doesn't move as much air, so it's sort of a trade-off ... also, this one has a barely slender enough of a base to just barely fit onto a windowsill that is 4 1/2" wide ...
 This is the perfect small fan for air circulation and white noise.  I ordered this and had it sent to my son's house when I went there for vacation.  I new a few comfort items although I am NO DIVA!  It worked great for both of my needs and I left it there so it will be waiting for me on my next visit.
 Totally worth the one digit price I paid for it. Quiet. Powerful. Even stylish. On minimum, from about 10 ft distance, it saves me lowering the whole-house thermostat a couple degrees. As such, it paid for itself on the first day of use.
 I have bought 4 of these fans and never had a problem with any of them. I wouldn't say they are super quiet, but they seem to put out more air than 12" fans that cost 3 times as much. They don't oscillate, but I've never really used that feature in a fan. Small stature fits much better on a desk or nightstand as well. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a powerful, compact fan.
 Perfect small fan.  I have run in continuously for weeks with now problem.<br/><br/>UPDATE: I ran this fan continuously for 6 months in my office for white noise, but now it has become very loud and doesn't blow as hard.  It seems like a lot, but other fans I have used in this fashion have lasted years, not months.  It is a bit of a disappointment.  I will be purchasing a different fan.
 Listen I wanted a fan that makes noise. Not too much noise but has to make enough and move enough air so I don’t hear the floors popping in the house. This fan is super quiet which is why I have this rating. The fan itself is great just too quiet for my taste
 This is a great little fan. It's a little louder than I would like on the highest setting, but it does a great job of pushing area around a small area. My husband wanted a fan to use as white noise while sleeping, so this is great for that. If you're looking to cool an entire room, you'll probably want a larger fan, but for cooling a small area you can't really go wrong with this.
 why buy a $15+ usb fan when this smaller desk fan is more than plenty. i even use it on the floor as a floor fan in my bedroom at night. only thing i don't like is how it doesn't pivot in multiple directions. it's either straight or one setting up.
 Don't let the small size of this fan fool you! It is powerful - I use it in my office and in my bedroom and often times, I have to change the strength down to the lowest setting. Brilliant, I thought I'd get this one and then buy the bigger one later, now, I'm not so sure I will need to. In any case - this is a very well made sturdy fan. IF I do end up buying the bigger, it will be the same line by Honeywell!<br/><br/>Thumbs up!
 My workplace has an open front in a 3 story office with South facing windows. The temperature is never totally comfortable. This fan is quiet enough for a workplace yet produces more than enough airflow.
 Bought 3 of them! Used them through house all summer and they work well. (I sleep with one on all year and it makes perfect wind sound to block out all noises out of the bedroom...kids, dog, tv) ;)
 Awful cool turbo they call it??  I tried it on the highest setting not so much powerful it went back.
 I bought this to create white noise in my son's room and also to circulate some air. It gets stuffy but I don't want the AC on all night. This is perfect. On the highest setting it can be noisy if that's not what you are looking for. But, it becomes more of a background sound that I don't notice anymore.
 Works fine. Smells horrible. I'm hoping the smell will go away in the next day or so because it is a very unpleasant chemical odor.<br/><br/>Editing to say the smell went away in about 24 hours, and I'm quite satisfied with the fan.
 The fan works wonderfully, and has yet to ever cause me a problem. I have it running almost nonstop, and not once had it made any weird noises or anything of the sort. If there is anything to complain about, the stand that the fan itself is put on could be a bit better, as the arms that connect the fan to the stand can wobble a bit as I mess with the fan's knob and things. Otherwise, the fan looks good and works well. Can't ask for more than that.
 Wow! Super powerful for the size and price! If you put is like on a side table next to a bed, and at an angle, the air flow will be felt pretty much along the whole bed. It does not swivel, but the angle of air dispersion is quite wide. I felt comfortable enough with speed setting of 1. 3 felt like too much!
 I've got a total of 3 of these fans in my home and office.  The one fan is on 24/7 throughout about 6 months, because my office is unseasonably warm throughout the year.  This fan is relatively quiet, but puts out a great burst to keep you cool.  It fits in about the foot print of a large textbook, and provides ample cord length to reach an outlet.  It was ready to go nearly immediately out of the box.  I'd highly recommend purchasing this fan!
 Perfect fan for small spaces.  Does it job and doesn't take up a lot of room.  Collects dust very easy and hard to clean
 It held up for the summer, but it started clicking and not working as well after a few months. There are much better fans on Amazon for similar prices and style.
 My review is based on the fact that this fan is quiet.  I need it to be much louder for sleeping.<br/>UPDATE...This fan died completely after 3 months of use during sleep. So 56 hrs weekly. 👎🏻
 It is quit i can say that puts off an okay amount of air for the price i don't think you can beat it.
 Update: my fan stopped working I thing the fuse needs to be replaced! I need help fixing it. Where do I get it from??<br/><br/>I love this fan its super quiet and it blows air at a great speed. Best $12 I've spent lately. It's very portable and light. I definitely recommend to anyone looking for a small fan to help circulate air in any space.
 I live in Houston, Texas. We have 90's to blow 100's every day of the summer. I am very hot natured, and cannot tolerate being over heated. I put this little fan on the arm of the sofa, and have it blowing straight on me. It has the power of a much bigger fan, and is very quiet. This keeps me from turning the AC down to 60 and freezing my hubby! I got this fan for $15. A true bargain!
 I love these little fans. I bought these to replace the ones in my attic.  I have 2 of them hooked up to a timer and they run about 9 months a year average 10 hours a day pulling the heat out of my attic. One of them finally died after 3+ years of this punishment so I figured I would just replace them both. The one still kicking will be retired to normal use in my studio.
 This is a great fan...for the price. Its not fancy but definitely gets the job done. I'm happy.
 The fan worked for for a few months, but then it stopped working unless the plug was situated an exact way. It's gotten worse and worse, so it basically won't work at all now. They did say that they would accept a return, but I have to ship the fan to them, which is going to cost about as much as it would be to just buy a new one (plus I'm down a fan while I ship it to them, they figure out the issue, and then ship it or a refurbished one back).
 I like that it’s compact. I put in front of my dogs kennel. I worry about her getting too warm.
 Bought one of these before and it worked GREAT. It was powerful enough to keep my apartment cool without hiking up our power bill.... HOWEVER, when this fan arrived, it was VERY weak (even on the highest setting). I am assuming that it is a newer model, but it looks like it made a change for the worse. Pretty disappointed.
 I use this fan for my basement. It's not very loud, and it's very powerful with three settings
 Bought this fan for my office. The AC in here only does so much when it is over 100* outside, so I needed some extra air circulation. It is quiet yet powerful. The head pivots easily so I can re position as I shift around throughout the day. Great value - glad I snagged this before it got any hotter!
 I use this fan at my desk in a quiet corporate environment. This bad boy blows like a tornado and runs as quiet as a mouse.
 I bought this fan because we had a Honeywell fan that recently broke, so I was replacing that one. It works fine, but I only bought it because our old one was extremely loud and worked well in our daughter's room (like a sound machine). This new one is so quiet, our daughter wakes up at every little sound in and outside of the house. Some people would find that appealing, but we were really hoping this fan would be exactly like our old one. It is a good fan if you are using it as a fan, but not so much as a sound machine!
 I ordered two of these so my husband could have one too after my old fan broke. So far they are doing great.
 Great price.  I've had one of these for years and love it.  I just bought this one for my office.  The only thing is a wish there was a lower setting because even the low is powerful.
 My parents seem to think AC when it's 90° out is overrated. So, I bought this fan. It's very quiet and powerful. It turned my hot, sweaty and miserable  days into just miserable days. 10/10 would recommend
 I had a much bigger fan that works great but it was too big to leave it in the living room and it was loud so I came to Amazon to find something smaller and found this product. Exactly what I was looking for. Found a similar one at Macy's, know brand, for much higher cost. This is a small size fan that I have on my tv console and it is quiet, at a great price- suits my needs and I am glad I purchased it. This is a keeper for sure.
 Good fan but if you are looking for something long term or something that will be kept on a lot don't expect it to last that long because the motor will burn out on it. Still for the time it worked it worked as stated and I was happy with it and it lasted longer enough that I felt the prices was justified.
 Absolutely what I needed. The office is so hot. This little jem is as powerful as a floor fan
 Very happy with the fan. Works great. Just the right size. Came on time. Would buy it again. Would recommend it.
 Fan works great. Just what I needed. Ordered 4 for same day delivery. Only recieved one.  Says the other 3 were battered deliveries but could not find secure place to leave them.  That's a lie. I was home all day, I have cameras at the front door and a big covered porch...
 ran 1 year and died.  don't companies make stuff that works anymore
 Very quiet fan. I use it in my sitting room to circulate air and it is quiet enough to not bother me while listening to the TV. I bought a second unit to circulate air in my bedroom at night.
 Great value and works like a champ, but may get a dud.  I purchased 3 of these, the 2nd one had a bad motor bearing right out of the box and was noisy so I returned it.  Also arrives in the retail box, no packaging box!
 It's bigger and more powerful than I expected. I bought it for work but, even on the lowest setting, it made other co-workers cold. So, I brought it home and use it in my kitchen when I cook. I can have the oven on for an hour or more and my kitchen does not get hot. Nice!
 Needed a fan at work that was small enough to keep under my desk and powerful enough to keep me cool without making a lot of noise. This fan fits the bill perfectly. Been using it daily for about a year and I'd  recommend it to anyone looking to do the same.
 Very disappointing. This fan stop working after only 3 months.
 I love the size, the auto-shut off if tipped, the heat out-put, and the fact that it oscillates. I am very disappointed that it's not working properly. Auto shut-off randomly kicks in, (not overheated, not tipped or bumped) and then won't turn back on. Seems to be a short in the tipping sensor??? Might try another one; contacting seller.
 This is a great little fan, perfect for my partner's bedroom to keep him cool this spring.
 Item arrived quickly and was well-packaged.  It is the perfect size and weight for use in the home and office.  All speeds operate very quietly, and it moves a lot of air for its size.  The material seems very durable.  I have left in on in my office for over a few months and it is a workhorse.
 Not as powerful as I expected And I almost considered returning it but I will try it for the time being. I would definitely say it is not turbo
 Great little fan for my office! It's perfect!<br/><br/>Update: The fan stopped working properly after 7 months. Starts and stops periodically. Sometime wont turn on at all. Not a good purchase. Now I cant return it since its out of Amazons return policy date.
 I keep buying these fans, they are strong, work incredibly well and have a really nice noise (not too loud.)
 Works great.  Using it right now.  I keep it under my desk at work and it keeps me quite cool on the lowest setting.  Also much more quiet than some fans I've tried.  Quiet enough that I sometimes forget to shut it off at the end of my day.
 As much as I like Honeywell, as I have purchased some of their products before, and they have plenty of good reviews, this product did NOT work for me. At first I thought it was my fault. Being in a foreign country I had already purchased a power down-converter to reduce voltage from 240-110v, The first fan I ordered, I plugged in to this down-converter, turned it on, and in 3 minutes, it blew the fuse and burned the motor. "Okay", I thought, "maybe I did not turn on the converter, my fault, I'll order a new fan." Not so. I ordered a new fan, and lo and behold, when I plugged it in to the down-converter, and double checking that it was functioning properly (as it properly worked with my other equipment which runs 110v) it still burned the motor and fuse, causing my entire room to fill with smoke.<br/>I will be contacting Honeywell about this, quite possibly for a refund of both fans, as it was mechanical failure.
 Blew fuse within 2 hours of use.  Comes with a spare.  Switched it out and has worked ever since.  Not sure everyone would know to replace the fuse in the outlet plug.  This replaced prior unit we have had for 3 years that runs quite a bit.  Feel as though we got our money out of the last one, so hopefully this one last as long.  Moves a lot of air and is quiet.
 We purchased this fan October 14th, it is now January 5th. I’m unsure of exactly when the fan stopped working but it’s dead. 1 month replacement window seems pretty short for an item that is only used on occasion.
 I replaced a O2Cool fan with this one and don't regret the switch.  This fan is much quieter, and puts out a considerable amount of air at all settings.  It appears to be well made, is very sturdy, and actually looks rather stylish.
 I was expecting at least a little bit of airflow power when I ordered this product. However, at the maximum setting, I cannot even feel the airflow. I don't even bother with the lower 'I' and "II" settings because they are not even worth having on the fan. I assumed that this could replace my old HT-800 after it got broken, but it was too weak to do so. to add to my frustrations, the grille isn't even removable. Sure, there are four conventional Phillips-headed screws at the back of the grille, but there are to "Torx" bits with sections in the middle so my tools can't even get to it.
 Insofar as I have yet to discern some change in the environment that means I can't  see it, It has not arrived. Having purchased one in the past, I know it to be a great fan. Hurry, don't be late! I need the fan!
 Got this to help air circulation in an efficiency apartment.  I get little breeze from the one window I so have.  The ceilings here are very high as well and it helps to get air moving up there to even out the rooms temperature regardless of season.  This does a nice job of that.  I also like that it has a turbo air output that is designed to mix the air up as it is pointed in a direction. That helps a lot to get air moving in a room.
 Loved it when it worked. It has stopped working after less than 2 months and it appears the motor has died.
 Love this fan. Super quiet yet packs a powerful punch even on the lowest setting. Worth more than what I paid.
 Its a savior for one of the rooms in the house which are in direct sunglight without attic space on top.<br/><br/>If little things were this efficient all the time, women wouldnt have any complaints at all!
 I keep it in my bathroom cause its usually hot in there and one in the kitchen another hot place.
 Great small size but slightly underpowered, also the fuse was blow with the one I got.
 It eventually gets noisy...like the bearings are going out. This is my second one and unfortunately, its doing it as well. But super quiet and works great until then.
 There is nothing "turbo" about this fan. Waste of plastic. Bought two and within one week there is clicking on one of them.
 This fan is TOO quiet. It does not provide the necessary background noise so that I can sleep at night. Furthermore, it doesn't even push air like the older models.  Keep this in mind before you purchase!
 Four years ago a friend gave me this exact fan and I used it every night until it started making horrible squeaking noises and I had to work at it to make quiet enough for the white noise I wanted. I have no idea how long my friend owned it and used it before giving it to me. I finally replaced it with the exact fan and so far I am very happy and expect at least another four years!
 I bought this fan because I like a fan blowing on me when I sleep, because the cats crawl on me and make me hot &amp; I like an adjustable fan aimed at my head....This fan was too small to do much good, so I ordered the next Honeywell TurboForce up.....and that one works fine for my needs....I didn't return this fan because of the return shipping amt.  It was cheaper to keep the fan...I will probably find SOME use for it somewhere, Sometime....
 For the cost, these fans are the best. Not good for a whole room fan, but sitting at a desk with this fan blowing is perfect. We've got three or four that we use around the house.
 I love this little fan it's small I bought it for my desk at work  I get really hot at work so this fan works perfect
 Purchased after bedroom fan broke. Had for weeks and very happy and would recommend.
 Inexpensive.  Do the trick, and last a long time.  MUCH longer than the Vornado fans I used to buy.
 I've had this product for one month and it stopped working already.  So I'd have to say it a piece of junk.
 It's a straightforward fan, it circulates air. It does what it sets out to do, and does it VERY well. Works like a charm in my spa treatment room in the dead heat of Summer.
 Don't buy it. The package says 25% quieter because they decreased the out put of it. Not as good as the original model.
 It’s quiet, but moves almost no air. On high speed, this is barely what low speed should be like.
 Had this exact model for years and lost it in a flood 2 yrs ago. This isn't anywhere near as powerful as the one I had before.
 This is my second fan of this makeband model in a year and a half.  The first one lasted about 15 months until it died (grinding, stalling, and eventually nothing), but the second one only lasted a month and a half (can’t return through amazon now).  I figured they were cheap enough to replace every year or so, but I can’t replace them every other month.  I’ll spend more on my next fan for better quality.
 Great small fan. Can't beat the price for how much air this little puppy moves.<br/>We have one in each room of our house. Super light and easy to move around. We don't have air conditioning, and we're fine all summer (in muggy Washignton, DC).
 sI had this fan for at least 8 years, maybe longer, before it stopped working.  So I looked online for the same model and was happy to find it on amazon.  The major difference I see is the top speed is not as powerful as my older model.  Howecer, it still does the job and I am happy with it, especially if it works as long as the other one.
 This fan is quiet.  We were replacing another Honeywell fan just like this (except it was louder).  We were expecting this fan to be like it since it was the same model number. We liked the sound from older fan better.  There is a pretty big difference in the sound.  The fan works fine &amp; has a good airflow.  There are no problems there, but it is too quiet for us.  If you are looking for a quiet fan with good airflow, then it should work fine for you.
 I love these fans.  I bought them to use for a hurricane and they came in very handy and I use them all the time since.  I have one in my bathroom while I am getting ready and one in my kitchen. These are well worth every penny.
 I bought this, and t is too quiet to be effective for drowning out noise while sleeping.  It works well, but it is seriously quiet, and not very high powered.
 This is a fantastic quiet little fan, perfect for a nightstand or under your desk to keep cool and circulate cooler in warmer months.<br/><br/>It is too small for effective floor use, a job reserved for its big brother, the 908 model, about 50% bigger and stronger than this little champ.
 good little fan, the blades could have been bigger theres plenty of room for a  larger set of blades not really an 8"fan more like a 6" fan but it looks good!!... lol
 Brought for son for camp.  He likes air blowing on his for sleeping and the white noise of a fan.  Worked great for the week and now I use it frequently.  Circulates a good amount of air for a small fan.  Noise is minimal.  If you need to cool down a small area or just like air circulating around you this is a nice little fan. If you need to cool down a room get a larger fan.
 This is my second one. First lasted two years and then slowly stopped working at lower speeds and eventually died. Wish it lasted longer since I hate buy "disposable" appliances.<br/><br/>Not overly powerful but nice for use next to bed as white noise and to keep temps even during the night.
 This is a really good fan. Although I would recommend it (and I gave it 5 stars) there are a couple things that I wish were better:<br/><br/>1) The blades inside are quite a bit smaller than the casing (fan cage? I don't know what to call it). The fan could be a bit smaller and work just as well (which I'd personally prefer).<br/>2) You can't point the fan downwards. I get around this by pointing it up and turning it on its side. But I'd prefer to be able to point it down.<br/><br/>Despite these issues, I'm overall really satisfied with the product and thought it was a good buy.
 I got this as a personal fan for my Bernese mountain dog to lose. It's not super powerful but it's quiet and the dog likes it. The package arrived super bashed in, taped up.
 I have 2 of these; one of which I have run 24/7/365 for about 2 years now.  It's still quiet &amp; still going strong.  If ever I need another fan this is what I'll get.
 Had a plastic stink to it for a month, but now is okay.  The three speed switch seems to be flimsy; you can feel it twisting when you use it.  The thing is I have a full size Patton fan and have used it for 15 years now.  It is GREAT.  Why are all the table top fans such disposable junk?
 Worked great for a while...got VERY dusty can can't be un-dusted...I used it at night...to blow air in my bedroom...made my c-pap machine tolerable to have air moving in my room...after a year...it got noisy...but it is inexpensive so I ordered another...I took it out of the box...plugged it in...it doesn't work...the fan does not go on...Of course, I'll return it...
 Replacement for exact model that died after many years of continuous use. Moves enough air on high to keep you cool on the hottest of hot days and is very quiet while at it. Smells like new plastic/oils for the first day or two of operation then no more. Highly satisfied with the purchase.
 Love this little fan! I recently got promoted into an office that feels like an inferno. I do not have control of the temp in the room, so this fan is my saving grace.<br/><br/>Strong little fan that is not too loud.
 As soon I received it start to work in my room, blows a lot of air when close. it only blows air about 10ft away when on high. about the noise when you use it at high speed a little noise came from the fan when tv is not on, If you have several items on at same time on you hear nothing.
 bought 4 of these to help circulate the air in our basement. They work well and are relatively quiet. Put them on a timer so they come and and off through out the day.
 Vent over my desk and office temp varies too much. Perfect size for my office.
 I use this fan in my classroom as it is not air conditioned--it is a PERSONAL fan, not one to circulate air throughout the room.  It provides the perfect amount of cool air to keep me dry and not a sweaty pool of swamp ass and bayou boob.  Great purchase.
 Nice product, very quiet.  Seems to move a lot of air for its size.  Has keyhole mounts on the bottom for wall mounting.  A nice little fan overall.
 Compared to the Vornado - there is no comparison. This is a very light fan and does not have enough power to claim itself as an air circulator. I do intend to keep the fan though because with the addition to a high powered fan, it does a decent job of blowing enough cool air onto you.
 This fan seems to have better directed and inferred breeze output than our same sized Vornado. Easier to switch to operate and even seems quieter and better speed separation.
 I've bought like five of these fans in the past. They don't last forever but they last a good long time for them being turned on almost 24/7 in our household. We even found a way to attach it to the wall which makes for more floor/counter space.
 Very weak little fan. Not sure why you would want such a poor performing fan.  I’m sorry I didn’t return it
 I have the previous version of this fan and for the most part this is an improvement.  The previous  versions " low" was hardly  distinguishable from the medium.  This new version has a nice and quiet low speed.I have tried different  fans over the years and for the price this fan is unmatched.
 Beside the fact the Honeywell Turbo-Force Fan came super-fast, the current heat wave in New England was the best time to test out how well it works, and for me it works great!  Haven't had the problems others have had and for me it's not that noisy (I've had noisier fans!).  It just works for what i bought it for and that's what's important to me.  Of course I've only had it for a week so far so don't know if I'll feel the same months from now....but right now it's been a great buy!
 I bought this fan about three years ago, and have used it almost every day. (I recently started menopause and have been having horrible hot flashes, esp. at night.) Therefore, this thing has been running all night, even in winter! It had been a trooper, but it just stopped working this month. For the price, I am more than satisfied that it lasted for three+ years. I look forward to enjoying this next one, as well. Good job, Honeywell.
 Have has it for 8 months now.  Bed/fan habit I developed growing up in a time AC was a luxury we didn't have.<br/>Works very well for my need.  Size belies it's power and volume of air moved.<br/>I have not had to disassemble for cleaning yet,  but inspection indicates no great difficulty will be encountered.<br/>Good quality and the price is great too.<br/>Recommended.
 I was very disappointed with how weak this fan is. The fact that it says turbo all over the box is a joke. It boasts being quiet but it's quiet because it's hardly doing anything. Compared to the fan I bought 2 years ago for $12 at a drug store I'm replacing.. it's high setting compares to the old fan's low setting.
 Good quality personal fan for small office uses during winter time when company blasting the heater.....
 We bought this Oct 31 use it nightly for white noise and it has already stripped working!
 Very quiet and pretty powerful. Only need the 2nd speed beside bed. Had another brand before this and it was a little more noisy and no where near as powerful.
 Put out good air for a small fan.... Rattles a bit on and off.  It's just kinda early in the game for it to be making off noises.  Other than that, it's a good fan.
 Great fan, but the bottom and sides are made of much thinner and cheaper plastic than what this same model used to be made of. The same fan of this model number I had for years was not flimsy, this is very flimsy.
 I bought this to be aimed at the face of the cook in my restaurant. It is absolutely silent and fairly strong for it's size. Although it took forever for amazon to ship this, the product couldn't be better. :-)
 Great little fan for the money. I use it to move air around during the summer months because it always seems like one part of the house is warmer or colder than others.
 This is a really nice little fan if you are looking for a very cheap but high functional fan. I live alone in my apartment but I don't wanna use the AC cause the electricity bills will be too high for me to afford. So I decided to buy this little fan. I didn't expect a nice one but it turned out to be great. This little fan is pretty powerful just so you know.
 I've had one for 13 years.... just bought another. Puts out a ton of air, not too noisy, but perfect to drown out sound.<br/><br/>I bought my first one in college and love it. That one stays in the garage... it's kinda dusty. The new one is indoors.
 I loved this fan! Just what i wanted. It worked great for about 45 minutes.  Instructions said maybe the fuse. My husband went to every hardware store and electric supply company. No fuse to be found. I waited to use the fan so am unable to return it.
 I use this as white noise for sleeping.  The other Honeywell I had lasted a couple years - with use every night I was home.... hopefully this one lasts a bit longer.  It's a little quieter (on medium) than I would like, but it's nice.
 This little fella looks rather meek and mild but boy look out because he’s packin’ a powerful punch.  On hot summer days I had to put on a scarf and gloves it got so nippy
 Best little fan.  We put it in our window opted not to get a box fan like we have in the past.  This little fan is amazingly efficient.  Kept us cool all summer.  Amazing price.  Would buy it again for another room in the house.
 I use a small fan because one room is hotter than the others to the point where you're sweating in winter. I have to sweat now.
 I have been using this fan during the summer although I have Air Conditioning. I need it when I get hot when I don't want the house so cold. I really like it alot and love the ability to change the speeds and tilt the fan upwards. I would have loved it if it was able to be tilted downward as I keep it on a table. Good value for the price.
 I bought this for my desk at work, but it was a bit too big and a little too breezy on the lowest setting for my needs.  I now use it in an 11' x 12' bedroom and it is perfect for moving air around even on the lowest setting.  I use the option to tilt the fan toward the ceiling so that It isn't blowing directly at me.  It would also be great for people who like a little white noise while sleeping.  I would recommend.
 Pretty quiet. Wanted something a little more powerful to help the baby sleep but this is a great fan otherwise for the price. Super satisfied.
 It's everything we wanted. I suggest a larger model if you want more serious "white noise". But if it's mainly the cooling effect you're after, this fits the bill.
 I give this fan five stars because it seems to be very solidly built for the price. It has three speeds and produces a lot of wind for such a small fan. I use it to sleep with to produce noise to cancel out background noise. It does a perfect job for that.
 I use this fan on the side table beside my bed. It is powerful enough to cool my bedroom, which is not super large, but at the same time it is quiet enough that I can have it on the lower setting and still hear the TV.  Even the highest setting is pretty quiet. Not silent, but by no means LOUD.
 I needed a small fan to move heat to back bed rooms, this is perfect it is small, quiet and unobtrusive.  The black plastic case blends in and the it is very quiet so I don't just hear the fan only when its on.  I have another set of these fans and would purchase them again.  They are very durable, it does not crack or break if hit or bumped.
 Highly impressed by the power meted out by this small machine. We recently purchased it on amazon for placing it on a bedside table as I like to have some air circulation around m as I sleep. It is very compact and also extremely flexible, the fan can be tilted 90 degrees which makes it very convenient.<br/><br/>Highly recommend this product!
 Bought this fan during the hot days here in Cali. This fan maintained my room feeling fresh and it is not too loud. I like the fact that you can adjust the fan to face you directly or turn it upward so that the air circulates in the room evenly. It has three speeds which I enjoyed. I had no problem with the fan getting hot after long usage. Hopefully I get no problems but for the price, this was a purchase I do not regret.
 Blows fast and hard but super noisy and squeeks like something is over tightened.
 It runs nice and quietly. The only thing I dislike is the hard to reach speed-switch button. It's located on the back of the fan. Not a smart design or perhaps a low-cost design. I would pay more money if they had the button placed on the side or on the bottom stand.
 It's a little too large for my night stand. I was looking for something smaller. Other than that it's fine. However it's a little challenging to turn on/off as the fan wants to rotate up when I attempt to turn the switch off.
 The best little fan ever!  Well, perhaps not little.  It isn't one of those really small personal fans.  But this little guy fits nicely in a window and you can really feel the cooler air he pulls into the room.  We've had the hottest and driest summer in over 100 years and I'm so glad I bought this little guy.  I highly recommend this fan.
 running non-stop, in a crawl space for months, works great and very quiet
 We use this for sound at night - but it also is great for cooling in small spaces!
 It died within a couple of months of buying it.
 Use this fan above my bed to keep cool at night, Super quiet and puts out a lot of air flow. Definitely worth buying over the cheesy Target clip on fan that will only last a few months.
 Small and compact but packs a punch! Love how it generates a nice air flow in the room. Quiet and Very efficient. Will buy again if needed.
 I love this fan:<br/>It is quiet<br/>It has 3 speeds<br/>It's nice looking<br/>It really makes you cool<br/><br/>I sleep with a lot of covers on and sometimes I get hot. This is the best fan for sitting on my nightstand, at night.<br/><br/>I highly recommend it.
 This is a great little fan!  I have it in my bedroom window to pull in cooler air from outside at night. The noise level is just enough to create some nice white noise for sleeping, too.
 Very quiet, consistent breeze desk fan. I've been using this model for several years now and I really like having it, especially in summertime.
 Bought this to use as a night time fan.  It puts out a great amount of air movement. It is not too loud but has just enough sound to help me sleep.
 it is larger than the fan it replaces, has 3 speeds instead of 2, and locks into place. am a fan of this fan!
 Does a good job for a desk fan but it's not the quietest. I use it at my bedside in the hot summers and on my desk at my feet. When it's on high though I have to turn it down to low when I am on the phone or people think I am driving with the windows down. The tilt option is nice especially if you will have it placed on the floor. Only good for small areas. I only say good in rating because it's called a TurboForce which it is not.
 Had the same product before which I had to replace because it stopped working. This new one I bought doesn't have the same air strength and probably has the air strength of a paper fan.
 Only Lasted a few months... almost 3 to be exact. Worked good the first month after that it started making a different noise but was still moving air as expected. Tonight when i turned it on the blades were at a crawl... turn off... turn back on dead with a faint humming.
 Love this fan! I bought it cool down my non-air conditioned home office during this crazy hot summer. The fan is quiet, but not too quiet, and it moves quite a bit of air. I've had it on all day, and it DEFINITELY made a difference. NOTE: The fan doesn't oscillate or move, so you point it where you want to direct the air and leave it alone.
 i love my little fan. i use it for my walk in closet that i changed into another room. this is perfect. its very quiet with a light white noise. It circulates really well. Im pleased.
 Wow! This fan is amazing. I just got this today and I love it already. It instantly cooled me down. In fact, I have to put it on the lowest setting or I'll be too cold. 10/10 would buy again.
 It looks nice but rattles and vibrates like a Ford Pinto
 With a name like "TurboForce" you would think it would be a fairly powerful fan...It's not! Very weak. And much larger in size than I expected. A little too big to use as a desktop fan for cooling my hard drive docking station.
 Cheap fan is cheap.<br/><br/>Testament to the product. Even though the first one died, we have gone ahead and purchased the exact same unit again.<br/>For the price I feel it lasted long enough (motor burnt out).
 Fits on my desk or in the corner on the floor.  Great for small spaces.
 The wind is strong. But sometimes it's too noisy to use, especially you are alone in the room. And after 2 weeks, it starts to make more buzzing noise.But it's cheap, anyway.
 Does not circulate air no matter how it is positioned to aim at the wall or corners.
 I was really happy with this choice of fan. Unlike the other fan that I bought on Amazon &amp; returned, this fan was the right size I needed &amp; was not battery-powered. Most importantly, it kept the room cool &amp; is fairly quiet!! Highly recommended!
 love it
 Moves a lot of air. 3 speed, and adjustable. I have two mounted on the wall above our bed, and it's great for summer heat.
 I purchased this fan as a white noise generator, although I will probably use it in the summer too. It is rather quiet, but if you have it right next to your bed at night it works fine. The main issue I had is that the dial is strangely annoying to actually use without tilting the fan at the same time.
 Great little fan for the money. Not very loud and creates a decent draft.
 Worked great for about 2 months and now it won't turn on. I did see a few similar reviews of this happening. But I ignored because it was a good price and what can I say I'm a little bit cheap and I was hot when I ordered lol. I need a replacement now. Don't really wanna buy this one again, but like I said it worked great for a few months.
 I love my little Honeywell ht-900. I use it under my desk at work. It's super small and keeps me cool and most importantly, it's very quiet. Perfect for any setting. I might buy another one for home too...  Can't beat the price too.<br/><br/>I'm a fan of this fan. Go Honeywell!
 This fan is extremely quiet, offering a consistent and quiet hum even on the highest of three settings.  The third setting also offers a lot of power, and is ideal to run at night if you like to have white noise to sleep to.  I have only had mine for about a week now so I can't review it in respect to it's durability.  If I do find any flaws there I will adjust my review accordingly.
 I can't sleep in silence, so when the Honeywell stand fan I'd had since high school finally died I went in search of a new one. I hadn't intended to get a tabletop fan but the idea of saving floor space was appealing. This little fan is excellent. I keep it on medium all night for the perfect amount of white noise.
 I smelled something burning when I first turned it on. Then when I turned it off, smoke came out of it. A little too noisy, a little too strong for my taste.
 We got 3 of them, so easy to move around. They really move air around! Love them, great buy!
 I use this fan for white noise while I sleep. I like that the tilt is adjustable. Pretty powerful for its size! Even the lowest setting creates a nice breeze in an average size bedroom.
 I already have central air and heat, and bought this fan to blow a steady stream of wind onto me as I play games and browse on my home computer. It does its job brilliantly. The fan is quiet, powerful (but not so powerful on the lowest setting as to be annoying), and adjustable in its position. I would not recommend this as your first source of temperature control in a room or in your home for obvious reasons, but if you're looking for a strong desk fan or office fan this will do the trick nicely.
 Air flow is less than previous  models but is a lot quieter. They have redesigned the base into a smaller footprint and was delivered with pads missing.  And the fan blade redesign reduces fan noise with a lower air flow.. I purchased this unit for air circulation only. It does generate a white noise and is pleasantly quiet
 This is my 3rd of these fans. I run this constantly to provide constant flow in the office.  It's quite enough that it's not disturbing at low levels but provides a decent flow of air.  I can adjust it easily from horizontal flow to vertical making it very versatile.
 Had to buy a second one because this fan is perfect! Small but not too small! 3 speed and the fan can be pointed straight up! Makes the perfect white noise for night time to help light sleepers fall asleep and stay asleep without any repetition.
 This fan sits at my cubicle at work. It is SUPER quiet and still manages to push some serious air through it.
 We bought this fan several years ago, and it only recently burned out. I’m impressed it Indureed as long as it did.
 Fan works well, little noisey untill put wd-40 on shaft. Now quite and works well.
 THIS THING IS AWESOME. I bought it for a camping trip and ended up using it as a noise generator to help me sleep. I put it face down on the floor and covered it in a t-shirt. I can leave it for 24hrs straight without it getting hot. The low fan setting is perfect for a mild background noise that keeps me from hearing my roommate going to the kitchen or coming home late. I cover it in a t-shirt because fans dry my eyes out, and it hasn't caused any issues with it.
 ehh, these are ok, could be better, probably should have got a box fan instead of this.
 This fan is great!  Powerful, small and quiet was what I was looking for in finding a fan.  This fan is all of these!  I use this fan in front of my air conditioning vent to circulate the air around the room.  I own 3 of these and have them in three different rooms.  I love that you can swivel the blades up.
 Works well enough. I bought this for one reason, and that was to sit in a windowsill and pull in cool air from an open window to cool the house off at night. It works OK at that, but the air displacement from this unit isn't very good (which isn't surprising, it is small). It is also louder than you might expect, on the highest setting.  But overall, it does its job well enough.<br/><br/>4 stars
 Great functionality and quieter than the previous version by far !
 This is the quietest high powered fan I’ve ever gotten... love it
 Creates a lot of circulation but I bought it for the fan noise.  Excellent fan noise for sleeping!  Even if it only lasts 6 months like most small fans do I would still buy it over again since the price is reasonable.
 I purchased this to replicate my similar-sized Vornado fan. If you’ve owned a Vornado, you will be disappointed at the low airflow of this unit.
 CRAP!<br/>Don't even waste your money.<br/>My daughter used a gift card to buy this as a bedside fan. Only days after having it one year, it died. No product support. No way to fix it. Ended up as trash!
 for a little $10 fan this moves a surprising amount of air so using it on a desktop with papers is probably not a good idea but under a desk or as an exhaust fan this is amazing
 Be-aware if it’s size. You might want something bigger if you are planning to use it for your personal bedroom aiding the AC.
 This is great for my kitchen counter. I use it while I ride my spin bike. It is quite powerful and keeps me cool while I workout. I can see why this is a #1 seller. And it is so cheap!
 for the price this is an amazing little fan. It is quiet and powerful. We use it in the bathroom in the summer to keep the steam away, prevent mold buildup from hot showers and get ready in comfort. I highly recommend this fan. For the price, you will not regret it. I bought a second one to use in my tv room!
 Does not put out the air that I was expecting.  Also, the second speed is slower than the slowest position.  Very disappointing considering the brand.  I will be returning 2 of these.
 This little fan has helped me keep my cool in my classroom, that tends to get very warm at times. It is not overly noisy either. Pretty great deal if you ask me.
 We needed more air circulation in our living room and it supplied everything we wanted and then some!  In addition to multiple speeds to choose from, it's incredibly quiet.  My old Honeywell fan died a couple years ago, and it was nowhere near as quiet as this is.  I'd definitely buy this again.
 After 2 months the motor lost power and on high, would operate at the equivalent of low when it was new. The lowest speed barely even spun at this point. Worked great initially, but 2 months for a fan that was used at most a few hours a day is less than acceptable.
 I used this fan for the white noise at night and turned it off during the day. On night two it started making a squealing noise and then stopped working all together. Very disappointed.
 We bought 2 of these, they are great small enough to put anywhere, top of the fridge, worktop, table etc. I have them aimed up towards the fan so the air circulates and although its still 83 in the house it doesnt feel stuffy so its easier to deal with. My only little, and i mean little, bugbare is sometimes when your trying to tilt the top its a little top heavy and takes a couple of goes but as we are about to get a 3rd one its not really a big deal.
 I tried building one of those 5 gallon bucket A/C things.  Filled the bucket 3/4 of ice and placed this fan on top...  it was mildly affective.  Then I took the fan off and was cooler with just the fan blowing in my face.  Guess that's not the fan's fault - but if I was just going to buy a fan only to cool down with I wish I'd bought a larger one!
 I use this on my desk at work.  I work in a cube.  This thing rocks!  Nice and quiet.  NOT silent, but just a little ambient noise.  Really cools the whole space well even when aimed upwards to avoid blowing papers around.  The fan is bigger than I expected but still fantastic.
 I just got my fan today. Plugged it in, and it sounds like the bearing is going to die. Normally a fan takes a few years before they sound like this one.
 I love these fans. I bought them 2 years ago and they are great and are great power especially for the price. I got two more this year and the quality is the same. Super happy with the purchase.
 Now that winter is here and can say I'm very pleased with this fan! It is used to move the heat from a wood burning stove. It has a larger motor than my old one so it runs better and is very quite.
 I was really looking forward to a turbo/white noise sound. Disappointed this doesn’t have that sound, it’s quiet, but works great.
 Just bought a second one 2 weeks after the first.  Has a pleasant sound.  Really moves the air around the room with a gentle almost nondirectional breeze.  I keep one in the middle speed for the bigger room.  For my small office I use the lower setting.  May buy one more!
 This fan is perfect for under my desk where I've tried everything to redirect the warm air in the summer and cooler air in the winter.  If I move it to the top of the desk after I'm done working, it cools the room exactly where I want it.  It is the quietest fan I have purchased thus far (competing with other Honeywell fans as well as Vornado fans).  Great price and quick delivery, as always.
 This fan is incredible!!! I have a medical condition that makes me hot and sweaty all the time. This fan is one of the best fans I've come across ever. If is forceful enough that I even get a little chilly. I will be getting more of these.
 My favorite fan for my bedside when sleeping. I had one before I got from walmart and it worked well for years until the motor died. Had to buy another. Will use it until it kicks. Blows out incredibly strong for being so small. I use it every night 365 days a year./
 Very powerful fan. It has three different power settings; I keep it on the lowest setting and it produces more than enough air flow. For the price, you can't find a better fan than this one.
 This fan was on constantly for over a year at the lowest setting. It is very quiet normally, which is one reason I bought it. A week ago it started making an odd noise. When I powered it off to investigate the source of the noise, I couldn't find anything. However, the fan didn't power on after that at all.
 Strong little fan that isn't too loud. You can't beat it at this price.
 Very pleased with this fan. I use this in my office and it works great. Moves a lot of air and makes very little noise.
 A poor mans Vornado fan. LOVE IT. i bought several for myself and some for family as gifts for birthdays/christmas. helps cut down on electric costs
 Doesn't blow as hard as previously purchased looks alike looks same but does not perform the same
 I really like this little fan.  I am using it in my bedroom right now, but I am sure it would be good anywhere.  I run it on low at night because it does seem a bit noisy on the high setting to me, but I am very pleased with its' size &amp; function!  I would recommend it.
 We lost our first one after a trip to california and loved it so much we had to find the same one.  This fan gets used for 8 or more hours each and every day and has yet to fail on us.  Our first fan we had for two years before we lost it.  We have now had our most recent fan for over 5 months and love it.  Its pretty quite on the first two levels so we keep it on level three each night.  It does put out a lot of air for how small it is.  A highly recommended fan for a bedroom.
 I received my Honeywell HT-910.  Looks fine and has a smooth and surprisingly strong air stream for its power at all three settings, and, according to my Kill-A-Watt meter it uses just over 17, 19, and 22 watts at low, medium, and high.
 Love it, love it, love it...  Quiet, works great in small areas or close up.  Take it traveling also...  SATISFIED WITH PURCHASE, AND WOULD RECOMMEND.
 We bought two of these bad boys for our home because their is no AC. We have ran them almost 24-7 for the last year and they are still going strong. Very good price for a great fan. Half the price or less than some other name brand fans but these are great. Highly recommended and would definitely buy again.
 In this case you get far less than what you pay.  This fan makes a very annoying rattling noise.  Low price and even lower quality.
 My office got so warm (the ac control is in a different classroom) and what a difference!!!!! It is now cool in my room, I don't even notice it's on and I lover it!!!!!
 This little fan has plenty of power and works well, it just seems to have a rattling noise after about 3 min. I dont see anything wrong with it so I’m not sure why it does that it seems otherwise solid.
 We bought this to replace the last fan we had behind our fireplace and I was a bit worried because it was made out of plastic, but the airflow coming out of this fan blew me away! (Pun intended.) Would very much recommend for air circulation, and no worries about temperature or melting within 1.5' of the back of our freestanding fireplace. I've never noticed this fan getting over warm because of proximity to the fire.
 This is not your average fan, which is why I guess it's labeled an "air circulator" instead. It delivers a powerful, concentrated stream of air in any direction you choose. We've only used it on low so far and it's powerful. We were previously considering buying a second air conditioner for our apartment but this has rendered that unnecessary. It effectively pulls the cold air from the air conditioned room and pushes it into the other rooms. I got a great price, but knowing what I do now, I'd have happily paid 3x as much for this "fan."
 I purchased this product and the great part was that I received it the same day.  The product is good its just not great. It blows just for a certain distance not really for a complete room.  Cannot compare with Vornado which can blow up to 2 rooms. The upside is that it does not make as much noise as the Vornado would.
 This is a great little fan.<br/>Wish it mad a little more noise - bought it mainly as white noise for sleeping but it's too darn quiet. :)
 These little fans are *perfect* for all around the house.  They are relatively quiet (I mean compared to others, and especially compared to big box fans).  They really do the job, and you can't beat the price! In fact, I have 5 of them now!
 Powerful quiet fan. Even on high, this fan is fairly quiet. The low setting makes a nice breeze and serves as a white noise maker. On high, I can feel the breeze 20+ feet away. I use it to help get rid of humid air by putting in near an open window. The sturdy base is wide and help keep it firmly seated.
 I keep this fan by my bed for use on hot summer nights. I've never turned it higher than the lowest setting; no need, because it's quite powerful despite its relatively small size. Very quiet, as well.
 The Honeywell Turboforce Air Fan was a nice addition to my desk. I am a college student who works at the desk for hours. Since, I moved I don't have an Air Conditioner and this fan saved me. The fan has 3 speeds and is able to be mount onto a wall with screws. The fan at the highest speed is moderately loud but the other two speeds were relatively quiet. Good value for the price of the fan.
 Perfect little fan. Very quiet, but packs a punch. I use it on my desk at work on the lowest setting, but it could definitely be used for a bit of a larger setting.
 Works well in smaller areas or as a personal fan - not for larger rooms.
 Just the thing when it is hot and you don't want a fan in your face.  I put it on the floor and it circulates the air.
 I only got this to replace the exact same fan I'd had for several years before.  They have made the fans quieter, which is nice (although I use it primarily for white noise).  The speeds seem the same though.  The top speed pushes pretty good air for a small (tabletop) fan.
 This fan was a lifesaver during the hot summer months!
 I have had this fan for only 3 months and it stopped working. I hardly used it when I first received it, then started using it more (at night) about a month a go. Last night it stopped spinning, made a buzzing noise and smelled like burnt plastic.
 The box says 25% quieter than earlier models--totally delivers on that claim. I have bought several over the years. They eventually get noisy. But this one is silent and perhaps it will keep the quietness. Impressive.
 A little noisy, but a good trade for the air movement.
 nowhere in the ad FOR this fan does it state "do not plug into extension cord."' had I known this I would not have purchased this fan
 Perfect floor fan for bedroom, office, for the air flow and white noise
 Works great, gets the job done and its a great price! Not much more to review I use it all the time! It has multiple fan settings I keep it on the floor so my dog can keep cool in his crate.
 Tips and tricks with this totally awesome fan. My wife has two of these on her makeup table, one left and one right. It takes forever for her hair to dry so while she puts her makeup on, these beauties are drying my beauty's hair! Plus we both are hot getting ready in the morning so this keeps her cool as well.<br/><br/>For me I have one under my desk at work. I'm a big guy and seem to always be hot. This fan is so quiet nobody near me can hear it so I like that. Even on low it pushes a lot of air so sometimes I bounce the air off the inside of my desk and just having a little air moving feels so good and keeps me from feeling like it stuffy and hot at my desk<br/><br/>Now here's the cool part. I bought some of those clickers they usually sell around Christmas time. Something like this: <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Woods-13569-Indoor-Wireless-Remote-Control-Kit-up-to-66-ft-Range-3-Outlet-Pack/dp/B003ZTWYXY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Woods 13569 Indoor Wireless Remote Control Kit  up to 66 ft. Range, 3 - Outlet Pack</a> You plug it into the outlet and then plug your fan into that. Now you have this hand held clicker with an on/off switch and without having to bend down under your desk to shut your fan off or on, you just press the buttons on your clicker! This way I can tuck the fan way under my desk and don't have get on the floor to turn it on or off. It's an awesome set up.
 I use this fan at the office. The low setting is a bit strong, but overall I am happy with this product. It is a little larger than I expected, but still works for my desktop.
 Tiny little fan that blows a tiny amount of air.  I believe I will return.  Even on high there is Nothing "TurboForce"  about this fan! I was duped by the name.
 I use this for white noise at night. Works great for the price.
 It stopped working after 45 days.  The websites talk about cleaning the motor and oiling it.  If you have to open it every 45 days and oil the motor, it is junk.  I have 2 other fans (different brand) that have been running for years with zero maintenance.  This purchase was a mistake.
 It stopped working in less than six hours. Normal usage. Not much else to say.
 Great product for the price.  I like a really loud fan to help me sleep.  This has a nice sound quality and puts out a surprising amount of air.
 I paid for an 11-inch fan and received a 7-inch fan that is very weak....turbo...really?
 The BEST table fan for near the bed. I have one, my 13 year old boy has one and we can't sleep without it. White noise helps keeps the birds from waking us too early, too.
 I was honestly surprised by the amount of air this little fan puts out. Exactly better than my floor fan and fits conveniently on my desk. We were so happy with it we got a second one.
 I bought one of these for my office and use it constantly.  It is the best.  My co worker started turning on her heater to even out the temp.  we also bought one for my wife when she was pregnant.  Again the quality is superb.  I would definitely recommend this product and am considering buying another one for our gym at work.  Its just a little work horse that doesn't quit. I've had mine for about 2yrs.
 Lasted 45 days. Turned it off today heard a loud pop and now it is dead.
 Awesome fan.  Pushes a lot of air even on the low setting.  Fan is super quiet and does not require a lot of space to sit out of the way.  Have this in my bedroom along with a ceiling fan and the air is being moved totally outstanding and keeping room extra cool..
 I originally bought this to help my garden seedlings I start indoors to have sturdy stalks, but I have found another use at work to protect me from the nasty perfume that a nearby coworker marinates herself in!<br/><br/>It is very quiet and the cord is adequately long enough
 Love this fan use it every night, nice and quiet 3 speeds.
 Nice little fan. Very quiet. Puts out a decent breeze.
 This little fan rocks!  I bought this for my office.  I am always hot so, this fan is perfect!  I don't even need to use a setting above low.  I am thinking of purchasing another one for home .
 This is the best $8.09 I have ever spent.<br/>Far exceeds expectations. Even on low settings there is excellent air flow.<br/>Perfect for small spaces.
 It was okay while it lasted...  I bought this fan 3 years ago to use at night while I sleep, and it recently died..  It blew a decent amount of air for the size of it, but it did wobble causing unpleasant noise while trying to sleep.  Out of the blue, it died and acts like it wants to turn on but doesn't do anything.  So if you want a mediocre fan that lasts for about 3 years, have at it.  I will not buy this one again.
 Great little focused desk fan for work. Quiet but powerful. My only complaint is that it is a bit too powerful, the lowest setting will still blow your hair back unless you have some distance. Still, awesome fan for the money.
 Quiet and produces a good amount of air movement.
 Great little fan...keeps me cool at night...actually at the lowest setting sometimes I need to turn it off because I get cold. Thinking of buying one for my office also.
 Great small fan. I use it in my bedroom to add white noise at night and the low setting is perfect. It does what it's supposed to and moves a good amount air around, and the low setting is fairly quiet. The stand does feel a bit cheap, but doesn't rattle and I haven't had any issues with it yet. Overall it's a great fan for a small room and a great value.
 I love this small fan.. it blows really hard and it’s small.. I’m a bartender and there’s no circulation by the coolers on the front line and this fan solved all my problems.. I love it.. Great Price too..
 This fan worked great until two days after the 30 day return window expired.  Then it stopped working.  Avoid this fan.
 Bought my first fan 2 years ago and its still running.  Pushes air really well and its a great fan.  I purchased a second fan six months ago and the motor just died.  Don't know what to think.  I really like the fan but am disappointed with the longevity of the second fan.  I'm debating getting another.  I haven't found a fan the pushes air as well as this one.
 I had this fan for about a month before the motor became incredibly loud. Not in a way that needs oil, but some other mechanical problem. I bought it to replace a similar model that I had for 2 years. I've never had so much bad luck with fans until the last few years! Now they are consistently loud or shakey. What gives?
 I have to have a fan on me at night.  After going to a doctor appt,  I saw this fan in my room, and it was not noisy, but I could feel the air coming across the room, so I wrote the name down, went home found the exact fan on Amazon for a great price, so I purchased, I love this fan!!!!!
 This is not honeywell . This fan is so weak doesn't blow any air even at max speed. Turboforce no way I have other honeywell I bought few years ago and  there 10x stronger
 As a desk fan it's just a little bit too large, it's hard to find a size between the micro-fans and this fan that functions perfectly for a desk. That being said, if you can hang it by the holes provided on the base I think it'd work perfect.
 Looks fairly well made, has a pretty good air output.
 Great fan. It is much more quiet than previous fans I have used, but still blows air at the same rate. Don't know what else to say--this does exactly what it purports to do.
 So far I have purchased three of these fans.  The latest one I bought seems to move as much air on its highest setting as the lowest setting on the one I bought a couple years back.  I've used them every night in my headboard blowing on me while I sleep.
 I first used this product as an exhaust fan in one of my development assignments.  Each fan lasted about 18 months.  That's incredible for its price point.  Considering I used this product in an extreme environment it wasn't intended for, this fan exceeded my expectations exponentially, all while being incredibly quiet during operation.  My team now keeps at least 10 of these things on hand for current and future projects.
 Bought two and they really make a difference in a room
 Got one in my office and one at home next to the bed.  What force! I needed a powerful, portable unit and this model delivers. The "white noise" may be loud for some but I grew accustom quickly.  Now, can't really sleep without it.  Three speed rpm levels, easy to clean, long cord, solid stand.<br/>Great product for the price.
 Started making an annoying sound after about two weeks. It's a good personal fan but not ideal for cooling rooms. Not impressed.
 I put this on my desk at work. I was very nervous about the noise affecting coworkers (we sit in a trading floor style with people just 3-4 feet away from me). They can hear it (a very low hum), but it's not at all distracting and it gives me a nice cool breeze. Even the lowest setting makes a huge difference.
 I like it. I had an older one just like it that for some reason puts out a stronger wind but this one works for my purposes, probably better because for this use I needed a little less wind since it is used close to my work bench. I like how I can adjust it to blow different directions including straight up to the ceiling when it is nice to just help circulate air in room.
 We were searching for fans for my daughters room for a few months but they were just so expensive. I decided to look on amazon and she LOVES this one. She likes to sleep with the fan blowing on her face. It keeps her cool at night and it's not loud at all. Will purchase again if we are in need of another fan.
 This fan is small enough to fit on a tiny shelf I have in my office, but strong enough to circulate air in the entire office room. The one caveat so far is that on the highest setting (which I need in order to circulate the whole room), is very loud. In comparison, my huge desktop computer at full speed doesn't sound as long as this thing. But it gets the job done!
 Fans are pretty straightforward, but I will say this one ans keep plugging away all day, has a nice tilt function, and moves a lot of air at the various settings. Also has the nice wind noise with no vibration.
 Great value for the money.  Got this for around $8 on sale.  Puts out a lot of air for the size and has great white noise if you like to sleep with a fan.
 Nice fan.  Works as expected.  Was hoping it wasn't as loud as it is but is a nice fan and works well.
 Nice little fan for the rare hot days experienced in Oakland, California.  I bought a  white one last year. I couldn't find it this year. I bought this one. The day it arrived, I found the old one (of course). Keeping.
 This will do me fine.  Just needed a little air before hot weather arrives and the A/C gets turned on.
 I'm frustrated because I received this item in an unsealed, opened Honeywell box. I thought it was strange when I first received it--that there wasn't a different type of packaging, masking what the item was. Additionally when I went to plug the fan in, I can hear the motor running but the fan doesn't work.
 Honeywell fans have always been the best. Honeywell makes airplane engines, so they know how to move air.<br/>This fan is quiet powerful, yet surprisingly quiet compared to older models of this size. I am very happy with it for helping to cool my office.
 This fan stopped working after two years. I liked it when it worked. I’m just disappointed it didn’t last longer.
 Bought one 2 years ago for the rv. It has run many hours and works great. Bought a vornado for the rv bedroom and it didn't last 6 months. Just ordered another Honeywell.
 This fan is great and compact. I leave it on the window so I could get some cool air in my apartment when it's hot outside
 It really is quiet!  On low I thought it was off at first.  On high it is very OK... not the noisy whine wind noise like other fans I have had.
 A little noisier than I would think for such a small fan, but boy does it move some air. Perfect for those who need a breeze to sleep.
 I absolutely love this fan. I am always hot at work and my coworkers are cold so I decided to buy a fan for my desk so Im not sweating to death all day. This fan is perfect. Most times I leave it on the lowest speed and I feel great all day. Some days I need the higher speeds and its like having a mini air conditioner on my desk. I love it!
 Bought 3, one developed a slight noise on low but for the price they are excellent.  Will buy more if I need to.
 I put it on my dresser and the air flow was great. The fan is built well and should last a while. I was concerned about it being all plastic built it is built well.
 Would recommend, high quality, nice product.
 It's a great little fan. Bought it to use in my office and it's perfect for the task. After reading a few reviews commenting on the fan noise, I was slightly apprehensive, however for an solo office its fine. It generates a small amount of white noise, nothing too excessive.  On the lowest setting you can barely hear it.  Very pleased.
 I thought it would be reliable since it’s a well known brand, but it stopped working after just 6 weeks...  unfortunately, that was about a week after the return deadline.  We only use it for about 10 hours overnight each day.<br/><br/>Extremely disappointed that I now need to replace it already.
 I give this a 3 because it is quite and that's it, Massey fan is 5 times stronger and the same size, don't believe what they say about it being really strong and really cold in the reviews, trust I have 3 other fans set up in my house, my lasko is beautiful and really cold also like my Massey fan
 This came in pretty handy when it was literally a heater in my room. I intend to bring it out again this Summer
 I am using this fan in my office.  It looks nice so I don't mind it sitting on my desk.  It is a powerful little fan.  I can only handle it on the lowest speed.
 My office is hot as heck and this fan really moves the air.  Has 3 settings so I can fine tune how much air I am getting.  Since I work in a close office environment, the quietness of this fan has impressed me.  I would definitely recommend this fan.
 Fan itself works fine but disappointed in the new design which is quieter.  I had an older one that went bad which I loved for noise when sleeping but unfortunately this one is near silent and doesn't seem to move as much air.
 Powerful little fan!  The multiple settings has proved to be handy.  Plus the fan can be adjusted (okay, the adjust-ability is limited).
 Great little fan, very powerful for it's size.
 Believe it or not I almost gave this 4 stars because it's too quiet. Half the time I use my fan just to drown out outside noises. I cant fault them for that though. The fan is very quiet and puts out a lot of air.
 This thing is incredible. It provides great airflow for such a small fan and is loud enough to simulate some white noise for my baby and myself. Sleeping a lot better now!
 Had this fan for a long time and it finally crapped out on me, so bought a new one. I have to sleep with fan noise - real fan noise, not a noise maker fan noise - and this is a perfect little fan for travel.
 The little fan is very cost efficient, with that being said, it does what it is supposed to. I am using it with adequate step down converter for 220 down to 110 with proper wattage ratings. The motor hum is louder than the air the fan produces. Wouldn’t recommend it for a small room or when sleeping.
 My spare bedroom-turned-office does not have a ceiling fan so I purchased this. I wish there was a fourth, slower setting and I think the settings should go: Off, slowest, slow, medium, fastest and not the other way around, but that is just me! Great product ether way.
 Nice size -  quiet enough for the amount of air flow you get.<br/><br/>I move this fan down to my home office every morning - and back upstairs to the bedroom at night.  It's perfect to help distribute the A/C air into "dead pockets" of the house.<br/><br/>Ordered another one for my son's room.<br/><br/>has the added benefit of some nice "white noise" at night.
 Love this Honeywell fan. It's sit on my desk and makes Houston heat much more manageable.<br/>It's relatively silent compared with air flow produced even on setting 1
 We have central air but it is too weak to reach upstairs to keep the bedrooms cool.  Every summer, we still had to put window AC units, not this year!! I placed one fan in each bedroom in front of the vent and it circulates the cool air really well. I'm sure it's saving us a lot of money also!!
 Very little air comes from this. Not useful
 During the long and cold winter, when the heat is turned up high just like my wife likes it, I use this as a personal fan. I also use this for white noise. It keeps chugging along and keeps everyone in the family happy.<br/><br/>For this price and the tiny non-intrusive size, I couldn't have asked for more.
 In 90° weather and 90% humidity these fans don't work as well as I had hoped. I bought 2 and unless I'm sitting at least 2 ft. in front I barely feel any air even on high. They are extremely quiet compared to the Vornado I have, but I can feel the air coming out of the Vornado at least. I really need an air conditioner is what I need.
 Love this little fan. Not too loud. Stands up great. And when cranked all the way up, can really blast some air.
 This fan does its job, but it is definitely louder than I had thought.  I have it on my desk (it's about 3 feet away from me) and have to turn it off before I take conference calls on speaker phone.
 I bought 2 of these for use at a Farmer's market with our canopy. They look good, and work great in our 95 degree Florida "Fall" weather...I would buy again
 If you're looking for a portable fan that barely has any power this is perfect for you.<br/>It's very quiet and does not blow very much air at all. Would not buy again.
 Have always loved this fan. Great price, will last you a few years. Highly recommended.
 Bought to take on a cruise and loved it.  Blows plenty of air, small enough to fit in the luggage. Did exactly what I wanted it to do!
 Great fan for the money. Would recommend.
 We had three of the old version of these fans for about four years, used them a lot.  They began to get noisy so we decided to replace all three.  The new ones look the same and are exactly the same size but the motor is much weaker than the original.  It pushes less air so what the old ones could do on speed 2 the new ones need to be on the highest speed 3.  The box claims they are 25% quieter, not a surprise since they must be at least 25% less powerful.
 Got it for my office and it works great!
 This is a perfect little fan for my bedroom! If hot flashes are keeping you up--this is your solution. Good price, it's quiet, has 3 speeds, quick ship. Love it.
 Bigger then expected.  Very strong.  Wish cord was a little longer
 such a great buy ! It's super quiet even on high, and it's not extremely difficult to clean, Plus it also comes with a mount if you want to hang it, I personally have it beside my bed and it makes all the difference in the Southern California heat!
 You can literally blow harder than the high speed setting, don't waste your money. the second star is for the sturdiness since my kids dropped it and it still lightly blows like before, lol
 This was replacement for same model fan in workshop. Original was at least 5 years old and used to move air in basement so often on. The old one finally stopped working. This one is a replacement.
 It’s a nice little bedside or desk fan. Perfect for keeping me cool at night. The only “bad” thing is it’s a little noisy but nothing that would wake you up or keep you from sleeping or anything.
 Simple design but it does what it's supposed to and the quality seems to be very good.
 It works for a year now and it puts out good air flow.  Turbo ?  lol -  but its good
 Had this bad boy for more than a year now. Had to clean it once (popped off like 5 screws and pulled all the hair out of it) but it's worked fine the whole time. I run it a lot during the summer too.
 Doesn’t make a lot of white noise it’s really quiet. Cools you off decently.
 This product is sub par at best. Died in less than 3 months. After working with their warranty company. They wanted me to pay shipping (more than cost of fan) to return this fan. Before issuing another one.
 I loved this fan so much I got one for my desk at work and for home. It's an awesome value, I'll probably be buying more in the future (one for the bedroom perhaps).<br/><br/>The fan is quiet and powerful, I usually only need to use it on the lowest setting. It also doesn't take up much space on my desk!
 For a small fan it’s quite powerful. I recommend it, especially for the price
 Throws air really well, especially on high. My only complaint is that the up/down position clicks in place instead of allowing you to fine-tune the height.
 Quit working in less than a year. Had to throw it away.<br/>Update: Bought a second one because maybe the first one was a lemon....nope!  It just stopped working too. Unbelievable!  Do not buy!
 Excellent, cheap fan.  Not sure what more you could want at this price point.  If you want nicer be prepared to shell out a lot more.
 Not as powerful as I had hoped, but it has a nice oomph. I was really looking for something that would send papers flying though.<br/><br/>Edit: 6/4/2016<br/>So the first one broke after a year. just stopped running. Bought a new one to  replaced it. Feels weaker than before. Pick it up but do expect to beat the heat much with it. Probably wont buy it again.
 Good quiet beside fan. If you go to YouTube, you can learn how to take it apart for cleaning.
 Powerful little fan.  Really moves the air and isn't too loud.  I like how you can adjust the angle it blows, too.
 I'll keep it for the price, but it's smaller and less powerful than expected.
 Great fan for the price. Does exactly what we needed and does not cost nearly as much as the Vornado
 Very quiet. Sometimes I can't hear it so I'm not sure it is on; but it is. Love that. This is my second Honeywell fan. First one lasted over 10 years.<br/>Great fan!
 I love it, works great! It is a bit noisy, but I actually love noisy fans because I'm used to sleeping with that noise. The only thing I would change about it is the fact that it doesn't go down, it only goes up. So if I'm trying to dry something on the floor, I actually can't. Otherwise, great fan!
 Great compact fan that moves a lot of air. We use this in our rv and works great as a sub for a ceiling fan
 Got 2 of these to create air flow while painting.  For $8 bucks...you can't go wrong. ($8.09 was the sale price here on Amazon on 9/19/17)
 Fan works well and is quiet.  The tilt mechanism is very handy.  One minor glitch is that the switch on the back is a bit awkward to get to.  This would be a great product if the switch was on the front of the fan.
 yep, it moves air, small and compact, fits good
 plastic, moves up and down. doesnt blow very hard. but works good for close up .
 2nd one I have.  First one still works great.  Must be 15 years old.  Works great.  These are great fans and really hold up.
 An extremely capable fan, especially for the price. Airflow is noticeable up to about 12 feet away which is pretty impressive for such a small fan. Operation is very quiet, and the controls are solid. Overall a great fan for a very very good price.
 Great little fan for the money. Works great.
 Most powerful fan in its size class! 3 different speeds. Perfect for sleeping. Not to loud. Honeywell is consistently a great brand.
 I have an HT-800 which is the exact sane plastic mold size as this HT-900 that the motor went out on. Being that this is the same size I expected it to be just as powerful. It's about 1/3 of the power. HT-900 is only .25amp.  My HT-800 was .80amps. It moved more air is a small package. I can't use it in a larger room like I used to.<br/><br/>Its still a nice fan but disappointing.
 Was okay at first but died within a few months. Kind of expected it to last longer. My other similar fan is 5 years old and still going strong.
 now this baby can't be beat, its a fan that works. nice light weight an kools down the whole room, very happy with this little fan.<br/>only thing is. its cheaply made so i hope it holds up.
 Not very strong. In order to feel a cool breeze I have to set it on high (III). Wouldn’t purchase this again
 This bad boy helps me sleep at night. Maybe make it easier to clean would be my only input
 I use this at work where it fits right in my bookshelves and moves a surprising amount of air. It's definitely not a good fan for a whole room but it's great as personal fan. I would say that the speed adjustment is mostly to compensate for the distance you are from the fan.
 This fan stopped working after two days. That’s a huge waste of money 😞
 Ordered 2 and they stopped working after about a month.
 I bought this for a coworker because she's always hot. This is powerful enough to reach her at her desk. I would say where its at is about 6 ft away and it reaches her. She loves it so I'm happy with the purchase!!
 Ordered two. One is good. Other one the switch doesn't work. If I mess around w it ...it works on High but that's it.  Must say it seems a pain to send back.. so I'll keep it...note it is band new and not sellers fault
 I'm the type of person that NEEDS to sleep with a fan on, just for the noise alone. After moving and leaving my ceiling fan behind, I needed a new one ASAP! I found this and decided to give it a try. It is perfect! It has multiple settings and is easily adjustable to aim it whenever you please.
 This fan is priced right and lightweight. Definitely works if you have to have white noise to fall asleep. It doesn't provide much in the way of cool air though. Great to bring if you are staying overnight with family or friends but not to cool a room.
 Works great as long as you are directly in front of it, so I'm not sure why they call it an "Air Circulator"
 This was a great deal. However, I have had the fan for a week and it has already broke! I tried to contact the seller but there is no direct way to contact them. I am frustrated and would not recommend buying this fan! Not worth your money!
 This fan is one of the best I have owned. It is very quiet even on high speed and the airflow is incredible. I liked it so much I bought 2 more.<br/>I will absolutely be buying a few more for next Summer.<br/>Great product
 We wall mounted ours due to lack of space. I wish that it oscillates, but aside from that it works pretty well. Makes a great white noise to help child, baby, &amp; myself sleep better, plus blows alot of air fort the small size!
 Stop looking for reviews. Just buy this fan. I am sure you will love it.
 good fan for the price.  Don' let the name TurboForce fool you.  It's not gonna blow your socks off.  Good fan for the price though
 Over a period of a year purchased two fans to cool the back of computers. The year-old fan died.  Honeywell used to be known for quality. A quality fan should last 5 years or more, like in the "good old days" of 1990s, 1980s, 1970s, 1960s, 1950s.  Shun Honeywell or replace every year.  Pros: It is fairly quiet and can be pointed at various angles most fans don't go, and a relatively good air flow for small space/room.
 Nice fan it seem sturdy and feels cool. I paid well over what I think the fan is worth when it Arrive to my country but regardless it a nice little fan.
 I bought this fan for my desk at work (coworkers like it a bit warmer than I like...).  I turn it on every work day for about 9-hours per day, so it does get used a bit.  It replaced a fan that I had for over 5 years doing the same job: that fan began to get bogged-down and struggle to spin until it finally failed in February.<br/><br/>Update: 19/JUL/2016<br/>At first, I loved this fan--much larger than the previous, so I appreciated the improved airflow.<br/><br/>Sadly, today, after being used for only 4½ months, I turned it on and it struggled to get up to speed--what I take as an early warning sign of impending failure...<br/><br/>Since the warranty process requires $10 to get the item shipped back, plus I would have to pay shipping to them, it will be cheaper to replace it with a new fan (I paid $15 for it in February, and it is now under $14 on Prime, though I may consider a different fan... not into spending $15 every 4-5 months for a fan when I've had equipment from lesser-known companies last years longer).<br/><br/>Update: 03/JAN/2017<br/>Fan died completely on 16/DEC/2016.  Wouldn't start up despite priding blades to try to get them to spin... I wish I could give it a zero-star rating, but I can't...<br/><br/>Time to find a different fan... Sorry Honeywell, you're losing your luster...  Sadly, the price point makes this now a disposable item: you could have a lifetime warranty on it and I'd still just replace since I can get a new one sooner and cheaper than what it costs to use the warranty...<br/><br/>Off to find a different manufacturer now...  Let's see what Amazon has to offer...
 Great fan it's very quiet I use it in my toddlers room at night for light noise.
 I bought two of these. One couple years ago to use it at my own place, and the other one this summer to use it at my office. It's not that big, not that small, easy to carry around, and most of all powerful fan. And it's not that pricy.
 - 3 speed settings<br/>- Angle can be adjusted (vertically clicks into place, horizontally you'd just rotate the entire device)
 I bought this for a desk fan, would not recommend it for that. This fan is really powerful! I might move it to my shop and get a smaller fan for my desk. It's a great fan though.
 Absolutely perfect for a little desk fan. I had a larger version of the same thing. Put out too much air and it was a tad loud for a desk fan. This one, on the other hand, is perfect for what I was looking for. Quiet and easy blowing.
 This was a pretty great fan, but I have only had it for about 3 months and went to plug it in last night and it wouldn't work. It is completely broken. Beware that this may break after a couple months, but for the price what do you expect?
 Affordable and gets the job done. Perfect size fan for a desk or table. Moves the air surprisingly well.
 Very powerful, a little noisy but to be expected from a device like this. I also use this in my photography work to add motion to subjects. During the summer while practicing drums I can't open windows so this little guy saves me money by keeping me cool without ramping up the house AC.
 Need this for my desk at work and it is awesome. I walk on my breaks and lunch and live in Florida so I get hot and sweaty and need to cool off quickly and it works wonderfully.
 I found this to be the perfect fan for my living room! It's not very loud, so I can actually have it turned on while watching tv and still be able to hear fine. But don't let the lack of noise fool you... this fan is actually pretty powerful.
 Just as advertised. I'm happy.
 Extremely quiet and moves a decent amount of air.  Great for sleeping or if you like a little air moving in your office.
 My mom gets hot flashes a lot and need a powerful fan that didn't cost too much. This is great! She loves it. Now she doesn't have to bug my dad about turning the air on in the winter  :-)
 Perfect fan for my office. Gets a little warm in there at times and this little thing is quiet and works perfectly.
 I bought this to use as a personal fan and it's small enough to place on my desktop yet powerful enough to move a fair amount of air. It can be used on the floor as well and the tilt housing is a bonus. It's also very quiet and has a rugged build. A great personal fan at a bargain price.
 I'm a big fan of this fan. Honeywell fans, I'm definitely a fan of. They work great and fan a lot of air around the room. Fan.
 I purchased three of these fans and I must say they are working wonderfully. The amount of wind that these fans produce are incredible. Its hot here and I havent had to run my AC that much due to these fans. I make sure that I have a fan in each bedroom and living room and it definitely cools the room. Two thumbs up.
 I bought this fan to keep air circulating in my downstairs.  It stopped working completely after three short months!
 Cheap and simple fan. Really moves the air around for being so small. I like it!
 Immediately using the product, the fan began making electrical cackles as if it were going to blow. After only a minute of use, the product began to emanate smoke and I quickly powered it off, before it burned my room down. Although it is quiet and powerful, to me it has a high risk of starting an electrical fire
 We have an older version of this fan and it moves WAY more air than this one. This one works fine and definitely isn't as loud. I just wished it pushed as much air as its predecessor.
 This is the third fan I've purchased as I use two for the music room and take one to music performances to use on the stage while I'm performing on my Music Keyboard.
 Noisier and stronger than expected or really wanted on low setting.
 Great fan, it really moves air around the room. Very quiet, do not buy if you are looking for white noise during nighttime hours.
 I have this going every night next to my bed. Has lasted for many months.
 Looks just like my other Honeywell but this one barely blows &amp; is so quiet on its strongest setting unfortunately.
 Moves a lot of air for its size!! Would buy again
 Good quality and works well.
 Shipping was fast and good. I did not like the product at all. It's small, not powerful at all and the worst part is that it does not tilt up and down. It broke on us the NEXT day. Super disappointed.
 Love this fan is just the right size for a personal fan is very powerful and quite. I highly recommend it.
 Surprisingly powerful for a small fan. I use this in the garage at my work bench, but also works great for use on one person rather instead of an entire room.  Quiet, too.
 I thought I'd save a little money buying this fan over a Vornado for my home gym.  Unfortunately, it doesn't quite compare and the money saved was definitely not worth it.  Even on the highest setting, the airflow is weak and the farthest thing I'd describe from "turbo."  Would work fine for a little countertop fan, but not strong enough to contend with Texas heat or a sweaty workout.  Spend the extra money - stick with Vornado.
 Purchased for white noise. I'm giving it 5 stars because it does everything it purports to do. I bought it not for air circulation, (though it certainly does that well for such a small unit), but as a white noise device, because I was tremendously unhappy with the Conair sound machine. I actually wish this fan was a bit louder. However, just like it promises in the description, it's quieter than other similar-sized models. It's not going to drown out other noises, if that's what you're hoping for, but on it's highest setting, it does deliver a nice, steady drone that's great to fall asleep to in an otherwise too-quiet room. For the price, I'm happy with it and definitely keeping it, unlike the Conair.
 These fans are noisy, and you can't point them down...they only rotate upward.  Makes them useless unless you are planning on putting them under you or directly in front of you.  And they are pretty noisy.
 Cheap and can help you fall asleep.
 I dislike products made to last until their warranty runs out. This is my second, I thought that I would take a chance with the second because I do like the airflow this provides. The first died about 18 months after I got it and this last one died two weeks past the expiration of the warranty. I will not be making another purchase.
 About the diameter of a large dinner plate this proved to be a great little​ fan to have in the room. It is quiet on the lowest setting, and not really that loud on the highest. It proves great white noise while trying to sleep.
 Really quiet, which is a plus. It should be since it hardly moves air. Should have returned it but didn't bother hoping I would find some use for it. Have bought other Honeywell fans and always been satisfied, I guess I got a lemon with this one.
 I’m a flight attendant and ordered this to keep in my flight attendant bag for those overnights where the hotel controls the thermostat. Needless to say it’s a little big. Lol
 Great for kids Bedroom. Pushes more air than you would expect for the size.
 I've had this product for one year. It just stopped working. I like the fan and the settings itself, but the last fan I had from a different company worked for longer than 5 years. I will be contacting the company.
 Cheap, quiet, small, energy efficient.<br/>If thats what youre looking for, than this is your product. Ive was hoping that I could tilt the fan downwards with the stand, but you can only point it upwards.<br/>Losses a star for me there.
 I love this fan! It works extremely well and best of all, it's really quiet compared to others. In fact, compared to others it works better in terms of moving air and creates a cooling effect even with no air conditioning on. It makes the air seem fresher. I am very happy with it!
 I unfortunately live in a building without air conditioning and so I was really having a rough time until I got this fan. It's a life saver!
 Love these fans! We live in FL where humidity can be a problem even with the AC on. I use these in each bathroom after shower/bath to remove any residual steam and moisture.
 This fan does a good job of circulating air. The top speed cools the room pretty quickly with an open window but is a little too loud for sleeping, the bottom speed is great white noise for sleeping and helps keep the room cool.
 Very happy with this fan.  It's quiet and effective--not hurricane force, but I don't need a hurricane.  It kept my guest cool during a very hot week in Southern California with no a/c.  It's very nice for sleeping.
 Get what you pay for. I have purchased two of these that have died in 2-years or less.
 I use this at my desk at work so I generally have it on setting 1 or 2. It works great, the knob is on the rear side, wish it was on the front. Noise wise is not bad, but definitely noticeable if you leave it close by. It's pretty powerful so at the top setting it's pretty noisy. Would recommend.
 very quite and moves a lot of air.I would have given it 5 stars except the fan does not point down, only straight forward and adjusts upward. It was purchased to set on a dresser and blow down onto the bed. You cant do that??
 I used this in a server room in a cage where it is constantly on.  It lasted almost a year.  I am buying the 15 inch version of this model and hope to get a longer life from it.
 EXCELLENT air push! We open a door and put this in the doorway and it works wonderfully at cooling the room.  If you drop it, it does break easily where the fan housing hinges into the floor frame  :(  I broke one so badly it couldn't be fixed.  This is my third fan.<br/><br/>Can be loud, so be aware.
 Works great in my office
 Very good small fan. Use in bedroom so did not want a big fan.
 This fan works very good to keep me and my husband cool at night. If you’re looking for a fan to keep you cool or keep your room cool this is perfect.
 Quiet and really moves air. If you want a personal fan, this one is great. I just purchased another one to use in the living room.
 Works good for the price. Last about a year with daily use. This is my 4th one.
 I purchased this fan to take with us on a cruise.  My husband and I are used to sleeping with a fan going and we knew we would miss the noise and air moving if we didn't have one with us on vacation.  We needed something small so we would have room for it, but with enough power to let us know it was there!  This fit the bill just right!  It is small enough to be portable but big enough that it provides air movement and a little bit of that white noise we have come to appreciate.
 Great fan. Have had two of this model in the home running non-stop for several years. Though neither unit failed, it was time to replace them with clean new fans. They're quiet, small, and move a large quantity of air. Very reliable product!
 I needed a small fan and had tried several that  were too loud or not powerful enough. This one did exactly what I was looking for, and you can't beat the price!
 Wore out in a year.  Not bearings.  Fan spins freely.  Something in the electronics.  Like worn out points/brushes?  Maybe something in the switch?<br/><br/>Either way not happy.  It should last longer than one year.
 Ive had this little thing for a while now.  Its very good puts out a great amount of air, circulates my entire bedroom and its pretty big room.
 This fan _is_ quieter than the comparable older model but it is less powerful. Still a great fan, would recommend.
 These are cheap and last a long time.  Buy a few!  These really help in the Summer months.  I bought one for my desk at work when we were having trouble with the A/C.  I liked it so much I bought one for my Son's room.  This doesn't move as much air as the Vornado we bought, but it is much more affordable.
 This thing pumps out hella air. Great for college dorms or apartments. And considerably quiet and compact considering the volume of air it pushes out at the intensity it does.
 This fan lasted for about 6 hrs. The motor started locking up. I turned it off then tried again the next day. It ran so I thought it was fixed. I like to sleep with a fan on so I tried to use it at night. I woke up to the fan having the locked motor again. Only $8 but I am disappointed. It seemed to be a solid built little fan but I guess not.
 Bought this fan to replace the same existing fan I have that is extremely loud, and the motor slows and speeds up on its own. The shipping box arrived without a dent but the fan has a chunk of plastic missing where you turn it on that was found inside the fan with the blades. It’s functional but cracked.
 I'm giving 3 stars because these fans are hit or miss.  I've bought several over the years from Amazon.  One is still working great.  The second had all the things wrong with it that other reviewers complain about.  It was a piece of junk and died.  The third is much better quality.  For the price point, it's fine.  You just may get a reliable one or a malfunctioning one.
 We liked it so much as a kitchen fan, we got another one for our son's room. It's a strong unit for the size, and it's not too noisy.
 Nice fan. Will fit in window sill okay, not perfect but doesn't fall out. The highest speed isn't all that powerful, however it's nice and quiet for at night. It moves enough air for me, but not sure if it will for the boyfriend.
 NIce and QUIET. Use it at night, replacing some noisy fan. This one is solid build and quiet enough so I can still sleep.
 4 of these grace my apartment.  3 where on for 8 months straight and never bothered me or had any issue.  One lives under my bed and solved a condensation problem I had every winter.<br/><br/>need a space efficient fan that will run for ever?  this is the one
 Very nice little fan! Mine stays on all the time!  I have a room with a glass ceiling &amp; it gets REALLY hot if there is sun &amp; condensation if it is cold.  I keep this fan going &amp; it has been on for months now, still works great &amp; has good power to keep air circulation!
 Great for $10 I work in a grooming salon and I have this fan on my station.
 Great little fan.  Have it sitting on my desk at work in a rather open and quiet environment.  A little loud on highest setting but hardly noticeable on the lowest setting - which is usually sufficient for me.<br/><br/>Leave it running all the time and still hasn't quit.<br/><br/>Very happy.
 Super quiet and strong.  Great for the price
 Only worked for about 30 days and motor started acting up. Went to the store and bought another one....same issue.
 I paid 12US for it.<br/>I bought it for my English Bulldog.<br/>It does its job, but i think is not Turbo as stated,<br/>I gave 5 star because of the price and because for what i wanted it the job is done.
 Bought this April 21, 2016. Today is July 25, 2016. So 3 months after I bought this product it just suddenly stopped working. So I am going to buy an expensive fan this size and hope it will last a long time. You know! One can't rely on cheap products. I've learned my lesson.
 Good fan.  I had it for  about 18 months or so.  Not noisy. Worked fine.  But I could not take it apart to clean the blades.  So even though it still worked, I gave it away.
 Really love this fan. I bought this for my son's room and it's amazing. I am going to buy one for my room now. It really does cool everything down. Only downfall is its a qtip cleaning, you can't unscrew the back to clean it
 While it does the job of providing a good amount of airflow at three different settings, it began 'clicking' upon each spin after about a month of use. Since this was purchased mainly for white noise, it is extremely distracting. This has been the first time I've been disappointed with a purchase on Amazon and hoping it's the last.
 The fan works great and it's a little noisy. I knocked off a star because I find it hard to clean. When a stand-up fan gets dusty you unhook a few clips take it apart and clean it. This thing doesn't come apart easily. In order for me to clean it I sat down with a bunch of paper towels and cotton swabs.
 Work fan for my desk
 Perfect sound level
 The amount of wind this fan produces is really impressive and its pretty quiet and very cheap. I really like the quality of the noise it produces too--no clicking sound like some fans make. So its just smooth white noise that is very easy to fall asleep to and that blocks out external noises very well.
 Great little fan. I mounted it on my treadmill to keep cool during runs.
 Bought this on April 6, 2016, and it stopped working (blades no longer turn right away when I turn it on) in September 2018. So it lasted about 2 years 5 months. I expected it to last longer.
 This fan keeps me refreshingly cool by directing powerful, concentrated breezes directly on its target.<br/><br/>The major downside was the nauseating, noxious, classic "Made in China" fumes that fan emitted for the first 12-hours or so of operation. Had to vent by letting it run at an open window. DO NOT VENT in a closed small bedroom, which I initially tired--might disable any pets inside!<br/><br/>Bargain price for a product that provides top performance, but leaves me concerned for the working conditions and health of factory workers assembling these fans.
 Small package, moves air with force. Fits in small places, so convenint.
 Great for hot days and white noise to drown out traffic sounds from your apartment.
 Moves a lot of air for a small fan and isn't too loud.
 works well  luv the gift
 I recently replaced this fan because it stopped working. I'm giving it 4 starts because it's a great value and I literally had this on every day for the past year and have of the time I ran it 24hrs a day. It's a little loud, but the perfect size for a bedroom!
 I was disappointed that it did not blow harder. Even at its highest speed setting, it's just a gentle breeze from a few feet away, which might be what you want in a desk fan, but it did not work well for my purpose.
 My NYC apartment doesn't have air conditioning. This small little fan was able to circulate the air enough at nice that I could sleep with a cool breeze. It is small and provides a nice background hum.
 Blows a lot of air for those hot days. Two things prevents a full score: 1. It transfers a lot of motor vibration down to a wooden surface and could benefit from soft rubber stands. 2. It only pivots up. 10-15 degrees down would be perfect.
 Supposedly, this fan is really quiet. Every time I turned it on, within 1-5 minutes, I began making all sorts of sounds. It was terrible...sadness. I returned it.
 The fan is OK and quite quiet at the low setting but mine had a bit of a knock at the higher speeds. Returned it for something else. Might've been OK if it wasn't so close to me that I couldn't hear the knock but that wasn't the case. Oh well, can't win them all.
 I use this on the highest setting for the white noise when I sleep.  It's not extremely loud but serves its purpose as far as blocking out the sounds of my roommates all through the night.  For a small fan, I find the amount of air output is exceptional.  The three different speeds are also convenient.  I'm very happy with my purchase.
 Ok for single person use. Buy a bigger one if you have 2 or more people using it.<br/>The lowest setting hardly have any breeze.
 Great little fan for the price; however, there is no way to take it apart to clean the blades or cover. I will try canned air and see if that works, but the dust is otherwise hard to clean off.
 Great little fan. Compact and powerful. Very happy with purchase.
 I can't sleep without this fan!<br/>It makes just the right white noise hum for me.
 Perfect size if you're looking for someone not too small or big.<br/>The fan itself is pretty queit if using meanwhile going to bed at night and it does have a good air circlation.
 Thus far this little fan has been incredibly impressive, recently the office was shoved around those of us who don't spend a lot of time at FMC were put into cubes for the time being (even the fellows 0.o). I'm a moving air kinda guy, and while in an office I kept a tower turbine fan, can't do that out there, looks cluttered enough with my plants; so, even with this being temporary I needed something to keep the space less stagnant.<br/><br/>I grabbed little beauty, it is a little bigger than I envisioned, but at the same time it's not intrusive or off-putting, it slid right int he corner and on the lowest setting is perfectly quiet while jetting out a nice fresh stream of air. Honeywell makes good fans in my experience back in the apartment dwelling days, so that was a major motivating factor in choosing this fan over other models.<br/><br/>Without going on much more, if you're looking for a nice corner or under the desk fan, this is a smart purchase.
 You literally have to be directly face to face with this fan to feel anything does not travel or ventilate ... total waste should have gone again with Vornado m
 Cheap and strong wind. All I needed it to do. Could have done a better job with the legs, they feel wobbly but it works and hasn't broken so I'm happy with it.
 Quiet and strong
 Nice little fan ,my dog love to lay in front of it.
 I bought 2 of these fans in Jan 2014.  They were used almost daily in 2 different locations.  The first fan motor stopped working in Jan 2015 and the second died just weeks later.<br/><br/>They did push a lot of air but were louder than expected.
 I’m one of those people that does not sleep well without a fan in their face. I bought this fan with the intention of taking with me when I go out of town. The price is very reasonable but for me the highest setting did not emit enough blowing power.
 I bought this two to three years ago and I've loved it constantly. The only problem I have with it is that the bearing for the motor wears out realatively quickly. That may be because my unit was "refurbished". It basically ran from the moment I got it so maybe that's it.
 Great product, definitely recommend it to anyone. Moves plenty of air and doesn’t make a ton of noise like the others.
 I have it under my desk.  It's super powerful and easy to clean.  Love the Honeywell TurboForce fans.  I have several larger ones all around the house.
 After only 9 months of light use, the fan blade no longer spins. I can hear the electronic pulse humming inside of the item, but apparently the motor has failed. I took extremely good care of the fan, and only used it on my desk. Additionally, I see in the reviews that other customers have shared a similar story. In conclusion, then, I strongly recommend that you avoid this product.
 If you plan to use it in close proximity, like right below your feet (3 feet), it is perfect. Don't expect feel the wind from 10 feet. I kind of expected that based on its dimension, because it has small blade.
 This is the second of these fans I have purchased! They're a little bit louder than most but they keep my hubby happy when he sleeps so I can deal with that.
 This little fan packs quite a punch! Don't be put off by ita size, I can feel this little fan more than the large floor fan I have. Perfect for 1 smallish room or office.
 Quiet and puts out a high volume of air.
 Great, well built little fan at a great price. I use it for my desk at home; I tend to "run" a little hot all the time. I really like the size, it's pretty quiet and just the the right amount of power on the three levels.
 It's a nice little fan, moves a lot of air for it's size. And it isn't too quiet. We use fans for white noise as well as cooling, so I was concerned that it wouldn't do the job. But it does make enough white noise, just not so much that you have to raise your voice to be heard over it. This is our second purchase of the same fan because the first one lasted for a year of continuous use.
 great fan at a great price. not too quiet which is perfect because it is also used for white noise while sleeping
 Excellent and quiet
 My husband and I have different sleeping needs. We have a ceiling fan but when he needs it off , I have my fan set up.to blow on me. Perfect.
 Be careful - the one I received is an obvious counterfeit:<br/>1. The motor is less than half power of another of the same model purchased from an office supply distributor.<br/>2. The switch actuation is extremely stiff yet the knob is poorly secured.<br/>3. The plastic is clearly much more brittle and of poorer quality.<br/>4. The arms of the base are poorly secured.
 My favorite desk fan! Cooler days to help circulate heat...warm days under desk for air movement. Perfect.
 Fan quit working after only a few months
 Nice quality fan for excellent price. However, I bought this for my nightstand for white noise while I sleep and this fan is very quiet. I guess a quiet fan can be a good thing but I wanted this to drown out noise. Blows better than my girlfriend:)
 It's very small, and weak. When I turned it on for the first time, I thought probably I didn't remove a sticker or something from the propeller, so that it's this slow. And, to my surprise, it was even on the maximum speed.
 This fan is great. I have it in my office, It doesn't take up alot of room, is solid, well made and blessedly quiet so it doesn't effect my co-workers. I'm very pleased with it.
 This fan stopped working after a week. Haven't had a chance to ship it back. We bought 2 and one stopped working. Would like to return for one that works. Will you send me information to help me exchange?
 Lasted a good 8 months of constant use but started losing power after maybe 3. Not the worst buy for 20-25 bucks, but you definitely do better.
 Great fan for my fireplace. I like being able to get extra heat from my fireplace by using the fan on the glass. Helps the fireplace heat our whole home without using any other heat source.
 Ordered a couple for my green house. They work wonders! Helps keep the air circulating.
 Not as whisper quiet as they say it is. I was disappointed but it will serve it's purpose and I'll eventually adjust to the noise.
 Have had this for about 6 months now and usually keep this running at least 15 hours a day. No malfunctions yet. I put it on the low setting while i sleep for those of you who can't sleep without a fan being on, this is great for that.
 Wow, this fan really moves a lot of air and is pretty quiet.  It's not as silent as some have claimed but I'm still very pleased with this item
 I am seriously considering buying one of these for every room in my house. very powerful for the size. noise is minimal.
 This fan is super quiet and puts off a ton of air.  I don't even think I have ever used it's medium or high settings because the low is so quiet and powerful.  If you are looking to move a lot of air, this is the way to do it.
 If looking for a weak fan then this should fit your needs. Disappointed but not worth paying for returning.
 Nice quiet little fan.  Moves a lot of air.
 This fan is like my wife - full of hot air and barely get's the job done! On it's highest setting it is pretty weak. I would not recommend it for anything other than setting on a desk or somewhere that is very close to you.
 This fan works well for creating air movement in my art studio.  I use different solvents and thinners and I have greater peace of mind because of the fan.  It's not silent but is certainly quieter than a full-blown (ha, didn't mean the pun) fan.
 Excellent value. I bought the tiny vornado and this, and this Honeywell fan wins hands down. The Vornado is loud and doesn't move as much air as this on its lowest setting. And it's extremely quiet. Great price, great fan.
 Great fan for the price. Quality is great and seems very durable. Compact and powerful. Perfect for small areas like a tent or just use for noise.
 The fan is exactly as pictured and works great.
 Works fine. We got this to use in my daughter's room for white noise. It's not as loud as the one we have in my son's room.
 nice backup for cooling off.
 good price an size
 Handy, relatively quiet, easy to use &amp; move more air than expected
 This fan is an excellent investment.!  I bought it because my NYC apartment is horrendously hot, this fan has already worked miracles!  I would recommend this product to anyone needing a lightweight, adjustable, three speed fan. Perfect!
 Pretty good fan that I purchased 2 for when my other one dies. I use this in a small office to circulate air and help keep me cool.
 I bought this to put into our mudroom where my animals sleep at night because the air flow from our central unit isn't as strong on that far end of the house as I would like. It works okay and would be great as a desk fan, but doesn't come anywhere close to providing the air circulation from my Vornado fans like I was hoping.
 Great little fan!  Nice air flow and a nice "white noise" to it.  Great for helping me sleep and drown out my husband's snoring!
 The fan works great!  I saw on some of the reviews that people didn't like the new design because the base made it unstable.  I have yet to have any issues with the fan falling over.  It keeps me cool during the day while I am at work and it is also very quiet.  This is my second fan and the other fan works just as we as the day I got it too.
 This fan was great while it was, but it stopped working after less than two months of use. I used it for a couple of hours a day at work, and one day I tried to turn it on and it just, didn't. Not so cool.
 I work on computers at my desk, but require 2 large screen high resolution monitors, due to the numerous application I need open simultaneously, mosltly all viewable at the same time.  Between the computer and monitors, it becomes very warm when wearing casual dress shirts with a t-shirt underneath in an already warm office.  This fan can REALLY move some air but has 3 speeds!  It keeps me wide awake all day.  I ask people around me if it is too loud, but they seem good with it.  It is very inexpensive, built like a Sherman tank, reasonably small footprint that doesnt take up too much desktop, very long cord, easy to open up for cleaning, and lasts many years.  This time I bought 2.  I very highly recommend it as a close proximity fan.
 Got this little fan to sit beside our wood stove and circulate the hot air. It's small, quiet, and unobtrusive while doing a great job of, well, circulating air. I have no complaints.
 Smaller than expected but works well in small places or for one person.
 This fan stopped working after having it for only three months. It worked well for three months.
 Good noise, price is right. Didn't buy this for airflow, only noise.<br/><br/>Con: Not strong enough to use as propulsion while sitting in my rolley chair.
 Quite strong given its size. Provides a good amount of white noise. It's only missing a swivel/oscillate option as the fan can be too direct at times and thus not provide proper circulation.
 Powerful little fan! Wowzers. Can get a little loud.
 I used the fan on my desk at work. It does the job but is much louder than expected and has gradually gotten worse over time. I have not even had it for a year. I don't know if they all are like this or just the one I purchased.
 I bought this for my son's room.  It's perfect.  It moves a lot of air and is really quiet.
 This fan is small. Think "basketball" and that's about the circumference of this item. However it operates fairly quiet. Also it is powerful. More than it's size lets on. A great buy for a personal fan, or even just to get air circulating at a more rapid pace around a room.
 I've had this fan for two months, and loved it! Great cooling, lots of power, very portable.<br/><br/>Today when I turned it on, nothing. So I come on here to request a replacement, and am told it's not eligible for return.<br/><br/>This product is defective, it should be replaced! I would give zero stars if that were possible.
 Fan seems durable &amp; works good. However, it is louder than one would expect.
 Works quietly w/extra wind power. Fits nicely on desk. Have another that we take when we travel. Very good fan to have.
 Good little fan, nice size, I expected the strongest setting to be stronger. Nice that a small fan has 3 settings. However, I bought this for white noise based on another review. DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU EXPECT IT TO DROWN OUT NOISE. This thing Whispers! If you want a small, very very quiet fan, this is a great buy.
 Sometimes my bed gets really, really hot. But my fan is so powerful it cools my bed down. The air can shot a long, long way. It can shot from one wall to the other wall. It can bend all the way up or down. But it is a little fan, but a powerful fan.
 This thing moves air reasonably well for such a small little device. We used it to bring cool air into the house from an open window area and it seemed to work well for that. not too noisy either (maybe some small amount of background white noise.
 Strong little (compact) fan. Provides a nice, strong flow and can take a fall gracefully. Fan has fallen at least 5 times on tile flooring and no damage. Still looks and works perfectly. I highly recommend.
 it's blazing hot in San Jose and we do not have an A/C in our new apartment. So just for my personal need I bought this wonderful personal fan. It's quite good and there are no problems till now. Will recommend anyone who is thinking to buy a personal fan. This is great. Thanks guys..
 This little fan is fabulous ... stirs the air without making much noise ... is lightweight ... and easy to transport from room to room.  We just took this fan on vacation with us (mountain cabin without A/C) and it make the stay much more pleasant.  Certainly, the price is right also.
 Its a good fan but not quiet enough. For a truly silent fan I suppose I would really need to dish out the $ for a Dyson.
 This fan is not as loud as the old one, I like using it to sleep and the new one doesn't cut it.  But overall for the price it is a great fan.  Lots of wind, nice low hum, seems durable
 I only gave it to three because it is so cheaply priced. On the highest speed it does not put out that much air compared to similar sized fan I’ve had for years. In the last couple of weeks it’s starting to make a strange hum noise and blows even less than it did.  Return window closed so I guess I’m stuck with it.
 So far, it's been a great fan.  Doesn't blow as much air as other reviewers led me to believe, but it's still good enough.  Decent construction, and a very economical price.  In fact, I bought a second one.
 Shipping was good, but when I plugged the fan up, it ran for about 8 min and quit. Return postage is more than the fan is worth...don't buy...JUNK.
 Not very powerful at all.  on high speed, not much air movement.<br/>Do Not buy it for white noise (which is what I was attempting to use it for.<br/>Will keep searching.
 I bought the fan for indoor cycling. One fan was a little noisy from the beginning and stopped working after couple time was used.
 Delivered on November 10th and its already on its way out. Started making a horrible noise last night and can no longer keep it running. Not very happy with the short lifespan of this product.
 Absolutely great lil' unit.  Surprising output.  I've bought one at Target and then six more, here on Amazon, after I tried it.
 PUTS OUT VERY GOOD AIR FLOW. ONE OF THE BEST I HAVE EVER USED, BETTER THAN 12 INCH FAN
 This physically somewhat small fan has an astonishing amount of wind for the size! Perfect for small apartments, college dorms, or to use in the area of the house you spend a lot of time. It's three settings for wind strength are just right. I've had Honeywell fans before and they last for several years. The price is just right as well.
 Lightweight, portable not the quietest fan but does the job.
 Almost too quiet for people that like a loud fan to sleep with. We have been very happy with it. Compact. Powerful.
 I got two of these along with a Holmes 8" Little Blizzard fan and love all of them! Great little fans for cooling a small room!
 So I decided to purchase for my mother because she needed a little fan for work. Well I must say this is a lot bigger then I expected. Hell it's bigger then the one I purchased from rite aid. Anyways, it blows stronger then expected and she just loves it! I will be purchasing this soon before I return back to work...
 Love this little fan.  Not too loud and kept our camping nights cool in the tent.  The only negative was that it was a little bulky when hanging it from the middle of our tent.  Would totally recommend it though!
 This fan is not powerful at all. When on high it feels like it's on the lowest speed.
 I used this fan as a bedroom air circulator into October (2017).  It continued to perform as quietly as it did fresh out of the box.
 Great Fan, we have a few of them throughout the house and they last forever!! Nice quiet noise and very functional. I recommend them if you are looking for a small, quiet fan!
 It's VERY quiet because it hardly pushes any air at all. Noise I can deal with, constantly checking the speed setting on the fan thinking for the 5th time that I have it set on low when in fact I don't, no, no that I can't deal with. Already shopping for new house fans.
 Bought this for my daughter who likes to have a fan on her face at night.  This basically has 1 setting, which isn't that great.  I bought another fan for myself a year before and that fan's lowest setting matches this fan's highest setting and the cost was only a few dollars.  The other two settings are so weak that when they are on, the only way you know it is on is the sound, otherwise, there is absolutely no air circulating.<br/><br/>I have also had problems with this fan where it sometimes works and sometimes doesn't.  I thought maybe it problems with my outlet, however,  when I put my other fan into the same outlet, I have no issues.  I would return this product, but if you look at the 1 year warranty, they request you send them $10 for handling fees.  In other words, I have to repurchase the product, since that is what I paid for the product.  Pretty funny if you think about it.  Send them the exact amount of money you bought the product for so they can look at the broken product.  Perhaps it would be smarter and easier to just purchase a new one.  However, I wouldn't purchase this fan, but something else.
 This fan has been running almost constantly for the past 11 months. No rattling, no problems at all. An excellent product. The "white noise" helps me sleep at night.
 Efficent and compact. May look like a small fan but works like a big one. Never even have to use over setting 1.
 This fan stopped working last week. There is a 1 year warranty. I want to see if I can get this fixed or changed.
 I wanted to use a fan instead of keeping the AC on all day. I was contemplating between this fan and a $60 fan that has good reviews on Amazon. I'm glad I decided to stick with this one. It's small and most importantly affordable!
 Awesome little fan it packs a punch for its small size. Tilt head, 3 speeds, fairly quiet. I use this on my bed side table every night it's great. I Would recommend.
 Quiet fan that kicks out a good amount of air! Haven't used it extensively so hopefully that does not change.
 i always needed a fan because i am very cheap when it comes to turning on the air conditioner. When I saw this product for the low price, i decided to give it a go. The product came in the mail right on time. The fan runs really smooth a quite and it is a perfect fit for my desk.
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-RXVS6J0JU82NC"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91UXNIYlt7S.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81c2W55w9bS.png"/> For the duration it lasted I guess it was good but it Only lasted for 3 months.
 My only disappointment is that it doesn't tilt DOWN, only varying degrees of UP. I wanted one that I could put on the cabinet beside me so it would blow down on me... But the fan itself is great!
 Perfect
 I was surprised as to how powerful this little fan is, it really moves the air. I bought one and was so impressed I ended buying two more for around the house.
 I'm the kind of guy who likes the house to be a toasty 70f.  The folks in my office aren't so hot natured, and sometimes I can even break a small sweat at my desk on hot days. (And no I'm not a "plus sized citizen" either)  This little guy keeps me happy all day, with no issue.  It's also comfortably quiet for everyone.
 Ok
 Fan has power.
 You can adjust the fan (up or down) as well as levels 1-3. It is quite strong for the size of the fan and we highly enjoy it &amp; recommend it.
 Works great has low to high use at my work desk keeps me cool without blowing my hair everywhere.
 Ok
 Great fan for the price. Perfect table top size.  Sometimes it is to powerful even on lowest setting.
 Nice little fan
 Would give 4 stars. This is an amazing fan for under 10$ when it's on sale.. the only thing I dislike is how it can be pointed. If it used a screw and a screw cap system like a windmachine the angle can be exact compared to the 5 preselected angles. Each being at  18 degrees so the at 18 degrees difference it might be to much for where you want it aimed at 36 it might be to much.
 Nice, ruggedly built fan.  Feels like it is quality made and I love that it has three settings for speed.  Just what I needed to keep the air moving in my son's bedroom which is probably around 11 feet by 12 feet.
 This little thing moves more air than it should. I'm pretty sure there's some "magic" happening. I was talking to a friend about how well it worked and he basically said, "yeah, I've got one of those, too, it's amazing."
 This fan is not as loud as the same model I bought it to replace. I bought it for white noise for my daughters room. It is loud just not as lots as the older model.
 Really disappointed.  The 3 speeds are almost indistinguishable from one another and all barely move any air.  If it wasn't so cheap I'd have returned it.
 Great fan to have to travel with so that when you are not in control of the temperature in house, room, etc, can just set this up and be cool. Great Fan!!
 Mounted on the wall pretty easily, just had to back the screws out a bit more than I should have due to a slight bow in the plastic
 I have to sleep with a fan on, I bought this for some white noise while I sleep. It’s easily adjusted, does not oscillate.
 The product was much smaller than I imagined based off of the pictures and previous models. It is very quiet which is actually a negative for me as I often sleep with my fan on and enjoy the white noise. It is fairly powerful on the highest setting but the lowest setting seems to be a little too weak. After a few weeks of moderate to heavy use it does make a noise that it didn't upon first opening. The noise is hard to describe but almost a clicking/hissing noise but overtime I have stopped noticing it.
 I love this fan, however, the first one I bought from this seller didn't even last a year.
 This is a very good fan - practical size for tabletop use.
 A little smaller than I expected, but that's my fault for not paying attention to the size. But it works great and is very quiet.
 After buying this "air circulator" I came to find out its just a another fancy word for fan. It blows good air but doesn't really spread it around. It's more like a personal fan in my opinion
 I love my Honeywell fan. The one I had and used every night for 3-4 years finally burnt out. I was happy to find and get a well priced one from Amazon!
 kinda weak but pretty good for how quiet it is. I had another honeywell fan befor this one that kicked ass completely so my expectations were to get a fast powerful fan
 This fan does not spin. The previous Honeywell turbo force did and the only reason I had to purchase a new one was because my sister has it. I've never heard of a fan that didn't oscillate and I can't return it so am stuck with something I regret buying. So disappointed. I should have read reviews. I'm not spending another dime so am back to square one for the hot summer.
 I bought this fan for my computer room and I wasn't expecting much for $21, However the quality of the Honeywell HT-900 far exceeds the price, It works great in my computer room and is very quiet , even on high I can barley hear it running and it sits just about 2 1/2 ft from my computer desk
 I bought this to use in my upstairs office (it gets pretty warm in the upstairs of our cape cod). It has kept me cool without distracting me from my work due to any fan noise. The lowest setting is strong enough to keep me comfortable, but the higher settings seem just as quiet!
 Liked so well I bought 2 more. A lot of air moved by a little fan. Great for bathrooms, it'll sit inside windows.
 Pretty great fan for the price!<br/>I didn't expect much but I was pleasantly surprised at how well it blows.<br/>It's relatively quiet as well, i'd say a little quieter than the other fans I own.<br/><br/>Overall I'd say its worth the buy if you need a fan in your room when it's hot or to circulate heat in a room.
 Great smaller fan with incredible air movement and quiet.  I love mine
 The first purchased we had last year was more powerful and did not have any smell at all. While this second purchase has a strong plastic smell even after a week. We are considering to return it but we don't have the box anymore and not sure if it's worth the effort to return it for the price.
 Nice, going on over a year.
 I was not overly impressed with this fan. On high it does not blow very hard. There is no way to tighten the sides, so if the table gets bumped, the fan will rotate upwards, blowing at the ceiling.
 It is good for the purpose of air circulation in a small room. However you cannot use it for face to face for long time because of sound. But don't complain because that is the purpose of this turbo fan. In an AC room this serves as added device which can circulate air quicker and make the room cooler quickly. Don't sleep with the fan facing towards your face as you will get headache because of sound only and also you will feel dehydrated in the morning. I live in Dallas and in Summer I rely on this fan for quicker circulation of AC in the room.
 Motor rattling and inconsistent. Stopped working after barely using it a couple if weeks. Lubricated it to see if it would fix the problem but it seems like I got a faulty product.
 so fur so good
 Puts out a lot of wind for such a small fan. I place this fan by my desk and use it help circulate the air in the room. It will cool you down.
 I love this little fan so much. The one I had finally conked out after 4yrs. Then I lucked up on this little beauty. It's the perfect size for next to my bed. Quiet enough too!!!
 Doesn't have much power and is very noisy.  Produces a severe rattling noise even on low and you can't even feel it if you are more than 3 feet away.  Would not buy again!
 Great fan however switch isn't too reliable. You need to play with the toggle a bit to make it work at each of the three levels.
 I bought this to use for my cubicle... mostly for white noise but its not that great at producing it. As far as a fan goes, it blows! literately it blows a lot of air and does a great job. I just wanted a louder fan so that's why its not 5 stars for me.
 I really like these small fans.
 Nice
 I admit, it was a strong little fan while it lasted.  I received mine on May 26, 2018.  It stopped working July 19, less than two months later and sadly past the return date.  It won't turn on at all, leaving me sweltering with a newborn.
 I've used this fan all summer, EVERY SINGLE NIGHT, and am still enjoying it in October. It's powerful, circulates well and offers soothing white noise for resting children :D
 It really is no good unless you are within a foot or two of it. Oh, I suppose it is good for moving the air about since I have no fan in my bathroom. But really, it should have more ooomph. It has about the power of one those personal fans you wear around your neck.
 The fan would be well suited to cubicle use.  It's too small for a room.  While it can be adjusted to blow upward - - all the way to straight up, it won't angle downward at all.
 does the job great
 This is a great little fan!!
 So disappointed.  Just opened the box.  Used it my my kitchen counter as intended.  It worked for a 2 days,  and now it will not turn back on.  Brand new?!  Hate the process of having to return and wait.  May have to choose another brand.
 Loving this fan so far! No assembly required, unlike another smaller fan I purchased before. Seems sturdy and produces a good amount of airflow. The size is just right too - not too big or small.
 Good price and moves air around my whole bedroom. I sleep with a fan on so the noise is just enough. What a great fan.
 Just the right size to keep on my window sill, this fan  is super quiet and throws a fair amount of breeze.
 this fan is a beast. It seriously out performs all fans. I keep it bedside and it serves the purpose i need it to, to keep me cool while i sleep. It's the perfect size and it lasts forever. My friend has one of the these fans and he's had it for more than 7 years! just get this fan!
 It is a lil loud. But oh man it can push a lot of air for its size.
 Perfect for my bedside when I get warm at night. Great sound which helps me sleep too. Love that it has three speeds. Fantastic value!
 The fan is alright.<br/>Its advantages are<br/>- it is good enough to be placed in a small clearance/space.<br/>- it can tilt making it possible to place it in different places<br/>Issues/disadvantages<br/>- It does not generate enough air, as my cheaper 20$ lasko table fan bought at lowes.
 Quiet and moves a good amount of air for its size. May vibrate on a hard surface but putting a cloth down eliminates that problem. Even on cool night I turn this on for white noise.
 I mostly use it as a white noise machine because my house has thin walls..this is nice it's pretty loud
 This is a small sized fan but has great power! Perfect for a small room or office, etc...At the high setting you will hear it a bit, obviously, but compared to many other fans I've had it in the past this is the quietest. Also, the fact that you can tilt the head vertically to cycle the room air is awesome. I've been using this to air out a rooms and it work in a few minutes.
 Love this powerful little fan!
 Works good
 Quiet and works well.  I use it to cool off computer equipment and it does the job on the lowest setting.  Highly recommend.
 This fan is amazing. It is not loud like the box fans or some of the rotating fans. For a small, it kept me cool. I keep it by my bed.
 Strong little fan. Perfect for a small office space.
 An absolutely awesome little fan at at a price that just doesn't do it justice http://www.roomfans.net/honeywell-turboforce-ht900-fan/
 I love this fan! I use it for nightly white noise and it works well for that purpose. I've been buying this exact model for about a decade now. The other models seem to be too quiet to produce the white noise that I need.
 I wish number two speed was number three and number three was a littler faster than current setting.<br/>I had to use this fan, when the AC was not working for 2 weeks. It was a life saver!
 The air flows on my face like a breeze kissing the Rocky Mountains in the spring time. Dilly Dilly I say!
 Performed as designed.
 Perfect! Plugged this baby into a step-button extension cord and put it under my desk. My room is practically in the attic, so it gets a bit toasty. This thing works wonders blowing away the heat my PC puts off, doubling as some extra air circulation for my computer and a source of cooling for me!
 Great desktop fan with three fan speed settings. My only issue is that even the lowest setting is too strong. Seems to be well-made and a good value
 It's a fan.  It blows, and quietly.  What more can you ask?
 These fans circulate air which helps to not have to run air conditioning near as often
 It's a great little fan and has served me well in the hot summer nights.<br/>And it gets extra point for the swivel function which ,akes this just about perfect.<br/>It's not completely noiseless though the noise is has an airy white noise quality to it which you get used to pretty quickly and might even enjoy it!
 Arrived on time and in great condition. This is a great little fan. Lots of power but low on noise. Adjustable positions. Love it.
 Quiet
 Don't be fooled by the size. This is a powerful fan! I love it!!
 Died after a month of use
 I use a small fan to help cool my PC during marathon gaming sessions. I needed something small that could push a lot of airflow.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/>- Surprisingly quiet. I've had case fans that make more noise than this.<br/>- Quite a bit of airflow, even on the lowest setting.<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>- None significant.
 I was pleased with the performance of this fan due to its small size.
 Perfect for my office at work... I keep it on all day on low and it moves the air around just enough that it keeps me nice and comfortable... Great product would buy again, just wish it was a little bit quieter.
 great fan! my room does not have air conditioning, and it is hard for the air conditionor in my living room to cool down my room. ceiling fan is a little weak, and with this product, i am able to circulate the air and cool my room
 This is how it arrived, no shipping box, no tape. I'm scared to plug it in.
 I was expecting this fan to be more powerful than what it was labeled as. I'm glad I didn't buy the 908 since I read that they're practically the same thing. For the price it's not a bad fan, but I was expecting a little more.
 This fan is quiet and powerful. My husband and I used it in our room all summer and only ever needed it on the low speed.
 Fantastic.  Blows a lot of air and on the lowest setting blows very quietly.  This is one heck of a bargain and I'm going to order another.  Really, for $12 you're getting one heck of a deal.
 I bought a 14.95 Walmart brand fan and saw this fan for sale at 9.85 shipped. I returned that and ordered this. However, this underperforms compared to the Walmart one and they are same size. The Walmart one brought turbo air, not this. I'm just going to keep this because it was only less than 10$.
 Quiet, light, and puts out a decent amount of air flow. I have one in my garage and at the office.
 Best deal on anything I have ever bought my entire life. I don't understand how it is so quiet yet so powerful, it's just amazing and it was only $8. So happy with this purchase. Thank you Honeywell
 I was surprised at how quiet this fan really is. Good airflow and perfect quietness for my work office.
 This thing is the perfect fan for people who travel and sleep with a fan. It's slightly bulky for packing, but it makes up for it with its air movement and wonderfully relaxing sound.
 Alot of air for small fan
 Literally broke ONE day after I received it. I turned it on for the first time and it last only 30 minutes. NOT WORTH IT.
 This little fan is quiet on all settings.  Low blows plenty of air. The higher speeds made me feel too cold.  The fan seems well built.  The small size makes it easy to move and it's not an eyesore.
 Works great
 Great little fan. I bought it for my daughter about 3 years ago and it still works perfectly!
 I use this at the office.  Fits on the desk well, keeps the air moving when I need it.  Great deal.
 For the price it's ok. Motor seems a little weak.
 Super quiet yet powerful. Not quite to the level of a box fan but does fantastic as a personal fan for the bedroom.
 Perfect little fan! Just needed something that could fit on my nightstand to keep me cool at night. I replaced my old fan with this one, which I loved. (had it for 5 years) I was worried I wouldn't find another like it but this fan delivers! Its a fairly quiet fan, but its enough to help you fall asleep. Very easy to operate, Has many different angles you can adjust to and three different speed settings. All around great fan! No complaints.
 Says it's quite, that was not my experience. Gave it three stars because as a fan it works.Not for the bedside.
 I LOVE his little but mighty (and mighty quiet) fan. I sleep with it on my nightstand and can barely hear the hum. Even Low speed delivers a lot of air.
 Works great but has to be cleaned often or will break down. My last one from Target.com barely lasted a year. It froze after 5 months and I cleaned it , it then worked another 6 months and I bought this new one from Amazon. I clean it every 2 months.  The older models lasted longer.
 Does the fan work? Sure. Does it work well enough to be called a "TurboForce" fan? No. Not even close. This is just your regular old basic small fan. If I had bought this from the store I would have returned. I didn't want to deal with the hassle of packaging it back up, so just kept it.
 This fan could move more air but it does well enough. We use this to help move air from our living room to throughout the house.
 I purchased this fan for my desk at work. I keep it under my desk to create more circulation around my cube. While it is difficult to feel unless you are within a 5 ft radius it works great for my needs.
 My son runs his fan constantly.  It's only off when he's not home.  These fans can hold up to it.  At the most I've bought 2 a year, and I think that's because there was hair in the first one.
 Great fan for the price
 Bought this for a travel fan...considering I'm addicting to fan sounds and white noise doesn't cut it. Works great for travel. Sounds good for how small it is.
 1 STAR WAS HATE IT. I dont hate it, BUT not a very good OR powerful FAN.<br/>Would not recommend . BUT for less than $13.00 what can you expect.
 i use this fan every day with know problem. The highest setting doesn't feel like gale force winds, and it does blow very cool air.im a college student and i searched for a good fan, if you're<br/> a college student looking for a good well priced fan, this is your choice here.
 This little fan is solid! I love its perfect size and its stability. Doesn't shake when on the highest level (3). Powerful little thing. Recommend!
 Perfect for my office which has no circulation. I get overheated easily and this thing is awesome!
 Moves a lot air for the size of the fan, a little on the noisy side at the higher speeds.
 I was a bit shocked at the actual size of the fan vs the amount of airflow.<br/>  Overall  very quiet to run  little to no motor noise  and keeps air circulating in the room well enough to keep it cool<br/> the fan articulates vertically but for horizontal adjustment  you have to turn the base.  All in all I would buy from again.
 Works great. Quiet enough to slerp with but just enough noise to create the kind of white noise that helps me sleep.
 Works great! I purchased this fan to take on a cruise with me. It worked great! I now use it in our RV. It has 3 speeds an pushes a lot of air!
 Great little fan. I only wanted it for background noise when sleeping, but it is great at circulating the air for such a little guy.  It was actually a little too quiet at first for background noise, but I got use to it. I haven't had any issue with it not staying at the angle it was placed as some other reviewers stated.
 Really great fan for the price. I have two that I use to circulate air during the summer. It really helps the AC work better. The fan is pretty quiet as well.
 Its a FAN, it blows air, and it blows hard. What else do you need to know?
 I love this fan. I have multiples in my house because they work so well! and small enough to travel with if you need a fan where you are going.
 we have been running this fan 10 hours each night for the past 4 months and it has been great! we use it as background white noise and it absolutely does the trick.
 bought 2 - straight crap. not powerful, but that was understood when i purchased them...the issue is that both died about 3 months after i bought them. that they are impossible to clean adds to their crap status.
 I had a fan like this for many years that has worn out, so I bought this fan as a replacement.<br/><br/>My old, squeaky, exhausted fan moves more air on low than this one does on high.  The product has been significantly cheapened.
 Does it’s job.  Idk if it’s the design or the environment it’s in but it does pick up dust really quick, wish their was an easier way to take it apart for cleaning
 I use this on my desk at work and it is quiet, yet powerful.  I never need to put it above the lowest setting.  It is a powerful little fan at a great price!
 Just what I expected!
 I replaced our defunct box fan with this tiny wizard and could not be happier.  It was a great decision.
 Love this little guy. It's very quiet, portable, and simple.
 Quiet in the office. pretty sturdy fan.
 Worth the w
 For the price how could you go wrong! The speed seems a little slow, but for the $$ I will live happily ever after!
 A lot of power for a little fan.  I have it on the floor under my desk at work and Love it!
 I so wanted this to replace a defunct Vornado fan but it doesn't really compare. The air movement distance is greater than with regular fans but only about half as powerful as a Vornado. Pros are it's lightweight so it's easy to move around and relatively quiet
 Nice for a small room.  Quiet and doesn't take up too much space.
 This is a replacement for the same item - we wore it out! It is used to keep my greyhound cool, and he loves it.
 I love this fan! It works great, I am hot natured. This fan sits on my desk and stays on all day.
 We bought the two box combo for our cabin at a great price and fast shipping. They are quiet yet very powerful and provide a lot of air circulation. We like the small size and portability along with the multitude of settings and positions that you can adjust the fan to ensure the right air movement.
 I have 2 of these fans. One I use as a desk fan and one is a supplement to my ceiling fan during hot summer nights. On high this thing moves a ton of air and does so quietly. I've had my first one for about 2 years now and have had no issues whatsoever with it. No wear even when having it run 24/7 for days at a time. Great buy.
 When I received this fan it was much smaller then expected so I wasn't really sure about it. Well this little fan is by far the best I've ever had. it will cool me down in just a few seconds. already bought 2 of these for different rooms
 This fan will really blow the air, and it is easy to position to blow where you need the air to go. It is lightweight; so it is easy for even an older person to carry around and place where needed. It does not take up much room, either.
 Got a pair of these to move the air around a bit in the upstairs bedrooms- they're whisper quiet on the lowest setting- perfect for what we needed. Small too, so easy to fit in a corner or on a shelf.
 I bought a white one like 5 or 6 years ago and it still runs, we just needed a new one for our room cause my daughter took ours for the white noise and it keeps her room a nice temp. The one I bought from Amazon works fine (not sure how long it will last). But we got one from Wal-Mart it is putting a burning rubber smell off.<br/>So I will keep everyone updated!
 As quiet as the first I have, very nice product without high price, great job!
 Works great for the price!
 This is a 7 inch fan. Says it right on the box. For a 7 inch it moves about as much as the 12 inch it replaced... wish i knew what the 11 inch could do. Paid for an 11 inch fan and got a 7 inch.
 I've owned a few of these. Two failed with no warning at about the 18 month mark with locked-up motors. I also have a competing 'V' brand model and it still acts brand new after nearly 4 years.
 They aren't super quiet, but I bought 2 and I would buy 2 more in a heartbeat.  Great to keep one person cooler without affecting others.  Plenty of power in a very small package.  Long cord, and generally feels very well built.  No issues so far and I've been using one at home and One at the office almost daily for quite a few months.
 Very powerful fan in a small package. I'm impressed! Great value and would totally recommend.
 It works good for the price.
 this fan really blows the air around.  it is a powerful little thing!!  this is my second honeywell turbo.  and you can't beat the price.  made well.  works great.  inexpensive!!  it's all cool here!!  :)
 Very powerful for such a small fan; it being so quiet is a very nice bonus. I will be purchasing another!
 This is an exceptional fan. I have had large box fans that performed worse than this fan. It is small yet it blows a lot of air and keeps everything nice and cool.
 Purchase a year ago, still works like a champ and its surprisingly quiet. Only flaw is that the fan doesn't have an adjustment to aim down from the standing position, it can only rotate up or face frontward, so if you were planning to have it aiming down from like a self ur gona have to lay it on its side.
 I survived an entire New York summer with just this little fan. If it's 95 degress or less, this little fan will do the trick. This was a great purchase.
 Works well for low cost basic fan on an office desk. Three speed settings help when temps vary in the office. This wont cool a large room but if looking for something to push air around while working at a desk its perfect.
 This is my second fan. Unfortunately the first one was broken and was making an unbelievable amount of noise
 Great little fan. Although I wish it was more powerful, and had better access to the controls. You also have to use both hands to turn it on, else you will be turning the fan itself.
 Honeywell seems to have reduced the noise signature simply by reducing the power, but it is still a good model.
 Awesome little fan. My last one lasted 5 years of constant daily use. This version is a little bit quieter.
 Good little fan.  I use this in my office as it tends to be a bit warm.  My office doesn't have an ac vent.  I sit it on the floor next to me and can adjust it to where i want it.  Works perfect for my needs.
 This fan is super quiet -- which is the exact opposite of what I was looking for.<br/>we are "those" people that like a fan noise to go to sleep-- so if you are that person-- you may not want this one.<br/>But if you want a really quiet fan this may be perfect for you.
 This fan works wonderfully in small-medium sized room!. It's little but it really forces out and circulates​ a lot of air for such a small fan. I loved it so much I bought another one for my Boyfriends house.
 Powerful fan. If you are looking for a gentle flow of air at the lowest setting, this fan is not for you. But it will serve you well if you are looking for power in a small package.
 I loooooove this fan. It’s great for fan sleepers.
 Powerful little fan! I use this pointed out my bathroom window as we don't have an exhaust fan built in.
 Nice
 I’ve always loved this fan! Finally had to replace our old, yellow - used to be white, 10+ year old one!
 It is small enough and fits on top of a table, yet moves enough air to feel a difference.  Isn't too noisy, but isn't exactly quiet either.  Basically a "white" noise that I can live with.
 Boasts more air flow than it actually provides. I actually replaced a similar sized fan that I gave away and, by comparison, I'm pretty disappointed. It works...but not as great as it is advertise.
 return customer.  great product.  quiet.  I recommend it.<br/><br/>EDIT:  I am editing this review bc the fan broke.  got clogged.  and was unable to take it apart to clean it.  it simply won't work correctly.  therefore, it's not worth buying! I am downgrading the original 5 stars to 1 star!
 For a small fan this one really puts out a lot of cool air, and at a great price!
 Very Happy with this product, bought it to dry my hockey gear. Works great and not too loud. Very light and easy to carry..
 This is our second one of these. First one got broken accidently after many years of use. They work great. Small size, but a lot of air flow.
 The air flow can be turned to the ceiling but not down. Didn't like that. It works well for a small space.
 It's a fan.  It blows air.  We have a previous model of this same fan it it blows some air.  This new one is quieter but lacks the air flow we were expecting from it.
 I bought a fan to use at my work and this is fantastic. It is a bit on the bigger side for work desk but the power is enough for me to compromise the space. I always have it on the lowest setting (with the work air conditioner and all) and it helps me cool down faster if I had to walk around the office. I would say it's a little bit on the louder side.. hence the dock of a star. Would recommend it to anyone looking for a good fan!
 This is the husband of the account holder.<br/>We've purchased several of these over the years and they hold up really well, and blast away.<br/>And that's what you want in a fan, right?
 ordered 11" fans.  they sent 7" fans.  they were inexpensive enough the guys kept them.  they work ok.
 Great CFM fan for the money, IMO.  Just wish it had oscillate too :)<br/><br/>UPDATE: 1/23/2016<br/>Fan is dead.  Didn't last quite a year.  Suppose in this case I got what I paid for, which was a cheap fan.  Lowered rating to 2 stars.
 Good white-noise machine.  They stay on at least 8 hours a day, 350 + days a year.  We get about 5 years out of them before the motor starts to get weak.
 Not much power. Was expecting more.
 It's quiet enough without loosing the force. Great for a small place.
 Ordered for my office. It works great.  I have had it on lowest setting and it is cooling me fine.  May not be suitable for large space or for far away but for my purpose of cooling me in my office when AC is not working it does a great job.
 It generates a good amount of air and is very very quiet compared to other fans. May not be loud enough for someone who’s using it for white noise.
 Quiet if that's what you're into - but i wanted a bit more white noise. It's not very powerful either.
 We use for the noise at night. Works great
 I purchased two of these, one is still working but the first died after 12 days of use.  I expected a bit more air flow for the noise ratio.  I like the look of them but wouldn't buy another one.
 I got this for my craft area my hubby built in our garage.  Since there are no windows it was warm in my corner, this fan gives me all the air I need.  I love the 3 speeds and the way I can tilt it up or down.  It is well worth the price.  Easy to clean also
 I bought this like a year ago. Almost immediately started kissing power and now it completely dead. Not a good buy
 Somewhat disappointed. Not as strong as I thought. Using this as a nightstand fan and I have to keep it on high to feel any cooling
 This fan blows a substantial amount of air for it's size.<br/><br/>It's quite loud overall, especially at the highest speed.  And nothing pretty to look at.  But it's exactly as described and an overall solid product for the price.
 I used this in my dorm room which gets incredibly hot because they blast the heater and this really helped circulate the air and keep the room cooler. I don't know about it replacing an Air Conditioner but it definitely does a good job of making the room feel slightly cooler.
 Quiet small looks and works great and moves a lot more air than you expect. No quality issues here this is a sleek and solid product that should outperform and outlast the others in this class and price.
 Love this fan. Bought it rather then the big one because of the price. Glad I did. Helps me sleep like a baby.
 Nice little fan seems to be a little louder then i expected at the lowest setting but not awful
 Quiet, powerful and adjustable tilt. For under $10.00. How can this be anything less than a five star review? I bought two. :)
 Great looking fan but a little bigger than expected.
 Nice fan for personal space use. Small areas.
 Best little fan with good air flow.
 Purchased these for Honduras trip where we live in a HOT village for a week.  Great size.  Great price.
 When it works, it works great.  But it's been dying the last 2-3 months.  Really slow start.  Hot motor smell.  Sometimes have to stick something in and spin the blades to "jump start" the fan.<br/><br/>Finally died today.  Bought in Dec '15.  Fan does have a 1 yr warranty.  You just need to pay $10 for S&amp;H.<br/><br/>Or you could buy a new one for $14 and be done with it.
 My bed time fan
 I purchased these for family when their area experienced power disruptions and their central air wasn't working. They said these fans really made a difference.
 The Best little fan I have ever used.  I can always count on it.
 Small. Lightweight. Gets the job done! I sleep with this facing my bed. The sound doesn't keep me awake and I stay nice and cool all night long!
 I got this as a replacement for another Honeywell Turbo that I bought almost 10 years ago. That would have lasted longer if I could get it open to clean and dust it ....
 Great fan already bought a second can’t comment on energy efficiency I don’t have a gauge probably you don’t either 6 k cups tall 5 wide not tiny not bulky
 Good things come in small packages. This fan is one of them.
 I got a two of these.  The motor on one quit within the first 6 months and the switch on the other went bad in less than a year. The "turboforce" is also misleading, these are small fans that don't move a lot of air.  Honeywell should be embarrassed to have their logo on these.
 The name suggests a turbo force, and it definitively does NOT live up of that name.  it's just a plain old fan.  The smaller size and lightweight plastic made it easy to bring along for camping.
 really liked it worked really well and never heard a noise from it to bad it didnt even last a year
 I read the reviews and people were saying that it worked great moved alot of air etc. I found that the fan was quiet but moved almost no air what so ever - I purchased three and sent all three back - just junk
 if you want a fan that blows softly on your face on your desk, this is the one.  If you want a fan that actually forces air to cool you down, then get a Vornado.
 The middle speed never worked on this fan. After 8 months of use, overwhelmingly on low speed, this fan has ceased to work. This is an abysmally short service life, even for a cheap fan. Just wonder if if was a factory second ...
 compared to previous fans i have used, it kind of week.
 Noisy and no air push
 Great fan especially for a bedroom.  Just enough sound to be soothing, but not disturbing.  AND it moves a lot of air for its small size.
 Love this nice and quiet fan.  Perfect for my office.
 Didn’t blow very hard and they were going to charge to return it. Cheap fan.
 This thing is tiny but effective. It's much smaller than you think it is so if size is important, than you want to look at the measurements closely. Powerful but smaller fan. I probably would have paid a bit more for a larger size but this is effective.
 Watching energy consumption.  My new purchase uses 22.2 Watts on high,  20 on medium, and 19 on low.  Electrically, I will use on high.<br/><br/>Major complaint is that it HUMS loudly at ALL speeds;  this is NOT QUIET whatsoever.  It does move air....
 Fan works just fine. You can tell it's been used and it's probably been left on for long periods of time because the engine is noticeably weaker than the ones my coworkers around me have. That said, the seller was honest enough about the product, but honestly if you're looking for something to create a little white noise, it might be worth spending the extra $5 to get the new one :-)
 Great fan for the price it is relatively quiet on low and med setting it is tolerable on the high setting and we sit right next to it also does a great job moving air through the room and the tilt is very nice it clicks into each position with very little effort.  I would buy another one if needed!
 Bought one and within 2 days the motor died. Returned and replaced for another fan, same issue motor died in 2 days. I used Honeywell for a while and had been great but this fan has been a big disappointment would give 0 stars if possible
 These little affordable fans are awesome! I bought four and I'm currently chillin. Pun intended.
 GREAT FAN! POWERFUL FOR IT'S SIZE. Quiet! The only drawback is that there are 5 screws to remove just to clean this beast!!! And that was a tad time consuming.... But other than that??? I run this thing 24-7 And it's a CHAMP!! So good I bought a 2nd. Will be getting a few more.
 I use this at work, great for under the desk or on top. Not extremely quiet, but I enjoy the white noise.
 I love these little guys, I've been using them for approx. 10 years, good quality for the best price and they last a lot longer than any other brand.
 Moves a lot of air. I use it to pull warm air out of a room in which a wood burning stove is located into the rest of the house. Works well.
 Love these. I bought one for each bedroom to help circulate the air on hot Texas nights.
 Good fan but it was missing two of the four small rubber feet.  I had better quality replacement feet so I won't return it.  It was like I received a second.  And by the way - Prime shipping was a day late - that now seems to be their standard delivery mode - a day late, "we're sorry", and no way to provide feedback about their botched delivery.
 I bought this fan in 2012.  It sits under my desk at work and blows all day and all night every day.  I only turn it off on the weekends.  In my mind, it's been running non-stop for 3 years.  How's that for quality?
 They work great! Good price
 I BOUGHT SAME FAN AT TARGET ON MY LUNCH HOUR.  IT WAS SPUR OF THE MOMENT BECAUSE MY DESK FAN DIED SO I NEEDED ONE QUICKLY.  THE 3 SPEEDS ARE GREAT.  I PURCHASED THIS ONE FOR MY SON BECAUSE HE WORKS FOR MLB AND THE ROOM HE IS IN HAS NO AIR CONDITIONING.  HE RELIES ON ANY BREEZE THAT COMES THROUGH THE STADIUM.
 Works great
 much smaller than i thought
 this little fan works great. For how long I don't know.
 good ratio of noise to air movement. these are probably the best small fans for the price. could stand to be more adjustable.
 Wow! This little fan definitely packs a punch! I use it with the AC on or just thr fan and it delivers. People who say this fan is too loud is because they are using it too close or they have a deffective product or they are just picky. It's normal for a fan and it's amazing for $15 bucks!
 This fan is the perfect size amd effective
 Quiet, powerful, and small.  With a great price you can't ask for more.  Used it all summer every night in addition to our A/C to keep the house cool.  Would buy more if needed.
 Just what I wanted! Love it!
 Had one in my sons room, and I decided to get another for my room, to drown out the neighbors dog. I guess it's been "improved" to be quieter (what I didn't need). Also, it doesn't seem as powerful. Not really "TurboForce", more of a slight breeze...
 Bought two and one doesn't blow. Loud enough. My husband and I sleep with both one on each side. It worked for like two days then it doesn't so I got a different fan.
 I had to replace this exact brand and model. This is very helpful for my sleep.
 Price is good air flow is awful. Have it high every night just feel some air blowing on me. Will be needed to purchase another brand in order to get the results I’m looking for. Disappointed. Had the older model for the past 6+ years thought I would order new one for bedroom, high on the new is comparable to the low setting on older model.
 Quiet!!!  I put this in my office cube and my coworkers didn't notice for a week or two.
 Was pretty great for the 48 hours it worked. Received Wednesday, and by Friday it wouldnt blow any air at all and just made a humming sound. So disappointed. When it did work, it was quiet and fit the bill.
 I use these in my classroom to keep it cooler, as I do not have air conditioning. I have one perched by each window and they seem to do the trick! I adjusted two of these plus an old stand fan in order to circulate the air and they are awesome!
 Good fan for the price.  Moves a good amount of air for it's size and doesn't take up a lot of space so it's great for a small room. This is the third one we have purchased because we like it so much!
 It sucks. Makes a very lot of chatter so don't buy it. I wish I could have given it no stars or half. LOUSY!
 This face is awesome and super affordable. I have it on my nightstand for extra air flow and  white noise at night. My husband has one at work in his office. Would definitely purchase again.
 This fan is very quiet and provides an excellent stream of air flow.<br/>Great for a desk or bedroom.<br/>It is also built well and has 3 different speeds.
 We used this fan infrequently and now, almost one year after purchasing it, it won't turn on.  At least it's still under the 1 year limited warranty.  Oh, wait.  I have to pay to ship it to the return facility AND enclose $10US to cover return shipping.  I could buy a new one for less than that; BUT I WON'T.  I thought the name Honeywell meant quality.
 This is so powerful for the size and I love it.
 Wish it had more downward angles to point.
 A great little fan. I now own two. Quiet.
 This product is a piece of junk!! Bought it early to put away for Christmas gift for my elderly father. He was so excited and tried it right away....all he could hear was static. Tried everything and it was useless.
 My office over-heats all the time, this is the perfect desk size fan at a great price.
 Turbo fan, and I LOVE IT. Very powerful, very pleased.
 Simple yet very effective
 very bad returned immediately - makes noise and no good circulations
 Nice fan that fits well on my desk.  Blows air and keeps me cool.  does its job well.
 Bigger than I anticipated for a desk top...but what a great fan!!! It is poweful and quiet. I am so happy I made this purchase.
 I'm a fan of this fan :D<br/>I dropped it from waist high (I am a tall person). It bounced twice but it was completely fine. Once you touch it and handle it, you'll understand how durable the fan is. I have the wind power on the lowest because it is more than enough. I usually don't rate products but because the fan was so good for it's price, I felt obliged to do so.
 Good overall quality.  On switch kind of small and tight to turn..
 Excellent price for a small room fan just needed to sit on computer desk. Moves plenty of air, not loud.
 Very pleased with the fan.  It moves a lot of air for the size.  I would buy again.
 Great product.<br/><br/>I specifically purchased this fan because my girlfriend uses the same exact model in her bedroom. I needed a new fan and already knew what I was getting with this model. It's just the right amount of white noise to help me fall asleep.  For such a small fan, it really does a great job circulating the air. My bedroom is medium sized, it's rectangular but I would say it's easily 225 sq. ft. (equivalent to 15'x15').
 its a basic fan, not too loud, but really moves air.
 best fan ever!<br/>unfortunately I had to buy another one after 2 years but that's fine with me .. being it's so cheap.
 Just go this and I am using this in my bedroom. Not too loud when napping or sleeping. Delivers a good draft of air. It it tilted downward or moved side to side I would give it 5 stars.
 The first fan I bought had a faulty middle speed.  I contacted Amazon and they shipped me a new one that works like a charm.  Quiet and circulates the air as it should.
 Delivered in a reasonable amount of time and product as advertised.
 I wanted it to be loud. It's quiet. And it's kind of weak. There's no turbo here.
 My college daughter uses this in her dorm and loves it.
 I'm in love..have it on my bed side in use at all times..just right for your bed side....
 Use all the time and works well
 Great quality works perfect
 I used this to circulate air in my room, had it running at the lowest setting 24 hours a day. It lasted for about 18 months before it pooped out. Next time will try a different fan, hopefully it will last longer.
 Small but works fine for a small room or office.
 We have this fan in white for our sons room, so we purchased two more for our travel trailer. For some reason these are much quieter (we were looking for some noise) and I would hardly call the amount of air it produces turbo.
 I have had these fans before  and they moved more air. This one is a bit sluggish in my opinion.
 effective and affordable<br/>the cord is a little short for my uses, I would have rather it be long. This is not in comparison to other models but rather for my uses
 Quiet and powerful. Haven't had it higher than low
 I bought two fans, one worked fine the other burned out in less than a day. The swivel base didn't work properly on either fan, and the advertised quietness of the fan isn't as good as promised. Although the fan puts out good air flow, the shotty construction makes it a pass. Especially considering that it is $5 more and similar products.
 We're so happy with this purchase I was a little worried buying it online without seeing it, but it's perfect!
 Its a small fan but man can it push a nice breeze. I got it for work since the grill pit can get rather hot and it's an 11'' blessing. Don't be fooled though, the actual fan part is 7'' and it can't be tilted downward.
 If you're looking for a powerful small fan, I'd suggest this or the little blizzard if you want something that oscillates.
 So much quieter than the same model I bought years ago, keeps the office cool without being noisy!
 Ordered one for my camper. Worked so good I ordered two more, one for the living room and one for the bedroom. Moves air around and is very quiet.
 Very nice
 I ordered two of these.  I have had then for a long time now and we use them every day.  They have withstood daily use and haven't given us any issues.  They came packaged well.
 Worked as intended!
 Nice, small Honeywell Turboforce fan,  I am very pleased with my purchased of this model.  It was a good price and works well. Also, it's lightweight, has 3 speeds and easily adjusts to the position you'd like it.,
 But in a good way.<br/>Seriously. Lots of air. Keeps me cool. I own like 5 of them (I live in Florida, don't judge me)
 Great little fan, easily portable. I keep it in my office at work, but can easily put it in a tote bag and take home. The black looks nice. Quiet but creates the right amount of white noise that I like to have while working.
 I'm really loving this fan.  It's got pretty good air flow through it, and it's not as loud as some of the other fans I've had.<br/><br/>I can understand some of the complaints about the base not being able to hold the fan at a desired angle. The problem with that is the fan's motor is completely behind the base, so there is a good amount of pressure trying to tilt the fan upward. So far that was a minor pain getting it positioned the first time. Since then I haven't needed to change the angle so it hasn't been a problem.<br/><br/>Overall, I'd recommend this to a friend. In fact, after I got this two of my co-workers decided to buy the same model and they are both happy as well.
 I bought this to replace a smaller Lasko on my nightstand that was becoming too noisy on the high setting (too much rattle). I went with a slightly larger size hoping for more air movement.<br/><br/>I compared the two by having one on each side of the bed. The Honeywell, on its lowest setting, drowned out the cranky old Lasko on high in noise production. I had to turn the volume on TV up from previous 30 to 40 (out of 80) to overcome it.<br/><br/>Both fans on low, the smaller blades of the Lasko put out more air. At medium the Honeywell put out as much as as the Lasko on high (Lasko only having two settings). On high the Honeywell puts out a significant amount of air, but also sounds like someone is mowing the lawn outside your window. It's really loud.<br/><br/>Fan does not tilt down. I wish it could tilt down even just one notch. It does tilt up to 90 degrees. The tilt feels solid. It has tight notches at each angle. Feels like it will hold for a really long time. Something every Lasko I've owned has failed at sooner rather than later.<br/><br/>I'll keep the fan and find a use for it because it is very reasonably priced. It just can't be used as a bedroom fan. I'll probably just replace the Lasko with the same model of Lasko. Just wished they lasted longer before showing signs of age in noise and holding position.
 I use it as a white noise to subdue others when I sleep every night. The first one came for more than 2 years. I was so happy with it, I bought it again.
 This thing is perfect. Runs fast. I’ve had it in my office now for 2 years. Runs like a champ.
 very powerful and surprisingly quiet! love it
 I've bought about 5 of these over time for use around the house.  The price is right to me.  During parts of the year, I run them 24/7 on low for several months in a row.  They seem to be holding up well and are quiet.  I expect I'll continue buying them when I need to replace one.
 Only downfall is that you can not open the fan to clean the blades or guard. Pushes a decent amount of air for its size. Does what I want it to do.
 The fan arrived very quickly and was well packaged.  It is exactly the size it needs to be to fit in the space on my daughter's night stand.  It keeps her cool and happy and able to sleep well at night.  Thank you for your excellent service.
 Quiet, moves a lot of air. I forget it's on sometimes.
 Great little fans!
 Quiet, efficient, and inexpensive.  You can't go wrong with this fan.  The lowest setting adequately provides a nice breeze.  My coworker was jealous and ended up buying one, too.
 Works well. Small size so does not take up a lot of space. I'd rate the noise quality as a medium level. Keep in mind it does not rotate side to side, only up and down but puts off a fairly good amount of air circulation. 3 speeds.
 Product was exactly as described.  There is a lot of power for such a small  unit. A neighbor saw it and was so impressed she purchased one.
 It works. Have some noise, but from 10 feet away you hardly notice any...
 It didn't work very long.
 As expected.  Perfect size fan for underneath a desk or a counter top.
 Summers approaching and this fan will help to keep me cool.  I began using it during the muggy days and nights and for its size, it has truly done exactly what I expected it to do...cool me off.
 Great fan at a great price. Smelled a little when first unboxed, but the smell dissipated after a few days.
 This moves a lot of air, I was surprised
 Seems to be of good quality, but it's very low output and seems to be very slow. The highest setting is like low on other fans I have of this size. Not satisfied.
 REALLY moves air!  Quiet and large volume of air moved.  I rarely use High speed!
 I leave left this fan on constantly for about a month and it has never overheated or slowed down. I leave it on Medium because that is fast enough to keep my room cool. Love this fan! My dad got the same one at Target and paid about $20 and I got it cheaper on here.
 Lasted less than 3 years. Used probably 6 months out of each year.
 Puts out a lot of force for a small fan.
 I absolutely love this fan. I purchased one a few years ago and the motor recently went out and that's when I saw this one. I sleep with it on every night, it is the perfect amount of white noise to drown out background noises. I would definitely recommend this fan for a small space, for the price it is perfect for my needs.
 I needed a small fan for my office because the HVAC system hates me.<br/><br/>This did the job nicely. A+++ Not too loud, not too quiet (so you know its on).<br/><br/>The power in this little fan is impressive!
 I bought this primarily for white noise in my room, and when I got it i realized it said "25% quieter" so fail on my part. But i turned it up to the highest setting and it's perfect and soothing. Not too loud, but enough.
 My boy likes it. Very user friendly.
 Powerful little fan that could! This fan is a must have! Buy one for your room and place it near your a/c vent and feel the instant change in temprature! Very impressed, solid product, grea. value! Oh and did i mention the the petite size and minimalist noise? 10/10
 This saves my life every night!! It super small and its easy to put away when not in use and it's extremely powerful. It's definetely worth the price.
 Puts out incredible volume of air! Very well-finished.  A bargain!
 Great fan for this size, more quiet than the same model was before. Good price too.
 Ok for limited use but if used daily, will not last more than a year.  The motor bearing sleeves are not the best quality and will wear out quickly.
 I love how quiet and fast this blows. I bought it for my 2 year olds room to circulate the air and to add a little white noise. It does both perfectly! I love how small it is as well!
 This little fan is so powerful! It saved us this past summer. I love it!
 Package arrived taped together, had obviously been opened and taped shut prior to ups label being attached.  Looks terrible, suspect it is a used product, not new.
 These fans are amazing for the price.
 Too quiet for a fan for white noise at night which is what I got it for. Works great though for regular fan purpose lol
 This fan was so bad, not sure if I got a defective one or what but I do not recommend.  You have to have the fan THIS.CLOSE to you just to feel it--this is while on the highest setting.  It runs quiet, so that I can agree with.
 If you're in the market for a small, portable, lightweight fan, this is the product for you.
 Me gusta
 This is perfect for circulating air in a small to medium sized room. Despite its compact size, it moves a sizable volume, particularly at a the higher settings. This also makes it a good candidate for sitting on a windowsill as an exhaust or intake fan. Compared to the previous model, this version is improved by slightly quieter operation, though it can still provide white noise for those using it to mask environmental noises. It also has easier access to the guts of the fan for cleaning, which should keep this going for a long time.
 At only 8 inches across, it moves more air on low than my roommates 18 inch box fan moves on high. Plus, it's much quieter. Awesome!
 Good price point but I wish it were louder
 Great fan for keeping you cool under your office desk during the summer when the air conditioning is not on as high as it should be or when you're feeling the pressure during the client meeting
 Just right size for us - not too big
 This little fan is quite even on high setting and it has three fan speed settings.  It is about the size of a basket ball and very well made for a low cost fan. It has a very pleasant sound if you are going to use if for night time during sleep.
 Good, fan. circulates air well. Kept me cool throughout summer.
 We have 3 of these.  One for each of our children and they run all night long everyday about 10 hours a day and work great!  The one we have had for like 5 yrs at least. I think and the only thing that went wrong with that is the tilting mech wore out but still works great!
 turn it on, and the magic tornado gods force wind thru this portal of magic. Do not stare into this as it will steal your soul but otherwise, this is a great fan.
 love this fan so much, this is my 2nd one the other ran 24/7 for about 5 yrs and finally gave up I made sure to buy another one exactly like the 1st one!
 have two in my kitchen. they serve there purpose. Not extremely strong air factor but they work great.
 Works really well in a small room, but it's a small fan so don't expect too much from it.
 I was quite underwhelmed by this fan. I bought replace a similar sized vornado that went out and it isn't nearly as powerful as my old fan. I guess I should have known by how cheap it is that it isn't that powerful. Anyway I wish I would have spent more and got something that pushes more air.
 Perfect fan.  I use it in my hot bathroom and it cools beautifully.
 I like it. It moves a lot of air with moderate noise and is light and portable.
 Great deal for what it is.  Very good air flow.
 This fan will only face forward or tilt up, it will not tilt downward (which is what we needed to provide some breeze toward our toddlers bed). It also started rattling when on any setting other than low after only having it for a week. I wish I still had the boxes, I would send it back!
 I couldn't be happier with this purchase. I use this fan to help cool down my office area in the afternoons. The fan moves air around way more than I had anticipated. I have the fan below my desk blowing air up at me and immediately feel so much cooler when it's running.<br/><br/>It seems to be well made and I expect (hope) that it lasts for a long time.<br/><br/>I'm not sure that this fan is powerful enough to cool down a large space, but for my purposes it works great. Considering that and the low price, I am very happy.
 A compact and efficient little 3 speed fan. Includes suggestions for efficient uses in summer and winter. Great design and operation. Prompt delivery.
 Bought to put over HVAC vents on upper level of house to move the AC around.  Work great for this purpose!
 Wonderful fan, circulates air well and is perfect for white noise in our bedroom. Is a gentle humming sound but not loud or mechanical. Great buy!
 Bought this as a tabletop fan for my daughter's room.  It is quiet and easy to use.  I'm please with the quality and price of this product.
 Good.
 I use it at the office. Leave it on the floor and adjust the head. Pretty good fan. Small, but strong and sturdy.
 Great product, puts out a lot of air for how small it is. Would defiantly buy again! Very well made.
 Good light weight fan for desk top. Happy to have it.
 This Honeywell HT-900 Turboforce Air Circulator is a perfect balance of function and value. It is also portable, has multiple air flow settings, and is perfect for any room in the house.
 Very breezy and quite exonomical and I do not miss the fact that this is not an oscillating fan at all. It is serving me well.
 The TurboForce fan's are all I'll ever buy in this price range, they're durable and move a lot of air.
 helps cool a room down nicely.
 Blows air
 I was looking for a desk fan and this is not right for that. It is too big and too powerful for a desk.  It has a lot of power for a small fan.
 too quiet... had for 3 months and it's dead will spin if you reach in and spin the blades manually several times.
 I personally like it ,for the price it’s great! It’s also a great noice canceling fan, it’s liuder than other but I actualy like it I find it soothing
 I got this fan last week and it has already failed. Tried multiple outlets and settings, still nothing. Granted, it was on non stop for six days straight before it died, but still a piece of junk.
 This little fan circulates the air well and provides a nice hum to tune out noise to get a good night's sleep.
 I know they intentionally make fans quieter. Wish is was louder. I use for white noise. Overall it works great.
 I bought this to use as my traveling fan to put in my suitcase. Small enough for travel but still powerfull. Just enough whitenoise. Not too loud. Not too soft....just right!
 This is our third one.  Lots of air movement, reasonably quiet, and a good price. Every time I buy one somebody else in the house wants it so I keep buying them.
 It is powerful and quiet... I am happy with this purchase.
 I paid about $15,00 for this great fan. Best fan I've purchased in a long time. It is fairly quiet and even the lowest speed is almost too much. I have it in the corner of my office and I wish I bought this months ago. I'm planning to buy one for the house next.
 Amazing for the price. Blows harder then most.
 Won't hold its position at all and blows about like someone hissing at you. Oh well.
 This is a great fan.  Powerful and very quiet.  I got this for my son's room.  He's very happy with it too.  Will definitely get another one for a rainy day.
 I have this mounted to the wall above my son's top bunk bed.  He loves it and it seems to do its job well.
 These little fans work great for the price.. and just in time for summer! So glad i bought them.. they do move a lot of air and i am happy with purchase~~~:)
 Bought this fan to take camping, but never got the chance to use it for that purpose.  I have been using it around the house though and really like it.  It puts out a good amount of air for a small fan.  Not too noisy either.
 Works amazing. Packaging could have been better. It came in the original fan box with the actual product picture printed on it which has some padding and styrofoam, but if the box was dropped, the item could still get damaged.
 We call it the hurricane in my office
 Bought two; one is still working. Cheap plastic and motor cannot handle running very long. We used them all summer: on and off they went working pretty good, but one just gave out... just stopped working. I'd look at other fans before buying this again.
 Good for the price. Even on the highest power, not as strong as I'd like it to be.
 For an $8 fan it is great,plenty of air circulation, small, portable,quiet, perfect.
 This fan broke almost as quickly as it was purchased. When I took it out of the box, the nob to change speeds was already malfunctioning. If you change speeds the fan would turn off and require you to fuss with the controls until it decided to turn back on again. After about a week, it stopped responding the turning of the knob all together. When it decided to turn on, it certainly lived up to its name. Unfortunately, this malfunction led me to want to post a less than ideal review.
 Powerful &amp; quiet. I have a wall fan that blows papers all over the place, so I use this on my desk instead.
 great little fan , I sent this to college with my son, and he loves it, it is just so powerful for the size, great product at an amazing price
 Nice cool little fan that I can easily set on my desk during the hot summer months in my office, even though I am indoors the glass walls seem to magnify the outdoor heat.
 This works well so far - the high setting really puts out a lot of air!
 It’s 2 small and it’s not loud enough as described in the other post for sleeping.
 The fan is really quiet! The three speeds make it easy to adjust it to what you like.
 Use it at work.  Sits on my disk.  3 speeds.  Does well for my intended purpose.
 perfect fan for the office to keep you cool in the summer or the winter when your office is way too hot.
 this fan is amazing add throwing winds from far distance at me even at low settings very effective fan and design as good as any huge fan itself while saving tremendous amount of power consumption.
 I love the fan. It's a great small fan. I am going to purchase the larger fan later on.
 I preferred the older version of these fans, but the one I ordered is well constructed.
 Great little fan. It's a little loud in my opinion - which is why it only got 4 stars but otherwise I'm happy with this purchase
 Pretty serious little fan... I guess it's quiet enough to use at my desk at work (cubicle) on low without hopefully bugging anyone... though it's pretty big to use as a desk fan. pushes a lot of air. I really like it.
 Good price and the small size makes it easy to move from room to room.
 To small and not as powerful as people say
 Low power, not at all as advertised
 I guess for the price its ok but I expected more from a name brand like honeywell. Dont get it wrong, the fan does its job, but ive got 4 inch rechargable fans that put out the same flow with less size
 This is the most amazing little fan you'll ever buy. Even on low, it's more powerful than fans much larger. One of the best buys I've made on Amazon.
 Absolutely love this fan! I'm very picky about my fans because I like to use them as white noise while sleeping. This fan has a nice soft noise even on level three. Definitely recommend!
 Air flow not that good unless you are standing directly in front of it.  It's hard to prop up on things too and so since it is so small and on the floor, it is not good for cooling off someone lying on bed.
 I wanted it for the noise. This newer model is too quiet for me.
 This is a great fan, especially for its size. When it's on the high setting you can easily feel it across a room. I live in a medium-sized studio apartment and this little fan is powerful enough to keep the entire main room cool.<br/><br/>This is even better than some box fans I've had in the past and cheaper too.
 Ran fine for two months now it hums so bad I can't use it.
 We have one of these in every room of the house. Perfect amount of white noise for a bedroom, and helps keep the air from becoming stale.
 Compared with a similar size metal fan this fan is weak.  My "polar aire" from bi-mart knocks this down.  The upside is cost, and it's quiet.  But as far as wind velocity goes it's weak.
 Had this one before for years, just needed it again, works very well.
 Small but mighty it gets the job done!
 Works
 Just received the fan.  It blows plenty of air and is very quiet compared to other fans I have or had.  Also, the elevation adjustment locks firmly in place; it's not going to shift without a firm force. It doesn't vibrate and move around on a slick surface. I don't see any problems with the fan.<br/><br/>I just ordered another.
 perfect for what it was ordered for, helps keep me cool while dressing in the morning!
 This fan is a mighty might fan. I would give it 5 stars, but cleaning the blades is a chore -- 5 screws need to be taken out and then the cleaning begins. Overall, a great little fan that runs fairly quiet.
 Powerful tabletop fan. Good price for under 10$. Just be aware that the fan is quite large.
 I gotta admit... I really like Honeywell fans, and this one is no exception. For the price, it's a great deal
 I put it next to an open window and it instantly pumps in cool air from outside.
 Perfect fan for a desk or for those who like a fan while sleeping-sizing is perfect for a nightstand or desk or any small space! I will but again!
 Lots of push for cheap. Not a top notch fan and I can see some weak points in the plastic, but for a casual fan to have at work it satisfies my requirements. It's pretty quiet too, so my cubicle neighbors don't complain.
 This really is a great fan.  Quite powerful for it's size.  Adjust very easily.  FAR better (more powerful, compact, and adjustable) than a box or pole fan.
 I run this at night at the foot of my bed to keep me cool. It has very low energy output and doesn't tax my finances. love it. just purchased the next biggest size called the whole room circulator
 Air flow was less than expected
 Just not what I expected. A little disappointed
 I need white noise to sleep, and a travel a lot. This fan is the perfect size to take on trips. I have, in the past, used a white noise app, but nothing can truly replace an actual fan, especially in warm room or warmer months. It provides a great amount of air circulation, and the sound is ideal - not too quiet but also not to loud and no strange rattles or vibrations. I highly recommend it, not just for travel, but for any occasion where you need a small, portable fan.  (It is not an oscillating fan, but I prefer that)
 i love it
 Quiet, compact and modern. Good for a hot day or as white noise at night. Speaking as a college student, I use this often to block out noises in my apartment when I have to go to sleep.
 I have purchased two of these same fans and the output is not the same. This second one i bought is noticeably weaker than the other when compared at the same power settings.
 I use this to circulate air flow through my home by placing on the floor in a strategic area. It makes y central heating and air systems work more efficiently It works very well. Very dependable.
 Nice little fan. The term "Turbofan" is a misnomer as there is nothing Turbo about this fan. The airflow is about what you would expect from a 7" blade fan. It is satisfactory. I have not experienced the problem with the fan arbitrarily flopping to the ceiling position as others have experienced. Great price and free 2 day shipping with Amazon Prime.
 Made a terrible noise. Exchanged it thinking it was just faulty and the 2nd one also made same loud annoying sound.
 does exactly what they say it will do, great power for it size
 Very powerful for it's size and quieter than the tower fan we just purchased. Also a good bit less expensive than the tower fan.
 Huge housing, small propeller! = all show, (some) go. It pushed less air than a flat square $10 one from W.M. in a side by side test. If you need something fancy-looking for the office, this is suitable as it is quiet for the size.
 good fan for camping if you have an outlet.
 Fantastic for the price.
 Bought for my office to avoid 'thermostat wars'. Reliable, more wind than I will ever need. Good buy.
 Quiet, small, circulates air well! I bought this fan to replace and old floor fan which was much louder (and put out much more circulation). This fan is just right for me when falling asleep and waking up in the morning which is when I primarily use it. It also works well to help air move around a bedroom in those warm summer days!
 These are nice and compact but don't put off much air. I probably should have splurged on a nicer fan.
 The HT-900 is the perfect fan in my opinion.  Very powerful with a three speed setting.  Super quiet with no rattling or vibrations.  I bought three to circulate the heat in my house from my woodburner, and they definitely do the job better than any fans in the past.  One is in our living room, and we barely notice it watching tv, talking, etc.  I have always thought (and bought) metal fans were the way to go, but I will now have to rethink that strategy....  I highly recommend these fans.  And guess what?  $15.96 a piece!!!  Great fans.
 Blows strong and not too loud .
 Definitely cools the room down fast, although small and compact, this fan really does the job. If you enjoy the noise when you sleep, this has 3 (high, medium, and low) settings to give you the noise that you need. Would definitely buy this product again.
 Still have this bad boy. Has been through a lot! Probably bought it close to 2 years ago now. Still running strong! It's a little loud but we live in Vegas so I'd prefer a little loud over way too hot!!!
 This came delivered in it's original box and left on my door step.  It's no wonder so many packages are stolen this time of year!l. Luckily the fan worked,
 I use this for white noise as I sleep. The older models were louder, which I actually liked. This one is a litttttle too quiet.
 Efficient little desk fan. It can move all the way up, meaning it can face from against the wall 90 degrees against the ground to pointing the ceiling, but cannot point towards the ground. 3 settings, good power for its size.
 Great fan. Great circulation of air. Great shipping.
 Works well to circulate air in a plant tent or desk
 TurboForce Air Fan is powerful, quiet, but is unable to tilt downward. Only blows forward or upwards.
 This fan works great. I take it with me when I travel. It puts out a good breeze and fits nicely in my suitcase. It's well built and puts out just enough fan noise to cover the hotel noise, which is one reason I use it.
 Great fan for use during the day. Quiet and powerful. Unfortunately I use little fans like this at night while I sleep for ambient noise so the fact that it's quiet is a negative for me personally.  I wouldn't recommend it for that purpose. But for regular use during the day it's great.
 nice little fan good price
 Got this for my lab , works great , quiet and has multiple speed options.
 The fan is awesome, the only thing I don't like is the knob to turn it on to different speeds it's located in a weird spot and kind of a pain to get to if you have the fan up higher like I do.
 Purchased in November 2018, randomly stopped working in January 2019. Barely got 3 months of use and of course can’t return anymore. Will not purchase again.
 great deal on these they work very well
 Great fan that blows more air than my existing alohabreeze tower fan and is also quieter! The Honeywell TurboForce is also the perfect size to place on a windowsill to blow in cool air from outside. Would definitely purchase again since it's less than $20.
 Performance is disappointing. On high, air flow feels like low on previous models.
 Very powerful for a fan so small and guiet
 Great for personal fan
 One of my favorite products!  One on my desk, one in my bathroom, sent to one to family for hot flashes!  Perfect size, runs quiet and very reasonably priced!
 This is a lot larger than I expected and is quite loud (too loud for my office), but it works well and is a light plastic.
 I'm surprised at all the good reviews. If you want a fan on your desk and very close to your face then I guess this is the fan for you.  If you want the fan for the room or more the 3 feet from your face,  forget it.<br/>I returned it. Need something much more powerful than this one.
 Works greay
 I bought it to cool the back of my  my Vizio M65-C1 and it does a great job. It also does a great job of circulating cold air up the stairs when the upstairs is getting warm.
 It is really quiet and not very powerful. I use it on the highest setting which would probably be equivalent to the lowest setting on other fans. It is a nice size and good for a smaller room.
 Good price, arrived fast, works great!
 Never without one. Works better than any fan. Put it on the floor and it circulates heat in the winter or A/C in the summer.
 This is such an awesome fan. I use it on the lowest setting for when I sleep and it keeps me nice and cool.
 One of the best little fans out there!  I bought 2--one for my home desk and one for the office and plan to buy at least 2 more.  Genuinely puts out some turbo air to keep those of us with those internal "power surges" (aka hot flashes) cool when needed and more comfortable without having to change the room temperature for everyone else around.
 Good for making white noise (which I bought it for)<br/>Only giving 4 stars because for a Honeywell fan it’s not very powerful, even on the highest setting.
 This is the perfect fan.  It is small and compact, yet powerful.  It fits nicely into a bedroom or any small space and allows for good airflow.  We use it in our kids bedrooms. I will eventually buy one for each bedroom.
 Good fan.  Not noisy.
 So the fan does it's job, a little noisy but but what can you expect from 5.5 inches of whirling plastic.<br/>About the company though... I've never purchased anything from Honeywell before. They make all sorts of stuff so you come across them from time to time. However, after buying this fan, a day later suddenly Honeywell starts calling my home phone... I only gave Amazon my cell phone number so somebody was doing some digging at head quarters, and I'm not really down with that. So just FYI Honeywell likes to get intimate with it's customers.
 Started making noise within a month of use.
 It works just fine but it is NOT as loud as the previous generation of the same model. This is unfortunate for me because I use it as white noise to sleep. They look the same but they are not the same.
 Moves a lot of air. Relatively quiet. Great fan for my desk/cube at work.
 I have a green house where I use this to control the humity, and it works wonders
 I'll keep buying this fan as long as they make it. It works great, costs next to nothing, and holds up great. One day I'll have 2 in every room.
 Love it
 Moves air.  Feels good.
 Worked well and as advertised. Then after about 6mos it started getting stuck. You turn it on and the fan blades make one rotation and stop. You can hear the motor straining. It's like there is a clutch mechanism that gets stuck.
 Perfect to take traveling, have to have background noise when sleeping.
 Works well. Can't figure out how to clean it/take it apart.
 Nice little desk fan for my daughters dorm room.
 Oh my goodness this fan which by the way. I just got this morning is cooling my 2 rooms which are open rooms and it’s set on low. I can’t beliee how cool it is in here. Unbelievable. Although I have central air I needed to. Circulate it. Wow. Thank you.
 Quite a bit bigger and more powerful than I had expected. Works great!
 The first time I turned on, last 5 minutes and burn, total waste of monet
 Quiet fan. Small enough if will fit anywhere. Works great.
 I own 3 of these fans, they are amazing and I will keep buying them.  I have had one of them for 4 years and while it is slightly slower than the others it still works (I use it every night)
 This is a great little, sturdy fan. We have had several over the years as we mainly use them at night in our bedroom to drown out sounds and give us "white noise." The are a good size and work well for our needs. We will be buying them again!
 Nice fan works well in a small space.
 Meets expectations. Maybe should have got the little bigger one.
 I put the fan on the middle level when I'm sleeping and it circulates the air in the room very well. As for noise, this is just as quiet as a normal wall vent would be in your house- not loud or distracting at all.
 I had the previous model and it was LOUD. This has very faint noise but circulates the air well in its immediate area.  I like that you can attach this to the wall if you need to.
 Has been the perfect fan for my 14x14 office.  Moves the air around and cools the room quickly.  Love it!
 Nice. Works well. Switch is in a slightly awkward position and hard to move when it's on the desk next to you.
 This is an amazing fan for under $15. The air circulation it creates is far stronger across the room than right in front of it. I'm delighted and will buy another as a gift.
 Second one I've owned. Moves a lot of air for such a small fan. Quiet operation.
 This fan was much bigger than I expected it to be but it was a pleasant surprise.  It's not a super quiet fan but I'm ok with that because it has a lot of power.  I usually keep it on level one of three.  Definitely worth the money spent.
 This is a good little desk fan. It is very strong and will cool down a small room or office
 I received this fan 8 days ago.  I've run it about 4 hours a day, and today, it stopped working.  Sigh.
 Terrific little fan; I keep it in the bedroom to keep air fresh; great power for small appliance.  Wished I would have bought it sooner !
 Perfect desk size, circulates the air well. Keeps me cool on warmer days.
 These are the only fans I buy. They are the best. I constantly have them on. They last for years. They would probly last longer if I cleaned them
 I've had this fan for a couple of weeks now, and after having the previous version of it, I'm pretty disappointed. I had the earlier model for just over 3 years of continuous use. When I say continuous, I mean CONTINUOUS. I had it on 24/7 on the lowest setting, very rarely turning it off. But, to even mimic the power of the last one on the lowest setting, this fan has to be on the highest setting. And, I have a feeling I'll be purchasing another fan in a much shorter time period than 3 years.
 Owned two of these, exact same problem with each. Eventually about after a year the fan is super loud and the center shakes and rattles when you turn it on it becomes very loud. The only way to make it quiet again is to aim it up. Basically it's a throw away fan that lasts a year for $8. I bought them before when they were $20+
 It used to work just fine, providing me with pretty cool air at powerful settings for hours at a time as a I sat at my desk. Sadly, over the last month the engine started to die out (it was struggling to reach full power) and last night it completely stopped working. I'm not sure if this was the result of overuse but I have only had this thing for 3 months, and it is rather disappointing it died so fast. Will not be buying Honeywell fan again!
 very handy  for bedside table.
 nice quiet little fan, moves a good amount of air also.
 I have the original model from years ago that is more powerful.  Still pretty good fan and very quiet.
 I had one of the larger units a few years ago and it worked great and lasted 5+ years running 24/7.  This one is smaller, but seems built as well.  Very sturdy and fits perfectly in a small space or on a desk or table.
 I ordered 2. Great fan, for a low price! Just plug it in, and it's ready!
 This is probably the weakest fan I have ever owned. Save your money and buy something that you can actually feel.
 I love this fan. It works wonderful. Perfect noise. On low it really gets the air in my bedroom circulating. Great value. Great product. So glad I purchased this.
 For the price and size, this little fan is 'fan'tastic. Circulates the air quite well and makes out home a bit more comfortable!
 as described, good purchase
 Works great
 Terrible fan.
 Perfect for moving air around in a small to medium area
 These are great little fans for the money.  I use one on my walking treadmill at work to keep me from overheating. Another hangs on the wall in our un-climat-controlled mudroom to blow air out and keep it cool.
 This blows hard! in a good way of course! I have left it one for several days at a time and the motor is running like a champ. Simple and easy control knobs. Seems like it would hold up well for years to come.
 Good circulation and easy to clean.
 This good when put in front of an open window. Very small but effective for a small area.
 Perfect 3 speeds. Low is VERY quiet, other two speeds slightly louder, but certainly not objectionable. Comes with fairly long cord. Perfect for the price.
 This is a good fan. It is a little bit bigger than I was hoping for, but that's on me, the description clearly states the dimensions correctly.
 Surprisingly sturdy for the price. Works well so far.
 Nice little fan for the money
 Perfect for my desktop. 2nd one I’ve bought now. Perefect for any room.
 This was a little louder than I expected, but I enjoy the white noise.  It's pretty powerful, and sturdy enough when adjusting.  Really saving my life at work!
 Arrived quickly and safely packaged. I've used these fans before and they work well and last several years, even with my cats routinely kicking them down.
 Works great - quiet enough but still provides enough "white noise" which is why we use a fan at night.
 Great price and an amazing little fan runs forever and never gets hot I just LOVE this product!
 Nice desk fan.
 I bought this for my three old son for noise while he sleeps. It is perfect!
 For its size, it pushes a ton of air. Well worth the money.
 Works well so far. The feet hook easily inside my windowsill, so I use this as a window fan pretty frequently. Moderately powerful fan for the size.
 This little fan keeps me cool at night and isn't loud. Thankfully. Might just buy another one.
 really powerful for its size
 Annoying noise when the fan spins ever since I got it right out of the box.
 Great fan
 Cheap and cheerful, works fine, but a little bit too noisy on the high setting.
 This fan works really well and is really cheap.
 This fan has very limited power and a range of only a few feet.  Do not use this fan as a white noise machine, as it is way too quiet for that.  If you're looking for a desk fan for your office, this is a decent choice.  Otherwise, I would avoid.
 I like them so much I bought two, moves air very effectively. Feels twice it size, got one for home and office
 This little fan moves more air than my big box fan.  And with a third of the noise. My AC is out so I'm using this fan to blow cool air from the bedroom window unit into the living room...  you can feel it all the way into the kitchen.  I'm amazed at this tiny fan and am actually going to buy another.
 Good sturdy fan  decent airflow for its size  We run ours 24/7 and have no complaints
 Works very Well for its size
 This little fan moves a lot of air. I'm impressed.<br/><br/>It's not quiet.
 Great reliable product at an excellent price.
 Quiet and handy.  We have 2 and thinking about 1 more.
 Heavy duty fan for real. Excellent for subtle breeze or heavy wind, depending on the setting you want. I doubt this fan will ever break to be honest.
 Great fan for white noise and air circulation in a small bedroom. I use it nearly every night to help me fall asleep and to keep the room feeling a little cooler. After a year of nightly use, I haven't had any problems.
 Great little fan. Purchased for my daughter along with a Vornado fan for myself. Vornado didn't even last 3 months!!!! This one is still kicking!
 Whisper quiet--much quieter than I expected. So happy because I bought it for my office to keep the air moving without distraction. A++++++
 i have had my Honeywell fan for 3 years , and it has been in constant use during that period of time. the fan has held up well. It does make a little rickety sound after a while, but i don't mind that .
 Very quiet fan even when put on high.  Has nice air movement, i use it in my garage and it can be felt from anywhere in the room.
 Amazing item work well , high quality i feel very pleased with my purchase..thanks
 It is pretty loud on 3, but 2 and 1 are very quiet. IT doesn't move as much air as I would like. I bought it for a DIY air conditioner with a Styrofoam cooler with ice, and it did that job pretty well.
 Had to give away my larger Honeywell TurboForce Fan to a family member.  But this new little giant covers my need with power to spare... moving cooling from my living space into my computer office. Very happy with it,  This type of Honeywell fan is very powerful at moving air, yet very quiet to have in the room where you are working or talking.
 This fan blows...in a good way. Comes with three speeds that can be selected with a manual speed dial. Smaller profile and perfect for circulating air for an entire room. I place mine on the window sill (the stand will hang slightly over most standard window sills) to provide ventilation for my room. I find the width of the fan to be a good size, and not too large as for the fan to fall off my window sill or have the fan bulge into and damage the window screen.
 This is a powerful little fan.  I mounted it to my bathroom wall facing the vanity for when I'm getting ready in the morning and it's hot out.  I only ever need to put it on the low setting, so I think it would work for a slightly bigger room on the higher settings.
 good general use cheap fan
 Love it! Takes up little space and cranks the air out. I bought 2 and might buy 2 more!
 A great little fan... I have it under my desk and when the computers in the office along with the monitors, I can turn it on Low and it's just the right amount of air. Med. and High when it really needs cooling down. Keeps the air moving in the entire office.
 Very quiet...and yet, keeps the cool air circulating!!
 This really is TurboForce and works well.
 For the money, it's hard to beat this. A little noisy but then, perhaps that might even help you sleep better if you have street noise you want to cover up.
 I use it at my desk at the office, plenty of airflow that will cool you off quickly!
 Excellent fan, I can't believe how cheap it is!
 Excellent fan for the money. It moves a surprising amount of air for the size. Highly recommended if you need to increase the airflow in a small room. Pretty quiet on the lower settings and not objectionable on the higher setting.
 Good desk fan, quiet, moves a lot of air. Good for my stuffy office.
 This fan circulates quite a bit of air and generates a good amount of white noise that keeps our toddler quiet in her bed.
 Very good price and performance.  Just perfect for what I needed it for.
 This fan was a replacement for exactly the same item that I had for a long time.  Happy with buying the same model.  Works great.
 Moves a lot of air. Quiet. But sometime the fans burn out after extended use. I use these to move the air around in a house during the summer since our AC is underpowered. This fan model is definitely less powerful than the previous models.
 Sent as a gift. Apparently, has a lot of strength behind it. Reminded of a prison fan though. Lol
 Unfortunately, I order this because of it's loud fan noise to drown out the neighbors. This would have been my third because I have burnt out the other two with nightly use.  It came with a note on the box that says 25% more quiet! It's actually more like 70% more quiet. Can't use it! However, it works exactly the way it is supposed to, just not if you have noisy neighbors!!
 Love it!
 I bought this fan to cool my ALL IN ONE DELL INSPIRON ONE PC. (they were baldly designed and run very hot) This fan is doing that job.  I just turn it off at night. It is on all day.  One thing thou, it is very loud.  If you dont mind that, it is a good buy. One star off for loudness.
 These fans are more than I expected! Quite and move a lot of air for their size. I'm very happy with this purchase and would recommend them "HIGHLY!"
 Excellent air movement, very quiet, will be by buying more.
 I was in the market for a fan.  The room I purchased the fan for enjoys a good bit of shade and it cools the room down sufficiently without turning on the A/C.  I also have a small bathroom where the fan is used.  Works great.  Nice power in such a small fan.
 Really like it so I bought 2 more.  Small enough for the desk, beside table and end table.  I was worried when some reviews said it was noisy but we don't think its any noisier than the whirring of a fan.
 The fan works well and the noise it makes started out okay.  But over the next few months one can tell the bearings are wearing out and the sound is changing.
 It works well.
 Excellent
 I purchased this fan and it worked perfectly for what I needed...except only for 2 months. Almost exactly 2 months after purchase the motor burned out and it simply doesn't turn on anymore. Apparently I missed the return window and there is no recourse. Granted, it's an inexpensive fan but I expected more than 2 months of life out of it. I'd recommend going with a better engineered product.
 You get what you pay for. After a couple months it started making noise--the higher the setting, the louder the noise. I took it apart and cleaned the dust off to no luck.
 This has probably gotten over 100 hours of use at our house and it hasn't had any issues. It's still quiet, still solid and still pretty clean! For a fan, this one hits all the needs.
 Works perfectly.  Strong fan for a small size.  Price was right!
 good
 This little fan is awesome - very powerful! Such a great price too.
 I had purchased 1 of these fans in 2011 and it has been great, still runs perfectly. So based on the quality of the original fan I purchased 3 more. Less than 1 year and 2 of the 3 no longer work. Not impressed.
 powerful, inexpensive, and compact. I have two, one for the home and another for the office. If you need a fan, for the price, it's worth getting.
 I live in the South, so extra fans are a necessity during the summer months. This fan not only works well, it is incredibly durable. It has been knocked off my bed countless times since I bought it (months and months ago) and it still works perfectly. Such a great price.
 These powerhouse fans (I bought 3) saved our lives this summer.  They work so well, that I stayed cool in my home office, in the kitchen, and in the other bedroom.  They work as well as standing fans.
 I prefer my Vornado fans, but they're too expensive.  This one has a 3-speed knob on top, which is easy to access. I actually wanted it to make MORE noise to drown out sounds at work, but it's relatively quiet.  This is a great fan for the price.
 on my desk at work; Cool, Quiet, just big enough, I love it.
 Quiet and powerful fan that doesn't take up much room on the desk
 its small, a little smaller than what I wanted but this is one great fan.<br/>moves a lot of air and is not noisy.<br/>What else can I say but I am buying another one.
 Great little fan. Own several of these.. This new model is quieter but the older models did not make much nose anyway.<br/>I have long  thick hair and live in Arizona. I hang one in the bathroom to use one as a fast hair dryer in the peak of our OH SOOOO hot summers.
 Not too big or too small, just the right size. Definitely gets some airflow into my office.
 I can't sleep without air hitting me. Love that the force is strong and the fan is quiet.
 Even though I got 1 day delay delivery of this product but started loving this fan. The best part is, less noicy and cool air. It is very comfortable to place as it is small but sufficient for a person.
 Exactly what I needed
 Update November 2017<br/><br/>I think I fixed my fan. The blade spindle was all gunked up. The fan blades barely spun when turned by hand.  I removed the motor and took it apart. The problem are the places where the spindle shaft are held in on the motor. They become gummed up. I cleaned them and put a dash of lithium grease on the fitting. The fan is turning freely.  I believe the issue with these fans are first, a very weak motor. Second, poor design where the spindle shafts get easily dirty and gum up. It is running fine. I will see how long it lasts.<br/><br/>Update October 2016<br/><br/>Fan is dead. The blades won't spin. I thought it was the internal fuse that is connected to the chord. Replaced it with the extra fuse.  Still, the blades won't spin. Listening close up, I can hear the motor humming.  Thus fan totally dead. It didn't even last two years.  In my life time, I have never had a fan break on me.  I still have a couple of fans from the 40's that I use.  This is a first.<br/><br/>Bought last year.  The fan is now making rattling sounds. Very annoying and loud. I would not buy again.
 This product is great. It pushes a lot of air for how small it is and does it fairly quiet. It is a fan so it obviously makes some noise.
 This little fan packs a lot of power for its size and selling price.  Exceeded expectations.
 Works very well and I use this every night just for the noise
 Good fan, throws out enough air to help circulate the window AC.
 Great size, powerful output of air. Just ideal for my large room.
 I use this as my office desk fan. The only issues is that it is a little bulky and if you put it beyond lo it will blast you with some air (which can be good).<br/>If you want a solid fan enjoy.
 Nice and quiet, circulates the air and helps to keep the humidity down.
 Surprised as to how quiet it is. Moves a lot of air, even on low speed. extremely  pleased and will order more
 Excellent, and not too loud.  I work in an office environment and it works well and doesn't bother anyone else.
 Holy cow. This fan. It is powerful, cold, and should be more expensive. I put this on my bedside table because I need a breeze and I havento put it on the lowest setting. Very happy.
 A very good fan for the price, it works fine.
 Great products and service.
 My favorite fan. We use them to circulate air and make some noise while sleeping. Yes, we'll wear them out every 2-3 years, but that's ok by us.
 This is a great fan!<br/>It's odd to say that about a fan but it's true. The hum of the blades is pleasant and not too loud, the air current generated is fantastic. It feels solid. I'm a fan of this fan.
 Died. Total bummer.
 We ordered two of these. We've had issues with both of them soon after sending them back was no longer an option. They quick working or sit for 5 minutes after being turned on before starting to rotate...Maybe ours were from a bad batch.
 I have two of these - one in my camper, and one in my office.  They are very quiet and move a lot of air.
 I've been using this in the office. On the lowest setting, it's quiet enough that people 5 feet away don't notice. It also moves enough air to keep me cool - and we're talking summer in the South. For the people who are complaining about it being unstable - there are some screws you can tighten in the frame/base/whatever that will fix that. Over time, the vibration shakes it loose. That's just part of the low price point, you get a plastic base. It's an easy fix. For 16 bucks, you just can't beat this.
 Nice fan for a small space
 This is a great little fan.  Really puts out a nice breeze for a small area.
 Quiet and effective fan. Use it every night and it produces the right amount of white noise to fall asleep to on lowest setting.
 Great little fan.
 Gets the job done for an affordable price
 Perfect for the office, quiet and good flow.
 For a small fan, this thing kicks!!!!
 I wish there was a lower setting but other than that it is great.
 I have this fan in my daughter's room and one at work. I just bought a third for our room. I love the amount of air it moves around and how you can adjust the angle. It is just the right amount of noise.
 BEST BRAND!
 I thought "turbo" meant a more force fan--- but this is no turbo on this fan... just a fan w/ 3 speed low which is really low - medium which is low and high which is medium.
 It’s a fan. It does what it’s suppose to do. Good for a bedroom.
 Good power, great price.  Keeps me cool at night and the white noise is perfect.
 For the price of this fan, you can't beat value.  Its relatively quiet and blows great for a small fan.  Perfect for office, small room, porch type area.
 I purchased this only to replace the last one that I bought, which lasted 15 years, I hope this lasts just as long!!!
 One of the few fans on the market that actually live up to the term "turbo force"  great air flow and very quiet operation.
 Great fan
 We use this as much for white noise as for circulation. It serves the latter purpose far better than the former.
 I purchased this fan two years ago and it's still working fine.  No shaking or vibrating and the noise is minimal especially on the low and medium settings.
 Perfect for cooling me off when I'm sitting on the couch.
 Quiet and powerful! Definitely exceeded my expectations!
 Very good fan it works great and it is pretty durable. The down side is it’s way  noisier than I expected and it’s high setting is not very high at all
 A bit noisy, but it moves a good amount of air and is nice and compact.  Mine lasted a mere two weeks beyond its 1 year warranty before the switch broke.
 Died in 6 months, and doesn't blow wind at all!!!
 GREAT fan for size and price: On low it pushes a good amount of air and is very quiet. Even on high, it's comparably quiet.
 I purchased a new fan and when I opened the box the fan looked used. The inside of the fan was covered in dust and dirt. Not happy about this purchase.
 Wow! This thing works great for the price. Perfect size for my nightstand and very quiet.
 What everyone has said about this fan is true. It's great.
 Works great kinda loud when on.
 Ultra quiet. Works perfect. Keep it on the floor by my desk pointing up on low and keeps me cool all day
 Great fan, great price.
 I had one of these for 10 years, and dust had migrated into the fan motor, causing it to barely work. So, I bought another one. I use it as a fancy white noise generator.
 I've purchase now 7 of these fans, putting them in my dental office treatment rooms and in several rooms in my house. They're quiet but still move a  LOT of air for their size.
 Sturdy fans!  Well made!  Pleased with purchase.
 bought for workmate. He thinks it's good
 I bought this for my office.  It worked so well and is so quiet and yet powerful, I am planning to order another one for my living room.
 The small fan is powerful and so quiet, and fits in to your interior settings. Highly recommended
 It's a fan....
 Fan works well, but is a bit noisy.
 My hubby has our son hooked on sleeping with a fan running. It's fairly quiet but drowns out the noises from the nearby interstate.
 Excellent
 Powerful fan. I sit mine at the other end of the room amd feel it very well. Great price too!
 This fan is awesome. Very quiet and pushes plenty of air and is very small. Glad I got this one.
 I love this fan so much. It was so hot and humid in my office so I was desperate for something to circulate air, but I didn't want something big (also I didn't want one of those small clip-on fans because they don't create enough air circulation and they're usually loud for their size). This fan was a great price, it's small enough to sit on my office desk, I love how quiet it is (especially on the lowest speed which even though low, creates plenty of air circulation), the cord is nice and long... There's nothing I don't like about this fan.
 Would give it 5 stars but for the hard to reach and turn control knob
 This is a small fan - it is about 6" in diameter but it kicks out a lot of air, is not too loud and is perfect for an office.
 Love ittt!!! I don't need AC anymore!
 Best small fan ever
 Good fan. Got it in hopes for good white noise. Not quite loud enough for me but a nice fan for the size
 Started out as a good fan. It died 32 days after I received it. And it was used maybe 5hours total. Wow. Useless  Two days after Amazon 30 day warranty. All I Can say is wow.
 great little fan, price nicely and arrived in less than expected time.
 Nice desk fan
 I purchased this fan on September 15th, 2018 and today, March 25th, 2019, it died. It was the shortest-lived fan I've ever owned and I could not recommend anyone to purchase it.
 This fan isn't silent, but it does the job. Stop putting up with stuffy rooms and poor ventilation. The three settings offer distinct levels of flow and should suit your air circulation needs for any small room.
 Honeywell has come way down.<br/>HT-900 is anemic. Definitely not turbo.
 Exactly what my husband needed for his bedside table!
 I was skeptical at first of the size but it works great!
 broke after one season,doesn't rotate and rattles
 Only wish I would have gotten a couple. They are whisper quiet
 Cute little fan that does it's job nicely.  Not too loud, pretty powerful, and a good size.  Looks nice too.  Happy to have it!
 This fan moves a lot of air for its size. Only complaint is that it is a bit noisy, which is to be somewhat expected for how much power it packs.<br/><br/>Very small and lightweight which is great when you need to move this from room to room.
 Worked great for a month and a half. Now the knob to turn it on does not work. It is clearly a short as if you hover between clicks it will work but as soon as it clicks in place it stops working. Past Amazon return period and have to send $10 money order with item to return to manufacturer.  By the time I pay to ship it and the $10.00, I am to the price I paid for it. Headed for the trash and getting something different.
 Very quiet fan.
 This product is great.  I use this daily.
 Love this little guy. Definitely has some power to it.
 Replacing an old version.  Works fine
 It does the job!
 Not as windy as I thought it would be. But still a good little fan for an office.
 Love this fan
 Almost silent and perfect for cooling off a small room.
 I love that I was able to get this delivered same day. I have 2 and for their size they can really move some air.
 A little loud for such a small fan! But still works great!
 Quiet fan, doesn't move much air for the size but is a quality product
 This fan started making horribly loud noises &amp; basically broke within 2 days of delivery. I wanted to request a replacement it but don't want to have to bother shipping back the broken item 😡
 I got this to move some air around in my office, and on low, I can get a nice breeze from about 10 feet away, on high it will blow around 25 and is still pretty quiet.<br/><br/>Very happy with my purchase, considering I thought I needed the $30 HT-908.
 This is a really nice fan. It moves the air with just the right amount of force. You can tilt the blades up, but not down. It's well worth the money.
 I needed a small fan that would fit in a 12x8 window in my workshop. By tilting the fan all the way and not using the base it fits. It was very difficult to find a fan that would. I was doing a lot of painting and needed a fan strong enough to pull all the paint fumes out of the workspace. This fan did an excellent job.
 The footprint is a little big but it has a strong air flow and is just quiet enough to provide some white noise which I love to sleep to.
 Incredible little workhorse.
 Works perfect for my cubicle!
 Nice, compact fan.  It's quiet and puts out more air than you'd think for its size.  We'll probably buy another one to take on vacation with us.  I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a small, durable fan.
 Currently have three of these I am using.  The older models seem to have more air movement power but the newer ones are definitely worth the purchase price.s
 best thing ever
 Silent enough but powerful!
 so quiet for all that refreshing breeze while using the treadmill. A very good price and nice selection of speeds.
 We bought this for my son's dorm. It's just the right size and works well for a small fan.
 Love it. Indeed quiet and full of wind
 Used this fan at work for only a few months before it the motor burned up in it.  Started smelling something burning, then the fan stopped working.  Didn't last very long.
 These are powerful and quiet fans. We use them in the winter to move the cold air along the floor back to the wood stove. This lets the warm ear pop back into the rooms at the top of the doors. These fans are great. LOVE em!
 Works great for me. Had it for about a month and no problem at all. My only thing about it is that it's not as powerful as the fan I replaced for this one and they are both the same size. However, this one puts out it's fare share of air though. And its really quiet. I can't complain about that too much. But other than that, it's fine. The swivel action and the handle at the top is really convenient.
 Great fan.  Very quite. May have to get another.
 For the size and price, it's as powerful as I could hope. If you need to keep yourself cool, you'll want it with a few feet of you. But it's small enough and quiet enough that keeping it close isn't a problem.
 Have purchased several of these, moves air very well!
 Works great. Light. Powerful for a desk fan.
 Burnt out in just over 2 months. It works well and at $13.99, it's not too difficult to replace, but that's really annoying. My last one lasted 3 years. The quality seems to have dropped off.
 Neat little fan, does a good job of adding noise to our bedroom so that we can sleep soundly!
 Use it at night for the noise. Very good fan. So far so good
 Strongly recommend. It's quiet and yet has the force to circulate the air as I needed. It's light and easy to carry when going on vacation!
 Right size and right power
 Great little fan! Quiet. Subtle. Effective, but doesn't blow you out of the room and soft in sound so you can have a good night's sleep. Can't beat it for $13.
 Small enough to be convenient and good strength.
 This is a great fan.  I mounted it on the wall and it works great that way.
 Quit working after 1 week. It didnt burn up, It just slows to a crawl, then eventually stops and humms. no reason I can see nothing is caught in it.
 Works great good deal thank you
 Bought just for noise while sleeping, works great but quieter than my last one so will take some getting used to. If you want a quiet fan you'll love it!
 This little guy packs a punch. This guy can cool a small room entirely on its own. The highest level can be a bit loud at times but does the job.
 It does the job and then some! I love this fan! It's great to have in my office as it isn't too loud and it creates quite the air flow for me!
 Helps me not have to use my A/C in my RV as often.<br/><br/>My A/C unit in my RV is probably my biggest energy eater, so when I run this fan.. I save money!
 For having the fan for 3 years straight and having it air dry my towels and clothes, cool my room on the hot nights that happen in the california summers this fan still kicks like it was day one. Have not had another fan that is as good as this one. Love it. Get one.
 This thing blows........ It's surprising not as loud as I would have expected.
 Have had a few of these and they all eventually stop turning. Will come on but blade won't spin. So figure on replacing about once a year
 Its a fan
 Bought this during an unseasonably hot and humid late summer in San Diego.  The fan works wonderfully; almost feels like an air conditioner at work instead of a fan.  Very quiet and smooth operation also.  Wise investment.
 This is smaller than I expected, with a weaker air flow.  Calling it TurboForce is definitely misleading.  Still, if you want a fairly weak airflow, otherwise this fan seems well made.
 I tend to trust Honeywell products. They're usually reasonably priced and tend to be reliable. That and Amazon's recommendation of this product lead me to buy this 11" fan. I'm happy I did. For around $14 I got a pretty capable little fan that I can place in most spots within my house and get good air flow. There are three speed settings with an adjustable swivel that lets you point the fan upwards or downwards to get the right air flow you're looking for - a bit more flexible/adjustable than your typical box fan. I tend to set this fan next to a window, crack it open a foot or so and let this fan draw cooler air from outside into my room. It works beautifully as long as the temps outside are cooling off or just cooler than they are inside, which is my primary reason for buying the fan. I have certain rooms with electronics that push the temperature up in those parts of my house and it gets annoying when I have to rely on the AC to kick in, which it doesn't for a specific room heating up. Since I picked up this fan, I've enjoyed much better air flow for a smaller 14' x 8' room which has game consoles, a TV, and an always-on PC in it that run up the temp in a hurry when it's they're all on and being used. With the fan, I keep that room at a reasonable temp and that keeps me from feeling icky and sweaty.<br/><br/>After a couple weeks of use, I'm very happy with the Honeywell HT-900. If you don't need a large sized fan, this thing packs quite a punch for its size and is great for most modest-sized rooms. I love that it's plastic too. I had a similar style all-metal fan that slowly broke down over time. Because it was all metal it got rattles when I used it at lower speeds and it just became too noisy to keep around. A year later, I've replaced it with this Honeywell fan just in time for summer.
 Good air current. Not too noisy.  It does make a soft hum that acts as white noise to help me sleep. Fairly easy to clean. I run mine every night and they last about a year before I have to replace them.
 the fan even on the highest setting is very weak. I will be returning these and sticking with my box fan.
 Very Silent - yet very effective. Strong too - been knocked off the table to the floor multiple times by my cats - nothing happened !
 Not the "turbo" as advertised. Would be ok at an office desk but not good for moving much air at all. I expected more from Honeywell.
 great fan-powerful enough adjustable up and down-bought two more for my son.Very happy with this purchase
 Powerful little fan, although it's making a constant, rapid ticking sound on the lowest 2 settings. The noise isn't very loud, and it may just be this one fan out of hundreds.
 Good air circulator for small areas.  The velocity of the "High" setting isn't as high as I would have liked, but at least it is quiet during all operation settings.
 Cools you down. Not loud.. thats bout it.
 Very quiet . . . good deal for the price.
 Best cancelling noise fan ever. This fan saved us from the noises of New York Street. WHen we turn it on, there is constant noise that cancels everything else.
 Exactly what I was looking for. Perfect size, great air flow, and on the low setting it provides enough white noise to fall asleep to without making my room freezing. If I had to find a flaw, I'd say I wish the controls were on the front, but most fans have them on the back.
 Started making noise within minutes of use. Sent back defective. Didn't move much air.
 Handy fan. I use it every day and the motor does make a weird sound if it's on high for longer than a half hour. But it's been very reliable.
 Like it and bought another.<br/>It runs about 24/7 and irs going string. Great quality with the plastics. Great for the price, I paid $14.
 The fan quit working the day after my “return window” closed. It lasted 30 days of overnight only use. Not a great value.  I hope the seller is willing to make an exception for an exchange.
 Small, convenient fan. Works great.
 Got it for $8! What a deal! No it is a steal!
 Fan is small but does the job and is quiet! Bought three of them for each bedroom.
 Great product for small spaces
 great fan blows lots of air, 3 speed settings.
 Keep this under my desk at work, use it when I ride my bike to work and need a little air to cool off/dry out. This is strong, quiet and solid. Good buy.
 For such a tiny fan, it gives off a ton of air.
 The first time we used this fan it smelled horrible like burning plastic. I was afraid it would catch on fire and immediately unplugged it. I tried one more time and the smell was even worse so we threw the fan out. I bought this fan because of the size and price but sadly we never were able to use it because it smelled like it was going to catch on fire.
 Not a tornado, but nice air flow and relatively quiet
 Great fan for the money. We needed this to circulate air in our RV bedroom at night. It does what we need without taking up a lot of room.
 Husband deployed to the desert, despite the sand and dust everywhere it last beautifully and he's even bringing it home instead of trashing it
 Lasted 11 months.  Granted,it was constantly on, still, not the lasting potential I'd expect.
 Is great. Great price and does its job
 Had this for exactly a month and it breaks! All it did was sit on my window sill. Don't recommend.
 This fan really blows!
 This is a super solid fan. Great price, great form factor, strong wind!
 Helps keep me cool while running indoors on the treadmill.
 Completely stopped working in less than a year. The motor makes noise, but the fan doesn't spin. I don't know what I expected from a $10 fan, but to burn out in less than a year is unacceptable.
 Bought for my desk at work.  Quiest with a good stream of air.  Perfect for my use at the price.  Recommended.
 Bought for my husband to use in his office at work. Perfect. Small and quiet but helps circulate the air.
 Not as much flow as I thought there would be.
 High powered (for and indoor fan) and quiet. Switch location could have been in a little more covenient location, but its small powerful and relatively quiet.
 Use it daily at work. Great fan!
 Inexpensive and gives a nice breeze. I am hoping it will help me cut air conditioning bills by keeping me cool at night when sleeping. I should note it does not bend downward, only upward. That is my only criticism.
 Very quiet but moves plenty of air.
 Similar to Vornado fans.  A good basic fan that serves its purpose at a great price.
 Powerful little fan for the price. Great for an area where you don't want the fan to take up a ton of space.
 I actually really like this fan. Moves air nicely and isn't noisy. I use it in the summer and a humidifier in the winter, so they swap off seasonally. Only problem is, one year and one month after arrival, and only about six months of use, nights only, this fan's motor has conked out. Total bummer.
 If your looking for small fan this is it. just buy it. Works great.
 Very good quality. The noisy level is higher than I expected though.
 As explained in product detail. Good product.
 Good price, fast shipping
 Love these little fans! Works great and nice for some smooth background noise while falling asleep.
 Its a very quiet little fan that I use daily while at my desk, it blows a lot of air, especially for how quiet it is.
 Only thing holding me back from giving this 5 stars is it's inability to til downward.
 It's a decent fan.  I have it wall mounted.  On high it blows sufficient air.  On low it's good for white noise.
 Just what I needed to replace my old one.
 Great fan for the price. Powerful on high. Sometimes have to adjust it because it slips from where you had it set, which is the only reason I gave 4 stars. Would buy Again
 Great fan for the price. Powerful on high. Sometimes have to adjust it because it slips from where you had it set, which is the only reason I gave 4 stars. Would buy Again
 Horrible quality. After just the 2nd use it started rattling loudly.
 Broke after a month
 Fan really doesn't work unless it's within 5 feet of me. Do yourself a favor and go to home depot or walmart for a box fan.
 Quiet and works well.  Not loud like some
 Work great I brought 4 of them all working fine.
 only way this could be better if the switch was on the front but other than that it's quite, produces the chill you need after a good lunch run
 Great product good power for the size
 I have had several earlier iterations of this fan and have had good luck with them.  I feel this one is as powerful as the older ones, but I also have not had any issues with it tipping over frequently as mentioned in other reviews.  It does the job.
 This thing is awesome, it is a little louder than I thought.
 For a little fan these work really well. Got one for each of my kids rooms. We've only needed to use them s few times but so far so good.
 I have bought a bunch of these to cools systems at work. They work well, it moves a good amount of air quietly. I dont know why people need to complain "The vortex of the air is not exactly parallel to the ..." ITS A FAN IT WORKS WELL.
 extremely weak motor. I have an older one that's the exact same model. The older one on the low setting is way more powerful than the new one on the high setting.
 I have no complaints with the fan, itself. It's quiet and definitely cools of my office. The one place I give it lower marks in in its positioning flexibility. I have it sitting on top of a file cabinet, but I can't adjust it so that it aims downwards. In stead I have to prop up the fan base in the back to aim it in the right direction. Not a biggie, but somewhat inconvenient.
 Excellent fan!  I also have the larger one.  They work great
 Small but mighty
 Surprising strong fan.<br/>Tilts at up to 45 degrees.
 Cute and modern fan ..love the size doesn't take up a lot of space.
 The biggest argument in our daily minyan (Jewish prayer service) is the temperature.  Our Rabbi suggested a fan, which I use every weekday.  Now my problem is limited to Sabbath and holidays.  It is quiet and effective.  I sit by a bookshelf in front of the fan.
 This is a great little fan that comes fully assembled.  Adjustable, very quiet and quite powerful.  I just bought a second one!
 I'm always hot, so this is a godsend.  My old fan burned out, and this one is way better
 Works great and very quiet.
 This thing blows.
 I bought this as a sleep aid. It has a very nice clean sound. As a fan, it has a surprising amount of power. I'm very satisfied with it.<br/><br/>Update: I've been using this fan for over 3 years. I still use it almost every day. Was definitely a solid purchase.
 I've purchased four of these fans over the years.  Two I gave as gifts because I love my two so much.  I've had mine for almost 3 years and they still work great.  Can't beat the price either. The fan is powerful and compact, so you can pack it away in the wintertime easily.
 I got two of these as my room stays very hot at any point in the day. These are wonderful fans. Woke up this morning having to turn one of them off for the first time my room was a little cooler.
 very nice
 Garbage. Broke after limited usage within a week. Exchanged it for a new one..that one broke within the first hour of use. Absolutely garbage! How this is #1 on Amazon I have no idea!
 It's louder than expected.
 This really isn't a strong fan. I bought it to replace a fb that worked intermittently, and I think this new one is actually worse.
 Nice and powerful although a bit loud.
 Bought one for the office and liked so much bought another for home. Three speeds and adjustable.
 These fans move some air. Have had one running none stop for months now and works great. For the price and performance you can't go wrong. Small and powerful. Purchased a second for another room.
 Perfect wind and noise level. I only wish the slots were smaller for fear of little fingers could get in there. We keep it up high for that reason, but it would be nice if we could keep in on the nightstand.
 Nice little fan.
 I know it's crazy to say you love your fan, but I really do love this one. Very powerful and super versatile. I'm ordering another.
 Bought this for my desk at work. It's surprisingly quiet and just what i needed for on top of my desk. Powerful little fan!
 Great size for desk and not as noisy as some others
 Love that something so small cooks so well. Great for beside a bed or recliner. It is hard to clean though. Any suggestions?
 we use this for my dog's crate and it blows very strong. So far so good.
 I bought this to circulate air in my classroom. There was not nearly enough power. Didn’t even feel a breeze.
 I bought 2. The one I gave to my mother worked perfectly. I still haven't taken mines out the box to use it. But I truly hope its in great condition &amp; works just as well as the one I gave my mother...
 Great for small ofice or bearoom for "white noise"<br/>quite quiet
 Love this fan!!! Use it nightly!!! Amazing price too!!!
 Good fan but a little noisy.  But, it just keeps going and going.  I used for a season and then passed it to my daughter and she's used it all this summer and is very happy with it.  Light weight and small size is nice as you can place it on a counter, dresser, end table, etc.  Puts out a good amount of air.
 loved the fan. quiet yet powerful. plan to purchase again.
 Quiet, pushes a great amount of air around, and very small. Love it!
 Not as powerful and loud as my previous fans of the same make and model.  I use mine for noise while I sleep and this one isn't loud enough.  I bought the same model as I had because I thought I thought it would sound the same.  Honeywell must be buying the motors from a different Chinese factory.
 THIS FAN IS A PIECE OF JUNK. FAN POOPED OUT ON ME AFTER A FEW MONTHS. DON'T BUY IT!!
 Quiet and economical! Run 24/7  in my camper to circulate air!
 Not only a great price but great product and powerful for its size.
 Great fan for my desk at work. I keep it on low because medium and high settings would be.too loud. Low setting still has a strong amount of air and is quiet enough.
 powerful little fan to ward off global warming
 Great fan, with strong air flow
 So I bought this fan for my work space. The price was great. It does what it's supposed to do - big difference in temp. I'm sure it would be a great addition to the home as well with the 2 higher speeds because it has some awesome circulation power. just get it if your looking at it. you'll be glad you did, in my opinion :)
 Great fan, had to buy a second one!
 Quiet and it circulates air nicely.
 Didn't even last 3 months!
 its okay for airing my hair after taking a shower, it should be small enough to take to the office as a personal fan, its a little loud when you crank it up because of the grill design.
 My last one went for about 2 years of constant use without any real problems. When they die though, they die noisily. Effective and fairly inexpensive.
 It was cheaper ordering it than getting it at Walmart. Powerful fan. Helps save money on electricity.
 Couldn't live without this little fan!  Bought this during the winter and do you know that you can not buy a fan in Arizona in the winter!!!? Sorry my hot flashes last all year!!!  Anyway, it was priced well, shipped fast and I was and still am a happy camper!!!<br/><br/>It's not bad looking either and very compact!<br/><br/>Thanks,<br/><br/>Mary Ann Schmelz
 I use this every night- is not as loud as I was hoping (my neighbors are fraternity boys), but still drowns out some noise. Functions perfectly fine; no issues.
 Works like a charm
 Very underpowered high speed feels like it's on low not happy
 Love this little think, I just order a second one, it is almost noiseless, and provides good air circulation...:D
 It is much smaller than I thought it would be, but it is very powerful, and even on the lowest setting, I have no trouble feeling the wine from a distance. It's not very loud, either.
 Small fan that does the job
 This is the best fan I have ever had. I've only had it a day. But for its size, it moves air really well. It's quiet too. I love it!
 Run it everyday at work. Not noisy but loud enough to provide background noise.
 The best little fan ever!1 Works great
 Great product to pack with you to hotels for white noise. Small but powerful! Great for RV as well!
 Great small fan. It is not as fast as the previous one I bought. Not sure why that is.
 Very powerful for it's size. I use it on stage at gigs with my band. Cools things down under the hot stage lights. The low-key black color, and small sleek profile, keep things looking professional.
 It's too quiet and there's it's blows like a soft kitten... I was so disappointed I got sold by the poem review lol but large large man must of been drinking  .. jk but seriously the fan sucks.
 Perfect little fan and very quiet.
 Positives: affordable, multiple (3) speed and angle settings, well constructed, adequate cord length (subjective)<br/><br/>Negatives: weak fan speed<br/><br/>Questions: Durability - past models have been very durable (my previous one lasted 8 years).<br/><br/>When purchasing a fan, your main concern is most likely fan speed. This fan fails in that department. However, I don't know how well other $15 fans perform. Although I did not purchase the fan solely on Honeywell's creative name (TurboForce Fan, HT-900), I would contend that the name is an inaccurate representation.
 Great fan. Works well.
 Great little fan. Pretty powerful considering the size.
 It cools my whole dorm room and doesn't create too much noise.
 It is not as good as the HT-800. It appears the newer HT-900 fan blades are 25% smaller. IMO it is not worth the $12 dollars.
 The fan worked great but lasted only 5 months in a clean office space. Problems started about two months ago but it held firm until last week. I’m guessing the bearings need to be cleaned and lubricated.
 This fan is perfect, compact &amp; love the way it pivots, the only challenge is trying to clean the blades of dust and hair, which I have yet to figure out, otherwise, I would give it 5 stars.
 Great fan at a cheap price.
 I used to have this fan back in college &amp; I'm so glad that I repurchased it. Just what I needed on my vanity. Makes my morning routine a breeze because it gets terribly hot in my room during summer days.
 I bought 3 of these fans and I've been able to make good use of all of them!  I used to work with heat presses so these fans were a life saver to have around the room.
 I use this thing under my desk for extra ventilation. It puts out quite a bit of air. Not loud either...
 for the size and price, they do a great job, much better than the larger ones I bought for almost twice the money
 this little fan (the 11 inch model) really exceeded my expectations for this price bracket and size! it moves air very well, and its noise level is perfect for anyone who realizes the value of good old-fashioned white noise. all in all, i consider this a great purchase - and i have no doubt that you will also!
 Looks cheap? Yes, but it puts out adequate air without whooshing noise. If you want hurricane air, then you get the noise. I'll take the quiet breeze.
 This is an awesome powerful little fan<br/><br/>Small but quite strong.  Easily adjusts to different angles.  Its easy to place anywhere around you<br/><br/>An effective little product well worth the price
 COMPACT WIND MACHINE,3 SPEEDS,GOOD TILTING ALSO,WASHED IT IN SINK,USEING SPRAY NOZZLE,LET IT DRY OVER NITE,WAS CLEAN,AND STILL WORKS GREAT..
 Works well but much less powerful than the ones we bought a few years back.
 THIS FAN.
 Light weight,  fits anywhere,  puts out a lot of power
 Very good basic fan, gets moved a lot as I am working on projects.
 I was really suprised at how much air it pushes. Great price, I'd def buy it again
 bought on july 7 2016..hardly got used and just stopped working less than a year later. don't bother....this is NOT the old school honeywell  ...it is just junk~
 Works great. Blows a lot of wind. Can be loud at times depending on the speed of the fan
 Very good fan speed; also on the quiet side. Best for smaller rooms - i.e home office, BR, dorm room, etc
 Very good fan speed; also on the quiet side. Best for smaller rooms - i.e home office, BR, dorm room, etc
 small size with powerful motor
 Good Product
 This is the best little compact fan. I have been running it pretty much 24/7 since I purchased it. It is quite and powerful.
 Awesome.
 thought it would have more air movement
 Great fan for the money.
 Small and reasonably powerful, this fan is great on medium sized computer desks with a one monitor setup. There is a decent amount of sound that will come out if you leave it on high, but this isn't something that bothers me.
 Makes a horrible sound after about a month of nightly use.
 It blows!
 Surprisingly this fan stopped working after only about 6 months!
 Great for white noise! Block almost ever other noise out! Great size fits on my dresser! Air is great very cooling make a difference in your room i use this in additional of my ceiling fan
 It's powerful for it's size and pretty quiet. It is pretty small though and you have to have it close to you to feel it much.
 It is very quiet and perfect for what I needed it for.
 So happy with this little beast. I've had it for a long time and actually have it wall-mounted next to the treadmill. It isn't too loud and moves a lot of air.
 Very high quality. Very powerful.
 Very powerful small and inexpensive fan. I use 2 and stay cool even during my hardest workouts.
 This fan is small ,quiet and works pretty good circulating
 I can't say it is outstanding! But it is ok if you choose to use it for a small area. It can b used as a personal fan.
 Cool breeze with 3 level of flow.  Very nice, great price.
 Cool breeze with 3 level of flow.  Very nice, great price.
 Perfect for my office and bigger than I expected. My coworker has the exact same fan and spent way more at Target. I thought I was getting the smaller version and this baby popped up on my doorstep. Very reliable and keeps me cool on the lowest setting! I haven't even tried the 2 highest speeds yet.
 Great price, product, shipping.  Chickens love the fans.
 Worked well for two days then stopped working. Bummer.
 This model are sturdy and lasts forever.
 Small with good air flow. If you like a fan for the noise, this one mayyy not make enough noise. Just something to consider.
 I bought these fans for my massage business and have them on &amp; running probably 20-30 hours a week. I have had to replace all three fans once after only having them for a year. I wish they lasted longer because they really are great fans!
 there is a reson this fan is an amazon best seller. Its perfect.
 Excellent and very quiet
 Great little fan. Bought this to move air around in garage while running on treadmill. This little fan does the trick. Very quiet so you can hear TV while running. So far very pleased.
 This fan was great, until it stopped working. I think I used it for 3 months and then one day it wouldn't turn on anymore.
 great fan, small and quiet and moves a lot of air
 Thanks
 Good fan I use in my cube at work. Its powerful and not to loud. Would buy again.
 Average fan, not so strong, even in its highest setting, the wind is kinda weak.
 We have had several of these fans. They are a nice size fan for travel or home use. Perfect for sleeping.to block out noise. They are long lasting.
 It was DOA. I could get it to slowly turn if I wiggled to cord. I definitely concur other reviews that previous models were made a lot better.
 Good deal
 I purchased the fan to augment the cooling in my living room that receives a lot of radiant afternoon heat.  The fan puts a lot of air movement into the precise direction pointed.
 For the price, you can't beat it.  Can't really tell a difference between this and the Vortex that I also have...except the price.  Quiet for the amount of air it moves.  It's certainly not silent, but nothing like a regular fan.  I bought a second after liking the first so much.
 Small, compact, and not relatively quiet.  No problem sleeping with this fan going all night. Very directional as expected.
 Works great, not too loud, and I love that you can adjust the angle of the fan. Will be ordering more for summer. Powerful for the size.
 This is a perfect personal fan! Love this thing I have it on my desk during the blistering summer heat in California.
 Love this fan it’s portable light and works amazing at what I wanted it for the only down fall is I wish it could go faster! But everything else is perfect so<br/>Far
 When I ordered this I just needed a replacement for my old little fan.  What I didn't expect was how much better it was than what I paid for.  If you're having doubts about it because of the price, don't.  It's worth the money and then some.
 This Honeywell HT-900 is a perfect solution for a small or large space. It moves the air like you wouldn't believe. We have ours in the kitchen to blow all the excess  heat. Perfect!!!!!
 excellent price  works great
 Maybe I should have read the reviews and/or description better but this is not a very strong fan.  If I had ordered it for my office, I probably would have been happier with the purchase but I ordered it for my bedroom.  If you are looking for a fan that really moves some air and provides a nice white noise in the process, this is not the fan.
 It is exactly what I needed. Quiet but effective in cooling a room. My new small rental does not have ceiling fans and we are in Florida. I have one of these in the living room and one in the bedroom and they work great.
 Bought this fan for the bedroom when I sleep. It's a little louder than I would like on the lowest setting. Still puts off a lot of air for its size, even on the lowest setting.<br/><br/>Great fan... Could be a little quieter.
 One of the two fans I ordered only 4 months ago is already not working. It won’t turn on at all. That’s ridiculous after only a few months of use.
 It is a pretty powerful fan for the size and price.  Perfect for a straight direct air flow.  I would recommend.
 Great fan for the price. Pretty quiet.
 Nice fan, quiet, and has plenty  of power.  I use it to circulate the cool air around my house.  I bought two.
 One of 2 that we ordered was defective.
 works!
 I bought this in march. It was dead by August. Ive had good experiences with Honeywell in the past, so maybe this was a one off.
 It has very good power and pushes the air around with quite a bit of force. The downside of this is that the hum of the fan is a little louder than I'd prefer. However, for the price, I believe the trade off to be worth it overall. It comes down to what you need the fan for.
 This has the best flow of air of any fan I have ever purchased.  In fact, so much so that I bought 2 more, one for work, one for bedroom, one for frontroom.  I use them in lieu of the AC when AC is a little overkill.
 Pretty basic fan, motor started squealing about two weeks after I got it and it hasn't worked since.
 great little fan
 Good fan. Does what it's advertised to do. Nice and quiet as well. Good value.
 Love it!
 very good!
 WOW...who measures a fan by the size of the box??? That's rhetorical btw!!!!  stupid Honeywell. The fan opening is 8". Which makes this an 8" fan. Period.
 In the past, I had success with this fan.  This one stopped working after 3 months. My elderly father is very disappointed. I wanted to return. It but I do not see a warranty.
 Perfect - thank you! No more Vornados for me.
 Works very well, and quietly.  I used it to make a portable air conditioner out of a styrofoam cooler.  Works great!
 Was no that strong of a gust
 Bought this fan February 2015. It has been running nonstop in my dog/mancave for 3 years now, Ill post another review if it ever stops.
 Pleased
 Don't waste your money, high speed feels like low speed thought it was defective so they sent me a brand new one. Still the same problem....... if your using this can for a super tiny area it's perfect otherwise speed extra money on something else.
 I had a tower fan that started to have an intermittent rattling that was driving me crazy, when I shopped around to replace it I found this gem.  It's a nice sturdy fan that's relatively quiet and it's about a quarter of the cost of a tower fan.
 I left it on 24/7. It lasted 15 weeks. So I figure I got 2,500 hours of use. Not bad for the price!
 This is an awesome little fan. I can feel it on the lowest setting even a good 10 feet away.
 nice little fan, very quiet
 Low power but cheap.
 Needed a smaller fan to go up on the top bunk in my kids room. I'd have loved a fan of this size that could clip on, but we're making due with this. Good air flow.
 Works absolutely wonderfully. No complaints and it's been working well for quite a while now. I wish it had a little lower speed but it's not that bad. Pretty quiet overall.
 Will be returning this item hoping the overwhelmingly strong chemical odor that I inhaled from it wasn't harmful.  It may be "25% quieter," but it's 100% unwelcome due to its horrid chemical stink.
 Will be returning this item hoping the overwhelmingly strong chemical odor that I inhaled from it wasn't harmful.  It may be "25% quieter," but it's 100% unwelcome due to its horrid chemical stink.
 I have next to the bed. It is on every night.  Not to noisy but just enough to sleep.  Does a great job.
 Works great
 Best little fan for the money, have three of them currently, one on the bedside and the others are on my desk at work and at my office. They usually get a good 1-2 years before needing either major cleaning or replacement.
 Bought in Nov 2014.  Dead in June 2015.  Not the quality standard I expected from a Honeywell product.  Plus, it costs $10 prepaid to return the product.  I bought a fan for $2 at a yard sale that's lasted 2X as long.  And who is KAZ?  That's who you ship defective product to.  Buying from Amazon is getting to be like a box of chocolates.
 Although it's louder than I expected, I can run it on low since it moves air so well. I use it in my office, which is about 15 by 15 feet. It works well in there.
 Piece of garbage broke after a month of use. Won't even turn on. Burning smell. Do not buy!
 Can't beat the value.  Very powerful.
 I love this fan, it is quiet, does a great job of cooling the area, and didn't cost much.  Very pleased with this purchase.
 I have this sitting on my desk at work. It doesn't take up much room on my desk and is extremely quiet and pushes out plenty of air.
 The 11 inch size include the base of the fan not the actual blades, it's about 9 inches. Okay for personal used on the highest (3) setting, and on the lowest (1) setting you can barely feel the air.
 Works well! Easy to move around! Great as white noise as well.
 Just what I needed for my desk in the office. My daughter has the same fan in her room for her personal use, and we love it.
 Little louder than I thought it would be but other then that, this thing is great, plenty of air circulating, love the fact that it can be adjusted to face directly up, good solid build, hopefully it lasts as long as I want it too!
 The fan is great and pushes a lot of air.  I originally but it for work but it was a little loud.  I ended up using this in my dining room to help keep my laptop and myself cool.  I would buy it again.  Great fan especially if you need something small.
 This fan does. -yoda
 perfect
 not much power
 Amazing for 9 bucks!
 perfect for my hot flashes sits on my night stand perfectly
 very good fan
 I love that this fan is so cheap and lasts forever. Buy 5
 got this for the office. It's quite, small and very cold. If you talk on a phone it sounds like your in a car with some headsets. Works fine when I hold my phone but not for Bluetooth headsets that are extra small.
 Runs very quit
 I use for exhaust of cigarette smoke. Quiet and has great power.
 A lot smaller than expected but works miracles!<br/>doesn't take up much space but powerful enough for me to not have to turn on on the a/c.<br/>definitely worth the money but just wish it had a rotating feature.
 I bought this fan over 6 months ago and it is still going strong. Good buy.
 I bought this fan for some CLEAN white noise while I sleep. I literally got so angry in the middle of the night that I through it across the room. It makes all kinds of funny random noises, and sounds like the blades are wobbling inside. Tried to put a padded surface underneath it to lower to noise, but it still drove me crazy.
 After a few days of use its started making a weird screeching noise. Other then that it still runs pretty good.
 Love this fan.  I have two now.  Wish they hadn't made it quieter as we use it for white noise to sleep, but medium and high are loud enough to work.
 nice little fan works great
 Awesome little fan! And fairly quiet! Perfect for next to our bed.
 Very nice fan, is fairly quiet with good airflow for it's smaller size.<br/>It has, I believe, four fan speeds and is simple to operate.
 Great air flow and very quiet. I bought this to use for subtle white noise in the bedroom and it's perfect. Not too loud on the lowest setting while still moving plenty of air.
 Moves a lot of air and is pretty quiet doing it. I mounted it to a wall in a basement where there is not room for a ceiling fan.
 Great little fan. I have bought like 3 of them so far. I leave them running all night nonstop and they last a good while. I literally use it until the motor dies...haha. But you can't beat the price. =)
 Sent this to my son who is in Japan. Small fan that is perfect for his dorm room desk.
 IT noisy , and not strong after 1 month using.
 Very good for a small inexpensive fan. Buy it now!
 I keep it in my bed on hot nights I lOVE it
 Arrived on time, it could have had more bowing capacity but over all I'm pleased.
 I'm sitting here right now with it right next to me. Just turned it off because it started getting chilly! I'm completely amazed at the range this little devil can reach and the potency it slaps your face with gaseous heatquench. Got it for a really good discount and it's yet to disappoint me.
 Great little fan for a good price
 We got this to provide white noise for my toddler's bedroom.  I was worried that it would be too quiet for the purpose seeing the other reviews, but it was just fine on high!  We installed it high on the wall on its side.  Works quite well.
 Very powerful and surprisingly quiet.  It's not "office quiet" on high speed but on low and even medium quiet enough for the office.  On high it really moves the air and cools you down very quickly.
 We run this fan every night and it has functioned perfectly. It gives off the perfect amount of noise and air to soundly sleep
 Excellent fan. A little on the loud side so I have trouble hearing the baby monitor over it.
 I was strangely surprised at how well this works. Love it and its a perfect size for my dorm room.
 seems sturdy and well built! It has been running now for couple of days none stop and it is holding up.
 Great little fan. I have it under my desk at work, plenty of air flow even on low speed. Keeps my balls dry.
 Great little fan. I have it under my desk at work, plenty of air flow even on low speed. Keeps my balls dry.
 Fine for a few months. Then when you turn it on and it takes minutes for it to start. Also will turn off and on randomly. Very disappointed with product.
 The product is okay for my purpose, which is to help keep my computer from overheating. But, don’t ever use ONTRAC to ship anything to me in the future. EVER!!
 works great! Recommend purchase.
 best fan i ever use for the price.  lots of power.
 good
 Works well. After using it every night for a year it's slowly starting to gain a little squeak, but it still does the job. It's loud enough to be white noise, without keeping you up, which I love.
 This fan is small and powerful, very happy with it!!!  Got it so fast!
 perfect little fan, could be a little more powerful, but can't complain for the price<br/><br/>****edited my review to add that it only lasted 6 months before it quit working
 What a perfect fan for the space I have works great especially for the price...
 its an inexpensive fan. have had a few. don't expect it to last forever.
 Honeywell  HT-900 used to be an 0.6A fan.  The new ones 0.25A, not as good as the old ones. 25% quieter but 50% less air. Need to change the name if you change the product. Nothing turbo about this fan now.
 Turbo force power is a misconception. On the highest setting, it doesn’t even equal the lowest setting on one of my other fans. Highly disappointed!
 this summer we had an unusually hot season.  For the first time I had to buy a couple of fans.  One for my bedroom and a second for the living room.  This fan is great for a small room but not for a family room or larger area.
 Perfect and exactly what I was looking for. This quiet little fan really pushes the air around nicely. We use it in our upper hall. Great product.
 works very well! i had it on for a long time without turning off (summers here are brutal) and it worked wonders!
 A life saver on a hot summer day! This fan is super portable and powerful, and I find it to be very quiet. The base also allows it to balance in an open window, bringing in cooler air from the outside. Seems sturdy and like it will last a long time.
 Great for white noise! Drowns out noise, but not to loud. These are our favorite fans to use for white noise because they are small and produce the perfect volume. Highly recommend.
 Fast delivery!  Great product, this fan is perfect for bedrooms... very happy!
 Desk fan.
 This is a nice fan for a small area.  The turbo is not so turbo but good enough for a breeze.  It is not going to blow your hat off.  The tilt funciton is very nice and the different speed settings are enough vareity.  Overall a ver good fan for the price.
 I have two of these.  One has been running for several months in a bathroom that was built without an exhaust fan.  The other is in our gym.  No troubles from either after several months of in one case continuous use.
 Good power. Not too loud. Sturdy and compact. Nice desk fan.<br/><br/>Difficult to clean though.
 I’ve had these fans before. I love them. Can put on wall, table etc.  Speeds are well differentiated.  Only con: hard to clean without micro-tool.  Amazon BEST w/shipping. ❤️👌
 The only reason I gave this one star was because when I received the product it was opened and had dirt all over it. Looks like someone used it and hadn’t cleaned it for years.
 If this isn't listed as an Amazon favorite something's wrong. It's my go-to fan.
 Excellent fan, love the different speeds.  Have had this for over a year without any problems.
 Nice powerful little fan, quiet too. Great for rooms that don't have alot of room for a floor fan.
 It doesn't work.
 Awesome nifty little fan. One wish I had is that it had a lower setting. It has 3 settings and they are all pretty intense. Packs a lot of punch for such a little guy.
 Awesome nifty little fan. One wish I had is that it had a lower setting. It has 3 settings and they are all pretty intense. Packs a lot of punch for such a little guy.
 Bought this for a small fan to use in the bedroom for the noise when sleeping. The sound is just what I wanted and it keeps the room cool.
 It may not be the most powerful fan, but it is REALLY quiet! I had bought a Coolmaster that looks very similar, but is way too noisy. If you are seeking a quiet fan, this is the one.
 Excellent fan for the size
 I used these fans for just over 1 year and they decided to stop working. ALL 3 within 2 months of each other!! Dead!
 Amazing. Very powerful little fan. Great for desktops
 A little to quite for my liking as I use fans for white noise. As far as how it works functionally its great.  It moves a lot of air.
 I'm not sure if this is energy efficient, but it is better than running the AC. Fan is reasonably quiet on lowest setting and moves a lot of air.
 This thing is incredibly quiet and strong.
 Guareteed to blow you away!!
 Lifesaver in this 3-digit weather.  What ac won't do - this does.  I can sleep again and my computer stays cool.
 Exactly what I wanted at a great price.
 Best fan I've ever owned and I have 3 of them now.  We bought this one to mount on the wall in the laundry room and it  makes a remarkable difference.  Little fan, HUGE performance.
 Works great, puts out a decent amount of air for an inexpensive fan.
 Not much air should have gone bigger
 This little fan packs a mighty punch. Being from an exceptionally hot state means super hot nights in the summer and this little fan is the perfect combination of air and noise for a blissful nights sleep!
 Well this fan is worthless to me anyways!  Very quiet.... But, it does not kick off any air... What was I thinking for $12.98?  Good for a desk if you want quiet and low volume.
 WHY BOTHER? I have no idea why people gave this fan great reviews-waste of money, and time. I would Love my money back.
 Very powerful for its size, great price. Not too loud. Good for bedroom, doesn't blow too hard but keeps air moving.
 stopped working completely, exactly 4 days my return window is closed.
 It is great for white noise to drown out outdoor noises.  If you want a quiet fan, this is not the one to get.  I wanted something loud enough to sound like an air conditioner and it does.
 This little fan packs a punch. Just by blowing air alone, it beats my air conditioner and ceiling fan. Can blow horizontally and vertically, I like the versatility. Great for the price, good buy.
 Worked about 2 months.
 Quiet, efficient, inexpensive table fan. Comparable to Vornado
 I have a wood stove in my living room, this fan is perfect for moving hot air from my living room down my hallway to the rest of the house.  Highly recommend!!!
 i use this to create white noise while i sleep. its great
 Lifetime of this product is max 4 months (At least for me). Power control knob is not working as it was on day 1. I have to sit and keep adjusting (left and right) till the fan starts. Once it starts, speed goes up and down. Most of the times it will stop and start on its own.
 Small, quiet, works as expected.
 For our bedroom window. Fits in ledge perfectly and keeps a nice cool breeze blowing all night long.
 a great little product. i've had one of this model for 6 years, use it constantly even for white noise for sleeping...and it runs and runs. it's still going. other fans poop out after a year or so. excellent product.
 Hot is balls in my office and it cooled me down. Left it on overnight and was afraid it would burn out. But nope it was ticking.
 The fan is a little loud, but not too bad. It does what it is advertised to do and cools down my 2nd floor room under a metal roof. It will be a nice compliment to my Air Conditioner this summer, which is what I bought it for.
 This is a great desk fan!! go ahead with this seller too!
 Worked fine for 3 months, then gradually started to lose power. Now it continues to spin, but has almost zero power.
 Does what it's supposed to. I let it run all day in my office with no issues.
 Smaller than I expected but is super quiet and a very well made product. Durable thick material and is great for cooling off a small space.
 Quite, strong, easy to set up. Everything I needed.
 Whhhiiirrrrrrrr
 This was a good choice! Really like it!
 You wont find a better personal office fan at this price.
 I was impressed with how well it works for its size. It's pretty small. But it gives plenty of force and it's not bad looking, and also gives the perfect amount of white noise IMO but I'd say it's quiet for a fan of this type.
 It's small, sturdy and very quiet.  This is not a desk fan, perfect room fan
 I have an old, large version of this Honeywell fan that has lasted at least 10 years. These smaller ones tend to last about a year. Replacing every 12 months is not my idea of a simple electronic product.
 Previuos model lasted several years. Turned it on tonight and it would not turn.<br/>Would not recommend. Will not buy again.
 great
 It's a nice compact design, and is very quiet, but does not blow a lot of air. The "high" setting is what I'd consider a medium.
 It's not a huge fan or anything, but it spins pretty good and does a decent job keeping the space I'm in bearable.
 just a personal fan, but its what I wanted
 A force of turbo, indeed.
 Poor quality airflow and stopped working after less than 2 months! Do not buy
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Honeywell-HT-900-TurboForce-Air-Circulator-Fan-Black/dp/B001R1RXUG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Honeywell HT-900 TurboForce Air Circulator Fan, Black</a> I've had two white Honeywell fans just like this black one and they've lasted more than a dozen years with no problems.  The black one is very pretty and hopefully it will last as long as the older white ones.
 It's a fan. It blows air in my general direction as I write this review. It's pretty quiet, but loud enough to be useful as a white noise generator.
 Works perfect
 I love this fan, its perfect for its size, its been running faithfully almost non stop for quite awhile now without any issues... seriously, cant beat it!
 I would give this fan a 0 if it was an option, very misleading they say Turbo Force well I have it on my night stand about 6 inches from my face and can barley feel it!!! Very disappointed!!! Don’t buy!!!
 Basically silent on low setting...I've bought 5 total and they run 24/7...no problems
 I had to send it back, it lasted 1 day.
 LIFESAVER at work!  Small footprint on desk, lots of power and quite.
 This item was more powerful than I expected. I will buy it again
 very nice
 very nice
 perfect
 Ordered this in June, use it 5-6 days a week, at night.  In the last 2 weeks it has been making odd noises, stopped running and is having surges where it goes on and off.  Disappointed that it only lasted 5 months.
 Does get dusty quickly, but is easy to clean.
 This is like having a portable central air conditioner!!! It made our cabin so comfortable. Will be buying another one for my office!!!
 Powerful little fangot one for myself and my brother to bring to college works great
 Great for the price point.
 I use it at work all the time. Keeps me cool in the summer and is so quiet you forget it's there.
 Bought this for the office which is a sweater about 9 months out of the year. I can't turn this thing up above medium without needing a sweater. Super quiet too for the strength. Very compact. As I said I keep it on my desk.
 Lightweight and portable. Easily follow from place to place. Quiet and running for long periods. Handy.
 great bang for the buck!
 Good wind force- great for our home gym!
 Use this fan daily in my office, it is fantastic. Pretty powerful for a little guy!
 I loved this fan so much that I bought a second one, however the second one arrived and looked great but unfortunately did not work.
 Good for summer days, good force, ideal for small rooms or desk area.
 This is a nice fan. I purchased one, after a few days of use, liked it so much, bought another. It's powerful, quiet, and compact. And for $13, it can't be beat.
 Button is stiff and located in an inconvenient place (at back of fan). Makes a little bit of noise but blows nicely.
 Perfect little fan that you can take with you on the go. 3 speeds and can be adjusted up and down.
 Fantastic air flow for such a little fan. Really great buy for under $12.
 Grear price
 Great quality for its price
 Nice little fan, thought the front screen would rotate like a true oscillating fan but seems to work just fine and less moving parts will probably end up being better.  Using it for keeping condensation from gathering on  the windows.
 good product (little noisy)
 I ordered 2. One works great. Less than a year later the motor on the second stopped working. My last fan lasted 8 years.
 Great airflow, pretty powerful fro its size.
 Worst fan ever. You can only feel the fan if it is right up to your face..... I ordered 2 they both function the same.dont waste your money.
 I purchased this item at Amazon and a cheap price I would not recommend this fan at all I used it three times  I am at the fort time I was going to use it didn’t turn on
 I can't imagine a better fan in this size. AWESOME desk fan
 Quiet and powerful but much smaller than what I anticipated. This is more ideal for a desk or bedside.
 Small and quiet
 I love to have a fan gently blowing on me while sleeping no matter the weather. Perfect amount of noise. Very soothing and relaxing.
 Very quiet and powerful. Great for pulling in cool air during the summer, and pushing out smokey air when I burnt stuff before Christmas!
 Excellent fan
 So I bought one of these for work, and all was fine and dandy. Good little fella for the price. Tries hard. But then I ordered a second, for my home, and it arrived in no packaging. They literally slapped a sticker on the box and threw it in the mail. Then the postman decides it a good idea to leave it on the porch. In the rain. In no box. 4 stars - not waterproof.
 The fan is quiet, compact and extremely powerful for its size! You can't ask for a better fan and at that price it's a steal!
 Pushes some major air quietly
 Nice for direct-stream cooling. Also a decent "white noise" fan for finicky sleepers. :)
 Excellent, pretty quiet, lots of wind :)
 Fantastic price for a very powerful fan for its size. It is fairly quiet which is nice as I use it in my office.
 Works well yet do consider room size
 Perfect little desk fan.  Bought this as a 'white noise' fan for my husband.  He can only sleep with a fan on!  He takes this right on the road with him when traveling for work and staying in hotels.  I ended up buying a second one because now he has me used to the fan at night, so I also need one when he is gone!
 Excellent fan and quiet !
 This product blows literally. I didn't expect for this to blow that much air but it blows really well. Ended up buying one for my shed.
 Just smaller than I expected.  I thought that this was a full sized fan.  It works great for it's size.
 Works great moves air nicely
 Awesome! We easily attached to the wall in our kids' bedroom. It is light enough that I can just take it off one of the hooks to pivot the airflow left or right if needed.
 Love it.
 Great for the size
 Love this fan, very quiet and powerful!
 Powerful little fan - my wife used on her desk.  Has 3 speeds.
 It's pretty quiet if you're ordering for a white noise generator.
 This is a very basic fan for a decent price. It has three speed settings. It is very powerful and can move a lot of air. You can feel it even from far distance. The only complaint is that this fan is a little too loud even on lowest setting.
 Definitely not “TURBO FORCE” as they claim. It’s mediocre at best.
 Purchased and used for about 10 days.  Just stopped working one day during use but I had already thrown out all of the packaging to try and send it back.
 Is quiet and works as expected. It's small so it doesn't have a lot of force but it fits our needs.
 Quiet and long-lasting. This is the 2nd one in my home. I've had the 1st for over 2 years, working almost nonstop.
 This fan is small but mighty, great price. Definitely recommend.
 Broke after one use
 Great fan.  I have 2.
 This is a great fan... one of my only issues with it is probably not a problem to most people....  I use a fan to sleep and this one is actually TOO QUIET for that purpose...
 ran ғor 30 dayѕ/ nιgнтѕ тυrned ιт oғғ ғor 1 нr, тυrned ιт вacĸ on... noтнιng!!!! dead, worтнleѕѕ
 Very quiet might buy another!
 Great little fan. Just wanted something small and out of the way in the kitchen. Perfect.
 I LOVE THIS FAN!!!!
 I use this to keep fresh air circulated under a fitted boat cover.  The fan is stationary, so I can't speak to how it does with abuse.  It moves enough air to keep the condensation out from under the cover.  I would buy again.
 Very Satisfied, shipping was delayed due to some kind of technical issue, but product was just as described. Would have loved it if shipping had not been delayed.
 Used it one day and it stopped working. The fan made a noise until it just stopped working. This is the second one I have purchased. Will not buy this brand again!
 The fan has a solid base and the switch seems solid. Three speed settings are good and it is quite quiet. Good fan for the price.
 Quiet, yet very powerful. Just the right amount of white noise to drown out roommates walking down the hall and opening and closing their door.
 Have had for over 3 months to cool dorm; effective, relatively quiet and very compact. Lowest of three settings can be felt adequately 6 feet away, highest setting 13+ feet (circulates air well). Additionally, is flexible in tilting (90 degree range (pointing forward to pointing straight up)). Only wish the  power cord was slightly longer.
 The Honeywell TurboForce air circulator is a good fan because it uses less energy and is very quiet. The 3-speed option is convenient.  It looks pretty nice as well.
 Good small fan. Blows good for a small space
 Complete waste of money, dimensions are really small. The fans of hardly any use, will be helpful if you keep it right next to you. Keeping it even a little away from you makes it useless. Better to get the fans available in Walmart then buy this. Tried returning it, but had to pay 8$ return charge, So forced to keep it, but not gonna use it!
 This thing is a lifesaver at work. I put it under my desk and reach down to turn it on whenever I've been walking around in the summer heat. It's quite powerful but very compact, which is important to me because my cubicle doesn't have too much space.
 i've had several as they do wear out if used constantly, this one is very quite on low which is a nice change
 Quiet and can run for a long time, blows at a couple different speeds.
 Very nice fan. I bought this as a white noise maker for my son, but this new model is much quieter than the same fan I bought last year.
 Very powerful for it's size &amp; versatile I use &amp; placement including hanging.
 Quite and powerful
 This fan is small but really moves the air well and is not too loud.  I would buy again.
 Super powerful little fan! beyond excellent for this price, I will probably be picking up a few more.
 Love my little fan, has been running non stop for 8-9 months now because I enjoy it while I sleep. Decent air movement and not too terribly loud although I like the white noise.
 I don't think this fan is all that powerful, but I guess it's not so bad for a little fan.
 I wish that High speed had a little more oomph, but other than that very satisfied with this fan, especially for such a low price.  The fact that it can be tilted is also a nice feature.
 It moves a lot of air for its size and doesn't take up a lot of room in my travel trailer.
 Very happy with the fan. It was just what was advertised. It's not fancy or anything but it is three speed and well built at a great price
 Serves two purposes for me<br/>1. Throws powerful air without which I can't go to sleep.<br/>2. Act as a white noise which is what I needed.
 Perfect size for the price. I use it for local travel.
 Very sturdy and does a great job.
 The winds of Aseroth in my bedroom for 12 bucks. What's not to love?
 So good I purchase a second one
 Works great!
 This fan gives out alot of wind for being so small. It helps to keep my daughter cool at night. It is also quiet and stands up just fine.
 great little fan...use it in our gazebo (we have 2) to move the air. fast shipping.
 Fan I died after 6months. Contacted support they were will to replace it but I was responsible for shipping. 22$ which is 6 $ more than a new fan...
 These things blow a good amount of air for their size and price and they're not very loud as well. I ended up getting 3 of these and they're all working rock solid. Only downside is they don't isolate but I knew that before I got them so its still 5 stars.
 Great fan for the money.
 Bought this for my husband to put in his office at work.<br/>He's happy with it.
 This fan is really quiet and great for cooling a small space/room, great value for money and solidly constructed.
 Amazing, light, small and powerful. For a single room or one person this fan suits my needs and has been able to cool me off and not have to worry about keeping my game consoles from overheating
 Runs whisper quiet, but still moves air.
 It is a fan and it does the job. I push a button and the motor spins the blade which then cause hair to circulate in my cube. I have had it for over a year now and it works great.
 Exactly what I was expecting. Hopefully it lasts a while.
 Seriously this thing is amazing I have a 900 square foot apartment a 10000 BTU window air condition unit 2 of these fans and my apartment gets super cold
 Kind of loud, but it is compact, has nice power, and feels very stable.
 Yessss, great little fan.
 Awesome fan!
 works perfect
 Its January... bought in October. Already stopped working.
 It cools ever so nicely.  my family room is 24x12 and it keeps it nice and cool.  We love it so much we ordered 2 more for our bedrooms.  This is one of the best fans ever.
 I did not check there were two variants of size for the fan. I bought a 11’inch one, it looks more like a toy than a fan, may be can use as a personal fan at office. Double check the size you choose while buying.
 Love this lil fan. Circulates air well and can be wall mounted on wall as there are slots for it. Wall, table or floor.
 great small fan
 You can  barely hear this fan! It's perfect for an office setting.
 Great fan for the buck
 Quick delivery, item works great.
 This is a beastly little fan for the price. I compare it to Master Yoda in Star Wars... do not judge it buy it's size, it really packs a powerful punch. I have 3 of these and they last a long time!
 this small fan blows more air than any other fan in my entire house. this little thing rocks and its wall mountable I usually have to leave it on the slowest setting to keep it from blowing paper or very light objects around.
 It is exactly as listed. Helped cool down my small office when the building didn’t have air conditioning
 Good price good work and the size as I want it small but strong
 great price!! fan is strong
 Great, quiet little fan for the price. Not silent, but quiet enough. Pushed a fair amount of air for the size. I have a couple and use them in my office or wherever I need to stir a little dry Albuquerque air. Would by again without question.
 came quickly and it works as they say it does what it's suppose to
 Good personal fan for the money. I have it in my windowless office at work. I feel like I'm on a tropical paradise island with this thing blowing on me.
 This is my 3rd one. My daughter commandeered the first, the second burned out after running continuously for 2 years.
 Works good, hope this will last longer than the other one of which I am going to try and repair, it only lasted 2 years
 Love these. I want more. I will get more! I make sure they point in a direction that will circulate the cool air and circulate it does! Powerful little fans.
 It gets the job done very well.
 Very powerful for its size.  I love it!
 AC broke so Honeywell to the rescue!!!  Doesn't overheat (I think I left it on the entire night once) like other competition fans.  They should make similar sized-fans with C batteries.
 The fan works great and I particularly like the placement on top of the control buttons.  We usually have the fan placed on the floor and the controls on top make it very easy to turn off/on, etc.
 so impressed i ordered another.<br/><br/>The cyclone that this little thing puts out is impressive; it scatters breeze throughout the room not just a cone in front of it like a box fan.
 Great for the price!
 This doesn't move enough air for the size. I had another that I used for almost 10 years that died that moved easily 3x the amount of air on high. Disappointing.
 Great fan. I use it more for sound while sleeping. It's not too loud but not too quiet. Would definitely recommend
 This is the best fan I've ever had! It has 3 settings and the power of this tiny device is unbelievable!! I have 2 of them and I recommend this to everyone!
 love it
 Small fan, but for 12 bucks it has 3 speeds and moves pretty good air
 Have it at my desk and live it
 Best little fan that we have ever had.  It is very quiet for a fan, and it puts out a lot of air for its size.
 This fan is HORRIBLE. It worked great for the first week and ever since then it makes a terrible noise . Sometimes the blades stop but makes a sound like it is still going . Granted it was only 11 bucks so it's not even worth trying to get my money back .
 I use it in the winter by pointing it upward towards my space heater. Great fan for the price!
 great smallish fan
 Great little fan for our daughters room!
 Great little fan! Take it with my on travel trips to use in hotels. Can't sleep without my fan white noise.
 It's a lot smaller than I thought it'd be but it's very powerful. I have it set at a distance and can feel its breeze very well. I love it.
 I really need small fan for my apartment and I can't ask more than this product. Recommended
 We like the fan. They have made it too quite. We liked the low humming of the older version.
 For a personal, desktop fan,  its got the force air design,  velocity of air movement.  Good buy,  it blows me away.
 Powerful and quiet! Will buy again
 Great fan! Its not too noisey its the perfect size fan for an office. The settings for air are good and I didn't think it would be that powerful. Im very pleased with my purchased, I would definitely buy it again.
 Nice for a smaller fan.  I use this to cool down the dog after a walk in hotter weather. It tilts nicely to adjust direction.  Three speeds.
 Great price ! I bought three of these fans and use them at night.
 This fan is dependable for many hours of operation and the price is right!  Over the last 15 years we've owned 3.  It runs 24 hours a day!
 this is my 2nd purchase.  i got my 1st one to keep at work and was really impressed with it.  got my 2nd one to replace a small fan i keep at home and it works great.
 Perfect size for my bathroom.  Works great
 It is quite powerful. It has three gears but little bit confusing to me with the "OFF - G3 - G2 - G1" design.
 Nice, quiet little fan but not very strong. Works well in a small room.
 Great little fan--quiet, adjusts easily, and has 3 speeds.
 Returned it today.  Fan is wimpy, nothing "turbo" about it.  I need it primarily for white noise.  So if you like a very quiet fan that really doesn't move much air...this is the fan for you!
 LOVE IT.
 Good Product<br/>Very nice product, works as well as advertised and seems to be of a high quality,<br/>Worth the price.
 I liked that they created good air flow and were not extremely loud. On the down side, they didn't even last a year :-(
 My boys did break the pivot lock on this fan.
 I have not been able to find a fan this size that moves the same amount of air as the TurboForce series. Plus, the price was right - at half here on Amazon compared to other major retailers. The downside is that since we use it constantly, it needs to be replaced almost exactly a year after being put into use.
 It's a reliable little table fan that makes a little more noise than it should. Shakes, and rattles as well which tells me it wasn't put together properly.
 I bought this a little over a month ago and it already has stopped working. I can hear it but the blades aren't moving. I threw away the box and everything included bc I didn't think I'd have a problem, but here we are.
 Very powerful little fan, my wife use it in her office, and she is very pleased. Staying Cool
 My fan doesn't work anymore I pulled in my fan and boom it stopped working. I ordered a replacement and I hope it doesn't take long because it's not my problem that this situation happend
 There's nothing turbo about this fan my 8 dollar walgreens fan blows harder and is half the size and makes half the noise
 Better than the 20$ lasko i bought on the same day on here.
 Engine blew out as soon as I turned it on.
 Wanted for white noise but no bueno. Oh well.
 Well Amazon said the fan is 11", but it's actually 7". Great attention to detail Amazon... It says it on the box...<br/><br/>But other than that it is a great little fan, nice and quiet.  Low rating because of the misinformation.
 It was okay but did not swivel the way i needed it too.
 After 4 months of use fan started making irritating noises
 I love being able to put it on a wall. Most fans do not have that option. Very powerful and sturdy
 great little fan and very good price for the quality
 Use it at work to keep cool, does its job well
 Its cool.
 Powerful and quiet (I sometimes forget to turn it off as I don't hear it when it's on)
 Love these fans!! I bought 4 of them to easily distribute around our house...portable because they are lightweight. They are actually quiet for the amount of air that they circulate.
 They would be great for a desk fan. Too small for much else
 Love it
 Quiet but weaker than expected.  Also doesn't tilt down, which can be a problem if mounted high.
 Works great!
 Super deal. Wish I had bought two at the price (under $12).  Would still buy again at current price.  Really moves the air.
 this little fan is awesome. I used it for work. The lowest setting does the job. I have another one for home. This little fan packs a punch. Very good buy.
 Great little fan!
 We use it to circulate the output from our humidifier around the room. Since the humidifier is taller than the fan, the fan's ability to tilt all the way back is quite useful!
 Quick delivery and much needed relief from the warm weather. Very quiet....
 Perfect
 Really quiet compared to our old one.
 My package came all banged up in the side and the tape was ripped off the top. Clearly was used.
 Pretty quiet too.
 Excellent fan! Have had it for a couple months and working as good as when I got it. Only thing that bugged me but isn't really an issue is that the power setting go High to low but that's not really anything. Great price for such a great fan.
 superb in an older home for bathroom with no air conditioner or heat vent.<br/>Also bathroom has no electrical outlet at all. This fan is great just outside the door blowing in to bathroom.
 I bought this to use in my military dormitory when it started to get warm and our AirCon broke down. Works fantastic at blasting air. Generates almost as much noise as a fighter jet, which I personally kind of like.
 Excellent small fan.
 Great fan needed one fast and this fan is definitely a winner portable and well made.
 Great solid fan.
 Nice cool air
 Have been happily using this fan for years. I think I have three in different houses. Quitter on the low speed compared to other small fans.
 Smells horrible - like toxic burning plastic.
 Powerful fan, but larger than I expected
 Great basic fan, works as expected...a little noise...but effective. great for a desk or night stand.
 very nice and quite running
 The best thing I bought all summer for my desk
 works as expected
 Husband uses this on his bedside table...works well.
 I bought these for my daughters room to block out sound, they are way too quiet
 Keeps medium sized rooms ventilated.
 I've yet to use this to blend pancake batter but 5 stars for cooling and overall function. As far as it being powered by fear, there is nothing to power this fan like fear itself. Well, that or electricity. That works great too.
 I've had this for a long time and and this is my second one because my brother stole my other one...
 This fan is perfect! Even though it is a small fan it produces a quite powerful and direct wind stream.
 Best little fan!
 nothing against the fan, bought the wrong size by mistake and being charged to return it and will cost almost as much as the fan. Just very disappointed!
 Works great with AC
 Great fan! Want to buy another!
 nice fan  works for what we needed it for
 quiet
 Bigger than expected but quiet and puts out a lot of air
 Great desk fan!
 I bought the fan because it is advertised as quiet. It works fine on low power, but rattles loudly on medium or high. I wouldn't buy again and I wouldn't recommend.
 It fit nicely on our bookshelf. We are surprised at the amount of air pressure it blows out. Good find.
 Squeaks at start up, but puts out good air. For 12 bucks it's a very good purchase.
 Love this fan. I had a cheap one I bought from walmart that was very loud. We comparing them, the cheap one on low was louder than this one on high, not much but definitely louder.
 This fan is not quiet enough for me. At least I cannot sleep when this fan working.
 Bought it for my desk at work, worked great since about mid Jan. Now it's July, the fan blades don't want to turn - have to give them a physical boost to get them moving. I've cleaned out the fan but no good. Won't be getting another.
 This really moves the air and is very quiet ! I've ordered a second one. Small but powerful, about a 9inch front opening. Lightweight and stable base.
 Not what I expected 😡
 So far so good, for a low price small fan like this, I cannot expect it to be a real turbo fan, but it puts out enough power.  No regrets.
 Only lasted 2 months with minimal use. Don't buy!
 I use this fan in the kitchen for when I am cooking/cleaning in there. It has helped a bunch since I got it. Can't imagine spending time in there without it now!
 Weak fan.  Can barely feel the breeze.  Not worth buying this model.
 Great little fan....plenty of power.  Not too loud but creates enough background noise to help my children sleep.
 My work pays $40 each for these and in bulk....what a deal here!
 Not a very efficient Fan.
 Just got this fan, it's not loud and provides a soothing white noise and ample air flow. Really love the ability to angle it without messing with the base, and it lightly locks in. Looking forward to much use!
 Cheap but very powerful! Made my room so much cooler in hot summer.
 Cools quickly, quietly and efficiently.
 Perfect for office.
 Best $14 I've ever spent. Sits perfectly on my desk, is quiet, and powerful. Ordered this from Amazon Warehouse. Fan is brand new, but original box was damaged. Fan was in perfect condition. Love it.
 Small,portable and moves air well BUT not very loud and that's why I bought this fan.The reviews implied it was loud,it is not.
 Great for a $14 fan.  I would say if I paid $18 I would still be happy.
 If you're looking for a fan that will burn out within a year this is the fan for you!
 I love my little fans I bought two and we have had some record breaking heat here in Hawaii so they have really been wonderful
 it's perfect
 Well, this fan just died and stopped working, four months after I bought it. Of course, on one of the hottest days we've had so far this year. Good times! I'd suggest not wasting your money and going with something other than this fan.
 Love these little fans!  Wow!  Now have three.  Great circulation. Really cools. Cheap price for the cooling!<br/>Instead of 71 degrees at night I keep it at 74.  Blows across large area.
 Quiet, forceful and durable.
 Great small fan.  I have bought a couple in the last few years.
 Great little fan. LOTS of air movement even on low.
 Smaller and not as powerful as expected.  Pretty quiet.  Would recommend use as a small desk fan or maybe for a dorm room.  Does not oscillate so a bit limited in it's use.
 How could you go wrong, thjere amazing
 Exactly what I was looking for. Great priced fan that puts out good wind for sleepy time~
 I bought this can because my friends have the same fan but mine had an annoying sound that disrupts my work. My friends fan didn't have this sound. I didn't return it because I needed it. Overall its a decent fan.
 My husband has to have "noise" when he sleeps, and this fan is perfect for that.
 i am using it in small office. it is very quiet and works without any problem
 Not very powerful at all. Doesn't have a good range. You need to be right in front of it to benefit from it. Too quiet to use as a white noise maker.
 We needed a small fan for our sons room an came across this one. It is perfect. It provides a little white noise but isn't to loud. We keep it on low most of the time and it pushes a light breeze into his room.
 works great with cardboard ducting as an external cooling fan for a desktop computer tower. More airflow with less fuss and bother than installing tiny fans inside the case.
 Fantastic product, met and surpassed my expectations. Quiet enough for the office, durable and powerful enough for home.<br/>I haven't used the medium or high settings yet, low is plenty powerful for my liking. Bought a second unit after only a few days of buying the first because it was such a good deal. You can't go wrong with this product.
 I need a fan to sleep and its not easy to find on in the store during winter in the north east of the states. So i got this one on line its a little too quiet for me but over all its ok
 Blows air good but the fan doesn't adjust down very well or 360. Also the button to adjust speeds is kinda hard to turn. Other than that it is quiet and forces some air out well.
 Nice fan, but as stated on other reviews;  Not as powerful as the HT-800.
 NICE LITTLE FAN.  QUIET.  REALLY HELPS WITH ENERGY COSTS.
 This is great for such a small size it moves a lot of air. My office gets the afternoon sun and gets hot but this moves the air and keeps it cool.
 Love it.
 Moves air, but not as much as I'd like.<br/><br/>Good for office desk but not good to air out a room.
 It does what it is supposed to do.  I use it under my desk at work to keep cool.
 Great fan for beside bed. Very quite on slow speed. Wind noise at higher speeds.
 The perfect room fan: quiet and powerful. I have several, at windows and at floor level to keep air moving, and my house stays very comfortable, where I haven't had to use the AC as much.
 Very good fan at a reasonable price. It has been a blessing at our trailer.
 Great little fan! It's pretty quiet and quite powerful! I used this in my NYC bedroom before the summer hit and it worked well to cool down the room before I had to use an AC. Highly recommend it and for the price, you can't beat it!
 perfect .....not to noisy and kicks up a lot of air
 So worth it.
 Must have! I can take it anywhere.
 This little fan moves give a great flow of air.
 I love the fan and use it every day by my desk. :) I normally only have to have it on low - it has a lot of power. Its decent looking and runs quietly.
 It stopped running on the third day, what a buy that was
 We own two Dyson fans, and still love this one, have for years. Every fan has its purpose, and this one excels where it's needed.
 We use this in the game room. Cools us down. Not to loud. It stays on 24-7
 I bought this fan as a noise generator and air circulator for our bedroom, which is on a busy street.  We had a similar version before that lasted for years but eventually died.  Only disappointment is that they now make it 25% quieter, and though in most cases that would be a positive feature, it is almost too quiet for my use.  However, it still does the job intended.
 Just as promised
 I have been very satisfied with this fan for quite some time now.  The sound is not very intrusive and it provides a pretty good stream of air for its size.  Sometimes I have to have it on for long stretches of time and it handles the task just fine.  I'm very happy I bought it.
 Small fan, works for some background noise.
 Works like a champ
 Purchased this for my office when my old fan died. Very powerful fan, almost to a drawback - the lowest setting is still very powerful, causing me to place it behind a monitor or something else in order to avoid the full force of the airflow.
 Kinda to small for what I needed and not a lot of air for cooling. But I'm sure it is ok for smaller spaces.
 Working
 Super quiet with lots of power
 I love the product, but I seem to have to buy a new one each year, they just die out. Use in my office
 Great fan. I've always used this model of fan in my office cubicle. These fans move some serious air while being really quiet.
 love it.
 Perfectly adequate... not as much HP as my Vornado of the same size but its running well.
 I buy EVERYTHING on Amazon but rarely leave reviews. This thing is amazing! Best ten dollars I've ever spent. It moves a lot of air and I anticipate saving a lot on utility bills with it. Honeywell makes A1 products.
 On high, you can feel a gentle breeze from 10-15 ft. away. It won't cool off a room, but since it's quiet, it works well as a small bedside fan.
 Good
 You'd think a fan with the name "turbo force" would have a little more "umph".  If you need white noise from a fan when you sleep I'd recommend looking elsewhere.
 Operates quietly and moves a lot of air. Awesome fan.
 I really like this product.
 Works for what I need! Can't complain. Isn't too loud if you ask me. I use it behind my wood burning stove to move the air between the stove and the heat shield.
 Nice
 Perfect fan to keep my computer room cool. Works really well, I highly recommend this fan.
 Great size for a fan for white noise.
 Works so well very happy!
 Love this fan.  Use it at work.  Puts out a lot of power and not too loud.  Bought my mom one for her kitchen too.
 Excellent fan for a smaller stuffy room or a partial area of a larger room. Fairly quiet on lower speeds. Seems well made and solid.
 As expected
 Quiet, strong fan.  3 speeds.
 It's larger than I thought it would be for the price.  It's quite powerful too!
 Smaller than i thought. Easily adjustable fan and pumps out the air pretty good for a little fan. Would buy again
 I like a little noise when I sleep!  I own one of these myself so wanted to buy one for my son's home where I would be sleeping when I vacationed with them or at their home.  It worked out great!  Just what I needed to help me sleep!
 Very quiet runs smooth
 I purchased two of these for my two girl's rooms for white noise, and originally loved them! They circulate air wonderfully, and the sound they make is perfect. One broke after about six months, the other broke at nine months. Never bought anything on Amazon with such great reviews that both broke so close to each other...
 Nice sice
 Nothing "turbo" about it. I sent it back and got a box fan.
 good fan
 Wow this was by far the most hyped up fan on amazon, with a whopping 12,000 reviews making it best seller. So i went ahead and put my trust in my fellow amazon shoppers. But i have to say, you guys let me down. I almost want to say this fan is horrible, but I think useless is a better word. I was reading someones review and he was talking about how it was good for circulating air. That may be true, as it doesnt seem very "turbo" at all, but strangely i did notice it blowing my curtains which were 10 feet away. However this fan does not make me nor the air in my apartment feel the slightest bit cooler. It blows warm air around. I tried putting it in front of my window ac unit, thinking it would pull that cool air and distribute it, nope. Did nothing. I tried putting nxt to my open window to help feel cool air, nothing. I tried it by itself, just on my counter 3 feet away, didnt feel the slightest bit cooler. Maybe theres some magical secret that everyone else knows about how to make this thing work good, because I sure as hell dont. Complete disappointment for me. I gotta return it and try something else.
 Great value, delivered on time.
 This unit works fine, but only after I drenched it in WD40.  The blade wouldn't even turn until I took it apart and sprayed the bearing walls and shaft with a great deal of the old universal lubricant.  It works fine now, but still needs periodic re-lubrication when it starts rattling.
 Nothing I can say against this fan. It was used, but is like new. Moves a lot of air and is quiet. Highly recomend.
 I really thought it would blow harder because it's called "turboforce".  Fooled me.... but for the price it works just fine.
 I bought this fan in June 2014.  The fan has officially died (motor) in August 2015.  As previous reviews stated cleaning the fan is an issue but it packs a good punch for cooling down the immediate vicinity.  I'm giving it four stars due to the price (I've had more expensive burgers) and it's usefulness when it was operational.
 Not as good as the old ones.  The highest speed setting doesn't move as much air as the old Honeywell fans.
 Awesome
 Great little quality fan.  3 speeds adjustable and the fan blade is well protected for kids and pets.  Great price too.
 Great little fan. It's not very noisy.
 I had a similar one for years so when it finally went out, I found this "clone" and it works great. It gives alot of air. I usually have it across the room on its lowest setting!
 Great little fan.
 Attached this to my sons wall to circulate air at night since he is on the top bunk and the room can get warm.  Works Great. Moves a lot of air... would recommend.
 This fan is awesome!  Great price!
 Worked fine for about a year.  Then stopped.  Probably a defective unit.  Liked well enough that I might take a chance on another one.
 This little power house not only cools off an entire room quickly, it also is has a quiet motor. I bought two and couldn't be happier with my purchase
 This is a fan.<br/><br/>It moves air around.<br/><br/>It was affordable.<br/><br/>It hasn't burned my house down.<br/><br/>I think I'm satisfied.
 Better than some big fans.  Satisfied and price was reasonable
 Love these fans. They are quiet and very efficient. I have one in almost every room in the house. Beats a/c in the summer, moves the heat around in the winter. Really great fans.
 It's nice as a small fan. Can be use in a small room,but it's not going to be good in a large room tho.
 I got one and loved it so much that I got 4 more to have in other rooms and at work. These are some powerful fans for their size. I have one that's been running almost 24/7 for 4 years now.
 It's a very tiny little fan doesn't blow great amount for air; good for people who want a less pressure fan on their table top right beside them. Doesn't bend downward only upwdards.
 Great fan. I bought one 10 years ago and still works as it was brand new. I need one for my son.
 Love it! Looks small, but fit my small room perfect. Although have three speed, no big difference to me. The sound is a small problem, but can be overcame compare to the coolness it brings. Hope it still works well when it becomes really hot.
 Great little fan. Keeps the Air circulating for a comfortable sleep.
 Outstanding value for the money: this is a great alternative to a sound machine: the sound-level of the fan is quite low, but on medium or even low , I find it's sufficient to distract/lessen the sound of outside traffic.
 Greta small form factor fan. Quite have it in office IT setting so need it to be quite.
 I love this freaking fan what else is there to say.
 When I first turned it on I thought it was on low but as it turned out, it was on hi. This fan would only be good on a small desk blowing in your face. Don't count on it to move any air in even a small room. It is very quiet because it hardly moves any air at any speed!
 Good size, no problems with tipping over. Only downside (if you can call it that) is that it makes me cold on the lowest setting. Great bargain!
 Bought this to use at work on hot days. I was surprised by how much air it puts out when on high. A real life saver on hot days for sure.
 great fan, real workhorse and delivers more air power than my bigger box fan.
 Great fan.  Cools me off in the cubicle and is noise easily become background sounds that are filtered out.  I find my co-worker steals it when I'm out!
 Quiet, small, works, not a ton of power.
 If you need a good fan for the office this is it
 the fan is small enough for my office desk, not very noisy, and pushes out good air.  This fan met all of my requirements. that's just about all I can say.  it's really nothing special, but it's something I needed.
 Doesn't measure up to my last one. Cheaper base... No weight to it. Disappointed. Do not think it will last as long as previous one.
 WELL THE FAN SAYS 11" BUT IT IS ONLY 9" MISLEADING.ALSO IT SAYS CAN BE FELT FROM 27' MAYBE 7'. VERY WEAK FAN TRULY DISSAPOINTED!!!!! DONT BUY!
 Good product!
 This fan has no power, even on high it barely moves any air.
 I have used this frequently since purchase, and it has performed reliably throughout. Creates a nice background noise, but it's also loud enough to keep away from headset microphones.
 Good air movement for size, have owned at least 4 over the past years.
 I bought mine in May 2017 and didn't even last 6 months. Highly disappointed with product
 A little smaller than I imagined, but still great! It's pretty quiet (even on highest setting) which is what I was hoping for from this fan.
 Very nice fan,good power &amp; quiet.
 broke within a month.<br/>2nd time purchasing this model. 1st fan lasted almost 3 months.
 These are great sturdy fans and powerful for the price and size... have 3 of them
 Blows a lot of air. Perfect for your desk and it's very quiet!
 Quit working after 2 months and it was rarely used.
 This  fan is more powerful than it looks
 Too big for an office fan but not worth returning.  Its a great little fan though. Just too big
 This worked fine while it worked, but it lasted 3-4 months and now doesn't spin. No apparently damage, and the engine hums, just no motion of the blade, so no air moving.<br/><br/>Followup: we've now fixed it twice through full disassemble and thorough cleaning and lubing. The first time it worked for several months. The second time it worked for less than an hour. There's nothing obviously wrong with it, and I suppose that's what you get for $20, but it's truly just landfill fodder.
 I like the size and it is so quiet.
 Lasted 6 months and motor froze up dead.
 You can never have too many of these fans and the newer versions have slower speeds and are therefore quieter.
 I do not even need and air conditioner! This little TURBO FORCE was well worth it ;)
 Powerful fan for a small size, not too loud either.
 The fan I’ve always wanted at my desk
 Great personal fan for a low price.
 Works as advertised
 Works great
 This thing is mounted up high on the wall to dry the shower stall after use. I hook it to a dial timer so I can forget about it. It's not very quiet but I don't care since I put it to work after I leave the room. Blows plenty of air.
 Bought this for my wife, she loves it!!
 I bought these for work and they're perfect. They sit on top of my desk and cool the air around me. For the price they're perfect.
 Fan motor stopped working in less than a year.
 my kid's tore it up in less than a week which was a little disappointing that it couldn't withstand a 3, 5, or 7 yr old. One of them knocked it down off the dresser and it tore up.
 I've bought these fans over the years and have never been disappointed by their performance.<br/><br/>I would recommend them to anyone looking for a table fan that is reasonably priced that does an excellent cooling job.
 The only downside is that I forget to turn it off when I leave the room!
 These are good little fans. They move air well and are relatively quiet for what they do.
 The fan doesn't give that much air as i expected. The fan's highest speed feels like it should be its slowest. But my biggest disappointment is that the fan doesn't tilt down so i cant put it on my dresser.
 So, all of the other reviewers saying how awesome this fan is... are absolutely correct. This thing puts off some awesome, cool air. This is without a doubt one of the best fans I have ever purchased.
 Lasted for seven months before it completely stopped working without warning. Just a low hum when I turn it on now.
 Great fan. I mounted it on the wall in my work shop and it works perfect.
 Not too loud, good wind, stays in place. I have pretty much left mine continuously running for months now and haven't had any issues.
 I honestly like a fan with a little power and a little "white noise". The Honeywell's have been getting weaker and quieter and I honestly am not a fan, no pun intended!
 Works great
 really great fan. it does exactly what i need it to do
 Works great, quiet!  Thanks
 Works great but if you're looking for a fan to drown out noise. This isn't it.
 It was a good product while it lasted. I used it 18 hrs a day for 1 year and the fan has stopped working. Overall I would prefer a more reliable product from constant usage, looking into a different model or company now.
 Nice blowing power not for if you use a fan for a noise machjn and
 Works as expected. Moves quite a bit of air. Works perfect for my desk.
 Works great in my office.  Just the right size, not too small.
 im extremely disappointed as i cant sleep without the noise of a fan, i was hoping it would last longer, but apparently not.
 This fan blows. Literally. Well too. Would recommend.
 I bought this to circulate air in my small (8x8) bedroom of an apartment.  It works great.  I recommend elevating it somehow (bookshelf for me).  It is quiet relative to other large fans which is a plus.
 This fan is great for the price. It's small enough that I can keep it on my desk. With the adjustable angles it's really handy for working out, I can place it on the floor angled up and keep myself cool.
 Terrible.  I have had it for two days and now it chirps and rattles and stops blowing in all three settings.
 Great quality and strong breeze from this fan
 It good. I love it
 I have purchased it . It is perfect product for an individual during summer time . It doesn't make any sounds and gives you high speed. Quality of the product is awesome . Thank you for such perfect item.
 I have two. I love this product.
 I wish it had an oscillating feature. I love it still
 Perfect to drown out the silence and create a white noise while I sleep and keep the air circulating in my bed room.
 Small and powerful.  Perfect for a small area.  I like It!
 Powerful little fan great for small spaces
 Thanks great product
 quiet enough so that i can sleep and keeps my room nice and cool.<br/><br/>*update*<br/>my poor fan died after a year and a half of 24/7 use.<br/>so other than that, this has been an awesome fan. will be buying again!
 Good solid fan. Perfect size for small guest bedrooms!
 I received this fan on February 20th. On May 20th, 3 months later, it simply stopped working. It's been sitting in one place the entire time and has been used once or twice a day for a few hours, so I can't see any logical reason outside of poor quality why it would stop working. I would recommend future buyers invest in a better fan that will continue working for longer than 3 months.
 I love this fan ..its small and blows cool air ...almost noise free...long cord so no hassle with where to plug it... I was impressed...
 I had one of these before and it lasted me a long time but you do get what you pay for. It is lower quality and has some weird sounds from loose pieces but nothing you can't fix by positioning it right.
 I ordered a total of 3 for myself coworkers and we all love them
 it worked perfectly for a few months only; now I have to forcefully tap it hard for the fan to kick-start which it seldom does. Unfortunately it's too late to return it so I ordered a new one with the hope that it will last me atleast an year and I get the value of price paid. Will greatly appreciate if the company replaces it for free.<br/>best regards,
 Worked great for a while until the blade got slightly loose and now it makes a very loud noise unless it is tilted down towards the ground - which makes this unit useless
 Not the most attractive fan but it does the job and is relatively quiet.
 Great for moving air. 3 speeds but never need more than low. I purchased several for my home, where air doesn't circulate all that well, and one for my work cubicle. It's quiet enough no one even knows it on.
 This is a nice size and makes a gentle hum and transfers air well. My only complaint is I want a fan I can clean / limit dust on and, despite searching for "removeable grill" don't see an obvious way to keep this fan clean.
 Does the job!
 Great fan! Perfect for a desk or on the floor. Quite and easy to position.
 We're up to three of these around the house. They're compact, inexpensive and move ALOT of air. We use these every day for the better part of the year, and when not in use they're easy to store.
 Perfect for my desk at work! Even on the higfhest speed it's not to loud.
 In my honest opinion, the best "white noise" option there is. Also effective at cooling you down.
 Great fan, I usually can't sleep without a fan running at night, so this definitely does the job.
 This fan is cheap, simple and straight to the point. In fact so much so that everyone in my office ordered one independently of knowing I even ordered one (This is in a place where the average temperature in the office is in the 90s, and outside is 100+)
 Its good.
 great item, fair price, quick shipper.  thanks  bob
 My room doesn't have the best circulation so I got this small fan to keep the area of my bed cool. It makes very little noise and the noise it does make is barely noticeable.
 Perfect size and does the job.
 is a good  brand  flexible  to move.  thank you
 Used it for 6 hours straight unplugged it next morning fan motor don't run
 good and strong smaller desk fan. larger than a soft ball but smaller than a basketball.  cord that reached the outlet, but could be a bit longer.
 Fail. It broke after one month of use, being turned on 3-4 times. I didn't bother with a return or refund at the time since it was only $16 but buyer beware!
 I had a similar Honeywell fan that lasted 10 years, and this was a replacement. It has one more speed, but is the same otherwise. The most important aspect for me is noise, and this one is much less quiet than the one it replaced.
 Great fan. Very quiet and blows very cool air. The lowest setting it great for me. If I put it any higher it gets way too cold. Very sturdy and silent.
 The fan is light weight and works great.
 My old job had one of these that got used and abused for well over a year and was still going strong.  I bought one for my new job and it works just as well.
 I installed this to blow air up at me from the motor cover on my treadmill.  It works great, and isn't noisier than I'd expect for the amount of air movement.  I may buy another for my workshop.
 Only negatives are the knob placement and that it can't point downward. Great wind power.
 loved it!<br/>So powerful<br/>So quiet<br/>So inexpensive
 Great for the price.  I purchased for my son's dorm room.  It's the same one he has at home in his bedroom.
 Works well
 Only Lasted Two Days &amp; Quit !
 It sits on my end table to provide a gentle breeze and a relaxing sound while I sleep.  I even shove it in my suitcase when I travel.  It's great.
 Small, but potent for its size.
 I love this fan for night time ambient noise. It gives enough air flow to keep the room cool without being too loud or powerful.
 Small but powerful. I guess I better learn to read dimensions before ordering in the future.
 excelent
 Haven't opened yet, purchased for a spare.  If it is like the other one I have, I like it.
 Good product at a very good price.  Received the product a head of schedule.
 Larger and noisier than I was expecting.
 Quiet but mighty. From such a small fan I was surprised how well it operates. Very happy with purchase.
 works well.
 This is a great little fan and the sound won't drive you nuts.  For $15 or so, you can't beat it.  You can tell it's made to last more than one year.
 Righteous fan, it blows
 Very reliable fan
 The prefect fan my use!  I love it!
 This fan has 3 settings offering a good range. Is also easy to clean. Not too loud.
 Much better than I expected. Very nice air flow.
 After arriving very quickly, the fan has made my son very happy and sleep more comfortably. We were unable to find any fans in our area of the country this time of year. This was a great find!
 Bought this for my dogs to lay in front of during hit summer days. They love it.
 Great little fan. Kind of wide, hence the four stars, but I'd buy it again.
 Good air flow and very quite
 Would buy again.
 Worked well for a few months then stopped working. Waste of money.
 Have 2. They still are working fine.
 At first it seemed fine but then I noticed it was making a high pitched squeal-like sound. Very distracting.
 I could not live without this in summer. It is so small but so powerful. And although it is all plastic on the outside, it actually feels very sturdy and quite heavy.
 A little small but works great.
 The fan was even more powerful than I expected
 I have bought these fans for years and they last about one year. But this last one lasted 2 months and then nothing :(
 Pretty quiet works really well!!
 works just I had hoped.  For its size it moves alot of air.
 IT's not as forceful as the older version.  It doesn't seem to have the same power.  The low setting is really low.  But it still puts out a good bit of air.
 good price; work fine
 It feels rugged and well built. It is very silent and blows with enough power. The base allows tilting from horizontal to fully vertical and stays where you set it. Very nice fan. The shroud is about 10" in diameter
 Bought two for the kids rooms. Small but effective and great price.
 Works perfectly. Not loud.
 Pretty good airflow for something this cheap, and quiet too, but I would have liked it a bit more powerful.
 perfect size, I just wished it was a little noisier to cover the outside noise when travelling and sleeping in hotels
 Nice little fan
 Like everything else today, the quality has gone down.  I had one of these at work that had to be at least 15 years old or more.  Always worked great but has finally started to conk out.  I bought this new one and switched it out with my old one.  In comparison, this one is much lighter, with flimsier material, and does not put out as strong of an airflow as the old one.  On the old one, low speed was pretty strong.  On this new one, i have to put it on the middle speed to even come close to the old fan at low speed.  Oh well, so is the world today.........all about maximizing profits.<br/><br/>Anyway, with that being said, this is still a good fan especially for tight spaces like the shelf in my office at work.  I recommend it.
 Great nursey fan!
 This is my 2nd fan of the same kind. I ran the first one three years straight and it finally died. Here's to another three! The fan is quiet, adjustable and works great!
 Good product for very long use. Kept mine on all the time and it died. Still a great fan.
 Not a bad fan, but didn't blow as hard as one would expect something with Turboforce in the name
 Company uses Honeywell Name. Product is well made, very sturdy and definitely moves the air. a lot for the price
 Just what I needed for hot flashes...
 Quiet and powerful... moves good air.  Smaller then expected but very happy with it.
 Good value
 Great fan it's quiet but keeps me cool at night. I would definitely recommend
 Perfect fan! Keep it at work. Small but powerful!
 Perfect
 Small fan, pushes enough air but it's quiet.  I use it in my office and it's perfect for that.
 Fairly small, guess we weren't paying attention to the dimensions. Doesn't push that much air but will get the job done.
 Quiet and we'll designed.
 I have multiples of this fan.  Works great
 Bought one and it's a good fan for price blows out a lot of cool air great for hot days and not expensive
 Perfect price
 The velocity on the high setting is not much better than on the low setting. It does not move as much air as other similar size fans that I have had in the past. I will use this for something but I will have to find another for the purpose I had in mind for this one.
 Great fan for a great price.  One of these lasted me 8 years.  I use it for the office place and immediately purchased another one after my first one died.
 This fan kicks *%$!!! SO quiet, yet powerful! Much better than the ones I had before.
 Excellent fan, keeps my room cool and is quiet and fits on my nightstand nicely
 very well constructed with good controls
 There is nothing turbo about this fan. Except how fast you figure out that you do not like it.  The highest setting emits less air then I'd have expected from the lowest setting. Not what I exoected, shame on you Honeywell.
 i let this run 24 hrs..... runs perfectly
 I use this fan for white noise and to keep me cool during the night, as I sweat easily. This fan has the best performance for the price, and has been that way for years.
 We have two of these fans for each of our kids' rooms. We bought one when our son was born and used it during every nap and bedtime. Two years later, our daughter was born and we bought a second one. Soon after, the first one wore out, so we bought bought a new one. They are both still going strong two and a half years later. They are very quiet, but provided the white noise we were looking for. Very nice product.
 Cool (no pun intended) little workhorse.
 Don't let the size fool you! This fan packs a wallop when it comes to cooling a room down!  I rarely use the medium and high settings because the low setting does the job just fine.  I'm glad I purchased this!
 It worked great for a while but after about 6 months it started making weird sounds and slowing before it stopped working completely. Don't get if you plan to use it for prolonged periods of time.
 Nice fan, circulates air well in a small room.
 This fan is amazing! I bought this because I live in an old apartment building in Miami. The AC is barely functional and it is summer! With the AC on full blast, it is still 80 degrees in my apartment! This fan saved me! Highly recommend!!!
 First time I used this, it's already making a grinding noise.  Unfortunately I bought it 2 months before I used it so it can't be returned.<br/><br/>I'll add that I had bought the same model a few years ago and it ended up dying after a couple years, but for the money I figured why not just get another.<br/><br/>Final note, the warranty on this will cost you $15 in return shipping and handling and whatever shipping is to send it out to them.  Basically the 1 year warranty is a joke.
 I bought this because my old one finally died.  I have to have white noise at night and also enjoy the breeze and this works great.  Not too loud, not too quiet.  Solidly made.
 These Fans are great.  I bought a few in fact to circulate air in certain rooms.  Despite them being a bit small, they move a considerable amount of air and can do so fairly quietly.  I'd recommend it.
 Great for the money! Fairly quiet.
 Very quiet, however if you want lots of air flow from this then I would suggest something else. This is great for the bedroom. It does have three settings and all are quiet. This is exactly what I was looking for.
 This Fan is awesome feels like a mini. Air conditioner unit.
 Work wonderfully, quite powerful, actually makes me a bit cold. Highly recommended.
 Excellent fan at a moderate price.
 Was quiet but died after two years
 Awesome fan.
 It is not really that strong.  This item was offered at a discount because I ordered something else.  My Vornado similar sytle fan is much stronger than this.
 Bought 2.
 Works great! Awesome for the price!
 nice strong fan love it
 good not as quite as I would like
 My only complaint is that I wish it were louder, but that's 100% preference.  The model we had before this one took ~5yrs to die and it was a bit louder.  These little fans are reliable!  My primary use is for white noise.
 Very powerful and compact fan. Great price
 My second purchase of this model - you won't find a more serviceable and long-lasting fan!<br/>So glad it is still available.
 Cool
 I bought this for a friend.  I stayed at his house for over 10 days while I was visiting another friend.  His room was very warm (even when it was snowing outside).  He loves it!
 A great bang for your buck
 These fans work very well. Quite quiet also.
 Product stopped working after 2 months. It was used maybe a total of 10-15 times for an hour or two at a time.
 Quiet and solid.
 Quiet using to circulate downstairs air to upstairs via the stairwell.
 This fan broke in less than 2 months with nightly use only. VERY unhappy with this purchase. Seemed to last just long enough that I can't return it and now just have a useless piece of junk in my house. Guess I'll finally just throw it out. $22 down the drain!
 Great product. It produces a big air current but it really is for a small room. I use it in my cubicle.
 GREAT
 love this little fan. puts out tons of air.  I may order another...  very very good quality--durable and sturdy.
 I love this fan! It's my third. They last a long time despite using it all the time!
 convenient and portable. I love this fan!
 Great fan! I use it on my desk in my office at work.
 I purchased this fan on 3/9/17 and it completely stopped working on 7/27/17. It was used in my home office, not a harsh environment. The airflow was less than I expected from reading other reviews. I do not recommend.
 3 speed ,nice and quiet , need for sleeping
 Small yet powerful! Not too loud. Perfect for my dorm.
 i bought this in 2015 and it's now 2017. it's nice and cool but it get REALLY dusty if you don't clean it often. i recommend at leat twice a year, every 6 months.
 Works very well. I only wish you could angle it downwards a bit more so I wouldn't have to keep moving it different places when we're sitting vs standing in the kitchen.
 Use it almost everyday at work. Really quiet on low, but can get loud when on higher settings, but it really moves air when it's turned up.
 Not very powerful.  Good for small office or room.
 Great aid for circulating room air
 I love this fan.... works great! Decent amount of air, and perfect "white" noise for a small room.
 The fan is powerful but when sitting on the stand upright it makes a strange ringing sound that gets annoying and doesn't allow me to sleep. Have to position it upside and it is quiet. Bummer because I wanted it to sleep.
 I love this fan, it works great!
 Works well! Super small and compact! Would recommend!
 Very good item and price.<br/>Good quality!!
 I love this fan.  I have it in my classroom and it is safe, easy, powerful, and clears that adolescent stink quickly.  7th - 12th graders haven't broken it yet, and I don't worry about them using it in the classroom.
 Awesome performance from such an inexpensive desk fan!
 Great fan, do the job.
 Nice fan for the price, a little noisy but it does the job.
 I have used these fans for years. I buy them for white noise so the last two I just bought seem a little quiter then the ones I have purchased in the past, which is a bummer. The louder the better in my book!
 small, powerful and quiet
 not very powerful, I have an older one that is mush better. thought I was getting the same
 Saved my life in the hot hot heat of summer.
 Great little fan.  Quiet and moves a lot of air for it's size.  This makes 3 I have owned.
 Powerful yet quiet, cheap yet efficient. This fan is an awesome buy for the price!
 First one lasted 5 years continually run.
 Worked great and perfect for camping!
 Perfect
 Good fan for the price.  It was a little smaller than I thought, but if you take a look at the measurements then you'll get a good idea.  As for noise, it's more of a (white sound) fan cutting through air noise that doesn't seem to bother me.  It pushes air pretty well for it's size. Don't expect it to circulate the whole room, but for one person to get cooled off, it works great.  I would buy this again.
 Very powerful.  Fairly quiet.
 Works really well and keeps a room cool even though it is small.
 Its good, not great !
 Small fan with a big punch
 I didn't really look at the size of the fan or anything. I just saw that it had good reviews and figured it would be a good fan. The fan is small and is barely enough to cool one person off. There is nothing "turbo" about it so if you're looking for a cheap fan, I suggest you buy a box fan from one of your local stores.
 GREAT ITEM, THANKS!!
 this fan works quietly and you can direct which way the air flows, we have it going up and boucning off of the ceiling, which seems to be working very well.  It seems to be well made with 3 settings to choose from.
 This fan is very average, but you can't beat the price. The high setting feels more like the low setting on a Vornado fan. But it's $12, I mean, come on, what do you expect?
 Great fan for its size, does the job well just a bit noisy.
 Great price for a travel fan and works nice. Quiet too!
 Small, but does the trick. Worth it. I'm getting my money's worth.
 Refurbished, but worked great.
 Strong fans for their size
 Great fan at a great price
 Very powerful little fans. Great for all purposes.
 So far so good. I needed a travel fan and this is perfect.
 This fan is pretty small, but still powerful for its size. Would order again and use often as our upstairs is always hotter than our downstairs.
 all the airflow of a Vornado at better than 1/4 the cost - still, rather cheaply constructed and a bit loud, but a good air mover...
 What a disappointing product (and I should've known by the price).  I've used it only two times since I purchased it - then just plugged it in and it's broken. Motor doesn't move the fan. Honeywell has one year warranty but want $10 to replace - plus I have to ship it - already more than I paid for the product. Nevermind.
 Not a fan, per se, just kind of moves the air around.
 Works well for a small fan.
 Works well in the office
 Small
 This is a really good choice for a fan. A good product for the price too. Go for it.
 everyone needs one of these
 Bought to to replace a broken fan during a heat wave. The price was right and I hoped it would work well. Turns out this little fan works great and gets the job done!
 I have several of these little Honeywell fans and they are all great...this is the first one I've purchased online &amp;/or through Amazon. It is not nearly as powerful as the other fans I have, although it is quieter. If you are looking for a small powerful fan, I do not recommend this product.
 Small, not too noisy, but moves enough air even on low to keep me comfortable.
 Bought this to replace and old 16 inch fan.  It's compact and really circulates the air well.  On top of that it is whisper quiet.  I would highly recommend this fan to anyone looking to buy one.
 The best fan I've ever owned. I've had it now for 12 years and I sleep with it on every night. It's a must for me and it's extremely durable and long-lasting.
 Nothing like the model before this, Complete garbage
 My fan arrived defective. The fan doesn't come on unless you wiggle the switch, and it smells like burning electric. But the two star rating is as much for the design as for the faulty electrical components. I've had an older model of the Honeywell fan for about 8 years. I run it all night every night for white noise and air circulation. The older model is a heavy, durable plastic and the noise level is perfect as white noise. This new model feels cheap, and it barely makes any sound. Level 3 on this one makes as much white noise as level 1 on the older model. I'm very disappointed in this change from Honeywell. There was a time when they made the perfect fan. I'm going to take my old one to an electrician to see if it can be fixed. I'd gladly pay double the cost of a new one to get my old one working again. "25% quieter" is not a positive selling point, Honeywell! My fan is being returned on Monday.
 One my best fans! It blows the best!! I recommend this.
 Very little power but reasonably quiet
 very cold!
 Love these fans. I have 2 of them now.
 bought 2 , one them broke in 2 days
 Stopped working after a month.
 Fabulous fan works great and is QUIET.  It moves the air beautifully and with the head pivoting 90 degrees it can cool off my room in 30 minutes where a box fan was taking hours to do.
 One of my many fans, not really that big.
 Love my Fan
 Worth the money
 THIS IS MY SECOND ONE. NICE QUALITY AND FAIRLY QUIET
 Using this for my work space underneath my lofted bed. Sockets on the base allow me to mount it to the ceiling which is great. Not quiet, but far from intrusive. Moves a lot of air and can't be beat.
 Quiet. Keeps room cooled down without having to leave AC on all day and night.
 good fan
 Works well in small places
 Doesn't move as much air as I thought it would.  However it will suffice~.  The white noise is good for sleeping.
 Excellent air movement for the size. I have the larger version as well, and this one puts out a lot!
 We've bought these before and this was less expensive than in the stores.  Works great!
 works fine, does what it needs to do
 Perfect fan and super small for easy storage.
 I love this fan. It fits on my desk and it works really well.
 Working great till now
 Lets out cool air and has a low fan sound.  Highly recommend.
 I have a large corner office with lots of windows in downtown Houston so it gets warm. This is perfect to help keep me cool.  Also, it is quiet.
 Awe
 I got this to use at work and it does the job for my whole shift so time will tell how long the motor lasts
 Perfect. put it in my son's room when I painted it but the sound helped him sleep. Cliché.
 I use this fan at work, and its great desk fan. I only use it on the lowest setting though as that is more than enough air, and the noise isn't to bothersome.
 Use this daily, couldn't be without it.
 have to return cause the fan guard cannot be taken apart, hence i cant wipe the blades.  dust free fan is so essential to me .
 works really well perfect desk fan
 Had it for 5 months now, use at night to sleep.  It constantly looses power then comes back on.  Dont reccomend buying.
 Works great in my office and is very quite.
 I bought this for white noise and it works perfectly. Its quieter than any other fan I've used but it does the job very well.
 It works okay
 love it
 For 10 bucks, it does great for a bedside fan.
 I have had bought three of these. They have lasted me about three years in college. Also, in my dorm I keep them running 24/7 so far only only one has died because I dropped it the others are still kicking. Great value and buy.
 Great fan with good airflow
 i have had this about a year now and its been running almost nonstop since i bought it. good little fan.
 This fan is a little quieter than the last one I bought like this but still works great.  We use it as a noise machine at night.
 Tiny fan, lots of power, stands up to the heat and keeps you cool. What else is there to say?
 works well and quite
 Great fan. I love it for when I'm putting on makeup. It's pretty big.
 Very quiet, good little fan.  We have 2 and they work just great!
 Works great will be ordering another one for the each of my kids
 Loved this product for small bedroom. Helps my daughter sleep.
 Quiet and powerful.  We now have two of them and will be adding a third.  Bought it about a year ago, and have zero complaints.
 My last Honeywell Turbo Fan had more  power than this.  Would really only use this for white noise...not much for moving air around.  For the little air it moves, it sure makes enough noise....
 Love this fan. Have one in the kitchen and one in the bathroom. It's small enough to put on the counter and it blows like crazy. Great for cooking in the summertime.
 This is a small fan that works well for small area, say bed room or kitchen counter. You can set it about 8' away maximum for it to be useful.
 Fits very nicely in my window and helps keep my room cool at night
 nice fan, high quality, no vibrations and quiet.  run my in my grow tent 3.5x3.5x5.5 on low and does the job perfectly, very happy buy
 USE IT AT ,WORK SECURITY DISPATCH, LOCATED  IN A BASEMENT WITH NO WINDOWS OR AIR. I LIKED IT SO MUCH I ORDERED ONE FOR HOME
 Three speeds, compact, and put off a lot of cool air!!
 It blows
 Good. I have bought a few
 Excellent
 Not much to say about this fan.  It does it's job well.  It is a bit bulkier than I would have liked but it works.
 Needed a fan for work, this is a bit big for the desk but it is powerful and works great!
 Love it. It cools as well as makes the perfect sound to block out noise at night.
 This fan is wayyyyyyyyy louder then the one i had before it, the only reason i got this fan is because it was supposedly "scary quiet".
 Perfect, i mounted it on the wall and aimed it right at the tanning bed, makes a nice quiet breeze.
 In my college dorm, there is no air conditioning. The Honeywell is great to cool down a room by helping the air circulate. The head doesn't turn but it's not a problem since when it's hot, I tend not to move around much anyway. There are three levels of cooling, but the lowest setting is usually perfect for cooling the room.
 Small fan, not too loud at all. Does it's job.
 Small and doesn't make to much noise.
 Very powerful and quiet unit that moves lots of air for its size. Does just what I need it to do.
 Great little fan, even tilts straight up.
 great product, good price
 Perfect!
 I have an office that's hot in the winter and cold in the summer.  This sits on my desk and is super quiet.  Great size, moves great air.
 It's an ok fan but not loud enough for my white noise preference... I like the blizzard jr better. It's a tad bit louder!
 GOOD
 My office takes forever to turn the AC on, and this kept my under-carriage cool til they did. Thank you, Honeywell.
 Go for it! it's a really good fan!
 This fan is very very weak. If you have it sitting in front of your face on top of the desk, then its fine however if you put in a room to move air definitely buy a larger unit.
 Works great for what I needed for.
 Really Powerful and Good Fast Fan for cooling a small part of the room or for putting it next to your face. Do not expect it to cool an entire room down though.
 Nice fan for a dorm room, quiet and you can swivel it up toward ceiling or wall so it gives you some background noise while not blowing right on you
 awesome powerfull fans
 Quiet<br/>Small enough to fit in a desk drawer<br/>Cools down a small office.<br/><br/>I purchased one for my mother and two for each of my offices.
 Small and quiet - good air flow when pointed directly at you - not sure it would cool the whole room.
 Good but not as powerful as expected
 This fan has quiet operation even on the high setting, love that there is a middle medium setting as most fast now in days have low and high only. Can not beat the price and reputation of Honeywell.
 great fan
 turns on turns off just like expected
 excellent
 Works well.
 One of my favorite fans.  Works just great in our TV room.
 Great mini circulator fan. Works perfectly and very powerful air flow. Amazing price.
 Good fan. Wish it was a little more powerful.
 Perfect for what we wanted.
 I probably should have purchased a larger fan. This size doesn't quite move air around enough for my living room/dining room combo.
 I'm always hot at work. I had a small fan that didn't work well at all. So I replaced it with this one. It's powerful. It's bigger then I expected but it still fits nicely in my cubicle. Works great! Highly recommend it.
 Really like this fan. It worked well with power and easily maneuverable.
 Literally started smoking and stopped working 45 days in.
 Perfect for a desk fan. It makes a little noise, but it is no where near overbearing. Worth the money spent.
 Seems like a good fan but doesn't move nearly the amount of air as their older model. Fan speeds are very slow. Would of bought the better more expensive model if I had to do it again.
 BLOWS
 This fan works great and is very quiet for the amount of air it moves
 It is more bulky than I thought it was going to be- you would think they could make them a bit slimmer.  However, it is quiet and has some good "power" for the size.
 Great little fan. A smaller version of the whole room fan. Both are exactly what I wanted.
 Use it in my workspace and it is awesome.
 Bought this for my extremely warm room. It comes with 3 different speeds, low, med, high. I keep it low and pointed at my while I sleep, works great, can't complain.
 Best fan for the money!
 Very quit, but not as powerful as previous models.
 i just love these little fans. I have two of them and they put out a lot of wind for a small fan.
 Perfect size fan for any room. Super light and very portable.
 GOOD
 It's a good basic fan that we keep behind our wood burning stove to help move the warm heat around our house.  We didn't have too high of expectations- but it works great and does it's job.
 Good little fan, good power output
 Terrible.  Burned out and stopped working after a couple months.  Just a month after the return window closed.  Very dissatisfied.
 switch is in a bad place and hard to use
 Great for white noise and cooling.
 Nice fan
 Great little fan to have in the bedroom. It provides targeted cooling and sound masking. I don't find it too loud on "medium"...just enough to mask some of my apartment neighbors. At the price you can't beat it.
 Lots of breeze for a small fan
 For a person who enjoys the sound of a fan, this one was not for me. Way too quiet!
 For a small fan it has good air flow.
 The fan works  well for a while, then it starts making this horrible screeching noise a few months later. The noise  happens when i first cut the fan on and last  about five minutes. Then is normal again.
 Very nice little fan for the office area.  Quiet, good air movement.
 Great fan and reasonably quiet.  We have two and use them daily.
 arrived in a very timely manner. perfect size for what i need it for. thank you, anita
 keeps me cool in the office and very little noise disturbance. Love this fan.
 Does the job!!
 I can't stand my neighbors and need to have some kind of fan in my room to not hear them, and this is perfect. It's not an annoying sound like some fans I've had in the past. Love it!
 Makes me super cold at night which means it must be good!
 So far so good!
 Bought this for the office and it works great.  Love having it to circulate the air.  Has many positions to angle the air.  Great product and price
 Bigger than I thought, and it puts out a lot of wind. I like it.
 Don't last too long, but heck they are cheap enough.
 The fan worked great while it lasted, after only using it at night for three months, the motor burned out and it would no longer work.
 Although it is a small fan, it works well! I would recommend!
 came fast, and worked great for about two days. it just stopped working the other day.  it is still clean and looks fine but it will not run anymore.  i suggest paying more for a better fan.
 I bought 3 of these only one is still working didn't even last a year
 Just pugged in product and fan didn't work. Only 35 days since I brought the item but just passed the return date. Waste of money!
 Not impressed with the air flow. Would not re-buy. Otherwise it's ok. Weak airflow kind of defeats the purpose and negates the good form factor.
 Very quiet and perfect for a small office space/area.
 I always have a fan in my office to help the air conditioner do a better job. This fan has been great. It is quiet, compared to the AC, and I've never had to set it higher than its low setting. Actually, I bought another today as a backup in case they change this model for the worse in the future.
 Good but not great. Doesn't move a lot of air over a long distance, but great for next to the bed or desk. Not on the desk, vibrates too much.
 Not that strong, but nice and quiet.
 You're paying for a cheaper fan, its small and works for what you'd expect it to do. I use it in a small room to push some air at my PC while gaming. Works great.
 It makes a sound as if someone is relentlessly using a jackhammer three doors down. It will undoubtedly succumb to its own vibrational abuse and end up in the garbage in pieces.
 a++
 Great, powerful fan. Relatively quiet considering the airflow it pushes. I use it on my desk after walking at lunch time and cools me right down.
 Puts out more air than a huge box fan!
 Never lets me down and does what I want it to do and thats keep me cool in this SoCal heat!!
 perfect smallish fan, 2 works well in my bedroom.
 Good size very quiet could blow a little better
 Bought this fan for the second time on March 7th. It quit working about a week ago. So, if you are looking for a fan that will last about 4 months, look no further.  This is the second fan like this we bought. The first one lasted a little longer (probably cause we had it put away for awhile), but also stopped working in the same way. So either we have really bad luck or these fans just aren't made well.
 Unfortunately does not tilt downwards. Will only tilt upwards. I wanted to have a fan that I can keep on the table so that my baby cannot access it but be able to direct it downwards but you cannot do that with this fan. But otherwise I like how quiet it is and that it does not take up a lot of space.
 As advertised.Well pleased.
 Best value out there.
 Perfect fan for small office area.  There's a little "chop" to it, but it's not distracting.  Nice air movement around the desk area.
 This Honeywell TurboForce Fan, HT-900 is more then what I expected, I love it, I love it, love it, it blows air all over the room and that's what I like,
 Smaller than I thought
 Arrived quickly. Looks great.
 It's a great fan. We love it and want to buy even more!
 Not as much air movement on slow speed-on higher speed the noise level is too high.
 It's pretty quiet and blows plenty of air. Loved it so much, bought the exact same model for my office.
 It's powerful and quiet. Exactly what I was looking for!
 Really a great little fan.  quiet and lightweight.  We take it with us when we travel to our children.
 I was looking for a more powerful loud fan, Honeywell has quieted thier newer fans, which for me, is not what I want!
 works well
 Great medium size fans that blow pretty hard
 great fan, i bought two. they serve well as a fan but also for white noise while sleeping.
 I use this for white noise and a little breeze, it's perfect.
 This little fan is amazing, it is fairly quiet and it moves a lot of air.
 great little fan, a little loud, but moves the air great
 Used for white noise. Only last 6 months.
 Pretty good for a small fan
 Works great and is actually a lot more quiet than previous models. i kind of miss the sound.
 so great.... I bought another.
 This fan keeps me cool at my desk. It was quieter when I first bought it but still worth it for the money. It doesn't disturb fellow employees in other cubes but they can hear the humming of the motor.
 Good quality. Good speeds.
 The smallish vortex it creates is strong enough for my use The cost and electrical use are v reasonable
 Fan is small but effective. It is perfect for in the office. It is lightweight and the fan rotates to several handy angles even straight up.  Great buy.
 Nice little desk fan, like the 3 speeds, keeps air flowing without blowing the papers off the desk
 Great value and it provides a decent amount of air circulation.
 Always get this fan!
 Small and fairly quiet.  Great little all-purpose fan.
 Got this fan for the bathroom in my apartment that has no vent. I love it!!! Great size even for small counters and keeps the bathroom much cooler during these warm months.
 tough little fan
 Great little fan, we have had for over a year and still runs fine.
 My A/C died and these little fans came to the rescue. They're small but they produce alot of air.  Highly recommended.
 Lots of power for this little guy! It is kind of loud, but more like a white noise sound. Very happy with the amount of air this fan can move.
 Didn't last long. Started making knocking noise within few weeks
 runs all the time perfect white noise
 Absolutely wonderful product for the pricetag. Decently quiet and fully powerful.
 This is a strong fan for its size. I actually wish it made a little more noise, though. I like the sound of a fan when I sleep.  Fits well on a small nightstand, though.Sturdy.
 Unfortunately, the fan arrived broken.
 Unlike many reviewers for this product, I never owned a Honeywell fan. This is my first Honeywell Fan, and I love it. The ac in my apartment is one of those old ac that goes on a window or wall so its very loud and the noise annoys me. But now with his powerful little fan, all I have to do is turn on the ac for a little while, turn this fan on and my room stays cool for a long time. it is very convenient.
 works great
 It had a strong plastic smell for a few days, but it keeps me cool at the office. Lots of power for a small fan.
 Great desk fan that really blows!!
 Perfect for my office.
 perfect
 Blows good
 We purchased 3.  After a few months one of them stopped working. . .
 Perfect fan for my white noise needed to sleep.  Also perfect small size with lots of power for cooling breeze in a small room.
 I really like it. It's quiet and easy to use. I have two of them. I would prefer it to have low, medium and high, rather than high, medium, and low, but it's okay.
 It's pretty quiet considering how much air it will push.
 Not a lot of power behind this. I wouldn't buy another one.
 Nice small fan.  Purchase for added circulation at night.
 Great fans that feel like they blow a lot more air than they should for the price.
 Best fan for the price. Powerful, quiet. reliable.
 I need the noise to sleep. My metal one was clunky and horrible. This guy has a nice smooth buzz to him. Love this fan.
 Great little fan.  My second one.
 QUIET ENOUGH, MOVES ENOUGH AIR, PRICE OK,  DON'T EXPECT IT TO LAST LONG, DOESN'T FEEL SOLID.
 This is great for airflow but isn't loud enough for those of us who use fans for white noise.
 Really great product. Light and the design's simple too. Works well and is very quiet.
 Very nice compact fan that is fairly quite
 This fan is awesome... they erent joking about the sound either. This fan on high was as loud as my old fan was on low. Not to mention my new fan moves more air on low then my old fan on high lol... now the true test. My old fan ran 24/7/365 for 4 years... I hope this one is up to the task. But so far it is a huge improvement.
 Blows hard, does the job.
 I had read several reviews saying that the quality of Honeywell's products is on the decline. Well this product arrived broken right out of the box. Both shipping box and product box were intact, so no sign of rough handling. One of the fan blades was broken off right out of the box. Cheap flimsy plastic. I'm not willing to give them another chance since other reviewers have experienced similar shoddy workmanship.
 Have it blowing on low level at my face at night. Works for what I need it to do. No complaints.
 The fastest speed does not seem to move very fast until you have it on for a while and you realize that you are getting cold.
 I needed a small fan for the bathroom, and this fits perfectly. Plus, it is durable, and pretty quiet (not silent). Perfect shipping experience!
 Stand broke right off after a few weeks.
 It stopped working after only one month
 Blows a lot of air at a fraction of the price of other similar fans! It keeps me cool all the time!
 Good quality
 Good price, extremely quiet, quick delivery. I bought it for my office to replace a much louder, larger fan. Would recommend to anyone who asked for a good fan.
 This thing pumps out air!
 I bought this fan to replace one that I used to have it blow on my face when I sleep. This one is quieter on high than my old one was on low and it blows way more air.<br/><br/>Best $8 purchase I've ever made!
 -I purchased this to replace my old metal style fan.<br/>-This fan just did not blow as hard as I expected it to, my older fan when it worked blew harder.<br/>-The build of this fan looks to be of good quality.
 Broke three days after the return window closed.  It's garbage.  Avoid.
 Slightly loud, but it's great! Really cools down my office on hot afternoons.
 Great product for the price.  Works well in a dorm room.
 After about a month of use the fan froze up and stopped functioning. The previous fan had the same issue, but lasted three years. Not so lucky this time. Returned.
 Really good fan. The only brand I will buy, as others I have bought haven't lasted near as long.
 Great Seller, Awesome Price.
 Great little fan. It puts out a lot of air!
 Was looking for a cheap and small but still quiet and powerful fan..and thats what I got. Love this!
 Small and powerful fan. Bought it at the end of summer in Sunny San Diego and it was the coolest summer ever. I'm thinking about buying another one for my workplace.
 my daughter likes it.
 Perfect for window, circulates air really well! Light weight, very quiet, durable.
 Was great until it shot craps the middle of March; did not even get a few months worth of use. Extremely disappointed. My polar air lasted over 5 years.
 Great fan for its size.  Perfect for my little ones room
 perfect!  as expected!
 Not as powerful as it is proclaimed by the vendor. Good price, but not as satisfied as I thought I would be.
 wife loves it kitty loves it i love it, great fan...indestructable
 It is not overly large and will fit in my windows to help circulate the air in the summer.
 Works greatl
 Wish that the front could be removed to clean dust out. Other than that it makes just enough noise and blows out just enough air.
 I need a fan noise to sleep with and this one does just the trick. It's my second time buying this model, the first taking 2 years to stop working. Given the price, small size and generous noise it pushes out, few can top this fan.
 Great product that will last for years.
 great
 Great little fan. Moves plenty of air in bathroom dressing area. Keeps cool and runs quite
 Very powerful and light.
 Randomly stopped working after a month. I used it in my dorm daily, unplugged it when I wasn't using it, and now it refuses to turn on. Pretty disappointed.
 EXCELLENT
 Gets the job done, although I was disappointed that they weren't as powerful as I'd expect from a fan of its size.
 Great fan, we've used it for months now and we use it frequently.  It clicks into place and stays perfectly.  It does what a fan is supposed to do.
 So far so good. Haven't had it long but works great thus far.
 Great little powerful fan.
 as described
 Nice reasonably quiet fan that moves some air.
 This is my third Honeywell TurboForce fan.  For the price this fan is well built and provides plenty of cool air.  My fans run 24/7 with no problems.
 No comment.
 This little fan has me freezing. It's under my desk at work. Great price. Thinking of ordering one for home.
 Awesome little fan. Very powerful, I rarely have it set higher than it's lowest setting.
 Nice, compact. Quiet but provides white noise.
 It is quiet but in my opinion not a lot of airflow.  Light weight which is a plus.
 It was silent when I brought it out of the packaging and began to run it, but within two minutes of it running it began to hum, then a choppy propellor noise kicked in. Will have to see if i can make it a litttle better :/
 thank you
 Works as expected! Using it at my desk at work to keep me cool.
 Comes in handy for keeping cool or airing something out.
 Great fan for the office. Quiet too. Does everything I want it to, which is cool me down.
 I bought 2.  One for desk fan - it's a little strong and large for that function but the one I use for the house is perfect.<br/><br/>Great buy!
 It's worth the money.  I'd buy another for a guest room or a basement.  I bought a <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Vornado-530-Compact-Whole-Room-Air-Circulator-Black/dp/B000E5S4MW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Vornado 530 Compact Whole Room Air Circulator, Black</a> fan on a sale and it's noticeably quieter anymore forceful.
 Great
 This fan is extremely powerful for the size, I was not expecting it to work as well as it does, but the blades move a lot of air. This product is very quiet for the amount of air it pushes. I bought a second one because it works so well.
 perfect !
 Works great, for what I consider a cheap fan.  Saved me and my family in a heat wave.
 Great for circulating air. Not overpowering. I bought it to replace a similar fan that wore out.
 My fan pooped out quickly but when I wrote to amazon, they replaced it the very next day. It was a Saturday and a complete surprise. Thank you so much.
 wish the speed was faster to blow harder.
 works great
 It it a little noisy.
 Not as powerful as we thought it would be
 Stopped working after about 3 weeks.<br/>Put the switch on high and the fan blade barley moves.<br/>Worked great out of the box until 2 1/2 weeks went by.
 It is working great so far
 I've had one of these for two years.  Still solid, quiet, and blows well.  I just bought another one for my office.  Basic fan that works well.
 Great little fan.  Good for bedrooms.  Is a bit loud, but seconds as a white noise machine for my kiddos.
 Small fan but works great
 worked well for the purpose I needed it but I just wish it tilted down and not just up
 Good output for such a small fan.
 Great value.
 Great little fan. Sends out a measurable breeze and helps keep the air moving around, even in a stuffy office.
 Fan is fine at lowest setting but hardly blows any air at that speed. The other speed settings result in an annoying rattle coming from the fan somewhere. I can't recommend this fan but at $10 you get what you pay for.
 Bought it on discount for work, it's very quiet, lightweight and does exactly what i hoped, good for air circulation or to cool you down on warm days.
 Broke after 9 months.
 Works great! We aim it directly up to prevent the smoke alarm from going off during cooking.
 Quiet good price
 Thanks!
 Worked great, until it didn't.
 Works great. very compact and gets the job done of cooling me down.
 works great arrived on time
 love it
 Best fan for the money out there. it's small but powerful
 great for the price!
 Great power and good for stuffy offices!
 Does what it says, at a nice price.
 Excellent fan for the money ....running it  24 hours a day for circulation here in Arizona .
 I'm a college student, and I was looking for a nice cheap fan that I could use on nights when the room gets too humid. This is a really good product, I really like how portable it is because sometimes I take it to other dorms with me as well. Very powerful, has three different modes and can be adjusted to point at different angles.
 WANTED GUEST ROOM QUIET  GUEST NEVER HEARD ANY NOISE AT NIGHT BECAUSE FAN WHITE NOISE SOLVED ANY POTENTIAL PROBLEMS.
 When I first got it, it was much smaller than I imagined. However it really blows for a cheap fan. I had it on basically everyday for at least 8 hours day for nearly 3 months. Still works great.
 i went everywhere looking for a fan....so happy that Amazon sold them...got it quite quickly which was great because I can not sleep without one...perfect condition!
 Turbo fan. This thing is great
 I didn't look at the dimensions before I bought it so it was smaller than I expected (Completely my fault) but I still love it. Honeywell makes great fans.
 This product said it's quiet  which this is not by no means, turn it on very noisey.<br/>Don't waist your time and money.
 great for white noise at night - love these fans
 The best part is that you can rotate the fan up and down
 I bought three of these fans to supplement the airflow and provide a bit of white noise.  They are great little fans and the price couldn't be beat!
 great
 It’s really good, I liked it a lot. It’s quiet, kinda smallish, and really good at keeping me cool at night. I’d say it’s a good buy!
 This small fan is very powerful and cooling!
 nice
 The fan is cheap, compact and fairly powerful.  I use it often and recommend it.
 Works as described. Perfect little fan for the office.
 Great simple fan, strong air circulation.
 Ok.  Not as much air output as I had hoped, but I guess you get what you pay for.
 This has been the best purchase I made for the hot summer
 great size and air movement.
 Perfect for my needs, wanted something small and quite to move the air in my bedroom, just the job on low and I can hardly hear it when it's on.  It's also small enough to fit on the window ledge to help pull in some cool fresh air.
 Guess what, it's a fan!
 small, quiet and con move a lot of air
 Very quiet on the lowest setting and works well.
 This little size fan is perfect for my bedroom during the summer to keep me cool. Its also pretty quite when it on.
 My cats still know this small fan over, but it works well for a small fan.
 I use it over a bedroom AC vent to blow air over a large room. The base fits well against the wall. It helps circulate air and is not very loud.
 Nice item works real well
 have not tried it yet but much much smaller than expected
 Surprisingly powerful for my desk at work, and yet very quiet. My coworkers say they can barely hear it even near my cube.
 Great fan.
 I bought this back in November to keep in my office. It stayed boxed up in the closet until about 3 weeks ago where it found use in the home. Not sure what happened, but the fan no longer works. I would not recommend
 Love my fan!! I'm all over the house with it 🙂
 works perfect
 Love this little fan for work!
 Works well
 It lasted 5 months and now it is so loud it's unbearable. Had an Older Honeywell I gave my mother that was great for years but this new one is terrible quality.
 Great for cruise!! This fan is awesome and is small enough to take on cruise ship! Love it!!
 Its light, small and powerful!
 This fan is fairly large for a desk, BUT; it moves a lot of air on high (noisy) but is nearly silent on low.<br/><br/>It moves but plenty of air.<br/><br/>Other than the size i would give it 5 stars.
 pretty great personal desk fan
 Nice! Quiet and strong!
 Nice and quiet fan. Perfect for my office.
 For this price, with this power, there isn't a better deal anywhere. So glad I bought this. The lowest setting is pretty quiet and the highest will keep you cool.
 This fan has very little blowing power.  I don't recommend it.  I got a $15 HDX TF-810S High Velocity 9 in. Tabletop Fan from The Home Depot.  It works really good.  I bought two of them.  For $15, it's awesome.  Pretty quiet also.  It looks like this model.
 Quiet, light, and has three speeds.
 Control is a bit inconvenient to use.
 When it worked it was great, but after 6 months the fan just quit working.
 a little heavier than I thought, but I'm using it differently than designed  fantastic air volume
 I put this fan on my nightstand to keep me cool at night. It is very quiet and doesn't wake me up also for a small fan it has a lot of power.
 Itsa fan....  Moves a decent amount of air for its size.
 Great little fan
 good fan, pushes a lot of air and is not too loud.
 Needed a new fan for the office where the air does not move all than much. This one does the jub and is not that loud.<br/>Puts out a lot of air on low.
 I bought this last May. Went to turn it on today because the weather is getting hotter and it doesn't work. I mean it is only $12 and I did like it when it worked, but didn't even last a year????
 Pretty cool. A bit loud but works decently.
 efficient and quite
 Great product, would do business with this seller again.
 Owned for less than 2 months. Motor is ceasing. Very quiet fan but was never that powerful. Worst fan ive ever owned.
 nice fan, it would be perfect if it was a bit quiter, overall i'm glad i bought it!
 I’ve only had mine for 5 months and it already stopped working. Not happy
 Great product for the price!
 Nice fan. Blowns away the competition!
 Awesome fan! Very powerful for its size and very durable.
 Great fans! I have one on either side of my living room and they really keep my place cooler.
 was on sale..and it is quiet and direct....really pinpoint accuracy...
 This thing puts out air good. Won't bend past 90 downward, but I don't need that anyway
 Love the range of motion and the strong breeze from such a small fan :)
 efficient and quiet. Overall a great deal and extremely satisfied!
 Used nightly for 14 months. Just quit working completely. Was great while it lasted.
 Great
 I thought that this  small fan would not put out  But it puts out  It puts out  IT PUTS OUT  a lot more than our box fan  and it's quiet|
 Just as expected
 Very good fan.
 I barely had the product for 2 months and it's BROKEN. the motor will not turn on.  Since it's past 30 days I can no longer return it but I am confident that Seller shipped me a defective item.
 This is a great, quiet air circulator! Just took it on a cruise and rest of the group wanted one so bad! Fantastic purchase. A bit small for a large bedroom. Great for smaller rooms though.
 Makes annoying clicking sounds on all but the lowest speed.<br/><br/>It also cannot tilt down.<br/><br/>Cheap feeling all around.
 works as advertised, Works perfectly on a small room. this is my second unit already, the first one i bought works perfectly fine.
 It works fine.
 Puts out a lot of air for the price.
 I use it at my desk where I work. The only complaint I would have is that sometimes I wish it had a setting lower than the lowest setting since it is at my desk and so close to my face. But I just tilt it where it isn't blowing directly on me and it's fine. Overall, it works great!!!
 Worked silently
 Died after a few weeks
 Great fan
 I can't believe this fan only costs around $15. Great power for the size and even better for the price.
 good quality and reasonable price
 Nice little fan, just powerful enough but dont expect it to move air through a medium or large room.
 Excellent product
 We use these fans for white noise and they are by far the best, lasting longer than most others.  Also have fuses built in which is comforting.
 great fan, quite
 Fan is too small. Not cool enough . I don't think this worth that.
 Works well for a few weeks, and then starts making a loud humming sound. I bought two and the same thing happened with both.
 Powerful and not to loud! Thanks Kaz!
 Great
 Love this fan!!! High powered and low noise level...
 Great for the price!
 Best lil fan out there!
 Small, inconspicuous, effective.
 The fan power is very weak.
 powerful little fan.
 perfect for small spaces
 Worked well for 2 month and then failed on me. For the period it worked, it was a very good product
 Doesn't take a lot of space and is quite powerful!
 Fan is exactly as described.  Great packaging.
 Really great product! Bought it for work due to the fact that we have swamp coolers in the building and we live in Arizona! Really helps me stay cool!
 Good little fan for my daughter's bedroom. Good quality and shipped quickly!
 really practical
 Great fan that does that job. I am having difficulty figuring out how to clean it though. It doesn't easy come apart and with two dogs will get dusty easily.
 Works great no assemble required just plug it in and done!
 Absolutely L-O-V-E this fan.  Small, portable, powerful and the noise level is very acceptable. In fact helps to drown ambient noise when sleeping.
 Item as described.  Fast shipping.
 This product was not labeled anywhere as a Honeywell product.  I entered a room filled with an electrical burning odor and the fan no longer working- after 4 months of use!  Faulty product!!  Don't buy!!!
 Good Product!
 worked for a year, still working, good product
 it works great  i am gping to buy another one very happy with it
 Awesome price for 15ish, have a few of these quiet, easy to move/adjust fans, good stuff.
 i had this same fan ten years ago and it was great, but the version I received here is probably 75% LESS Powerful than the predecessor. I do not recommend
 Just received new fan, plugged it in and for white noise, this is awful.  Also puts out almost no air on high.  Sending back for a different option.  This one would only work in a close environment like a desk.
 Very helpful
 Great for the price, and pretty quiet.
 Ran for 2 minutes &amp; motor burned up, brand new, right out of box.<br/>Waste of money.  Spend more &amp; get a better fan.
 Very  effective, and lots of easy adjustment positions
 This quiet little fan works great in my bathroom window to remove water vapor from my shower.
 Found it on warehouse deal.
 Nice efficient little fan.
 Good little fan and nice low hum
 weak
 this is a replacement for one i have had for at least 10 years. Great product
 Very quiet, powerful fan. I have had the older version 10+ years, definitely an upgrade
 its pretty loud and rattles on max settings. the only tolerable setting is the lowest and second lowest
 This isn't as good as the model before, Kool Operator Jr, but it does the job and was a great price.
 My husband uses it at work and really likes it.
 Moves air well and pretty quiet. You cant really hear it from outside my cube, would definitely recommend.
 THE BIGGEST FLAW IS NOT BEING ABLE TO REMOVE THE CASE TO CLEAN THE BLADES.  BUT IT WILL MOVE THE AIR QUITE WELL.
 Just what I was looking for. . . .small fan with a large air circulation output.
 Blows
 EXCELLENT
 Good throw for a small fan.
 Good little fan
 Great price, great for sleeping! 💤
 Fan is pretty powerful and has three speeds. It is enough if you want it to circulate air with a small room say a bedroom. Only issue that some people could find is that it makes some noise (which is the reason we got it, to drown the noise from clocks etc.)<br/><br/>It can be moved around rooms as it is small and light
 I use this in my home office and it's perfect; strong and quiet for the amount of air it moves.
 Nice fan, but you pay for the noise reduction by reducing the amount the fan blows. Overall I am satisfied with the purchase.
 Good price and fast shipping!
 I'm very satisfied with this product.
 This fan is the boss, Little unit that pumps out a lot of air.
 Good blast of air. Works well. Good buy for the money. No occillation.
 It is an amazing little fan.  I have it on low all night through and it supplements the A/C with all my cooling needs.
 great little fan
 Two rubber legs are missing from the bottom, otherwise, it works great. I e-mailed customer relations at Honeywell and asked for the missing legs.
 great little fan for a fair price. I have 3 of them
 great!
 No power what so ever.  I don't know if this fan is defective, but it barely blows any air. It is quiet but the point is to be a fan and blow air.
 Works well for it's size. Has held up for 2 years. No complaints.
 My daughter ordered this for her dorm room at college.  She went to school with a different one that she said was terrible and so replaced it.  The size is good for the small space and she said it is quiet and circulates the air well.
 Perfect small fan for our cubicles. They pack a lot of power!
 Excellent power for its tiny size.  We've used it all summer with no complaints.
 Good product and the speed is good. I generally dry my hair using this because I like doing it in natural way without using heat. Does a pretty good job.
 So quiet and perfect size for small spaces.
 It just came in today. I usually wait to review a product but this thing is great for 15$. I'm using it right now on my back porch. The humid Florida summers usually force me to go inside. Not with this thing! I like to enjoy the fresh air with my tablet or a book and this just made more enjoyable. I can't wait to use it in my office when I'm gaming. d --_--]b
 I like this fan. Originally got it because my room doesn't have a ceiling fan. This lil sucker does the job just right. Fits right on my desk next to my bed and keeps it cool.
 Good amount of wind. Quiet enough for work.
 Fan lasted less than 4 months before it broke. While it ran it was fine.
 Small and quiet,
 Cheap fan but does the job. Quieter than previous model I have purchased.
 quite
 Perfect all-around fan for the home!
 Moves a lot of air for a small fan. I use it to dry a tile walk in shower. Works great.
 Doesn't blow very hard.
 Something inside it burned After about 1 minute of use. Was a good minute though.
 This fan is amazing. Three speeds, super quiet and sits nicely on my desk. I ordered this fan after I made numerous visits to every store in town. Fans were not out because they are considered seasonal so I ordered this on-line. Super happy with it. My co-worker loves it so much she sneaks over to borrow it from time to time. Would highly recommend it.
 This fan will keep you cool if you buy it.<br/><br/>Love,<br/>Your friend
 Powerful, but quiet. 110% recommend
 Just as described....
 It is inexpensive and blows air well.  It's not too loud and it's bigger than I thought it would be.
 Broken right away (motor quits running). Got a replacement within my return period, and that broke too.
 This broke after two months I will not be buying this again
 Bought this for my bedside table - works great! Good air flow and good quality product.
 Great price (under $13) for this solid little fan.  It is powerful and it tilts.  Recommended.
 Not very strong.
 Great little fan, quiet and powerful for the size.
 Doesnt seem to blow as strongly as it could. I expected more. It is very quiet though.
 Great fan.  Not too big, but it puts out a lot of air without much noise.
 Good quality.
 Don't last over 9 months
 I plugged it in and it worked for like 3 minutes then the fuse blew. Now I have to order fuses.
 Good little fan. Just wish it could be dissembled for cleaning.
 Product did not work straight out the box! Waste of time!!!
 Medium size and powerful fan. I love it!
 I love this fan so far, and it seems to be built well. It shipped fast, and I enjoy falling asleep listening to the low hum. Thank You
 The perfect size for my small work area. It keeps the air moving and refreshing.
 Turbo Fan arrived and I was thrilled in anticipation to finally receive some relief from this scorching afghan heat. I promptly plugged it in and turned it to the highest speed. After about 20 seconds a foul burning plastic smell began to emit from this device and my bubble was burst. After careful examination it has come to my attention that this item does not work on 220 Volt. No fault to the company just my own impatience and neglect to read the instructions.
 I love, love loved it! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
 Puts off a lot of air for its size
 Great for a cheap fan.
 Great for small office or cubicle.
 What I expected from a fan this size and more.
 Quiet, reliable. I love it.
 These are the best fans! Great air flow!
 Very quiet fan
 Small fan circulates air in our bedroom like a champ. We are using the AC much less at night, which is saying a lot here in Louisiana.
 This little fan is great. I use it everyday at work. Vary quite.
 This fan works great, is quiet and the perfect height to place on a table or nightstand.  Timely delivery, and all that it advertises it to be.
 This fan is small and works good. It doesn't have as much tilt as I would have liked.
 Nice little desktop fan
 This fan worked for a total of 5 hours (not continuously)<br/>Suddenly would not start with motor buzzing.  Do not buy!
 Quiet fan for my desk at work. Delivered on time and fan is just as described. Moves plenty of air and does it very quietly. Just what I was looking for.
 Great fan with a good price. Well Built adjustable (up and down). Solid base, three speeds, quiet, nice air flow. Glad I bought this fan instead of a more expensive one. Use it in a small bathroom area.
 Works great, I use primarily on the lowest speed, provides great amount of air flow. Low speed definitely drowns out surrounding noise (I use in an office with thin walls). Perfect for my application. Thanks!
 Wonderful small fan for the price!  I did not give it a 5 because I have not had it long so not sure about the durability and how it will hold up over time.  ML
 i love these fans.well made low noise with lots of air flow.I bought 3 already.
 does a great job in shop.
 at first I thought this fan was going to be way to small, but now I just have it on low, and it gets the job done.
 Works great and isn't TOO quiet but not too loud either, my wife and I use it to drown out outside noise.
 I had hoped this would have had more power to push out the air.  It works, just not as strong as I'd had hoped.
 We have one for every bedroom!
 this little fan has lasted so long and its prefect. sits next to my bed and blows plenty of cool air to keep me from burning up at night. definitely worth the buy
 Works great on my desk.
 I got these for $10. Works great and have had them for years now.
 Works great! Puts off perfect amount of air for being small
 Awesome fan, quiet and very cool. I love it
 Surprisingly strong for such a small fan
 I purchased this fan a few months ago and it was amazing so purchased another for my husband - the second one has only half the power of the original. It must have been redesigned with a loss of power.
 Quiet and effective fan. Perfect for my bathroom without ventilation!
 Just works. The three speeds could vary a bit more (I'd like it a tad lower if I could) but it just runs and runs without issues.
 Small and not too loud, circulates air very well.
 Pretty great Fan for the price and mostly silent
 Pros:<br/>- does what a fan should do<br/>- draws very strong or gentle wind<br/>- very solid and strong plastic<br/>- quiet<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>- won't turn, but who cares<br/>- can't adjust the angle to turn down. I put it on a high place and I can't adjust it to turn to me at all
 Pretty quiet and I like that it can be angled for drying hanging clothes. Also bough one to keep stereo equipment cool in a closet.
 Bought two of these and one only lasted a month... the other is still going for over a year. Non-stop!
 Good little fan that I use in bathroom after hot shower.
 Works as expected. It's a fan.
 Not as strong of wind as I was hoping for
 I thought it might be a little more powerful according to the other reviews, but it still works well.
 Love this fan, works great and quiet. Bring me cool air in Sunmmer.
 Awesome !!!!!
 Father in Law loves these fans so much, he asked that we replace his old one hes had for years with this exact one.
 I'm so happy I purchased this little fan.  Puts out great power and coolness.
 Bigger than I thought but works really well.
 Exactly what I needed for my dorm room at my station. Quiet and moves plenty of air. Recommend if you want a small, versatile fan that isn't annoyingly loud.
 If I could give it zero stars I would. I bought this fan at the end of May 2015 and now it's September 2015 and it's already broken. Faulty product!
 Its pretty good for a small room and for night time. However the knob switch feels bit weak. But works really good. Satisfied with this purchase
 Junk, doesn't perform at all as was advertised
 No power at all
 Does a great job for a small fan
 Puts out a lot of cool air for it's size.  It is also quiet.  Great little fan!!
 Quiet, powerful, perfect desk size.
 I have bought two of these and after a few months they wont start up for 5-30 minutes. My first one stopped working completely after 8 months. These are not built like they used to be. Also the base is much smaller than the older model and feels flimsy.
 it blew all of the air.
 The fan moves a lot of air, but it makes a rattling noise that is very annoying.  I probably got a bad one and should have returned it but I already threw out the box.
 Works ok but doesn't move nearly as much air as they make it out to.  It is quiet but should be for the amount of air flow.
 Arrived dead. Did not power up and run. i tried 2 wall sockets to be sure. I have another one that worked fine for over a year.
 Works great! It basically stays on all day. It does a very good job of circulating the air in the room.
 With everyday use, this worked about a week or two over one year for me.  Will not turn on anymore.
 small. works well for its size
 Small fan with a lot of power
 Barely blows any air even in highest setting
 Nice and pretty quiet.
 I us this in front of my A/C unit to force the cold air around better very quite
 Great little fan. Its so quiet but really powerful. I ordered one for work and another for home.
 We had a really hot summer this year and I used this fan on a daily basis.  It's performed efficiently and really cools down the room.  I highly recommend it.
 WORKS GREAT! Circulates the air just fine. Good size and fast shipping also.
 Thanks
 Broke in a few weeks.  Would no longer work.
 This little fan is pretty darn powerful!  I was shocked at how much power this little guy had! Id order it again if I needed too.
 Great fans!!  Love them, use them at work and st home!!
 Very week
 Worked well while it did... then started taking longer and longer to start up. I guess for $13 you can't expect much.
 reliable silent and steady working fine
 Using it in my office and I love it! It points up which works well for this space.
 We bought this for my 6 month old's bedroom. Eventually the fan started making an odd noise that scared my son at night.
 Great little fan ...
 Fan was working fine for about a month and then something seems to have loosened inside the fan. It is now making very loud rattling noises while operating. Very poor product.
 great fan. just the right amount of white noise and plenty of power
 Super Strong. I use it for my bathroom 24/7 to avoid humidity
 love it
 This fan may be small, but it pushes air like a beast. It kept me perfectly cool before we got the ac's in. I have a large room with high ceilings and this fan moves the air around perfectly so my whole room stays perfectly cool. This is great because sometimes window units dont always cut it. I will definitely buy this product again.
 Nice fan helped warm my house hopefully it work as well this summer cooling my house.  I love the soft fan noise helps me sleep by blocking other anoying sounds!
 Love this fan.  Bought it for work.  Ultra quiet on its lowest setting.
 At first I thought.. Wow this is a lot smaller than I thought it would be. But I freaking love this fan now. I set it on my nightstand and open my window at night and it's so quiet (white noise) yet it kept me really cool last night. Such a good deal you gotta buy this fan.
 I love my fan, its used in my bathroom glad I purchased before it got super hot here in Arizona since every year it gets hotter earlier, Your service on the products you have online are always great.
 small, powerful, quiet, and many options for placement. Wish it had a longer cord, timer or remote.
 Works well and runs quietly.  Like the black color.  Small and variable speeds are good.
 This fan blows! Like it should!
 Low power and bulky design and doesn't point straight up
 I love this fan....very quiet and does just what I needed !!
 I bought this as a desk fan for my cubical at work. Boy does it move air. People walking the aisle way can feel it and it's on low!! Works better than some bigger fans I have for home. Only downside is it kinda smells coming out of the box.
 Motor stopped working after 5 months and I did check the fuse in the plug. The fan did not cost too much but expected to work longer than 5 months.
 Great fan with the white noise however it did not last as long as I would've liked it too just stopped working after about six months
 came quickly and works great.
 Best fan ever! Soooo cheap. Can't believe how great it works for the price.
 Bought this fan for when I travel. I have to say even the smallest one it's hard to find space in my suit case for but I work my way around that.<br/><br/>Two drawbacks though. 1) It doesn't tilt down, only up towards the ceiling. 2) it's a pain to clean because it doesn't disassemble. I'll have to use it only when I travel then put it in a bag so it won't get dirty too offen.<br/><br/>I love the fact that it's very quiet, and compact. Yes I have a bit of a hard time fitting it in my suitcase, but if I didn't have to take it in my case to get easily on a plane or a cruise ship it would be a whole lot different. Oh well I prefer comfort over carrying more clothe that I need. That's why I gave it 5 stars it truly deserves it. If you go for this little fan you won't be disappointed.
 Price is good.
 Great buy.
 Works great!
 It has been working perfectly since I purchased it.
 Perfect fan.
 Great fan. Keeps me super cool at night!
 Good airflow, excellent for creating white noise at night.
 Strong
 As promised it is much much quieter than "similar" models, like the older version of the same fan. For us this is a drawback, but the circulation is so good it's still worth it.
 Not a bad little fan but i wish it had more power.
 ...lol, get it?? Seriously, this would have been a 5 star if it oscillated.
 I buy these for around the house and at the bar (where I work). Work great and last a long time.
 Can’t complain it’s a small fan but I will admit it works well. Does take awhile to cool the room but when it does it’s relaxing 😎
 Fan works great. It stays on all day and is going just like it did on day one.
 Quiet fan, does a good job for my kids room.
 Basic fan that does what it should for a good price
 These are great fans for a desk or personal use, but they are not really going to move a "turbo" amount of circulation in a room.<br/>I would not buy again. JMO.
 Great little fan.  Great circulation on all speeds.
 Used it for one night and it just stopped working in the morning. DO NOT BUT THIS ITEM!!!!
 Smaller then expected, but blows good
 Excellent
 I had my first one for 10 years when it finally died.  This is the little fan that could. I'm sure if I kept the previous one better clean around the motor it would have kept going.  This is a low cost but high powered fan. The previous fan did have a problem after some years where it would tilt upwards unless I put a stopper below the fan sitting on the base.  Annoying but a simple fix.  I've seen other reviews of problems with the base as well and would agree it is a problem but since it's an easy fix it didn't stop me from buying again.  I never tilted the old one so it's probably wear and tear.  I don't expect that Honeywell has addressed the issue based on more recent reviews. This works well for the price and just requires a grain of salt. Would still recommend.
 nice little fan for desk top, would purchase again.
 This is a great little fan at a decent price.
 first one did not work. sent it back and was sent a new one right away
 far, good price
 This fan is amazingly priced, small and therefore portable, has a nice powerful wind, but one problem. I have moderate Tinnitus. This fan isn't very loud, and only partially masks it out. I'm surprised because I thought that turboforce was one of the loudest fans there were. I think they changed this brand, to make it ''better'' but it doesn't help people like me. My search for a louder, more portable fan will continue.
 A real keeper.  Nicely styled compact fan.  And what I wanted most- it's quiet!
 I ended up buying three of these because of there portability and performance.
 perfect item!!!!
 Came fast and works well! Blows air, can't expect anything else.
 High power - small - quiet. Perfect for circulation in a room full of computers that just gets a bit warm in the summer.
 It works well.
 Super powerful little fan
 Terrible broke in a week coulda sent it back but didn’t have box or amazon box
 Very good little fan to create some quite air turbulence in my office. Really enjoy the breeze.
 Very quiet with decent air flow when the fan is within about 6 feet
 Great little fan for dorms that get stuffy during the summer months!
 Just as described
 great little fan, pretty quiet and small for space saving.
 bought another fan fr same dealer cause i was v satisfied w/ the 1st 1.<br/>v.quiet.<br/>consistanly cool.<br/>i love them.
 great small fan, not too noisy. works just right for mr!
 Moves alot of air for the size
 It's worth buying I have a small room so this fits perfectly and does a great job with cooling I've had several fans of this size and most that did this well rattled and moved like a jittery bug. one of these guys is more then enough to cool a small room.
 Perfect small fan. pretty quiet and moves a good amount of air. Attractive design. Replaced a floor fan that took up a lot of room.
 Pretty quiet and moves a lot of air
 This little fan is a great worker. It isn't overly powerful, but does the job just fine.<br/>I love it.
 Works fine good price
 I loved it while it worked. It was a great little fan, not too loud but not to quiet, amd worked like a charm. 8 months later and it's broken.
 My daughters love their new fans!
 It's exactly what I wanted.
 I wasn't expecting much since it was only $15 but what an awesome little fan! It definitely circulates air and is very study.
 great value. I use it in a fairly large Master bedroom. Does the job and is fairly quiet.
 This is a good basic fan, but this is the second I've had to buy.  The first I bought (from a local hardware store, not from Amazon) stopped working after about six months.  Bought the same kind here despite this because it's cheap and because I know it works well for my application (white noise in bedroom, specifically.  also good for drying clothes hung up after wash).
 I purchased this for my office. I love it because it is so quiet. I can still meet with my students without turning it off.
 The fan really is silent considering its airflow. The size is just right for a work desk.
 It moves a lot of air , but if you need a quiet one , you may want to look at something else.
 Good quality took forever to arrive.
 Well worth the price. I use mine daily at my desk job and it does what a fan should do.
 Very powerful for a small size......dorm fan without taking up precious space!
 fine. its a fan, works well. pretty stable.
 The Honeywell is good but it's just pricy , I just figure out that I paid $10 more afte I did a purchase .
 ok
 Terrible fan already makes a weird clicking noise!
 Good
 Quiet white noise and good air flow in a compact design...
 Works really well. If you're looking for a small fan, this is probably the fan you want! It's a strong fan and I like how there are different levels for how much air you want.
 All well
 I'm not sure why the price of this fan fluctuates so much- I bought it for around $14 but the next day, it was $28- but in any case, this is your average fan. It isn't great and it isn't terrible. I thought it would have been a bit bigger- it's kind of a personal size fan-it definitely cannot air condition an entire room.
 Although this functions as a useful small fan it breaks much too easily. I have bought two now, and both broke simply by falling over while standing flat on the ground. Will not buy more.
 Works well.
 Good fan for dorm room.
 Not happy with power or noise (not enough of either).
 This was a gift for my husband. He was very happy with how well the fan is constructed.
 got it to keep me cool while sitting on my desk. keeps me cool.
 It makes a weird buzzing sound when it sits flat
 Really quiet and runs smoothly cools down a whole room. Not en eyesore. the only thing I would change is that it does not adjust up and down very easily.
 The fan has stopped working all of a sudden. I bought it on July 21st , as of October 12th the fan is no longer working. There is no way I could return this product since it has been over 1 month and Amazon won't allow returns beyond this period.
 Amazing product keeps me very cool and is quiet while I'm gaming! Also Honey Well is a very great and trustable brand!
 Works as expected and it's perfect to beat the summer heat!!
 I can feel it from 10 ft away, and it is very quiet
 Perfect size for our bedroom and provides the right amount of "white noise"
 So quiet and powerful! And small!!
 Very cheap price works good.
 I wouldn't even give this product one star. Only reason I bought it is because most reviews said it drowns noise out which it doesn't and said it is turbo force which is not. So I wouldn't recommend anyone to buy this product
 Not as strong as I would have liked it to be.
 Works great and is quiet that you don't even know it on.
 Perfect.
 Great little fan, I can't believe how well is circulates the air, for the price its one of the best out their.
 Fan was OK for about 6 hours, then the bearings and motor started making lots of noise.<br/>Poorly constructed, gets hot quickly, failed almost immediately.<br/>Don't waste your money.
 This fan was a lot smaller than I thought, but it cools the room quickly. It is powerful, perfect size for a dorm room or bedroom. It has three settings which is a plus.
 Great fan to have around. Moving some air can save on your utility bill by not having to set A/C any cooler.
 Fantastic fan! Small but very powerful. Great product!
 Small, good quality fan. Not to noisy either!
 Really great fan for the small price. Very powerful for such a small fan and it really helps to cool off my bedroom. If you need a fan for cheap, this is the one for you.
 has worked fine for us, though it is not used very much.
 Very silent with 3 speeds.  do not need oscillating due to it being very light in weight
 works great
 Smaller than I expected, but perfect for circulation of air.
 Great fan. Turbo just like it said. Love ir
 Mighty strong and very reasonably priced!
 Great fan but we bought it for white noise. It's too quite.
 This fan does a fantastic job for how cheap and portable it is. It's also very quiet. Great for putting next to your bed while you sleep at night.
 Quiet and effective for smaller area,good value for the money.his is the second one we have purchased.
 We live in 3 Floor condo and our bedrooms are in 3rd floor, so central AC won't cool off our bedrooms. With AC on it is usually 80-83 degrees and we placed this turbo fan near our vent and it actually helped our room cool off better than before.<br/>It won't lower room temperature significantly but it helped little.
 I was thinking it would be a tad bigger, but that is my fault.  works fine...would like to see more power on high, but for the money good value
 I love this fan and highly recommend it
 This is a small fan I use in my workshop. It could be quieter but it's not bad. It is very powerful for a small fan. I would buy it again.
 Don't buy.  Died after less than two months.
 Purchased on 9/1. Died on 10/9. 8 days outside the return window. I guess you get what you paid for.  Next time I'll spend the $2.99 for the 4 year warranty.
 We use this at night when we sleep.  It does a great job and is very very quiet.  I don't go to bed without turning it on!
 This product was perfect for traveling! Great for the price and shipped quickly....
 It blows, but a little too large for my desk.
 Works well in my husbands office.
 This is absolutely the saddest excuse for a fan I have ever encountered.  On the highest setting, I can easily place the fan 2 inches from my face without the "air stream" even moving an eyelash.  Please do not market your product using the word "POWER," unless of course you are only doing so to describe needing an electrical outlet to slightly turn the blade to whisper out the modest puff of air this product produces.
 Powerful little fan for blowing smoke out of my place through the window.
 I use this fan everyday and it is not to loud. I took it to presentation once.
 It's a small fan but it has the power of a larger fan. It is wonderful and I will definitely buy another.
 strong and durable. blows like a hurricane!
 Quit working after 4 months. Motor locked up
 Received a faulty unit.<br/>It did not work. I had to return the item.
 Works great but a bit noisy
 Pro:<br/>- Good fan for the money<br/><br/>Con:<br/>- Setting 3 could be stronger<br/><br/>- It would be nice if the range of motion was increased slightly.
 My advice would be to put more money into a fan.
 quite and powerful
 Exactly what you'd expect. Works great.
 One year and 5 months later and it's no longer working.
 Broken right after 30 days!
 Great small fan. The only flaw is that it stopped working in under 4 months. I didn't spend a lot on the fan but feel it should work longer than 4 months.
 This is a good fan but it is a little noisy and smaller than I expected.Would recommend this if you don't need a very quiet fan for the location.
 Stopped working 15 days after purchase.
 I personally like a loud fan to sleep with, but this works really well at work.
 A little loud but it moves a lot of air for its size.  Great value.
 Good fan. Fair price.
 works great -- notice... no oscillation
 Powerful and pretty quite fan. Love that you can adjust the angle of the air flow.
 It works very well and has a great value for the price.
 This is the second Honeywell fan I bought, it it is a strong and well built, well worth the money.
 Love it ❤️❤️❤️
 I didn't notice the measurements. It is smaller than I had imagined but seems to work okay.
 Poor fan speed, on high setting it does not provide much air flow.  Middle and low is useless setting on the fan.  Fan noise is quite loud for a small fan.  Seems to have poor quality, I would not recommend this fan if your looking to have a decent fan.
 It worked well enough when I bought it, but after a year of everyday use it finally broke down. The reason its 3 stars and not lower is even though it broke after a year, it did do its job everyday for many hours a day. Which is pretty good for a 15 dollar fan I just wished it lasted longer.
 Powerful little fan. Louder than expected, but really nice.
 This fan is great for what we need. We ordered it to take to the beach for nap time.  Would order again and recommend it to others.
 Blows air well
 Excellent
 Packaging was great. Works well. Quiet fan especially on low speed.<br/>Thankful to have it. Would get another if I ever needed another.
 It's okay, just not as powerful as I thought it would be.
 TurboForce Air Circulator Fans work great for my granddaughters.
 Great product
 I have been using one for almost 2 years. It makes very little noise and performs really well.
 I have to have a fan to sleep, and my old one was falling apart....This  is a great quality fan.  Everything I expected...
 Good size....I already have a pedestal fan from Honeywell. Great products &amp; a great buy!
 Keeps the kitchen cool.
 Very deep back.  More substantial than it looks in pics takes up alot of space... bulky!  Work well though!
 Great price for this little fan.
 I'm not a FANNNN<br/>Gettt itt<br/>caause its a fan<br/>lol it bad<br/>peep my youtube<br/>Youtbe.com/pewiodiepie
 Great little fan! No complaints here. Would buy again any day!
 It blows air
 And I mean really blows,,, really like it, perfect for my desk.
 Works good, Not TurboForce worthy though, works for the night stand but not that strong. It is a small guy but good price
 Quiet and does circulate air quite well in office! Thank you
 Best fan by far.
 I love the fan.  It definitely keeps me cooler than I ever even thought! I would recommend buying it! Excellent!
 very quiet, 3 speeds, lightweight, a great buy
 Great price for great fan!
 Amazing fam for the price!
 This fan is powerful and quiet.  It's the best.
 Small, but it gets the job done.
 I am using this to spread the haze during DJ events, and this works perfectly.
 fan does what it is supposed to do, circulate air in our living room.  However it is a bit noisy.
 Very quiet and surprisingly powerful for its small size. It takes up virtually no space at all.
 THis fan worked good until a week ago and it died. I replaced the fuse and it will not work. Starting making a noise a week before it died.
 only giving four stars, because the fan makes kind of a loud noise.  but does work great.  no other issues with it
 ok
 A lot of breeze from such a small fan.
 Replaced an older one at work and you can barely hear that its on unless you crank it all the way to high.  I rarely need to bump it even to medium.
 Powerful for its size. Excellent quality fan for the price.
 Stopped working in less then a year
 This fan is pretty quiet and moves the air around well. When my last one finely died (20yrs old) I went with the same company. They work!
 had a rubber burnt smell
 Amazing output and it's sturdy enough to stand a fall (or five). I definitely recommend for college students in dorms.
 Fan stopped working shortly after the return window.
 Best fan ever
 Good fan!!
 I impulse purchased this fan in a fit of rage as my office A/C wasn't working. Of course it took 2 days to arrive and the A/C was fixed by then, but it's nice having a nice gentle cool breeze coming from under my desk now.
 One of the most reliable fans I've used. It gives off a good flow of air for a surprisingly far distance. It makes about as much noise as an average fan would. This feels perfect for a small bedroom.
 I bought this to keep at work and was so pleased I ordered one for my home.
 Smaller than what I thought they would be for the price...
 Very powerful for a little fan. Love the tilt feature.
 good for small area
 A little noisey.
 This fan moves a lot of air for such a little thing great for any part of the house you can even attach the base to a wall.
 Lasted less than a year... same price at Home Depot and they would have accepted a return.  Don't get it - it is inexpensive, but to have to keep buying them - hassle.
 It looks identical to a Honeywell fan I used to own - and it's way less noisy... but also way less powerful.  Not great if you want serious air circulation, but it does the trick if you're looking for a light breeze.
 I love the compact size and the amount power for the size of the fan. It is quiet and it looks good. Will buy another for my office.
 these fans work well.
 We use fans a lot, and this one just kind of dies after a few months. In my opinion, that is too quick.
 Very quiet and small besides
 Very satisfied .
 I've been using this same fan for 6 months after it was originally used in my AIT for keeping my gaming laptop cool, amnd now its still working after it has fallen, being kicked, tossed around, and etc. I dont see why people are having issues with the hinges, it stays upright and facing where i point it just fine.
 Great quality for the price.
 Same great fan found at a local store at half the price!
 Rest in piece little fan. Brought it home 1/3/2016 and it died today, 1/1/2018. 2017 was a hard year... even for this little guy.
 Just enough white noise to tune out external noises. Seriously has improved my quality of sleep.
 Was listed on Battery Operated Fans section.  Really works on 110v electric.  I purchased this for when the power goes off during a Hurricane.  This is of no use to me
 Fan did not work. It was used with dust.
 We have been useing Honeywell fans for years.<br/>This is our 2nd one of this size. Cannot go wrong for the money.
 It's pretty powerful despite the size. But of course in a small area only which is what I had intended for it anyway.
 powerful fan but quite noisy.  good for garage use
 Works great! Sturdy and quiet.
 The power is not good enough!but worth the price.
 Nice and quiet, very powerful. Adjusting is a little wonky but overall a very good product
 It rattles. Will return
 Nice, quiet.
 LOve this fan for the price
 Works as it says.
 Great little fan! It is cheap, reasonably quiet, plenty powerful, and doesn't look bad. Not much else I could need out of a fan,
 We have a couple of these fans now. They work very well using up minimal space.
 Fans work well.  Has plenty blowing power.  3 different speed.  Small enough to put on window sill.
 aa
 Its okay but I expected more air movement
 Good speed levels, quiet, stable base, I recommend this for small spaces
 Holding my hand in front of it wasn't enough to know if it was on - I actually had to look to see if the blades were spinning. My husband asked (in disbelief) if it was on. I think that sums it up - going back. Don't waste your money.
 Amazing little fan. Works best with central A/C.  But, it works great. Can be wall mounted.
 Nice fan
 Works well and is noticeably quieter than the previous model.
 Worked great for awhile, its really slowed down now.  The high feels like the original low.
 This fan works well and is simple to use. Would recommend it to just about everyone.
 Good quiet fan I use in my office.  Excellent airflow.
 great  product
 Nice and light weight prefect fix in top of my dresser .. nice and quite I'm really enjoying this product ...
 Nice quite just not as fast as I had expected<br/>Dutiable tho
 The packaging was opened when I received it. It was ok.
 I use this on my desk to keep me cool while sitting at the computer.  Speed settings are good and it angles well to keep it from blowing papers off the desk.
 awesome
 Seems like a good fan, but I can't believe how little air it moves on the highest speed. Do not buy if you're expecting a powerful fan.
 Not as powerful as i expected and super quite.
 Replaced my old one!  Great bathroom fan
 Works really well, Not as quite as I thought it would be, but i am happy with my fan..
 Got it for my grandma, and she has no complaints. It still works. It is a pain in the butt to clean, but most fans are.
 Quiet, good product.
 Got for the office.  Works great!
 Probably the best travel purchase I've ever made. Fan is small, box holds up nicely for transportation, and the blades move a LOT of air for such a small device.
 Great
 It is fine, but truly NOT a long lasting product.
 I saw several people say that this fan makes TOO much noise, and I thought, GREAT!! However, while it does a good job at cooling, it's not nearly as loud as I hoped. Obviously those people have issues. Otherwise a great fan.
 I use it at my work desk and have it on the lowest setting. It’s relatively quiet and works great!
 Small but pretty powerful.
 Cool
 Fan lacked power, and quit working after two months of use.
 Great force, keeps my office nice and  cool on the lowest setting.  Great for any small space.
 Works great!!
 I thought they were bigger fans when I ordered but they are great
 Great
 not very powerful
 Great product!!!
 Not terribly powerful, but does the job in a small space. I think it is well made.
 I purchased this product on August 24, 2017. On September 27, 2017 it stopped working. Guess when the return window ended? September 25th. How convenient. #FAIL
 Moves a lot of air and is a reasonable price. a solid bargain to help cool your home or office
 It is relatively quiet and quite powerful as well. Mountable and light-weight. If only it had an auto rotate option!
 good and quiet
 This is a cheap and powerful fan. I use it in the office and cools me down quickly after stepping out in the hot summer day.
 I own may Honeywell fans.  The price was right, so I decided to buy them during the winter.  They always sell out in the summer and the price always goes up.
 Stopped working after awhile
 Other than "Honeywell Super Turbo ThreeSpeed Fan" We bought a week ago, we have the following other 3 fans in our apartment:  Holmes HACP9 / Vornado 530 / Lasko 4000, and the winner is Honeywell, it delivered lots of air with quietest noise!
 ok fan but not really powerful
 great quality
 Moves a LOT of air for it's small size, not loud at all - barely audible from 5 feet away, does not disrupt the office. Keeps me comfortable :)
 Great little fan! I sleep with it on all night! And I can't sleep without it. Good quality and good price.
 Used in my garage.  Only lasted two months.
 very good price
 I love it! Quiet and really cools my work area!
 Amazing fan for an amazing price. This thing is definitely worth more than what it costs. Nice that it can be oriented in many directions.<br/><br/>You can get the oscillating version if you need it as well; this version does not oscillate.
 For the price it's a good fan. The air stream is not that strong and it does not tilt down well. If you're looking for something simple it's a go to. If you want more power and better movement, not the fan for you.
 This fan is awesome, saved me in the hot heat.
 Perfect size for nightstand and feels good!
 Perfect for my stuffy office.  Pretty quiet
 We actually bought this to create noise to drown out the snoring dogs.  Little did we know it would be the quietest fan ever so whomever designed this really did a good job.  Cools well and a good price.
 worst product ever made, got busted as soon the power was turned on
 Bought this for my office and it works great!
 great item
 Died after a week. Do not waste your money
 This fan is great. Thinking about buying one for each room!
 Ideal size for behind my desk at work.
 GREAT
 Its been working wonderfully.  It has three modes and works for what I wanted it.
 nice
 I have this fan on my office desk at work. It is quiet enough not to annoy anybody in the adjacent cubicles. I keep it on the lowest setting all summer and my area feels great.
 I expected a smaller, hand size, fan however, I kept all five of them because it rapidly cool down a large area (600 sf) with a12 foot ceiling in less 10 minutes in commercial space (low sound, close to white noise). The three speed adjustable and tilt features made it versatile.
 Does the trick
 Narrowly missed getting 3 stars.<br/><br/>When it first arrived, it had a nasty rattle that made it extremely noisy. Over time, though, the rattle resolved, and now it's a smooth quiet purr. Great fan.
 Bigger than I thought it would be. Too big for my desk. Nice quite fan so I kept it.
 works really well, it's small and pushes a good volume of air for its size
 Best for the money. good build quality.
 great little fan
 Great Little Fan .... very quiet and powerful
 Excellent for the hot summer days!. Cool, quiet and cheap
 Great bedroom fan, perfect size, great price.
 Very powerful!
 Still working after a year!
 I have to have this brand of fan to sleep. Love it!! ❤
 Best fan for indoor cycling. Small, but powerful fan.
 Was just what I wanted. Works great.
 Works very well.  Knob is in a sort of strange place but it does what it's supposed to do without taking up much space or making much noise.
 Fan works very well and is very quiet. Circulates air well while giving off just a hum. Great "white noise" for sleeping.
 Just what I wanted, good quality, good price, good shipping.
 Super quiet and works well on my desk at work.
 great
 actually quieter than I wanted
 I guess the volume is good that it's quiet but we wanted it more for white noise than an actual fan, so we wish it wasn't as quiet!
 These work great!  Bought a couple of them!!!
 Quiet, moves a lot of air.
 Great fan. Is small and inconspicuous. Does a good job of cooling, without much noise.
 Works great and can't beat the price
 Love it!!!
 Gets the job done!  I use it to circulate my basement heater which is a ventless gas heater.  It does an excellent jot pushing the air around the entire basement.  All for $15!!!
 Solid little fan. Quiet. Three settings.
 Worked for 3 months without an issue.  Ran it maybe 6-8 hours a day.  Stopped working suddenly.  Would expect even a cheap fan to last longer than that.
 gift... my daughter likes it and it repkaces the old one in her room that had finally given up and blown no more
 Does exactly what you think it will. Good buy
 Powerful and portable. A great addition to my house.
 I love these little fans, they're real workhorses. This is my third unit and the are small, powerful and quiet.
 I was scared to open the product because the box was in pretty bad shape. Thankfully, the plastic inside that held the fan was torn, but the fan itself untouched - Although, who knows how much the fans been banged up on the way here. I wouldn't be surprised if the fan stops working...<br/>When I turn it on, the sound is louder than I'd want it to be (I bought it to cool myself down at the office, currently partitioned, but soon to be an open concept office) but not loud enough for me to return it. The fan size is a little big and might be a determining factor for those who have limited desk space.<br/>The fan is pretty strong, even on the lowest setting, moves the air around and kept me cool.
 Been running non-stop since July
 I have used these Honeywell Fans, the one I am replacing is about 5 years old and is having trouble starting. It is good value
 great little fan, seems to do all the functions i expected
 Works well. It's a little loud, but at the price I expected this.
 I like it!
 Not quite as powerful as I'd hoped. It was cheap though so I can't complain. I will buy the more powerful one next time
 Huge force behind this little fan!
 Good fan and helped keep my camper cool
 Don't buy it. Mine stopped working in less than two months with very little use. BAD QUALITY PRODUCT
 wonderful
 It's small but generates enough wind.. level 1 is enough for me to help the air circulation in my room
 I am using this right now as I type.  Love it.
 we love our little fan
 I need a fan blowing against my face at night and this one is the best!
 A lot smaller than I thought it was going to be and doesn't run too fast, but blows just enough air so that I can sleep comfortably.
 The fan is really good for it's price. Way better than the box fans or self rotating fans. Well worth the price.
 It has the weakest fan speed. Even on the highest setting, it barely blows air. It is also difficult to adjust and doesn't point downward.
 The fan looks nice but  even on the high setting does not blow very hard.
 Nice while it lasted, broke within a year. Just stopped working for unknown reasons
 Works great in my little room.
 Love these fans...they are quiet and very helpful in moving the air around
 This fan works well, but is very loud. I can only use the lowest setting or it is way too loud.
 Works great, nice compact size. Very portable
 Just got it today and I love it
 The fan is a from Mexico knock off and Baret works.
 great small fan for personal use in bedroom puts out a lot of air cools me down very fast daily
 good price, quick delivery, accurate description
 Great little air mover.  Reasonably quiet.  Love that it doesn't take up much space.
 Great! Use it every day.
 Its a fan, it does what its suppose to. Good if its directly pointed to you
 Great compact size, not very noisy so if you want a fan for noise maybe not this one. Three speed settings.
 High velocity?? More like medium low velocity
 Very quiet. Good Air Flow.
 Been using this fan for less than a month for background noise while sleeping and it's already making a whirring sound (not a relaxing sound!) like it's about to break apart. Will pay up for vornado next time.
 A little smaller than I thought it would be, but I think it will work OK in my application.
 Very nice little fan.
 Exactly as marketed.  Solid performance.  Would buy again
 Very small and doesn’t move much air!
 Good, small personal fan... a little too projectional, but that makes it more powerful.
 Exceptionally impressed with the power from this fan. Perfect for my bedroom which needed better ciculation
 This fan broke within a few months of having it.  I'm just now getting around to finding another fan and writing this review.
 I love this fan .. Quite powerful for the size!!
 Awesome price, not noisy and perfect size for my bedroom! Great product!
 Works well
 Great deal, I keep it at work and it works well.
 No complaints!
 This fan kicks a$$.  This works better than those box fans on its lowest speed.  I bought this for my office because the ladies here get so cold and I dont.  I got this because anything would be better than nothing.  It exceeds my expectations.  To all of those people complaining about the smell... Its called plastic.  Plastic has chemicals in it.  It is not toxic.  Stop complaining.
 Thanks
 Great price for this powerful little fan. Using it in the garage, bedroom and all over the house.
 Good only for small spaces. Toddler safe.
 Great fan, pretty small, cools fairly well, pretty sturdy and fits on my small bookcase. Taking a star off tough because it is pretty noisy on the highest speed.
 Good enough,silent, not too strong and smaller than I expected
 It’s great it keeps me cool all the time even in extreme heat.
 I got this fan to use in my office.  It is very quiet and cools very well.
 Great Quiet Fan for the Office.  Very light weight.
 Excellent and will recommend without hesitation. Great buy for a great price.
 It didn't last 2 weeks. I don't know what to make it, it just stopped working.
 Moves a lot of air for a small fan.
 small but mighty, the speed is strong and throws out lots of air. I think it is certainly worth the money - considering I have it on all the time.
 Works ok. Moves a lot of air
 Son uses it in his dorm room. He loves it! Says it's very quiet.
 This fan even though is powerful enough to keep my cool on hot summer nights.
 Great, very powerful.  We love it.  Small and compact enough for easy storage.  Super powerful.
 blows hard :)
 very good fan for personal use nice to have don't make noice can cool a small room in mere seconds
 Love this fan. Super compact but powerful. We have 3 of them!
 Produce size isn't listed correctly. It doesn't blow much air even on the highest setting.
 Good quality but a lil bit week, my fault didn't know much about fans n its power options.
 Very reliable, and not nearly as loud as I would have thought.
 crap. crap. crap. bought 2, both lasted little over 60 days.
 For the price and the size and what we wanted it for it does meet our needs and we like it quite well.  My only thing is it's not as "turboforce" as it makes it sound in the description.  Grant it we bought the smaller 11" so I am not sure if that makes a difference.  It is much quieter then the fan we had before but not as strong.  But we wanted something with a lower height to pull cigarette smoke to be directed out and away from our semi enclosed deck and it does do that quite well.  Alternately when we do have it pointed directly at us it does provide a decent breeze but just not super powerful.  Size, shape, cost and all told it's good enough for what we wanted.
 Works great!
 Got this for my husband and he loves it. It does the job that he wanted it to do. Will purchased again if need one.
 Strong compact fan.  Great pivot-ability on the z-axis (up and down)
 Small but mighty.  This fan looks sleek and works well. Great buy for the price.
 I am a college student and bought this fan for my dorm room to keep me cool during the hot summer nights. This is a great fan. It has 3 speeds and is adjustable. I really like it, though it can be quite loud (when it's on the highest setting). However, this is not too much of an issue for me. It really isn't as loud as I thought it would be, based off all the other reviews. It's very much worth the money as it is efficient and keeps you cool. I would definitely recommend this.
 I found that the Honeywell Turboforce Fan works very well. I use it on my front, screened-in porch in Florida.
 I was searching for a small fan to go on the side of my bed for husband because he gets really hot when he sleeps. This fan was the perfect size and blows alot of air for the size it is! And it doesn't take up a whole lot of space.
 Awesome fan I have it at work on my desk, it is just a tid bit big but its way better then those little fan,s very powerful love it and great quality!!
 One of the best investments ever, if you need a compact air circulator, then look no further. This is silent and powerful at the same time!
 Gets cold quick, but I love it!
 This arrived exactly as promised.
 Great product
 Powerful little fan.  Fits perfectly on my desk.
 I realize a lot of companies make their products out of cheap materials that smell terrible, and as a chemically sensitive person, I found the stench of Honeywell's TurboForce Fan (HT-900) to be nothing short of overwhelming. My husband, someone who isn't as sensitive to odors as I am, couldn't even stand to have it on his desk, which is where we'd intended it to go.  I should have expected it, especially given the reasonable price, but I assumed that the plastic would air out, as most plastics do.  Sadly, two months later, this thing still smells totally toxic.<br/><br/>I realize that not everyone will find this information helpful, but if, like me, you're sensitive to chemicals or odors, you'll want to skip this one.
 awesome very quite
 Not too loud and circulates the air well.
 Quiet and clean just what I wanted.
 Worked well for a little while. After about a month and a half it started making a buzzing noise while on. Then two weeks after that it stopped working completely. Would not buy this product again.
 Wanted more noise for "white noise" effect. But works well
 Mine's a year old now and it's slowed down a tiny bit. Still going strong, though!
 Not very strong
 Little powerhouse fan.
 Super value, good price
 Dead after 15 months .
 Its Small but works very well and super quiet.
 Perfect for what i was looking for! LOVE the 3 settings, having just one would have really sucked.
 As expected.
 LIKE I SO MUCH I ORDERED A SECOND ONE.
 Good fan. Ordered January 21, 2017, stopped working August 27, 2018
 Perfect size, quiet, but not too quiet.  This fan was perfect and I love that it adjusts.  No complaints here!  Great purchase.
 Bought this product and motor chipped out after two days of short use.
 Super quiet
 Very powerful for small size.
 Well, I have others that I really like. This one doesn't work and I can't get anyone to pay any attention, so I'm being honest. I just bought this from Amazon in Oct. It's only 3 months later and the motor doesn't run right and they won't take it back and the hotline number on the box has a 25 minute hold time. So, here it is.
 Everything as promised.  Would purchase from this seller again.
 I keep this fan on 24/7 to keep air circulating in my little room in Afghanistan. This little fan definitely moves the air.
 The wind is not strong enough to be function well as circulator. Not turbo at all.
 Great for it's size and really silent. Easy to move to wherever it is needed and can't beat the price.
 Best Personal Fan
 The fan works great since the room it is being used in is very stuffy and hot.  The person that I got it for loves it
 It provides cool air in hot places. Five stars.
 AWSOME
 It works as advertised.
 Worked for one day and died. Horrible buy!
 It worked for less than a week, so needless to say a late of money and time
 Fan is very small but very efficient. I have it on my bed side table and it works great.
 Such a quality fan for a low price. Use this to help cool me off after working out during lunch at work. Fan doesn't have any annoying high pitched noises or squeaks like other fans tend to have
 Works fine at a good price
 Thats how great these little fans are.  Very strong and very quiet for the output.  This little guy has a problem flipping up, but its easily fixed.  Love it!
 This small fan is quiet and does put out so much air flow that you will think it is twice the size that it is.
 I don't understand why all of the bad reviews. I normally don't write a review but this product for the price cannot be beat.  Very strong air output and is quiet.
 I purchased this to dry the extra moisture created after a hot shower.  So far so good!
 These are great if you put them in an an unassuming place and place them towards a ceiling fan!, working with it! It really works! Not too loud!
 Works great for a small fan.
 Love the fan.  Put it under my desk at work and it is quiet enough not to tip off the boss and keeps me cool all day.
 NOT AS STRONG AS I WOULD HAVE HOPED
 excellent product, fast shipping
 Great!
 Not much air is moved with this fan.
 Quiet and forceful.  A good buy.
 This is a little bit louder than I expected, but it's compact and effective.
 Love it..Florida must have
 Ridiculously loud. What’s worse is the noise is inconsistent.
 Quit after 6 months. Never made a distress noise,  just wouldn't turn back on. Big disappointment.
 Bought it for a sleep fan. It's loud and not a nice white noise loud.
 Moves a good amount of air, but gets a little more noisy over time.
 for the price and size, great fan.  works great and I've had for a while
 Small but powerful.
 Nice small fan puts out a good amount of air. I would buy them again
 cute little fan for a small table - I use it next to the bed
 Enough power to cool my computer.
 Works great! Smallish fan that fits anywhere but really moves the air.
 Perfect size for home, garage, or camper. Quiet enough to use while sleeping and can be mounted on wall or ceiling or just free standing.
 Decent fan for the money. Not very loud though.<br/><br/>Edit. Have only had fan for 8 months and it has stopped working. I would not recommend this fan at all.
 Works like you would expect it to work--it's a fan!  Quiet and powerful, worth the money!
 its been on since i bought it 6 months ago
 Puts off a lot of air and circulates air very well
 Great little fan. Puts out more air than my old box fan. Reliable, and quiet. There's a reason why this is the first result when you search for "fan" on Amazon. Will lokely purchase more.
 blows pretty hard for a little guy
 Great fan.
 Great fan
 Works great in my bedroom.  One of the hotter rooms in the house. :)
 Good appliance...I use it at my computer desk every day.  Three speeds - I use the low speed and it is more than adequate!
 Extraordinary product!!!
 Works great
 Very powerful for its size?
 Just as expected works great to move air through the house.
 Works great
 It's a little noisy for my taste but it gets the job done.
 ok
 My 13 year old dog loves it
 Works well.  Good price!
 Kept me cool all summer.
 A great buy at $12 something!  Yay!
 I had previously purchased this fan. It works perfect for my needs. Ordered again for another place.
 This is the best fan I have ever purchased! It's very small, but size clearly does not matter with this fan! Very happy with this purchase.
 Works great the only thing that stopped me from giving 5 stars is that it produces too much air for me as a desk fan on the low setting.
 perfect for a small room
 Great product
 Makes a horrible noise. I'm getting my money back
 Good as imagined.
 Spectacular fan. Perfect to sleep to.
 Fan died right after return window. Bought the same model in June and it is still going strong...this one was a dud.
 Works great, quiet, sturdy but lightweight.
 I thought it goes round but not. All the same it's good. Thanks
 We use these for white noise at my  house. Love them.
 I like it.
 for suck small fans they work great and blow out cool air will buy more
 Bought this for white noise, but it's pretty quiet.
 Bought it for my wife to take to work. She said it was exactly what. She needed, perfect size.
 Nice little fan, quiet, moves a lot of air.
 Great little fan that gives off so much air!
 Best fan, I have three!
 Works well with little noise
 Excellent quality! Just as I expected.
 What a deal best fan ever.
 I love this fan, had it for three years now until it's dead now. I'm ordering another one! 😘
 Very good! Small and useful!
 good little fan
 Portable and powerful. A++
 Perfect fan for the bedroom.<br/>Creates pleasant sound for "white noise" to sleep to.<br/>Perfect to use with my my exercise equipment to keep me cool as I work out.<br/>I liked it so much, I bought one for each bedroom.
 Perfect
 my favorite fan and better priced than any store!
 I was hoping to use this fan to block out noise and to help my child sleep. But it's the complete opposite! I can barely hear if it's on and it does not push much air at all.
 Fan puts out a decent amount of air. It isn't very cool but it will circulate the current hot air around. It's also way too loud to have at a desk. Not thrilled with this purchase at all. I found a much better fan for a just a few dollars more that is better in every single way.
 Powerful and quiet, what else does one need?
 We bought this fan in October and it died in April lasting a whole 6 months. Worked well until then- just wish I wasn't having to replace it already.
 This fan is horrible it makes a terrible noise.
 I won't use another fan again.
 My sister likes it
 1st fan's motor slowed then died completely at just over one-year old.  Bought a 2nd fan a month ago and the motor mysteriously stops while running.  BUYER BEWARE!
 This fan is great for wind/breeze production. But we wanted a small fan for white noise....and it is virtually silent at the highest setting. Otherwise, it is a great fan. It just did not serve the purpose we were looking for.
 Sturdy
 its a fan. it blows air. hasn't caught fire yet.
 A decent fan, however I bought it for the white noise to sleep too.  It is way too quiet.
 It's a fan. Works great.
 Great fan! Lightweight, and by far the quietest fan I've ever had.
 Excellent for keeping cool at work perfect desk fan
 Powerful little fan for its size. Sturdy and stands well without tipping over. Has an unintended dual purpose in my kids' bedroom at night: white noise (for it's not-too-loud, but not-too-quite sound). This is also great since it doesn't over power the baby monitor.
 Small, powerful,  and very quiet. Great purchase
 Great deal very good
 I keep this fan on my desk at work. It saves my life on a daily basis when I come in from outside in the summer.
 It was what I exoected. I'm very pleased with it.
 great little fan!
 Gets the job done for a small room with one person in it.
 love it
 great fan use it for work--quite
 Excellent fan for the price.  Moves the air very efficiently.
 nice fan with low voice and powerful stream of air. I love this mall wind blower !
 Works great.
 You cant beat this fan for the price. It's basically silent and extremely powerful and only $15.99 when I got it.
 Lots of power while being small and quiet. Would buy this again
 Works fine.
 excelente producto
 Just loud enough to give me that white noise I need
 Good for a slight breeze but I wanted a strong wind. The name Turboforce is very deceiving.
 Fan died after a few months.  Poorly built with a cheap switch.
 Ok for the price........
 This really is nice, received it yesterday and am very pleased. I wanted it more than anything for white noise because my neighborhood is often just annoyingly noisy. This may indeed wean me of ear plugs. I used the low setting last night to good effect. It's close to a pure white noise and on low not very loud.<br/><br/>I measured electricity usage today. On high it's 32 watts, medium is 28 watts, low is 24 watts.
 Has enough power for a small fan
 Great power for a little fan.
 it's very good
 Works well but after about 2 months of use it's started to rattle a little but it eventually fades away after 30 minutes of leaving it on
 great fan easy install a +++and a great price and it came right  to my door just in time it is getting cold this sis my 2nd one
 Great fans. Have about 5 of these now. Have a nice humming noise to block out other noise.
 Some people complained how loud the fan is in other reviews. I disagree. I purchased it for city background noise and it is quieter than I would like. Other people complained it doesn't adjust correctly on a table or floor but i think it is sturdy. It works well as a portable fan for additional air circulation.
 Good quality.
 Somewhat noisy. Blows well though
 Exactly as advertised :)
 I am happy with my purchase. I would buy from seller again.
 Very strong airflow for indoor use!
 Can't beat it for the price.
 Does not blow enough air
 Works well, not too big. I use it while on stage in my band.
 Very small fan does little to help cool bedroom at night. The fan is fairly quite so I gave it 2 stars
 Had fan for 8 months, already has a loud rattle, it is under warranty but it going to cost about $10 to ship it back and it was only a $15 fan.
 Very quiet, strong s fan.
 Stopped working after a month.  wont turn-on
 Really great and cold !
 Small but powerful
 Just as described,works great,super fast shipping!
 fan work fine, but is not as sturdy as expected.  well packaged.
 Great small fan. Blows great and not to loud. Great price!
 Works pretty well. Fan is not as quiet as I’d like on low, but it does the job.
 Great for the price!
 order 2 of them one worked the other has no power to the fan and makes noise. sent it back for another one hope this one works
 Surprising power for the size, good for home or office
 Good product.  Great value.  Highly recommend.
 The fan was not very powerful, did not push a lot of air out. Will be returning
 quiet fan. Moves a lot of air. Just hope it's durable!
 it/s a fan
 best there is
 Use it in my office and it's great
 Nice little fan for desktop at work.
 Great little fan
 I'm kind of a fan.
 Perfect for my desk at work.  This thing blows hurricane force winds, it blows so hard that people cant come into my office due to the gale force winds keeping them out.
 After 5 minutes something inside it burnt
 small and quite, i like it.
 I've had one of these for 10 years and it finally died.  These are great fans.
 Great little fan
 Does the job
 This small fan offers a good bit of bang for the buck, but don't expect it to cool the whole room.
 Nice cool fan. Would recommend it.
 Perfect buy and it saved me from going to the dreadful WAL-MART.  Thank you Jesus!
 Very Quite and compact. Fits in my camper nicely.
 This small fan really works well
 Great product works perfectly
 Great fan but a bit noisy
 Great small fan.  Really moves the air around in the room.  Perfect for a bedroom or small room.
 Died after only four months of use.  Not reliable.
 Well worth the cheap price! Moves air very well for its size.
 nice
 I bought this to help move the hot air around from the pellet stove.  For the most part it works just fine just wish it was a little stronger to move more air but for the price and the size it's well worth the price and does the job
 really nice, exactly what I was looking for
 I would not buy this again
 Great fan.  I use this at work and love how quiet it is.
 Broke after a month
 Piece of junk!
 Great fan with plenty of air movment
 It performs perfectly even for it's small size. It's exactly what I needed.
 love it
 Exactly what I expected!!!
 My 92 year old friend had looked everywhere for this particular size fan.......so, I checked on Amazon and there it was........and at a great price........It made a great gift for her for Christmas as she is so hard to buy for.
 I like the fan and received  around December 11th.  It stopped working after 9 months.  Looks like I can't send this item back since I have had the fan for more than 60 days.  I thought Honeywell would have a warranty of 1 year.  I can't contact the seller who is  Laserline.
 All time favorite fan....have used this type for 15 years.
 Small, powerful, quiet,👍
 Too small, go to the next size to take care of a room.
 Great little fan. Produces good quality white noise.
 It sits on my desk at work and the lowest setting is enough to cool me down after a walk to get lunch on a hot day and quiet enough not to bother others. I call it 'the jet stream'.
 Good for the price
 Works Great!  moves lots of air with out being too loud.
 I use this to help move air around in my RV nice, quite, moves a substantial amount of air around.
 nice
 Does what it is supposed to do.
 Perfect little fan to keep in all the bedrooms for a little air movement and white noise
 Powerful fan for a great price
 This fan blows!  That's a compliment for a fan.  It's easy to use and delivers a gentle breeze or a strong one.
 Did what I needed it to do. Definitely more quiet than I expected
 It doesn't take up much space its powerful like it very much
 Works great!
 THIS IS SO LITTLE YET SO POWERFUL, JUST LIKE ME :)
 The most critical part of this grinder broke after only a few times of use.  Pretty on the outside, rubbish on the inside, so typical of cheap consumer products. Don't waste your money!
 For the price this really is a good fan. But I would suggest getting it if you won't use it a lot. I ran it at all night and a little during the day. After 9 days it died. My parents have one and use it only a little during the day and it's worked great for them.
 So quiet and very powerful.
 This fan HARDLY blows when at speed 3. It's top speed is the low speed of all fans I've had. It does hang on the wall which is cool. Its better for white noise than cooling a room.
 Great fan - has good power.  I wanted a fan that generates enough of a humming sound to drown out common outside noises (traffic, neighbors' barking dogs, etc), as well as husband's occasional snoring.
 Nice little fan. Not very loud. Kicks up a good breeze when you need it. I got two to help dry out my various art projects and have used one to vent the kitchen when the cooking gets crazy. Can move it to point up/ adjust the angle, but it can't be positioned to point downward. Works well.
 Wish the noise was a little louder. But still very happy with the product.
 Bought on sale for $27- great price.
 nice and quiet. does not put out as much air as I imagined. fan head does not tilt down, will tilt all the way up.
 Very very good product
 I love this powerful little fan.
 Keeps me cool at night, isn't loud and doesn't take up space. Great product !
 We have one of these that we bought at a local store. We bought another. It pushes a good amount of air and it is quiet.
 Very weak. Barely blows. Horrible!!!
 Was exactly what i was looking for. Perfect size for my bathroom stand.
 After having this fan for just under a year the motor blew out.
 Perfect for the bedroom and small rooms. Great price!
 Fan already rattles, only had it a week. Also the reason it's a "quiet" fan is because it's much weaker then the previous model.
 it works well for the price.
 Nice size, liked color, but I would not try to hang on wall!
 Item was defective an manufacturer does not accept returns after 30 days.  I wish I went to a store like Costco or Target instead and bought a fan, since at least there you can easily return an item if it doesn't work.  I do not recommend this product to anyone.
 Lots of power! a little larger than I expected, but works excellent.<br/>No more sweating at work, ever! :)
 Works as Expected
 Relatively quiet
 It blows......
 Second one ive bought that just quit on me!
 Quiet and powerful! I point it at me while I'm playing drums, and I keep it on low.
 Great value.
 Great little fan.  Works extremely well.  Glad I bought it!
 Great little fan!
 Overall it's a working fan, just not turbo at all though it says
 Works perfectly.
 Inexpensive but high quality fan.  A workhorse!
 Made a loud ticking noise.  I had to return it.
 Bought this for noise.  FAIL.
 Not that great
 Received missing 2 of the 4 rubber feet on the bottom of the fan. Does not stay positioned when setting on a hard/smooth surface.
 I use this fan in my office very frequently. Love it!
 The fan works fine. It is missing the black cap that goes over the screw on the right side of fan. It is too much of a hassle to replace the fan for something that is cosmetic.
 I bought this fan thinking it was really going to help with air circulation in my apartment. I was sadly disappointed. It's a nice little fan, but I don't think "Turbo" would be an accurate description.
 This fan is compact and powerful.  Well worth the price to stay cool in the summer.
 Blows out some great air!! I love it!. Got it on sale and prime shipping is the best.
 It was great until it stopped working in less than 4 months. Unacceptable!!!
 This fan is OK for the price, but not very powerful.  In retrospect, I would buy the better model.  But overall, the fan is well made and quiet.
 Really powerful and quiet - glad I picked this fan!
 Has a very strong chemical-plastic smell that permeates through my apartment when the fan is on. Had it for two weeks and the problem persists. Do not recommend.
 This little fan really helps me stay cool at my desk. It is quite and packs quite a punch for such a small fan. Very pleased with this.
 Perfect product and price.
 A good little fan, I use it in the RV
 Not as strong as I expected.
 This fan is great!  It's very quiet for the amount of air it circulates!
 I've got 4 and want more!!!
 Great fan.  Quiet.  Great design.  Does a better job than our large floor fan.
 This is a get what you pay for product. Granted my place is hot as blazes and hoping for a tiny tunnel of comfort but no such luck - just a waste of energy...
 Nice little fan!
 keeps me cool in the office.  Set on the floor and leave it on low.
 Love this fan!! We have 3 of them. Works great
 Great little fan. Tunes out the office noise and keeps me cool. Exactly what I wanted. Highly recommend.
 This little guy is for helping dry the clothes on the line I just can't wait 2-3 days to use. It does its job getting air moving in my otherwise breezeless basement. It was smaller than I expected, but that's really my fault for not translating the measurements given into real space.
 Legit, powerful.  Works great
 Great fan!
 Doesn't move as much air as a Vornado.<br/>I don't love this.
 Yes, yes they did. Small fan moving significant amount of air for its size.
 great fan, adjustments have very positive lockup
 You will not find a fan of this size with a higher output, or almost silent operation for this or maybe ANY price.
 Doesn't  work  as well as my last one....poor  airflow on high
 Great fan. I use it very often in my office.
 I was a bit disappointed with the fan. Its not as powerful as I would have like.
 Nice fan
 This fan is worth more than the $15 I paid for it.  It's portable, quiet, and powerful.  Even on its highest setting, it's hardly louder than a gentle breeze, but twice as cooling.
 Not bad. Did not have any issues with the knob. Just a good little fan to give me some breeze at night. No complaints.
 Simple, quite and plenty powerful!
 It last /almost/ two months before ceasing to function.
 Works great came fast
 Buenooo
 Great little fan. Good breeze for the size and its not loud either. Happy purchase!
 This is an amazing fan! It's quiet and the lowest speed is comparable to the high speed of all of the others that I have used. Would definitely recommend this product!
 even on low speed moves a lot of air.  fairly quiet
 Just ok. Does the job.. Good use for a desk fan or a bedroom fan for hot humid summer nights.
 Had an older model of the same fan that was a lot better. the old one on low speed blew more air than the new one on high speed. It works, but not exited about it.
 The fan is making strange noises. Not as quiet as they claim....
 This is the weakest fan I've ever had. I had the previous model of this fan for years, and it was super powerful, stronger than most fans twice its size. When it finally died I wanted the same fan, but this is not it -- even though it looks identical.<br/><br/>The strongest setting on this fan is weaker than the lowest setting on the previous model. It's seriously a dud. I even returned one thinking it might be broken, but the replacement sucks too. They certainly need to take the word "turboforce" out of the name. This is a gentle breeze fan.
 nice &amp; quite
 Underpowered from day one. It's a shame.
 I bought 2 of these . Don't use them very much but one stopped working after just 6 months.
 Piece of junk, it started getting super loud after the second use. Sounded like it was coming from the motor. Ugh.
 A nice little fan.
 nice wind force output
 Love it it is small enough to bring with me to work and have at home I put it next to me on my bed it keeps me cool:)
 fantastic fan for such a great price! bought one to start out with, ended up buying 3 more for the whole house!
 Use it everyday in my office. Works great!
 great fan for the price.
 Probably the best fan for the buck that you can buy!
 Not as powerful as they use to be
 not loud enough for sleeping but works well for being so small
 works just fine. not too loud. i just wish it was a bit stronger.
 great fans
 too big
 GREAT FAN!  I have one next to my bed, and one on my desk at work. This is a hot flash must have.
 Great quiet little fan!
 This fan seems to push a nice amount of air around for being so small.  I like it and it is relatively quiet.  I would definitely recommend as a good purchase.
 It will move the air. Turbo force is a bit of an exaggeration.
 The BEST fan out there for its price. Every time I buy one, I end up buying another because of how well they work.
 Works well in my home as a personal fan or for directing air into specific areas.  It has 3 fan speeds, is very quiet and the head can be pivoted to direct the airflow.
 Cool, quiet operation. I had a few of these while I lived in Hawaii and they’re just the best.
 I bought this fan for my office as it is always very hot in there. Works great! Noise level isn't too bad and its nice to have the 3 different speeds. For being small it works very good!
 works well, a little noisy but a good value
 Went out after a month of usage.
 Better than expected
 No previews
 Dies in less than 3 months.
 stopped working after 6-months. cheap for a reason apparently.
 Kind of small for what I wanted
 Sturdy and works very well!
 Just what I wanted
 picture misleading much smaller<br/>my bad for not reading size info<br/>nice fan
 genial
 This is an all-around great fan!
 I use this for cooling down the airflow behind/beside the gaming PC tower, and it works perfectly and as intended.
 This fan does exactly what you want it to do - blows air!
 I bought this fan from May, 2014. Now it is only September and it just stopped working yesterday. It was great until it stop working. Is there still warranty on this thing?
 works great in motor home. Quite and moves a lot of air .
 Not to powerful, but correct size, good for a small area.
 Very good fan but a little noisy (even on low). If you are a light sleeper it may take some time to get used to. This little fan does move a TON of air on all 3 speed settings.
 Good fan
 We have bought several of these fans since they first came out.  For such a small footprint, they move a tremendous amount of air.  Recently I tried to buy another locally, only to discover that none of the stores carried the smaller models anymore.  When I found them on Amazon, I placed an order for two.  One is in use and doing an excellent job.  The other is still in the box, stored in the closet.<br/>Thanks,
 This little fan worked well, for 2 weeks and then it broke. Went to turn it on one night and it wouldn't. Very disappointed!
 Hummingbirds create more of a breeze than this thing.
 Very small so don't expect much
 Broke after 2 months of occasional use
 Great fan
 Love these fans! Very quiet and work well to move the air. I have 4 in my house and they make a big difference in our comfort!
 It's quiet and inexpensive.
 Long lasting, wonderful flow of air, quiet
 Nice steady low cost fan which runs quietly.
 Pretty strong!
 Small fan with a lot of power!
 I really like this fan<br/> It works great and the price was right.
 I purchased it only for the sake of white noise it produces, I am satisfied with the product and now sleeping peacefully. By the way its a good and decently powerful fan
 Small and light weight. Pretty quiet even on the highest setting. Cools down even a more large room.
 The fan doesn't put out much noise but just enough to use as white noise. It does not have much power so for a small room/office it is nice.
 excellent
 Great product
 perfect for my makeup room, it does the job
 Love this fan! Very compact, and a wide range of directions/swivel. The air output is high and it is fairly quiet.
 Works well so far. Surprisingly quiet and very effective.
 It's good for self airing fan on your coffee table or desk while studying .. Not good for late night use when your in bed, doesn't given enough air for that.
 I use at night so it's fairly quiet but wish the setting were a bit more powerful as I use in my bedroom but would make great desk top office fan
 The product works well. It sends strong wind.
 We have several of these fans and love them
 We have found that this fan does just the job we need it for and seems to a long lasting one.  In the winter it is on 24/7 to keep our mantel cool for we use our fireplace to heat our entire house.  It has saved us immedsely on utilities and made our home more cofortable.<br/>Thank you,
 Loud fan without much breeze.
 blows good, but fan is super noisy get the feeling its not going to last a year.
 Practical and good price.
 Great product very durable and quiet
 Working perfectly but little bit noisy.<br/>That is why I took a star away.
 Perfect!
 I used this at night for the sound and to cool us off at night.  It broke right after 2 months of use.  Ridiculous! I have cheaper fans that have lasted years and this broke so quickly.  Do not buy!
 The ONLY setting that works is "high" which feels pretty weak.  The fan will not operate on the other 2 settings.  I would love to return this but the box was thrown out in error.  Frustrating and not what I would expect from Honeywell.
 Wonderful!!! moves air very well! Very happy!
 arrived just in time! thank you!
 I've had this for a year now use it everyday love this small fan
 EXCELLENT.
 Great little fan! and Yes it is NOT loud at all!
 Works like a charm! My teenage son has it blowing on him at night when he sleeps, and it's pretty quiet. It's nice because it drowns out background sound so he sleeps like a log.
 Broke after 3 months.
 great medium sized fan
 Does a great job of cooking my apartment of. Barely have to use the air.
 Quiet, powerful, affordable. I used it under my desk because I kept getting hot because of my computer and it is perfect.
 I  dont really like it because when i took it outta package n plugged it in there was a short in wire i have to angle wire just right in order for fan to work
 I am happy with this purchase.  Good price, powerful, light weight, and sturdy.  Only wish footprint was smaller since I use it on my desk.
 Great air flow
 Much better than my Vornado
 Stopped working after a week of use
 There's a shortage in the plug so sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't
 These are powerful and quiet. We have bought one for every room of the house. We have bought these for friends. Just love these fans. Prefer them in black
 Nice little fan.  Doesn't have the "power" as some other little fans I've purchased, but it does the job.
 Nothing turbo but it works for small areas that need one on one air ... don't expect this to blow across the room
 The motor runs blades wont spin?
 Quiet, efficient, and powerful. What else do you need in a desk fan? I use this is my office after trips to the gym, and it does a great job of cooling me down.
 Good quiet little fan,  great bang for your buck.
 It really delivers for it's size, It's perfect for the bathroom or on the night stand.
 works great for my needs....
 great item
 We have several of these little fans. Great for the money.
 great for travel!
 Works great!
 Very impressed with this little fan.  Quite and powerful.  going to buy another.  It's priced right.
 these are perfect for moving a lot of air around or out the house which is very much needed here. its hot and humid so every little thing helps and these little guys are very good at keeping us cooler.
 Didn't even last 3 months
 I am blown away.
 lightweight and very powerfull. very silent as well. well worth the money paid for.
 I was very impressed with the amount of air this relatively small fan can push, easily shoots out a solid beam of air 5-10 ft.
 Very weak, loud. Vornado this is not.
 Great Little fan, gives plenty of air movement and yet quiet enough to sleep near. Will be buying another one soon
 Works great. Highly recommended.
 Well balanced, quiet for it's size and strength
 constant light breeze
 FABULOUS. QUIET. Does the job at night.
 It's very weak, even on the highest setting.
 what a bargain. i had the old model and didnt think it was loud. this new model is even more quite. Sweet!
 Package came quickly and without issue but the fan itself broke in 30 days...
 great little fan, we have 3 now
 Bought this a month ago. It stoped working today. Not impressed!!
 I was unsure about buying this because I had no idea of how big or small it would be. So glad I got it! I have an efficiency apartment, and its the perfect size. I don't know why people were complaining about sound and noise - its so quiet! It circulates the air in the room and is great. Definitely buy it!
 Good fan for the money.
 Don't spill candle wax on it...
 love this fan! Fast delivery too!
 Well constructed, three settings, cord could be a little longer. Air flow is good for the smaller size. I am using it in a small bedroom.
 Powerful but a little too noisy.
 works good thought it would be larger
 I own 4 of these things, and they work great for a few years. Eventually it seems that they get gunked up and stop working after years of constant service, but they're really cheap.
 SO far SO GOOD nice and quiet!
 Occasionally used over the course of a year, now locked up / takes minutes to start.  Would avoid.
 Very powerful...bigger than I expected
 Good fan.  I have two of these, each in a different room.  It keeps me relatively cool with no A/C in the house.
 Worked great until fuse blew. Now it doesn't work at all.
 works great
 Wonderful product. Use it all day long in my office.
 Very low speed even on hi. I bought what I thought was the same fan years ago and it really blows air at more than double
 Pretty Quiet for the amount of air this pushes.
 works, haven't had any problem
 this fan isn't small lol
 Perfect size for convenience while maintaining its effectiveness. It works well in my small, crowded room.
 Excellent and super fast delivery.
 Perfect size and perfect amount of noise and perfect speed
 Love these fans
 This product is one the most fruitful and worth the price purchases that I have ever made online. Even though it's small in size the performance is awsome. A must buy for those who need a table fan. Again cheap and best.
 Great fan
 very weak fan, you get what you pay for. should have bought a Vornado instead. Was not double boxed.
 noise helps me sleep
 Works well, have had it for at least half a year, pretty quiet compared to other fans I have had.
 Worked for less than 10 months before going out.
 I love it
 Just took it out of its box and it worked for about 30 minutes and stopped working!
 Very good quality!!
 bot for kitchen.works great
 works well
 Great power. Nice size.
 It's cheap and works as I expect. It is really good if you need for one person.
 cheap and good strong fan :)
 Still keeps me cool !
 I got this fan to circulate air around my wood stove.  It does the job and is fairly quiet.
 I was unsure if this fan would work for my office at work.  It is not tiny but not huge....boy does is blow alot of air!  It is a great buy for the price.
 Super loud.  And now it's dead.  Lasted less than a month.
 I use this more for "white noise" background at night if i want to block out noisy neighbors. But it's also the perfect fan for spring and summer in a small bedroom if you don't want to turn on the AC
 Good and quiet
 These fans are amazing. I am so happy. We have no AC in our apartment in Los Angeles and now that we have these fans we are thinking of not getting an AC altogether!
 awesome fan. it will blow u away. All speeds are great
 This sucker really cranks for its size!
 Great fan!
 this is a P.O.S. stopped working a wee after we got it guess you get what you pay for
 great fin for the price
 I received a 7 inch fan not an 11 inch fan.<br/><br/>Not sure why.
 Great fan for work or home at a great price.
 Arrived May 5 / died July 6 . howled the last week of death. (around 45 days life total )<br/>No Warranty info, Amazon covered for 30 days only,<br/> no returns or info after that that i could find.<br/>Complete POS ... do not buy!
 It works fine at close range but definitely not meant for a decent sized room. Perhaps my fault for not buying a bigger fan but just wasn't adequate for couchdoggin' on a CA summer.
 Workhorse 100% recommend it good flow of air unidirectional best circulating air inside house
 good fan
 Great fan. Powerful and so quiet I sometimes forget it's on.
 Its a relatively small fan. However its not that loud, and it gives a pretty good amount of air!
 ok
 very powerful fan for the size!
 Great buy
 It's a great fan that puts out alot of air from it even on the lowest speed.
 Quite Powerful for its size. Not too noisy.
 Great little fan. Like how quiet it is, but fairly powerful.
 Awesome!!! Perfect for son's room. Powerful. Would recommend! !!!
 doesn't move much air at all.
 Go for it, you won't be disappointed! Silent and pretty good air circulation too!
 Haven't found a small fan better than this one.
 It's a great fan but a little noisy at times.
 works great love it
 This fan is quiet and powerful. I keep it by my bed for nighttime sleeping.
 HARD to clean
 This is second one purchased loved my first one had to get another!
 yep
 loved it
 one in the bedroom and one in the kitchen my problem is solved .....not to big and not to small....just RIGHT !
 Puts out a great amount of air for its size at a quiet volume. Does exactly what I needed it to do and feels sturdy.
 LOVE IT! Perfect for your desk top!
 Works as expected
 A little pricey but we live this little fan.  Perfect for nightstand.
 Well made and compact for the amount of air it pushes
 It's just too quiet!
 Small and inexpensive but (for its size) intensely powerful fan.
 Packaged quite damaged.  Not sure if I️ should keep or just have you credit
 nice table fan
 For the money you pay, you can't ask for a better fan.
 It's 25% quieter as it says on the box
 Very good!
 A value in the low-end fan segment.
 love this little fan.  perfect for sound barrier at night. easy to bring anywhere.  moves air and easy use. love it
 Not too loud. Perfect for nightstand.
 works effectively love it"
 Works well
 Nice, very powerful.
 It's working great.
 Packs a wollop for such a small fan
 It’s ok it doesn’t point downwards
 I bought one of these 20 years ago. It recently gave up the ghost. Just bought another. Great little fan.
 I use this fan to cool me off on hot Arizona summer days in my office. Don't let the size fool you; this things blows!
 very powerful for a small fan!
 Met my needs for my desk.
 Powerful and quiet...perfect!
 Great and reliable fan.
 So awesome I bought 3 of them! 😎
 Small but get the job done right ! I got this for my bathroom it works perfect super happy with it
 the fan works great did as advertised, I love when that happens
 3/5
 Perfect desk top or room fan.
 Quiet and efficient as people have described in the other reviews
 Totally worthless &amp; won't turn on.  Broke after one use.
 weak ,very weak. these honeywell fans aren't what they used to be. never again!
 I like this fan. It fans quite well and so, is cooling. And may be used for white noise too.
 Bought 2 of these to cool down my computers, not very good since the wind force it generates is so weak.
 Does the job - replaced an old one I'd had for decades. Worth every penny.
 A++
 Coolest little fan
 Best fans for the price
 I enjoy this product
 I have three--would not trade them for anything.
 Great little fan.
 Great product! I bought 2 of them!
 Good little fan. Puts out great white noise too.
 Broke within 2 months
 Works great. Bought it to add extra noise to my toddler's room to block out sound but it runs much quieter than others I have bought.  Used every night without any problems.
 Little Fan Strong Power Very Descent For Personal Use.
 Great Fan
 Quit working after 2 months of regular use.
 nice,powerful and quiet.
 excellent
 perfect, thanks!
 Powerful little fan.
 Compact but really cools a medium sized room wonderfully!!!
 great
 Works like a charm, has 3 fan speed settings and helps me go to sleep every night.
 It is convenient and it actually does it job!
 Works perfect!
 great fan!
 I purchased 3 of  these fans.  I put one in the laundry room, and 1 in each bedroom.  The one in the laundry room has failed within 4 weeks already.  Otherwise they do work well.
 Quiet operation. Good air movement.
 Works great!  Is quiet!
 Great little fan for the price.
 This fan ROCKS hard!
 Great for the office. Very quiet but can move air well.
 blows good air
 Great for kids room!! Quite!
 fan dont WORK at all.
 Working good for summer. Still can hear a bit of sound but it is good for small room
 Would buy again
 Lasted 5 months before making an ugly sound and crapping out. It's fine if you use a fan once in a while...but it's horrible as a desk fan that you'd use a lot.
 I really love this fan.
 Nice fan, nice price, cool!
 Works well
 It's small but perfect for desk or bedside use.
 It is a nice little fan.
 Great in summer!
 Very good
 Nice air flow! Keeps me cool!
 My personal life support system.
 nice and quiet
 The fan works really well and it is at an unbeatable price! 10/10 would recommend.
 Excellent love this little fan!
 Kind of noisy.
 This was poopy
 This fan makes my hair look great!
 Good stuff. As described.
 I LIKE THE FANS THAT I GOT BEST BUY
 Love the Fan !!! Thank you!!!
 Good one
 Great price great fan!
 works great
 Best fan! I use it next to my bed and it's quiet and very powerful.  The only thing I don't like about it is that it clicks when you move it up and down so it wakes up my husband if I get too cold and decide to point it up.
 It is excellent in a kitchen or other small room.
 Completely stopped working after 2 months
 Looks exactly as pictures and works great.
 Very smoother operation
 Excellent!
 the fan is ok, smaller than I thought; for a turbo high is not very high speed; I do like how quiet it is; the price was great thou. Thank you, Sharon / LaPorte, IN
 My favorite fan to sleep to.
 Bought the fan and we used it for white noise as we live on a busy street. Stopped working after about a month or so and we decided to get another brand.
 Best fan of all time. Buy 2 for 30 and keep the air moving like a champ.
 Great fan for a small area perfect for what we needed it for
 Excellent design and function.
 Man this was a great bargain, and work as advertise
 Bought this fan to provide white noise while my daughter sleeps. It's perfect
 Quality construction, but I bought two fans and both of them had a burning electrical smell when I used them??
 Good product
 Works as advertised .... perfect for my bedroom to cover the noise from outside and does a nice job moving air !!!
 Work great
 Fan started making loud noises after about a month.
 As expected
 Use it everyday
 The box states "20% quieter" than a past model, but this thing is loud. I've had fans of this brand with no problem, so I wasn't expecting the noise. Even on the lowest setting, it sounds like I'm in an airplane with that engine hum. It is too loud to have in a professional office. I have it to replace my night fan and it sounds like a noise machine.<br/>On the positive, while on the lowest setting, it is powerful and cools down a room. My bedroom is 18x15 and I can feel the air circulating around the room. I wish it had a slower setting (so my room isn't a wind tunnel- no matter which way it faces) and was quieter.
 Middle speed doesn't work, otherwise satisfactory
 COOL
 Not as strong as I would have hoped, but for the price, no complaints
 Returned
 Broke within 5 times of using it.
 Easy to install. Works bether than we could have imagined
 Quiet and can even be mounted on the wall.
 Good
 I was looking for a fan to have by my bed to provide some "white noise" and this little fan does the job very well.  I certainly would recommend it to others.
 Three speeds, works well. It's very quiet, I have it mounted on the wall and it doesn't even rattle.
 Bought it in June, 3 months later stop working, will not recommend to anyone.
 Super weak. I bought this to replace my 5 year old Honeywell. What a disappointment. This fan feels under powered and the blades are tiny. Too tiny for the housing. Comically tiny.
 Good quality
 Fuze blew after 2 months. Impossible to remove or replace from plug. You get what you pay for.
 Somewhat loud
 Perfect desk fan at a very reasonable price.
 Was looking for something small that I could at work. This fan is perfect and puts out a lot of air with little noise
 The best !!! Don't miss it.
 This fan did not work from the moment I plugged it in…
 Works so so. Doesnt move that much air.
 Perfect for those hot summer nights, keeps me cool while I sleep.
 This fan is awesome. It blows really well. I really recommend this. Nothing wrong with it
 I just got it and out of the box it doesn't work at all. What a scam
 Love it!
 Good deal.
 I've been running it in my room all night for 2 months now. it does what it's supposed to
 good!
 Doesn't exactly cool a whole room, but it's a great fan for maybe half a room or a corner. It's pretty quiet and very strong. I even use the lowest setting fairly often, which is useless for most fans.
 strong breeze, quite operation, very satisfied. I bought one last year for myself,and my wife took it&amp; used it every where she went. So if I wanted my fan back, well I just had to buy myself another one. I did, and I bought one for my elderly mother, she prefers moving air to air conditioning she loves it. Small powerful personal fan. love it
 The fan is larger than I expected it to be. A little large for a desk fan but other than that it's great.
 :)
 Not quite as powerful as the previous model. But a really good fan for the fantastic price. Can't go wrong with this one.
 Pushes an ok amount of air and not really noisy.
 great
 This arrived SUPER fast. Ordered it Tues around 3pm and it arrived Thurs before 9am! Love it! It's perfect for my office! Super quiet and pretty strong air power
 Stopped working after two Months
 Gets my entire room cold. I woke up freezing cold lol i will be ordering 2 more soon.
 Very loud but works well
 Works good
 Powerful little thing
 Seems like it has less power than previous models but still handy.
 Excelent
 Gr eat for small bedroom.
 Love this fan.
 Product that came was as described and exactly what I wanted. The low setting seems a little strong at times, since I'm using it at the office at my desk but it's great.
 AWESOME!
 excellent fan! runs great and quiet.
 Slight vibration on all speeds but powerful little fan
 great fan
 Very quite. Perfect for what I needed. Use in the bedroom at night. Put it on the floot to help move the air without blowing directly on me. Came in original carton inside shipping box.
 Easy to use and really dependable.
 Works great! very powerful for it's size and it can be mounted. Absolutely love it!
 when unwrapped it had a sickening odder. after 5 days of uses I can still smell it and it BAD..
 Too loud
 I ordered this item on Jan, 2016. But it stop working on June, 2016. Its life time only last 6 months!
 Works great, quiet, I love it! I'm taking it to college with me
 Too quiet, we use for white noise to sleep.
 Quit working after 2 1/2 months
 powered it up. switched it on. 5 mins later smoke coming out and its dead. disgrace.
 need replacement fuse : 2.5a 125v cant find anywhere. spare blew out too. guess should have turned to off before plugging in.
 Grew up with this fan, and it is good.
 Use this for my work fan, love it
 Fan died after two months of use! Engine started to slow down and then finally died. I loved this fan at first but not it's useless.
 Quiet, but only lasted 6 months
 This is a cool fan.
 Junk, it stopped working  in its first month
 Did not adjust down very stupid design.
 Great fan for office
 This little baby is powerful!
 powerful small fan
 It's too small and the wind is not strong enough.
 Nice and lovely little fan, stable enough to stand on the floor, exactly what I need. I am a student live in dorm.
 Broke quickly
 Great quality and really quiet!!
 Does the job.
 BEAT FAN EVER!!!
 Small, but it does its job!
 So far so good...
 I returned it.
 Great product! Does exactly what it's supposed to do
 Size was perfect. Convenient to use
 Great fans. Small and really push air. I have them in my house, my shop and take one when I'm out of town every week in hotels.
 I purchased this fan December of 2013 it burned out last May  2014
 quiet and cool.
 This is a powerful little fan!
 It's decent for the price. Just wish it had more power to it.
 Hard.
 Much smaller than I thought, but keeps my bedroom cool, so a pretty powerful little fan.
 Was nice while it lasted. Died after 7 months of occasional use. I will be looking elsewhere for a replacement.
 very good for the price. works fine
 a
 Great product fast shipping.
 Fantastic Product!!
 Just as described
 The fan arrived on time, unfortunately it was supplied with the two pin plug that is only suitable for the American market and it needs a constant 120 volt supply which again is unusable in the UK.  This information is not clearly stated in the product description.
 Its quiet and powerful. Using it to keep my turtle's tank cool. No issues with vibration. Need one for work now.
 Lasted 8 months.
 I am a man who likes the room cold and to be able to feel the air blowing from my fan. I can blow more air out that this thing even when set on high. Total waste of money.
 Broke after a year
 lasted for less than 5 minutes, then shut down.  Immediately pulled the plug, after which it started smoking (w/o power)--very dangerous.
 Absolutely loves this fan!
 This fan stopped working about 4 weeks into use.
 I live in a small room and the fan is quit good at keeping it cool, which I have to do because if I change my thermastat to how I want it my pipes freeze. It is louder than I expected but I'd compare it to having a computer in your room running with 7 fans and if you're a computer user you're already kind of use to that level of noise eh? It does have a problem staying locked at a low position though :( That's the only flaw imo. Hope my review helped.
 Quiet and powerful. We like it.
 Perfect for my littles night stand!
 Nice
 I'm a huge fan of this fan (see what I did there?).  I actually own three of these.  One on each side of the bed and one in my office.  I've owned them for over a year now and still working great.
 Not as quiet as i would like, but does the trick.
 Pros:<br/>1. Multi speed<br/>2. good airflow<br/>3. Can be moved around easily<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>1. The slowest speed could have been slower
 As described
 It's so cute and small,but very powerful.
 moves a lot of air, very quiet.
 Small and not powerful. Ok for a tiny area. Thank
 The fan stopped working after a month.. Really upset me.. This is a thirty dollar fan... That's just ridiculous if you as me..
 Lasted 2 weeks before it stopped working.
 Great circulation and power
 BEST SMAL IV HAVE HAD, REALLY I LOVE IT AND 2 SUMMERS  IN TEXAS
 I was looking for a high-output desk fan. The Honeywell far surpassed my expectations. Moves a lot more air than any similar fan I've used. Pretty quiet about it too. Solidly made. I've not had the issue with "tilting up" that some have reported. Heck, the thing is wall-mountable. Excellent all-around value.
 It would be better if it could blow a little lower. A levitation.
 works better than expected. keeps a cool air flow in my stuffy office.
 Great little fan.
 works great blows nicely and is everything i expected of a honeywell fan!
 We uaw it behind electronic test equipment
 I'm sure this is a great fan it seems to be very sturdy and exactly as described. It is not what I was looking for but that was my mistake. I wanted a battery operated fan. I'm keeping this one because the return shipping cost is almost half the price of the fan but that is the only reason that I'm keeping it. This is not a bad review like I said the mistake was mine but when the return shipping cost is half of what you paid for an item it's kind of ridiculous to send it back
 Stopped working within 2 months, I guess you get what you pay for :/
 Very strong blowing fan for the buck.
 Only problem I have with this product is it's very shaky, other than that I works perfectly just to cool down a bedroom. Delivered very quickly, and also cheaper on here to buy than at a store.
 Great fan but cleaning can be a challenge in opening it up with all the screws.
 works well,  circulates air quickly!
 Seems to be a reliable and powerful fan.
 Sounds like something is loose inside. It is so loud.
 Had two of these before to use mainly onstage for shows and they both pumped.  Ordered this one and was surprised and a little upset with the output being so weak.  Seemed like it was a smaller/weaker motor in the same exact models that I had before of this product.  The frame was also flimsier and weaker.  Still a good fan though.
 horrible , got a faulty fan , it does not work at all,,also the worst thing to ship it back it cost much almost 3 times  more than the cost of the product itself. useless product and service from amazon
 This fan is not worth the money. It doesn't push very much air through it and it quit working on the 3rd day I had it.
 Not made like they used to be. They stop working (seize up) after about 6 months.
 Nice, quiet and cool.
 Quiet, very quiet &amp; blows air good!
 Blows harder than other fans it's size, good fan for your buck.
 Works great
 So good for the size and price.
 A little loud but worth the good breeze!
 We love this fan and keep it in our bathroom as we are in an older home with no air conditioning or ventilation in the bathroom.
 Great for my desk.
 Set on table never moved it, stopped working completely in a month.
 This fan stopped working after 3 months.
 For what it is, an inexpensive fan, I am overall pleased with it. It is almost too quiet. I use it in my bedroom for background noise at night.
 Works so well I bought a 2nd one for work
 Used 2 days, and then broke down.
 These are really tiny but wonderfully quiet. They offer sufficient air flow given the low price and they're definitely worth the money!
 no power whatsoever.  not effective. unable to return.
 Excellent
 The tilt broke on the first try.  I also wouldn't call it turbo.
 I bought this item on May 19th, 2014.  It stopped working in March of 2015.  I love the fan itself but am very disappointed in the fact that it is no longer working.  Can I get a replacement??
 Great fan for my desk at work. It is pretty quiet and doesn't disturb me when I'mon the phone.
 So far so good.
 Strong Fan. It totally worth it.
 This fan worked like a dream for about two months.  Now all I get is a faint hum, no fan.
 Little things kicks and moves air surprisingly well.
 Fast Shipping! Fans are quiet.
 The fan is a little smaller than expected but does a good job moving the air
 Good fan
 At first I was hesitant about ordering this fan. Would it be too loud or not strong enough due to its size? But it turned out just fine. It fits perfectly on my bookshelf in the corner of my room. I have it pointed almost directly upwards to help circulate the air in the room. It has helped keep the room(12×10) much cooler and the air circulating, rather than the warm air sitting in place. As for the noise, it's quieter than I was expecting (after reading other reviews). It's not too loud that keeps me awake at night, it's perfect as just whitenoise.
 Has already ceased working after only a few months of owning it.
 Doesn't produce as advertised but will help with air conditioner keep room cool.
 good A+
 Loves these fans for white noise
 Works really well. Great for college dorm rooms that don't have air conditioning. Like my dorm room.
 None
 Works good.
 Fast delivery, packaged nicely, product works great and is quite.
 I teach private music lessons. The schools I teach at usually turn off the AC in the practice rooms. This fan is perfect for a small room like a practice room. I wish it had an effective way of wrapping the cable around the unit.
 works great! quiet and durable!
 Its ok, it does the job BUT, you can't take it apart to clean it and therefore in my case it ceased!
 Works just like it should. Would purchase again.
 Good for small areas
 Strong, quiet. I highly recommend it.
 Nice strong breeze
 everything was on point
 I like this fan. My toes line up perfectly to the outer edge and the symmetry feels really good on my feet. I bought 2 and have one for each foot so the breeze goes up my inner legs too.
 Very well built and is pretty quiet.
 Terrible. The bearing is loose and rattling after three months. It has a one year manufacturer warranty that requires you spend as much as the original price of the fan (in handling and prepaid shipping charges) to get the manufacturer to look at it.
 Died after 5 months of use
 it works great
 Love it!
 This fan did not work from the time I got it out of the box. There was a problem with the wiring. Poorly made. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
 After seeing all the reviews after our last Honeywell fan stopped working, we kept buying Honeywell fans to give it another shot. But since then, this one has shorted out too and one other one we had shorted out as well, that makes 3 in less then a year. Was planning on calling customer service at some point if I ever have the time to want to do that. lol. But I did really like the fans before they just stopped working.
 Engine died after about 3 days
 Piece of poo! I think it lasted 15 days...Very disappointed.
 Overall a great fan for the price with the know weaknesses.  One big surprise is how noisy it is on high.  On low it is very quiet then on medium you start to hear almost a rattle noise then on high it just get LOUD.
 A  great fan for small space. I use it at work. This is the third won bought in over 20 years. It is used MANY hours and stands up to use. Love it!!!
 I have owned several of these fans and the quality has decreased every couple years. This version feels like a cheaper, noisier, clone of the product it replaced.<br/><br/>I'm happy to pay more for quality Honeywell...  make fewer versions of stuff and make them better. Give me a choice of Good, Better, Best.<br/><br/>This fan does not have a place on that list.
 Don't know that I would call it a turbo force. It's quiet and moves sufficient air. But it isn't setting any records in air movement
 Works great!
 Not useful if you're looking for background white noise for sleeping.
 FAILED AFTER 2 MONTHS
 just what I wanted
 Great fan power and perfect amount of white noise. I definitely needed this for the hot summer
 Nice fan, mounted it under my desk where my P C desktop is, keeps PC nice and cool, was easy to mount  and its quiet. I'm a happy camper with this product.
 So good without big noise
 Love this little thing, it stays out of the way and keeps my whole work station nice and breezy, even in this stuffy warehouse! Thanks again, will probably purchase more for co-workers.
 The product just did not work.
 Works great for a small fan.
 perfect for what I need.  very adaptive with tilt, quiet.<br/>very quiet too, i use this at night as background noise to sleep
 Excellent fan. Quiet.
 Very quiet.
 For $13 it's a no brainer. Perfect for cooling the apartment down during the hot summer days/nights.
 Nice quiet fan for the price.
 My office can sometimes become a little too warm for my liking.  Instead of bothering everyone else by adjusting the thermostat, I turn this fan on under my desk and I stay cool all day long!
 Clutch when it's hot
 This fan would be just fine, if the screws weren't recessed and in a position that can't be reached except by a really thin, long screw driver, that I don't have.  The front grating in too close together to fit a pencil through.  So I can't clean the darn thing.  It's so dirty air barely moves through it, but I can't clean it!  Ahhhhh.  Do not buy this! (unless you have a very slim, long handled, but short hilt screwdriver. If so then enjoy)
 use at work everyday here in Texas, really enjoy this fan
 VERY GOOD
 You cannot go wrong with this fan
 A little noisy but it's still good
 The only downside of this fan is it's inability to adjust down. It stops at a 90 degrees, would be better if it had a couple of downward adjustment settings.
 No good, don't waste your money.  Not enough power!!!!
 Perfect Size!
 the fan works excellent...thank you
 Stopped working after 8 months
 This was a gift for my college son! He uses it now in college! He loves it!
 A good, sturdy product--wish it had more reach, but it does a good job.
 Used only once and stopped working after only a few hours
 Perfect
 Very slow speed, noisy. Cheaply made, would not ever recommend this product to anyone. Will be going to Goodwill very shortly.
 This fan has been on almost daily since I bought it. It's still going strong. Great fan.
 Strong breeze for a fan this small, not too much noise. I read some reviews about how the fan head does not stay in the position you set it- I think they fixed this issue because I have not had that issue at all! Definitely recommend!!
 It is an amazing fan for the price, I really like that it is very quiet and provides three speed settings.
 For me I can't live without a fan near me. Perfect size and quiet, I can watch TV no problem.
 This little fan is quiet, powerful, and I did not experience any odd chemical smells as some others have complained about. Great buy!
 Great price and quality!
 Work good
 Performs very well  I would like  less noise buy for its size and the very good prize its a very good item . I recomended
 There is no turbo about it. It's just regular fan air flow. I had a Honeywell turbo force fan a few years ago. The airflow on the new fan is like low on the old turbo fan I had.
 Good
 Works great &amp; moves a lot of air. Great value for the price!
 good, quiet fan!
 Exactly as advertised!
 Great fan.... Better than I expected and I love it!
 It works but it makes an annoying noise.<br/><br/>I need a fan at night when it gets really hot in my bedroom, but the sound this thing makes is just irregular and loud enough that I usually have to turn it off. A big disappointment.<br/><br/>I am looking for other fans now.
 good for the money spent
 Great
 He is a fraud and a thief. Buyers beware.
 At first when. Saw it, I hought it was to mall. But big things come in small packages. It is powerful. Save me money on aircondiioning bills. Used it all Summer. Great
 This is a great little fan, but not what I was expecting.  I did a search for desk fans and this came up.  It is not a desk fan.  Even on the lowest setting, it blew me away at work.  I had to try to put things in front of it to diffuse the air.  I also had to be careful where I put it because even on low it would blow on co-workers and make them cold.  Great fan, but should not come up under a search for a desk fan unless you have a heck of a large desk.
 broke after less than a year using it.
 We have been using this product for years. Moves the air around nicely and quietly. After many years of use we needed to replace a few of them.
 i thought it was smaller than it was.
 my fan did not work when I received it. it sounds really weird once I turn it on. And it doesn't spin as fast. Can I exchange it??
 very quiet.
 my only complaint is that it is not loud enough for a good white noise fan, which is why I bought it.
 Great fan!
 very good best fans
 I now have three of these fans. Two dedicated to treadmills. They move sufficient air and they are quiet. Exactly what I need.
 powerful little fan
 Barely blows out any air. Very week. Disappointed in this purchase.
 Good for white noise and circulation of air.
 Works great, nice and quiet.
 Very quiet perfect for my dorm room
 I bought this fan for my office which I share with another co-worker.  It is nice and quiet and my office mate has never complained.
 Nice fan for the purpose we purchased...soft noise in grandchildren's bedroom.
 Works great for small rooms.
 Great price quiet operation works well it's a deal.
 Perfect size with lots of power!
 Delivers a lot of air in a very small housing.
 works great
 Perfect for cooling off
 Great fan, not noisy and keeps room cool!
 Excellent item
 👍
 Good for the price
 Not that quiet
 Satisfied
 Yes works perfect. No complaints.
 It was a great buy!
 Great little fans!  Push a lot of air for their size, and are relatively quiet.  Amazingly fast shipping too.  Both orders appeared next day!
 This is the perfect size fan to put on a nightstand to use for having on while sleeping
 Fan stopped working after 6 months
 Bit small but it's good size for a small room
 I thought that this was going to be like a small one I bought at CVS years back that broke. So very wrong.  This is very good quality/sturdy/power force of air.  I would (and have) recommended this to others.
 The way it recycle the air around the room makes it more cooler feel and quitely operates.  The air gets circulated within the room and gives it more cooler feeling
 Great table fan.
 I like it.
 Great little fans! They are relatively quiet and provide a decent breeze. Perfect size for a small room.
 Great product, defiantly exceeded my expectations. Great price and easy to manage.
 It works good but it is light. Falls over EASY
 Works well but a bit loud.
 Great item
 Quite with great output
 It's okay for a small room or office.
 Runs great
 Love the white noise!
 Ira ok
 Works good.
 Everything positive.
 on low and mid, it makes really loud metal grinding noise.
 Stopped working after medium use.  Not very impressed with the longevity of this fan. Otherwise worked well, not to loud, good volume of air.
 Nice fan. Very quiet.
 Very very small.
 Weak!
 This fan is just what I needed and does a good job.
 This fan is awesome! Pushes out a lot of air. It works perfectly.
 Works better than expected, would purchase again.
 It works, but there is nothing turbo about this fan.
 I bought this fan really for traveling and it is great to have in the hotel room. Small enough to fit in a backpack, yet strong enough to circulate the air in a large room.
 Was a little loud at first but it seems to have broke in now. Super quiet now and moves alot of air!
 Great! Quality. I expected a lot more air for this well made product. Even<br/>as it is titled a, desk fan. It is perfect for someone who just needs a little air.
 blows
 Quiet and good quality!
 I received a USED FAN! ridiculous!!
 Larger than I thought, good quality
 Very powerful little fan.
 extremely fast shipping and works great. i will definitely buy more when I can afford them! Cheap and effective !!!
 I bought two of these fans on December, 2014 and less than 10 months later both fans will not work.  The motor runs but the blades will not spin.
 This fan is junk.  I purchased the fan and it worked for less then 3 weeks.  By the time I tried to return it, I missed the 30day return limit by 2 days.  I would not recommend this fan.
 Works great
 Good value and product.... it's a bit small but the wind blow is good enough
 Big power in a small package.
 fan is powerful but very loud for an office space
 Excellent
 beautiful small fan. seriously a life saver during summer
 Noisy at all speeds
 Perfect
 Works great as a fan. But in the beginning it had a strong plastic smell on it. Would definitely buy it again if i needed another fan.
 I am really happy with this because it is working better than I expected and not making much noise like other one which I bought before. I will recommend this for the people who wants less noise and enough air to sleep.
 Excellent for My use.
 For a little fan it is perfect for our 1 month old during those hot LA summers.
 but I like the one with the remote control better.  It will work fine for drying my fish once salmon season starts ...
 Purchased 11/28/16, no longer works as of 5/13/16. Hums but will not turn on its own.
 I like my fans because they put out a lot of air and l can change them in different positions
 Great
 This is an excellant fan.  It is strong even on low but not too strong.  No assembly, you just take it out of the box and plug it in.  Honeywell is a good brand and Amazon a good company to buy from.  It's warm now before the air conditioner is switched on and it keeps me cool.
 The unit has worked as I expected, I am pleased with my purchase. Right size, right price and right function, What else can be expected.
 great
 Just what it says it is, was shipped quickly.
 Unit burned out literally just after the return policy expired.  I would not purchase again.
 I used this less than 10 times and it already will not turn on.  I tried to return it and was unable to do so..  I would have given it zero stars if I could.
 Burnt out in one month.
 Awesome
 Great companion for Summer!!
 This fan has a good kick to it and is super quiet!  Keeps me cool in the office!
 Excelente
 Solid Fan, Quiet but powerful
 No power at all barely moves the air. I can blow harder
 This fan caught on fire. Will not use again.
 Keep this at my office and its quite and helps keep the cube from being hot and stuffy.
 Not as powerful as expected..... but works fine for me
 Love Love Love this fan.
 small , but powerfull
 Good, quite fan in a small package.
 Just as described. Great product.
 Had it for a few months now, it's a good quality fan.
 not as quiet as I expected
 Fan clicks very loudly when adjusted.  Very aggravating.  Fan itself is fairly quiet as well.  Not as loud as I would have liked.
 gets the job done. use at night for my because he is on the top bunk.
 Much better than my Vornado fan. It makes a great desk fan as it won't blow you away but still powerful.
 small, silent, and effective
 I love this fan. I use it at work and have received several compliments on it. For its size it really circulates air around the room. In fact I took it home and it's now in front of my bedroom window, as I write this. Even on the lowest setting it works well.
 Based on reviews I was expecting a very quiet unit.<br/>I have healthy hearing and this fan is nowhere near quiet. I'd say it avarage at the lowest setting and noticeable on the other too.<br/><br/>So if you are comparing this to an AC unit and consider this a quiet unit, I am sorry for you 😃
 It does really well keeping the room cool and just enough noise to block out back ground noise to help sleep.
 Just a few weeks after I bought it, the fan stopped working. Now the fan takes a few minutes to turn on before working properly and will sometimes just stop working out of nowhere. Thanks for nothing.
 This is a great little fan. I wish it was bigger the description of 7 inch blades was a little deceiving. Over all i am happy with the item.
 Nice and quiet with good air flow.
 Use everyday, great price and is very quiet
 Wish you could tilt the fan down instead of only back
 Perfect size for my desk. Quiet and works great!
 It says "turbo force" but is incredibly weak. This fan is not strong whatsoever.
 its quiet but if you want white noise its good for that too and it makes a good current
 small and good
 Circulateded just enough air to keep the room cool.
 Stopped working after les than one month
 very quiet even on highest setting, great deal for only 15 bucks, best fan i have ever owned helps me breathe my room does not have any air circulation
 Did not work
 Quiet but powerful.
 It does it's just perfectly! It's quite and doesn't take up much space.
 Pretty strong for such a small fan! Quiet and works awesome! Love it!
 Good performance for a little fan.
 It didn't come close to having the power that it was advertised to have and for what I paid for it I was highly disappointed.
 Works great
 It would've been helpful to know the size of the fan before I ordered, I thought it was a large floor fan over 16", but it okay, the fan blows like a big fan.
 Love this fan!
 great little fan.
 Great fan for smaller rooms.  Doesn't make as much noise as older model.
 it works very well and keeps me cool
 I use this to help me sleep at night. Great fan. If you are looking for some white noise this is a great fan.
 The seller did not mentioned about the plug is not fitting with UK's socket.<br/>It did not work after plug in one time with adaptor and the post fees are very high to send it back to US.<br/>Such a waste.
 It moves air very well for its size. Cost was great as well.
 Quiet and surprisingly powerful. The best office fan I ever had.
 The fan works great but the base broke away from the bottom. It made it unable to use.
 Hard to clean dust inside
 This is the besdbesdt small room fan at such a great price.
 Good fan
 Good
 Great fan and pretty quiet!
 Fan died after 6 weeks of use.
 Liked it
 Not loud at all.
 This is a great fan for a good price. It can be mounted on a wall. Arrived four business days after purchase.
 Does not blow hard enough on high setting
 good
 if you want a fan to circulate air in room and i should not occupy space then this is the righ prouduct.<br/>Silent operations and dont need keep the Ac fans at high speed. Saves power to me :-)
 Best product. I used it as my table fan.
 This fan only lasted 5 months before it died.
 Not at all what I expected
 Love the 3 speed settings, and the ability to point the fan straight up. Perfect for my studio apartment !
 smaller than i thought, but works well
 This thing is little but it seriously moves air!
 It is tooooo noisy. I use it when sleeping, but its sound make me diffficult to fall sleep.
 Perfect fit under my desk.  Good air pressure.  Good speed selection, too!
 The fan moves almost no air. It is really useless. We put two of them in a very small room and could barely tell they were running.
 Great..
 The air is so cool and refreshing actually gets too cool sometimes and it isn't loud so I love it
 Very good
 Very disappointed, stopped working in less than 3 months with only occasional use
 I bought it to use in my bedroom at night and on the low speed it keeps my whole bedroom cool so I don't have to have the A/C on a low setting so it saves me money on my electric bill !!!
 good
 This fan is awesome, it provides a lot of cooling power for such a small device. I would def purchase Honeywell again. I love it
 Very quite, but still does a good job. Would recommend.
 Great size - good price
