You can paint the grill
3 Portable Wireless Bluetooth Speakers Tested
Defective power button - UPDATED 11/4/17
Half deaf senior can hear the tv!!!
Impossible to Charge
Great little speaker but the charging port quality is lacking
usb port broke
would NOT recommend
Amazing customer service
Was working great ...until it stopped.
BT capability died after 6 months
Unbeatable Quality and Affordability
SoundCore speaker review!
The Anker SoundCore speaker worked well until I let the ...
Meh. Update:  much better!
so I didn't need anything great or loud
Worked and now it doesn’t
Awesome sound in a small package!
Smaller than a 20-oz soda bottle, ok sound
SMFH. Almost great but FATAL flaw.
Defected unit
good sound. but within two months
Charging port gone bad =(
Great sound and performance than something 2x the price but doesnt switch between devices easily
Average with no bass
Low end lacking but good for the money!
Incredible battery life, solid speaker
Loud, easily to pair, easy to adjust -- just what I needed
After your ears become accustomed to it, the sound ...
LOVING this!
Great value speaker!
3 months later, stopped working.A waste of money
Great product; superb sound quality and helpful customer support
Wow, Anker has done it again.
Better sound quality than the Cambridge OontZ Angle 3
Very pleased. People hear this speaker, and then they ask where to get it.
Excellent buy
The Anker staff is outstanding in supporting their products and will stay with you until you are satisfied.
Not for the extremely sound picky. Great for CONSTANT use.
Lasts all night long
I assume it probably sounds good. it had a nice weight to it
We are very pleased with our purchases of the Anker Soundcores!
Versatile mobile party enhancer
Great Mate For Echo Dot
Solid speaker, GREAT battery
Does not work with Echo Dot 2 - Alexa
Would have been perfect if...
This speaker is very nice but only in limited capacity ie cell phone or ...
Great until the warranty expired....
it doesn't connect to my computer easily. I wish I got another speaker
No Longer Works
Sound level dropped almost half the original (Updated)
Junk, no way to control volume
Excellent value
Ok for music, terrible for using as a speakerphone
The best speaker I've got
Works well!!
Great portable, blue-tooth speaker for a heck of a price.
Good inexpensive speaker for when you don't want to rock the house
Discover Bluetooth flexibility
Great little speaker
Surprising performance for small, inexpensive speaker.
Anker= Good bang for the buck
Great Battery Life and Soundstage
Long time Anker buyer, but not for much longer. Microphone is a terrible "side benefit"
Very good for the money! Long battery life.
An Amazing Little Dynamo
Sounds and looks great
Quit charging.
powerful speaker
My New True Blue Speaker
Amazing sound & battery life in a tiny package.
Another win for Anker...  a company with consistently fabulous products
Good speaker for the money
Portable and Powerful!
Solid construction, great sound.
Yes, it sounds great.
Big sound little speaker....
Bought this speaker. Now returning it.
BEST BLUETOOTH SPEAKER THAT I'VE TRIED!!!
Surprisingly loud for such a small unit
Awesome speaker!!
Solid build , solid quality , but wish I had more treble and audio controls and turn the speaker up louder in most situations
Poor range
Poor manual, poor battery life.
WOW!!!!!
Good solid sound for the size
Don't buy These!  Bought two and charging ports failed the day after return Deadline!  Junk
Fab speaker for the money!
Looks cute, connects well, sound is mediocre.  Soundcore 2 is much improved - Anker replaced it with a new one at no cost.
Really good quality Bluetooth speaker for the price
Great little speaker for the price!
Size, long playing time and adequate sound at a very reasonable price.
The integrity of the ratio between treble and bass sounds good all through my one-bedroom apartment (about 800 sq
Love this!
Impressive. Most impressive.
Great - Possibly - In any case, Pretty Darn Good.
Perfect!
Anker is absolutely commited to customer satisfaction!
Loses Bluetooth connection
Impressive support department
Great Speaker For the Price
Update (Had a need for warranty, fix it right away, great service!)
Absolutely perfect
... a daily basis and lets just say it works good and they definitely didn't understate the battery life
Very Happy
Great sound quality, amazing battery life, had some issues, but the customer support is great.
I also read through almost all of the reviews just to be sure (I like to be extra sure of my purchases)
cuts in and out.
Great at first, but not up to par any more.
An Incredible Battery Life with Tremendous Sound
Quality 4.5-star speaker, great for home and office
A damn fine speaker.
[UPDATED] Great customer support. Looking forward to getting more of their products because of their customer support.
Great sound clarity, beautifully designed, great company
Good clear loud sound, lacks deep rich bass
At first I loved my Anker
Works as expected
Impeccable Customer Service
Awesome portable speaker, super long battery.....
Excellent sound & amazing battery life -- but with a really annoying habit
Great inexpensive Speaker - Pairs out of the box
Great sound from this little thing; a wise choice at a great price.
Rock on with this! Reviews were spot on. Glad I went with this!
Fantastic!
Great sound, buttons are hard to see/press
Alien technology?
Good battery life, but that's about it
Quality Construction and Sound at a Low Price
Best Bluetooth portable speaker
PERFECT speaker for a day at the beach or a picnic - and Anker is AWESOME!
Anker: Loud and Clear!
BEST Bluetooth Speaker for an Affordable Cost!!!
Anker Comes Through!
Outstanding bluetooth speaker at a great price
Anker = class act.
ANKER ALWAYS WIN!
Awesome little speaker, great sound! Totally surprised!
Amazing Sound for Next to Nothing...
Nice battery powered speaker
Great Speaker, And Its Only  $25
then be ready to be disappointed. I bought this specifically to listen to Bellator ...
Much Better
You cannot beat it for the price. You can't!
Nice speakers, good sound, and nice portability (with a pretty big quirk) UPDATE [Another Update]
Great little speaker and even better customer service
Signal breaks up from time to time
... paired it with my bluetooth transmitter and it worked fine for just a short time then quit and would ...
VERY HAPPY AND IMPRESSED
"All I want is a basic and good quality wireless speaker that's cheap!" ? Get this
I too like others had problems with charger
but I love it. The sound quality is great
Great customer service
This speaker won't blow you out of the water and it's definitely not the best out there
Really happy with my new speaker!
Decent sound but not overly user friendly for tired eyes.....
Almost perfect
I thought there was a Journey concert in my bathroom
Only lasts about 2 months.
Great sound in a small package
Excellent Speaker
This is a great value and works with Amazon Dot too!!
Annoying, inconsistent, poor sound, will fail.
How the hell did they create this.
Great value if your budget conscious
What a deal!
Another home run from Anker!
Outstanding Customer Support
It's a Sound Purchase
Pleased
I'm so glad I did
Weak highs and little bass
Great speaker for it's value. Incredible battery life.
Good for the office
LOUD little thing!
Failed completely within a week (got a new one though)
Good sound, especially considering the price.
My Number 1 Brand
Positioning the speakers makes a big difference . .
Excellent customer service
What magical battery did you put in this?
Awesome Product
Works great! Mostly reliable.
Good build quality - good value.
Wouldn't hold a charge
Great Sound!!
Bluetooth connection issues, but great customer service
Portable and Powerful
Great speaker until...
Terrific Battery, Good Sound, Awesome Price
Looks like a solid offering but look closer
Amazing product.
Problem with recharging connection.
Never had a better one
Got a brick
Suprisingly good sound from such a small speaker
Solid for the money
it does what it's supposed to do - the sound is fine, but for god's sake - the idea of ...
Know what you want!
$250 of "Back In The Day" Hi Fidelity for $25... You Can't Beat It!!
Fantastic
Good buy
Darned loose charger inputs!  But good sound.  Anker responds to customer reviews.
I would recommend this product if you're looking for a budget Bluetooth speaker
This is a great speaker
Anker wireless speaker does not disappoint!!!
Very long lasting battery!
Very happy with this purchase
The little speaker that could!
Good sound. Poor design
Long term review - purchased January 2016
Wow! What a speaker!
this speaker is just bad. PROS
Great sound from a small package.
The sound is awesome and the batteries have lasted me more than 24 hours without charging.
Nice, small and decent sound
Recommended
Battery Life is No Joke.
anker soundcore bluetooth speaker.
Very nice!
nice sounding and easy to pair and operate
The wake up delay kills using this on my Alexa.
Upgrade to the Anker Premium if you can.
Good product. My husband wanted a blue tooth speaker ...
Amazing speaker for the price
Another Quality Product From Anker.
Good for dialogue
Black Anker SoundCore Bluetooth Speaker | Good Value
Quality Build and Sound
I instantly torn open the box and was delighted to find my speaker
you get what you pay for.
Great small speaker for the money
Love this little speaker for the price
I love this speaker!
Great Bluetooth Speaker
Buy This One! It Won’t Dissappoint.
The BANG for the buck!
Meh...
I can hardly believe what a fantastic deal this speaker is
Good Battery, Nice Sound...When it Connects
Two stars
Good sound and easy to connect to my tablet
Must read for a must buy !
I would like to give it 5 stars
I was not disappointed with the product I received
This little known company has put our a great product at a great price
If you are still deciding...read this
Great sound & value at $35
Excellent customer service!
Lives up to hype!
Great as a hands free for your phone!
Highly recommended - Quality speaker
Love this speaker
Great speaker for the money. Great speaker no matter what.
Five star product and customer support
Amazing speaker!!!!
Super awesome, but sadly gone too soon!
You are not wasting your money!
Fantastic buy - love it
Do NOT buy this!
Beeps randomly?
The speaker I've been looking for!
Bummed Out
Love it, it connects instantly & batt life lasts ...
Best purchase I have made in a long time
This little Bluetooth speaker is amazing. Well packaged
Highly recommend!
Clear, quality sound in a small wifi speaker
Works great if you get one that works!
This speaker is AMAZING!!
Outstanding for the price
Great sounding portable speaker.
Perfect gift!
AWESOME LITTLE GEM
Great little speaker at a very reasonable price
Sound, quality, ease of use all above expectations
Amazing speakers
Sounds Big in a Small Size
Good computer speaker but could be better
Turning on speaker and Customer Service
Great value. Exceeds expectations.
It was good while it lasted
This thing is more than I expected
Excellent product
Anker is the best!
Between good and great
Durable, Good Battery, Good customer service
Decent product, Great customer service.
There are better speakers than this
Very Satisfied - 6 weeks
Excellet, Compact Speaker
Why the 5 stars?!? Marginal sound performance
Finally - a Bluetooth speakerphone + great for music
Not ankers best work, but still a nice product.
Like others have said
Inconsistent bluetooth connection
Speaker DOA, but problem was taken care of!
Fantastic Speakers from Anker and there customer support is amazing
Great little speaker with an even better battery.
What a great accessory
Refreshingly flat response --- mercifully free of "zap"
The best bluetooth speaker, second to none!
Great for price
The Only Speaker You’ll Need Get A Couple
Best bluetooth speaker I've seen/used!
Impressed
As long as you aren't Kim K. you will love this speaker.
Great speaker at a great price with great better Iife.
Did my reasearch, and it paid off.
the sound quality of this speaker is good. We’ve had it for a few weeks and ...
You get what you pay for.
NO AUX CABLE unlike Oontz.
Quality sound in a small package.
Great portable speaker
Anker
Excellent speaker.
This speaker exceeds expectations!!  Great value! Don't waste money on over priced speakers.
Amazing battery life.
Great buy
Nice balance between highs and lows. Substantial feel too.
Very long lasting, great for daily use
For what they're charging it's fantastic. Has a really good battery playtime on a ...
What are you waiting for buy it ‼️😃
I love it
Tiny, Loud, Easy to use!
Love this speaker
pairs easily, lasts a good long while
Nice sounding speaker.
THIS SPEAKER DOES. NOT. DIE.
Very satisfied with this speaker great sound for budget price
Just what we were looking for.
Great in our Kitchen!
Impressive little guy!
Seriously the best Bluetooth speaker I've ever owned
Great Sound, Quality, and Design of an Affordable Bluetooth Speaker
I expected more [my review and subsequent experience with the supplier, Anker]
Solid product with outstanding customer service
Great speaker for the price
Anker continues to impress...
Well Made, Good Sound, Great Price
Amazing Quality, Sound, Battery, and Feel
Perfect!
Speaker was rated 5 stars but now 3
Decent speaker
Solidly built little speaker with excellent sound!
Ourstanding battery life.
Little Gem, Huge Sound
Hours and hours of battery life.
Excellent speaker.would recommend*****
A good speaker from a very good company!
Great little speaker
Great unit.
a lot of distortion.
Searched a long time before choosing this one
Can't go wrong buying Anker. I love mine!
Impressed and perplexed
Good little speaker
Good speaker for general use
Amazing Speaker!
Great little bluetooth sound "brick".
Excellent battery life and sound quality
Great customer support
Great speaker for the price and portable
Solid products, *amazing* service
I really like this speaker
Wow!
Amazing battery life, great sound, just wish it had a dash more bass
Solid little speaker for the money.
Where's the bass?
Good sound.  Easy to link!  Really holds a charge!
Great tunes for a small price
It's amazing!
Disappointing Product
I love Anker, but...
The range, which is the primary reason I bought ...
Unbelievable sound quality from such a small device. Bluetooth ...
Anker Never Dissapoints: Update
Great sound quality, and Great for using with Chromecast Audio
I purchased it shortly after neck surgery hoping for good sound and convenience while recuperating
Loud speaker
Really a pretty powerful unit in a tiny package
Almost perfect, but for this price, it's a no-brainer
Good little speaker, wish the sound was better
Excellent Anker speaker!
Great smaller speaker
Fantastic device
Five Stars
BIG sound, small package
Great Quality at a Low Price
Exceeds Expectations
I was amazed that I could connect this to my laptop & ...
I was pleasantly surprised and satisfied.
Echo Dot's best friend
I would buy it again
OK product. Strongly consider alternatives.
I bought this on deal day and I am glad I did
This speaker is too good at this price.
A Total Workhorse of a Bluetooth Speaker
good for price, but nothing great. UPDATED worth it because of customer service
and have been happy with what the Anker puts out
Best bang for your buck in Bluetooth speakers!
Awesome playtime
Awesome value for a solid BT speaker
As Usual Anker is Blowing My Mind
Rubber coating looks nice, nice firm-soft feel, but ...
Great with minor issues, easily overlooked
Awesome Speaker Period.
It Works!  And Sounds Great!
Fantastic! I love it!
Soundcore I has okay sound quality but great customer support.  Soundcore II is great!
They stand behind their product
For the Price,,, its a Win.. But it could've lasted longer..
Bose Mini Me (but stronger)
Battery sucks, the sound is awful after a couple of uses.
Great speaker with a few little quirks
GREAT SPEAKER!
unable to connect after one year BUT excellent customer service
Who Woulda Thought This Thing is So Great!
There is no better than Anker.
It worked so well that I ened up buying another.
Dissappointed Anker Fan
Even so I love the sound
This item had annoyed me to no end
and this is unbelievably amazing and once again
Best portable speaker on Amazon
Worst Speaker ever
Worth it!!!
Excellent customer service
I am quite happy with this speaker and satisfied by its quality
Best for the price.
Anker is top drawer!
Second time lucky
This little speaker is a nice sounding speaker for it price
Solid Performer for the price
Amazing sound for what it's worth and does.
Finally happy!
Pleasantly Surprised, Good Little Performer!
This is a sweet little speaker
Battery dead after 6 months. Anker replaced the box even after the return period had expired.
Battery life/sound
Affordable, High Quality Sound and Feel
Best Value
Nice bluetooth speaker
Unable to connect in less than 6 months
Amazed at the volume and brightness.
Excellent Nightly Use from a Single Weekly Charge
The sound is fantastic, the pairing is easy and works every time ...
Buy this!!
Mine came defective?
Awesome little speaker
Stopped Working After Two Months BUT MANUFACTURER REPLACED PRODUCT WITHOUT ASKING!
Another great Anker product
with good volume levels and descent lows and highs
Gets my vote
If you could catch it on a deal, go for it. but def not worth the original price
Because it's all about that bass!
Dependable for 4 Months then Broke
Good speaker
Little speaker with big sound
Great Bluetooth range
Buy this now!
... for a little over a month and use it pretty regularly and I've never charged after the first time
Great Sound at a Great Price!
Good Choice for Bluetooth Speaker
Good but could be better
Excellent. Buy one or five.
Solid speaker for a great price.
Excellent Bluetooth Speaker for the price.
It's really not all about the bass after all hahah
very very nice!
Great sound, volume and play time.
Great Value.  Works fine with Echo.
Great solution for my specific needs.
Bluetooth connection fails
Husband loves it
Love it!
Better than expected
The UE boom performance to price ratio sucks. The mids are slightly better
This is an excellent product.
Great speakers, good value for your money
Good battery + ok sound + bad quality.
Very nice
Long battery life of 3 to 4 days
Very happy with this speaker
No Hype, No Cool, Just Really Great Sound
This. Is. AMAZING.
Great quality for the price
Very pleased!
Great boom for the buck!  Love it!
definitely worth it; a solid speaker
It just works
Super long lasting battery
Do not buy!
Solid Speaker For The Price
The speaker is good at best... I had high expextations
sound and quality  for this price  is five star
This is an excellent speaker for the price
A lot of bang for buck!
Switches are hard to see-Black on black embossing-Update: Superb Customer Service
... the SoundCore speaker and thought it would be a good buy. I am not disappointed
Sounds better than I expected
Unreal battery life
Small and packs an audio punch
It is Okay
Does not goto sleep, instead it powers down...
Stopped connecting to bluetooth after 2 months, now it's useless...
Tested for 2 years must buy for price and quality
Nice little speaker
A Great Speaker
It works great, not too bassy(we were trying to stay away ...
Okay for the price.
Good for the price
Loud and Sounds Great
Excellent little speakers with great volume and the bass is ...
Much better than others in this price range
Liked it but sound was thin...
Great sound for a cheap price; weak Bluetooth connections. ***EDITED REVIEW***
Product Review of Anker SoundCore Bluetooth Speaker
THIS IS A MUST HAVE
Still a great speaker, after 2+ years
This is not the BASS speaker you are looking for, BUT you should check out the A3243 for great overall sound!
Listen to the reviewers, This thing rocks!
I'm happy with it
Small and sounds great - for $30
Decent Speaker Just Don't Let it Get Hot.
... i watch tv all day long the sound is awesome i do seam to have one issue with it ...
Class A customer service!
Real review, paid 35.99 prime price
I like the Anker name...however
If you want a great sound quality from a speaker, Anker is the one!!
Little speaker, big sound
Great sound from a small system.
Nice tiny little unit puts out a big sound
Happy Birthday Boy
A great buy if you need a bluetooth speaker at a good price.
Best speaker i've ever owned
Bad battery life
Great budget speaker
Pleasantly surprised
Great little compact Bluetooth speaker
I love this Bluetooth speaker
One Star
Stopped working for me
Wife Loves It.
Update (Suddenly stopped working)
Great! Until it breaks....
Great sound, attractive look, awesome price.
great little speaker!
Nice speaker. Battery lasts a long time
I love this thing
Disappointed with sound quality (Issue corrected)
Haven't charged it since I bought it...
and listen to it every morning when getting ready for work with our "echo" it has clear nice sound and goes pretty loud
Wonderful little speaker
not as loud as i hoped
Amazing little radio
Best speaker for the price. Get's loud and 0 distortion. Insane battery life too!
Superb battery life!
Weak bass, not super loud.
AMAZING AND CHEAP!
it's a great speaker.
Surprising.
Great bang for buck
Best budget bluetooth speakers!
Stopped connecting
Great speaker, bad charging connection but Top notch customer service (UPDATE, REVIEW EDIT)
Good addition for parties or home gym
This is worth the price.
Perfect for replacing your tablet's speakers.
Great little speaker
High Quality, better than it's price.
This thing is perfect. I like to use it for playing music ...
Bluetooth issues, poor bass
Its all about the base...
Battery life is PHENOMENAL!!!!
cuffed product and opened packaging
useless product still gets a "5"
Speaker: Awesome!  Customer Service: Also Awesome, but in different words!
Great Anker product
Sounds quality is really good, battery life is amazing
Great CUSTOMER SERVICE!  SENT a NEW UNIT!  Quit Charging on the 37th day
A good bang for the buck.
PERFECT FOR OFFICE DESK ENVIRONMENT
Durable, clear, max battery life
Loud, clean, and incredible battery
Lots of sound in a little box
Worth every cent and maybe even more!
Added An Anker SoundCore To My Traveling Sound System!
Produces big, flawless sound in a smart compact design at an excellent price.
the sound quality is excellent and it can actually get pretty loud for a ...
Stopped connecting after 9 months
so I'm trying to do a better job of contributing
Let's try the new one
Good sound and Great Customer service
Solidly constructed - it is a bit on the heavy side but it provides excellent sound while at work
Great cheap speaker.
Anker Rocks
Nice while it lasted
Went 4 days on one charge
It's never run out of battery
Easy to connect to
Works well with iPhone, not so much with MacBook
The sound is great on this;  got the replacement up and running...easy to set up and I just love the sound quality..
Excellent speaker for the price.
Wonderful Speaker
A fine speaker.
Lots of power in a tiny package!
Great product
Can't beat the price!
Good sound for a pair of tiny speakers
Great speaker and even better service.
Great speaker for the price
Anker took care of me!
failed to pair
Great Sound!
GREAT PRODUCT!!!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
Great sound, great durability, and unbelievable battery life
It really is a great speaker. The battery life is excellent
Little speaker, big battery!
Great Value on Excellent Product
One word:  wow!
Bought for my wife... We both love it!
Not as advertised.
Little speaker packs a punch!
Good volume, pairs easily
For the price, a good selection.
Ive known Anker to make good products and figured what do I have to lose
Nice speaker for the price.
Great speaker! Great price!
Glad I purchased this
Excellent sound quality
It’s been 4 months and I haven’t had to charge it yet.
I’d buy it again
I Really Like This Powerful Little Speaker
only lasted half a year
INSANE BATTERY
DOES NOT HOLD A CHARGE/BLUETOOTH RANGE IS VERY SHORT
Loud, rich sound
An inexpensive, decent speaker for every day use.
Great customer service
Quite a powerful device for the price
Quality speaker for good price
Quality
Just like my $300 boom bluebooth speaker!
Amazing speaker!!!
1st one was defective, Anker to the rescue!
Not just good for the money, it's just plain good!
Great speaker!
Great speaker
Great Customer Service
Needs to "wake up" a lot
Must have speaker
Great for the price
It Works As Advetised -- Including Long Range Reception
Had minor problems in starting it up. Did not ...
Perfect speaker excellent value
It's Okay.
Its a great product, the battery life is awesome and the ...
Pently LOUD!!!! Party Speaker!!!
Amazing Speaker
Simply perfect
Mic does not pick up Alexa commands.
Wow - Unreal sound quality.
A trusted brand and a quality product
Have not had to charge it since I bought it 9 months ago
Where's the bass?
Faulty products
Excellent
Excellent sound, great price
Best Bluetooth Speaker - Great Value for Money
Great budget portable bluetooth speaker
GREAT SOUND and Exceptional Battery Life for a low price!!
it's great. Got this for the bathroom to have music ...
False advertising!!!
Great Battery life. Value for money
Don't buy, two speakers now have died.
Does this speaker live up to the rave reviews?  Absolutely!
No Music? But it's a speaker! Music aahh.
Good speaker for the price
I can not recommend the product until the design issue is corrected
Not what I expected.
Nice Speaker
ifficult to read the conyrol buttons
Puts out a great sound
Anker is good!
Bluetooth quit working after one day!
Product is an Excellent Value
Charger port is faulty.
Great speaker! My stereo went out in my camper ...
They stand behind their product.
This speaker easily paired w/ my iPhone 6
I've had this speaker for a few months now and am very happy I bought it
First Anker Speaker...
INSANE BATTERY LIFE! A LOT OF SOUND FROM A TINY PACKAGE!
Great sound
Not gonna last you very long, will stop pairing within 2-3 months
Highly recommend
Great value bluetooth speaker!
VALUE FOR MONEY, GREAT FOR ROUGH AND TOUGH USE
Great product. Great service.
Finally a good wireless speaker.
the sound is good. However
Amazing Battery Life, Amazing Range and Very Good Sound.
Powerful and Clear
This is a good sounding little speaker.
Great While It Lasted
Trust Anker.
Best Customer Service Ever!
Compact, Good sound, easy to use.  UPDATE--- Great Customer Service
Excellent portable speaker with one extremely annoying beep.
sounds great. cheap aux jack broke after 2 months.
Affordable, with better quality than I expected
Impressive Battery Life
Great while it lasted
Won't turn on; got a great replacement
Amazing
Great for the average listener but audiophiles will hate it
Battery life is better than my Bose
Was not impressed expected better from Anker
Worked for months, Bluetooth got spotty,  then finally,  after many resets.....died  :(
Anker SoundCore vs SoundCore 2
Rock Solid Bluetooth Speaker with Great Sound
Decent speaker in a small package!
Got this puppy late June 2016, it is now ...
Excellent Product
The sub woofer is cool and all but it still doesn't handle real bass ...
Excellent speaker, but hums when providing a usb power source
Disappointing range
sturdy! use it around the farm and it sure ...
Great customer support
Great volume
Small in size, but great volume
Impressed with small size, great sound.
Great speaker, but the buttons need some improvement.
Nice Anker quality
Great sound and price
There is a reason this speaker is less expensive....
My Bluetooth Speaker
Love it so far !
One Star
Warning. not doing well. Bluetooth won't connect. My bad... it was me, I needed to only delete and re pair with phone. HAPPY A+
Excellent, Affordable Quality Sound
Great build quality, good sound, poor Bluetooth range.
Exceptional product, especially for the price!
Good/great but......
Super Cool Bluetooth Speaker
Great Deal for Under $30 - SO FAR!!!
Great little speaker for the price
Good value.
Stopped working after 7 months, but replaced for free
Bluetooth Keeps Unpairing device from iPhone and iPad
Excellent for the price - Can’t go wrong
Awesome & More
Small price ... Big Sound and great Battery life!
Good speaker
Lasted a year through almost daily overnight use (updated)
Great Speaker
Very good bang for the buck
Sound
This is a great speaker
A lot of quality in a small package
Amazing sound!!
Great value for the price
Best speakers ever!!
Solid speaker for the price
It’s great, I just don’t understand that beeping noise...
Great bluetooth speaker!
Charging doesn’t lasts
Great Speaker For The Price!
Exactly what I was after
Great little portable speakers
Quality and Enjoyment
Best of three I tried!
Bright LED is Bright and melting my face at night.
Broken after 3 weeks
Love it!
More than you paid for.
Great speaker for the price!
Awesome little speaker!
Good speakers last one year.  Give Soundcore2 a try.
There is nothing better than sitting on the beach with a cold beer ...
Great Sound for the Price
Surpassed expectations!
Very good speaker for home
Great service from Anker
Great sound, but one annoying flaw
Great deal!
Stopped working after 16 months but Anker replaced it right away
Connects flawlessly via Bluetooth, great sound.
Great sound
Good battery life
Excellent Product
Three Stars at first but then five stars
Great for the value and looks great
Great product from a typical college kid
No app/Remote
This Little Thing Is Awesome!
When unplugged the life of the speaker isn't that great and when the start to get low they emit ...
Anker vs Oontz angle
AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE!
Awesome speakers for the price
Great Sound in small package,
Great Speaker!
Tough speaker with excellent audio quality.
It's ok, good for casual listening.
so far for the price this is a great little speaker
REVISED REVIEW
Great Speaker
Nice looking speaker with pretty great sound!
Broken - *Updated*
Meh.
Perfect little punch!
Merely average sound for the size and price
GREAT sound
Very highly recommended. Well built, solid, and sounds great.
Anker is a top notch company
Good quality speaker
Great little speaker!
Very good speaker
looks great, feels great
Best Bluetooth speaker for reasonable price
Great battery life!
This is AMAZING!
The build quality is good, with soft touch plastics
Awesome little speaker!!
Won't take charge charger port broken
Well worth the money! Terrific sound
Battery life
Unbelievable battery life, awesome quality.
Fantastic value to price ratio
Yep - Exceeds My Expectations
Good price/Good product
Good sound from a little speaker.
Perfect For Our Use
mediocre level at best
good quality, short battery life
Great buy, would buy again
Great "surround sound" effect
What a Company Outstanding
sturdy, long-lasting, good sound
WHAT A BATTERY!  Sounds great!
Sturdy speaker with good sound
Surprisingly impressive, plays clearly, inexpensive, small and great range!
There is a newer version, but this one is still amazing even with the new one being twice as amazing
I'm so impressed with this speaker
Shockingly good speaker for the price
Great sound quality and insane battery life
I've not been disappointed at all
Tiny and impressive.
Great quality for price
Sounds good!
Nice for listening to podcasts close up
I love this guy!
This speaker worked great for a little over a year
Amazing Speaker
This is a surprisingly small unit that puts out great sound. This is my first bluetooth speaker
Trouble pairing sometimes. Other than that, OK.
Great little speaker
Everyone needs one of these
Sound reproduction is excellent, and that isn't all.
Minimal bass response
Works good, easy to set up
Use this daily
Great Speaker for the Price!
Ok speaker. Go with version 2.
Pleasantly surprised.
Broke 2 days after I opened it.
Will it ever end
Very Impressive
Great for the price
Loved it so much I bought another!
Three Stars
Died after only a few months
Nice Bluetooth External Audio Speaker for the Money
Great speaker!
Great for Good Sound On-The-Go!
I love Anker, I have purchased their wall chargers
What an Impressive Awesome Sounding little Speaker
Great speaker for the price
Charging port defective
Man, I love this thing
Bluetooth link is poor/ Great Support
Dang! I like this product.
It's just okay.
Great speaker for the price!
Good bang, for the buck.
I can hear (my alexa) clearly now
Great speaker for great price
Great battery, deteriorating sound quality. (Replaced device & Updated review)
Really loud! Awesome!!!
Great product and awesome customer service
Small yet powerful and smooth
Solid sound at an affordable price.
Great Speaker For a Student on a Budget
Great speaker for it's size and price
Look no further (unless you need one to run a party).
Fantastic. Well done, Anker.
Suprisingly great sounding speaker for the price!
Doesn't HOLD CHARGE
Best little speaker
Great Buy!!
Nice portable speaker with quality presence and feel
Very good. One suggestion for improvement.
Best bang for your buck, only one negative
Couldn't make it work. Sent it back. Not ...
What a great purchase!
4 days of battery life
Inop...And {update!) soon refunded hassle-free
Better than expected
Great little speaker at a reasonable price.
A lot of bang for the buck
Really good
Great buy
This is a great sounding speaker at a very reasonable price. Anker comes through again!
Great sounding speaker with very long battery life
this was an incredibly great purchase, and I have not been disappointed with ...
Perfect for low volume use
It has held up great, and it connects really easily to my phone
Really nice and reliable low cost Bluetooth speaker. with great sound
Sound Quality is awesome!
Very unhappy
Excellent sound but no mute button on the speaker
Great speaker for the size and price
perfect out of the box
Connects fast, stays charged, plays clean.
Great sound Great looks great quality- product can't be beat !
Worth it.
AMAZING!! Very long distance & loud sound!!
Another Great Anker Product
Great sound quality and amazing battery life!
Great battery life
Excellent Quality for the Money
USB Problems
Very deep and rich sound. Great product
Small, portable sound!
Good battery life, great price
Great Job Anker!!!
A great speaker with a thorough customer service team behind it
OK but not outstanding.
Awesome speaker for the price
Owner of 2 Anker Speakers and gifter of 1. Always excellent quality
This this is great!
Awesome Deal
It worked fine for 2 months
For the price... Getone
Just as expected
It's the Shiznit!
The Bomb!
Its a soild buy
Bang for the Buck
Very good sound volume coming out of such a small sized ...
Hard to beat for the price.
Works great. Good sound considering its size.
Small but gets the job done great
It’s worth it.
Great quality and hold a charge for a very long ...
does the job but not great
A Quality Speaker at a Low cost
Can't beat the price for a nice sounding speaker with very good volume.
Good Sound and Great Battery
Great sound quality
We had an issue, but Anker Customer Service was great
Not bad at all
Love this speaker
Great sound, easy to use
Great sound!
Great Sound
The sound is good and battery life is very good
2 Years strong
Amazing Sound Quality
Purchased 2 years ago still great.
First one i got was defective and second was also defective unhappy with the speaker issues
Best affordable speaker, hands down.
Produces excellent sound
Great Sound for Affordable Price
I bought both this & the similar DOSS Soundbox & much prefer this Anker speaker.
We had a problem, but Anker took care of us.
perfect for the locker room
Highly Recommended
Awesome Little Speaker
Best Product I've Ever Bought off Amazon
Not what I expected, yet exceeded expectations
Missing the cord (updated)
Won't even turn on. Edit- issue resolved and made better. Great soak speaker!
Amazing speaker at an amazing price. Perfect for beach/porch days.
Wonderful little speaker
Sound quality is good for the money!
Nice Sound
Great speaker for the money
Unbelievable sound, and wow on battery
Nice, works as advertised.
Awesome longevity great speaker.
loud little speaker
Nuclear Battery?
Awesome
Fine, But I have a Question??
Anker is a great product!
Works but
Great product.
This thing is awesome, the charge is so long
Amazing little speaker!
Malfunctions a lot
Love!
Stellar customer service
Great vendor attention to customer satisfaction.
BEST BATTERY IN MANKIND
Love it! Great sound and long battery life.
Excellent speaker, Anker makes the best products!
Solid and worth the money
Great quality again from Anker!
Give Anker an extra star!
Great at first, but very short lived (3 months)
Eh, there's better speakers for the same price
Totally worth it.
Okay for a small office or bedroom
Anker SoundCore
Amazing battery life
Loving it so far
Bose and Anker Sound Core / No brainer
Very satisfied so far
Great sound from a small, solid speaker. You absolutely get your money's worth!
Had issues early but excellent customer service.
Love anker products
Fantastic and small!
It surpassed my expectations, right out of the box!
Great speaker, outstanding support
But it surprised me by being having a great build quality and clear sound
don't hesitate!
fantastic. Mobility is gonna depend on user as it ...
Absolute trash. Seriously do not buy. Started getting ...
All is fine now.....
Buy them you'll like them.
A great Bluetooth Speaker with great battery life
Really amazing battery
Good speaker but not so "hot"...
and produces some great sound. His co workers really like it and ...
I love this.
Big surprise in a little package....BAHAHAHA
Literally THE BEST!
Musoc to my ears
Best Bluetooth speaker for the money
Good for its Price
Doesn’t work
Very impressed.
Nice sound and nice price
Won't charge. But the company contacted me straight away with the offer of a replacement. I love Anker!
Great Speaker! Well worth the money!
Great but ANKER print is a turn-off
Bestseller for a reason
Easily the best portable speaker I've encountered.
It does what it was meant to do very well
Fantastic Speaker from an Amazing Company!
Tiny little wonder
Good sound, expected a little better battery life
This speaker is awesome for the price.
Best small speaker to buy ever
JBL Flip 4 beat Anker this time.
So far so good. Great sound long battery life.
Awesome speaker. It has great battery life
Unbeatable customer service
Can't go wrong with Anker!
Sound is Excellent!!
Great speaker for the price.
which is annoying, although I have always re-paired it easily
MINDBLOWING SOUND IN SUCH A SMALL BOX!!  COULDN'T BE HAPPIER WITH THE PURCHASE!!
I expected a little more sound
Truly sounds great for the price
Never worry about dead battery
Total Steal!
Clear, easy to use, holds a charge insanely well
Stopped working after a few weeks :(
GREAT SOUND SMALL PACKAGE!!
but otherwise it's great and that might be an iOS problem
Good things come in small packages
Has many good qualities, such a a solid build quality
Great sound and battery life!
I'm blown away by the clarity of sound and abilities!
Likely got a faulty one, but it seems to work fine and has lasted me a bit.
Disappointed in Anker Soundcore Bluetooth Speakers
I would buy again
This is THE portable bluetooth speaker!
Excellent Loud Speaker
Great sound while it worked
better than expected
really good inexpensive speaker
Great product with a good price point
Love it!!
Bought for mom. She loves having it and it's ...
... this primarily in my kitchen and it's been absolutely great. The sound is clear and good quality
Loud and clear
Very Satisfied
Great little speaker
Complicated to use
Sounds great, looks great, would recommend.
Amazing little speaker!
Great sound quality!
Yes you should buy this
Great sounding speaker for the price
great value, compact decent sound quality. Failed after 13 mo.
Great little box!
Sounds quality is absolutely horrible
Functions, Looks, and Sounds Great.  Impressive Battery Life.
Another Anker, solid performance, solid company.
I LOVE this speaker
Great portable bluetooth speaker. Great sound & price!!
Great for playing music & using for hands free phone conversations!
but the sound is as awesome as described
Died after 1 year -- but they replaced it!
A really nice little speaker
Nice sound for size
... from such a small speaker and the bluetooth pairs easily and works like a charm
Good value! Works well in my office.
Amazing Sound! Much louder than my Beats Audio speakers ...
Super nice speaker for a good price!
Awesome!
What a cool little speaker
Perfect sound for clear music, and bass music, will not dissapoint you
66ft? Probably! Bass, meh... ...
Very happy with my purchase!
Works great...until it stops working.
short charging cable
Good speakers but effortless design
Optimal small speaker!
Good Product, Lousy Instructions!
its amazing
Great Sound Super Price
Would not buy again because of the flashing blue LED when not using bluetooth
Incredible
Great little Speaker, great little LOUD speaker.
Nice little speaker
Love this speaker!!!
Can do better.
I LOVE this speaker!!
Not what I expected
I've had this for about 5 months so far and I'm pretty sure it lasts longer than 24 hrs
Very impressed with the sounds quality
Does not work.
Overrated
Can't beat the quality for the price
Just perfect.
Great battery life and sound
It is so awesome. Generally
Good choice to pair with the Echo Dot
For the price, it's an insane value!
Doesn't actually play sounds UPDATE: RECEIVED REPLACEMENT
Very nice speaker for the money.
Great speaker for the money
The top of my list!
Small but powerful
Unmatched for the price
INSANE BATTERY LIFE
Great price for it's size
Perfect for Kitchen or Desk + Portable
I like Anker a lot now
Solid man, SOLID.
Great speaker. Easy setup.
The only Bluetooth speaker you will ever want!
Bluetooth functionality broke after 10hrs of usage *UPDATE: Anker sent a new speaker that works perfectly!*
One star. Great speaker when it's charging.
My fav
The little speaker that could
phone now plays music like a high quality stereo
Best portable speaker on the market
Excellent Bluetooth soeaker
Compact and robust
Very Good Speaker and Exceptional Service
Stop thinking about it. Get it.
Smoking and golf
Great, especially for the price!
Great sound!
***Very Impressed!!***
Broken after 2 months
For the money very good
Good Sound Qualty / Great Price
Works like a charm
Difficulty connecting to different devices. *updated*
Good for price
Great portable speaker
Awesome Speaker
Battery lasts forever
Excellent, top-notch speaker, especially for the price.
It’s sweet and inexpensive
Amazing Sound
Sent me a replacement.
Great product and customer service
I like that I can leave it plugged in to charge ...
just ok
Hate it!
Awesome
BEST AFFORDABLE BLUETOOTH SPEAKER I HAVE OWNED !!!!!
This speaker had great battery life
NICE LITTLE SPEAKER FOR THE PRICE!
amazing customer service
As good as you've heard
Better than I expected, very nice
Was pretty impressed with these speakers
Excellent.
Better than Sony.
Best speaker for the money
Amazing for Outside and for the price
Lasts forever!
Garuenteed to die within a year
Works
Great Anker quality for the price, if you're not looking for a bumping bass-heavy experience
I was absolutely blown away with the quality of sound ...
Doesn't Charge - POS
Fine. But the sound isn't great
Nice Home Speaker
Mic and speaker work fine for handsfree calls at home office
Best speaker you cam buy for the money
This thing rocks!
made my daughter happy
Awesome value!
Good speaker
Perfect for the price
It is compact so easy to tote around with all his other stuff (he ...
Quality Anker Product
Had High Hopes
Money VERY well spent!!!
Revised review:  A+ customer service!
Battery life is so long i think its haunted!
I love this little thing
Great little speaker - long range and loud
Solid feel and sound
Awesome Sound
Was very let down
Long battery life. Loud and clear sound. Great deal!
Amazing value!
Revising my review
Call Anker if you are having any problems with the speaker.
The sound is amazing, and it gets loud enough for him to ...
Durable, great battery life
Love this little guy!
Great Sound Quality
Great for its worth - definetely a pick up for a budget speaker.
great sound- great quality
Wish is was more reliable!
It was delivered on time and packaged in perfect condition. The battery life lasts a long time
This little boom box is perfect great bass sound and really puts out enough volume ...
Next day delivery! Who can do that?
Good bass, quiet ish
Dependable Speaker
Great for Music. Bad for Phone Calls.
This speaker is awesome. I’ll buy it again
Good clear sound
GREAT SPEAKER!!
One Star
Great sound and battery life from a small unit
Big sound from a small speaker.
Best for its price
Excellent product
Very nice speaker, especially for the money
Perfect
Very Happy with this speaker
Could be louder but great speaker
I like music do you like music
Anker is terrific!
This one is holding strong and the sound quality is excellent. Probably not quite as good as a Bose ...
Great inexpensive speaker
Awesome speaker
Bang for the buck
great sound! better than my Sound Bot
Pretty satisfied
The instruction book is useless and the on line info
I love this speaker
Good battery life, inexpensive, dcent speaker - BT conectivity issues
Well worth the price
Does what I want it to!
and I was able to hear it just fine over the dish washer I work next to at ...
Wow!
Buy it! Good sound/ good price
Man this thing hates to connect to my devices
Great company
Great Speaker!
Good sound quality
Almost as good as Bose but at a better price!
Very nice speaker for the price
Hidden gem! Worth the price!
I've bought three of these
A little bit more of high freqs, and it is perfect
Awful product. Waste of money.
Works well for office speaker
High fidelity light box
Like most shoppers I went by ratings
this product is perfect for my needs
Great speaker
Great BT device.
Anker Customer Service ROCKS!
Totally worth it
this is a nice speaker. It has clear quality and the volume ...
Sounds good for the price and incredible battery life
good speaker overall
Great sound for less than the big name brands.
Amazing sound and quality feel to this speaker
Stopped Pairing in Two Weeks
Great sound quality
Great speaker
GIRL MY SPEAKERZ GO BEUM BEUM
Definitly a good buy!
I wanted her to have something that would have a good quality, full sound at lower volumes so she ...
A little disappointed
This speaker is Bad to the Bone! Look no further!
The sound quality is very good, but best of all
Brilliant quality, shorter battery life
100% SATISFIED
Lots of sound for a small speaker and a small price
This thing is LOUD
Amazing
Great Portable Speaker
awesome sound
Meh
I nice speaker, but the buttons are hard to see what they do.
I want another one!
This little speaker is awesome!
Great little speaker
Great battery life!
Great sounding good battery life
Big Sound, Small Box
Stopped charging.
Battery lasts so long!
Remarkable performance for a fraction of the cost. Highly recommended.
Good sound for the price
Works Well
Super duper product
Best sound speaker I have purchased yet plus it gets ...
It's fine for the price
Monster battery, crisp balanced sound, and extremely affordable!
Good overall speaker
Good sound but weak bass for size
Great speaker
Poor bass
Superb value
So far, so good!
Great sound for the size and price!
Great sounding speakers
Surprisingly good sound from such a small speaker
Love the 60+ foot range and the long charge held ...
Bluetooth wifi issue for iphone
:o !
Love it!
As someone who uses a Bluetooth speaker 5 days a ...
Great speaker for the price
Such a great product for the price
Awesome speaker - Amazing Value
Excellent Bluetooth Speaker
No buyers remorse here.
Wonderful little speaker
Buy Anker products! They’ll last!
3 years later and I'm still loving this speaker
Rich sounding speaker
Three Stars
Best Bluetooth speaker EVER...especially for the price!
Good sound, great value, buttons need to be pushed down hard.
Really happy with the sound quality and portability
Very pleased
GREAT BLUETOOTH SPEAKER
Very happy
Better than expected
Great affordable everyday speaker
Sound quality is great but connectivity is not so great.
Great sound for a tiny thing
WOW
An excellent value bluetooth speaker.
Score one for Santa!
Quality sound for the size
Their customer service is great!!!
Pleasantly surprised.
Great value for the money
High quality for low price
Great sound! Obviously not a lot of base
Best Value Bluetooth Speaker
Nice little speaker, not quite hi-fi.
AWESOME BLUETOOTH SPEAKER
Perfect!
holy crap this thing is amazing
Wow!!
Beware. I got faulty version at first then operational replacement was quickly delivered following complaint. still worth it.
Unknown brand to me, but turns out to be a great product
Functions Well
Worth the price for sure.
Good inexpensive unit
Slight issues but overall good product and great customer service
Good for the price.
... would be a loud static sound - - almost like a loud boom
Big sound in a little package
Value for money
Like my Anker speaker
BEST AMAZON PURCHASE I'VE MADE SO FAR
to see which really had the best sound. Intend to keep the best of the ...
Great add!
Awesome little speaker with lots of sound
Unbeatable
The SoundCore 2 has some slightly better conveniences than this model (like not having to hold ...
Good speaker for the price!
This takes a while to connect to Alexa after I ...
Great sound—bad range
Great speaker!
Best battery bluetooth speaker
Works very well
The sound is good if not amazing, but the battery lasts for days
Wouldn’t recommend
Small Cheap Functional Bluetooth Speaker
Decent little speaker.
I don't remember the last time I charged it!
Perfect speaker!
Speaker crackles no matter what.
Pretty incredible little speaker!!!
A mini-miracle in sound!
Hard to see controls
I love the first one and I love this one
This is a great speaker, size and price wise
Another great product from Anker!
Slammin!
Nice speaker for the price.
Well built and great value
battery life is good so far
GREAT Speaker for the Price
Best Bluetooth under $50
Best battery out there!
Definitely worth the money!
Don't buy
Buy it!
Good battery life and good speaker sound
I love this speaker
Great Value
Good quality and service
Was disappointed at first but I was so wrong. Great product. Nice.
Awesome little speaker system
Good speaker
Good speaker
Spend a bit more, buy something bigger.
Excellent product, shipping materials lacking
Very good!
Nice speaker!
Good (not superb) sound for a small speaker.  Great for the kitchen!
Worth Every Penny
Excellent product!
Great device for the price point
Very good Bluetooth speaker
No regrets!
Don't do it
Awesome portable speaker.  Charge lasts forever!
I like the size and the sound quality of this speaker
Good bang for your buck
Sound quality, ease of use
This is a really great speaker and high quality
It didn’t disappoint. Good sound quality.
Good for the Price but totally missing Bass
Very disappointed.
Quality product!
Goes silent too often.
Great Battery Life but overall it's alright
I must have gotten a lemon...
Solid speaker but could use improvements
Sounds great, built tough
The New Standard for Bluetooth Speakers
Connected easily to my Kindle and off I went into my ...
Anker is Awesome!
she says it’s way superior, far better sound quality and for fraction of ...
GREAT product!  :)
Powerful, long lasting and reliable
Great buy
Nearly Perfect - No Complaints
2 loud 4 u
Small but mighty!
Really awesome product! I did just a little research because ...
Good Product
Great little speaker.
Great Value, Pretty Descent Sound
Honestly reviews aren't my thing, but I want to ...
sound quality is incredible for such  SMALL SPEAKER
iPhone 7 solution for no audio port
A perfect budget wireless speaker.
This little guy really pumps out the sound. Speakers ...
Great speaker for the price
Buy a different brand speaker
Pretty good deal for the right price
Love this. A great speaker for the price
It's not perfect. Can't get my phone too far away or ...
this thing is a beast! however, that beeping ...
Love it
Big sound from a small device!
This works very well with quality sound and good volume; I was impressed that when I adjust ...
Didn't meet expectations-weak volume and bass response
Freakin Magic-- the Ultimate Black Box
Anker Soundcore
Amazing Little Speaker
Good buy
Worked wonderfully for months -- however
Dead in less than 2 years.
Good speaker with a long charge.
Good cheap speaker
Love it
This ANKER sunk down to the bottom.
A very nice little unit
Great little speaker
Excellent speaker for its size
Must Buy !
A lot of bang for the buck
I like
Battery recharge failure at 4 months.
I love this little speaker
Yup
Excellent sound.
Buy with caution!
Great buy
Charger doesn’t work after about a year - see update
BEST SPEAKER EVER
Best Gift Idea
Produces great sound at a great price!
Very good sound for the price and great customer service
this is the best sounding compact Bluetooth speaker I own
Little Package, BIG Sound!
Better than expected
Good speakers
The sound is just amazing..
Good speaker
Sounds nice, portable, and enjoyable.
Great product at a good price
Solid Bluetooth Speaker
It was good until it stopped working
Excellent for a small portable. Decent bass, very good speakers
I'm glad I didn't go with my gut and spent more ...
Does it sound great, nope it's no Bose Mini
Lovely speaker, awful buttons
Great little speaker
Five Stars
I use it often and am happy with it
So much power for a littleish speaker
Very good
The Best selling Bluetooth Speaker for a reason
Amazing
Tired of your phone speakers?
Good bang for the buck
So worth the money!
LOVE this speaker!
Their modeling strategy is like apple, gracefully packaged products that look nice and ...
Competes directly with Bose SoundLink Mini Bluetooth Speaker II, for a fraction of the price.
Spectacular sound.
POWERFUL FOR ITS SIZE
Beep from Hell
The Anker SoundCore Bluetooth Speaker is an excellent product. Upon arrival
Great portable speaker
Awesome little speaker
It's as good as is advertised
Great Value!
I purchased a Sony SRSX2 for $70 and it didn't sound as good side by side as my $30 Nakamichi speaker
Small but awesome
Hooked up easily. Quick easy sync to Iphone 6
worth the cost
Broke after barely a year
Great buy for the $$
Best. Speaker. Ever.
Awesome bluetooth speaker for the size!
I love this speaker
Feels like a quality product.
Best Bluetooth speaker I’ve ever had
Nice little box of sound.
Shockingly loud and rich
This is the best Anker Bluetooth Speaker I have heard.
Perfect speaker!
Battery lasts forever
not according to the description
Ok I’m a believer.
Stopped working after 3 months
Fantastic for price.
So worth the price!!
Very bad
We love the Anker speaker for our Echo Dot!
Great, get it for 30 or under
Tried this model but settled on their Larger model after easy replacement process
Wow, Impressive speaker for the price
Fine Sounding Speaker.
Everything you want in a portable bluetooth speaker.
Shipped defective
Top shelf blue tooth speaker with rich bass and nice highs.  Easy install
Great for price.
Arrived in good order. Have used it for a few months ...
AMAZING BATTERY LENGTH!
and now it is our go-to pretty much any time we're in the mood for some ...
Very nice
Anker speaker
Pretty good speaker
One Star
Wonderful quality for the price!
This speaker is small easy to carry
Good enough?
Decent sound, nice build, not what I was looking for
Best value and good sound qualify.
Great sound for its size!!
I'd buy it again
Excellent speaker
Totally worth the coins!!!
Better than expected
One Star
The person receiving it was not happy. I have a Canz 808
Too shrill for old ears.  Wife likes it.  Some devices can't find it.
Dad Sure Loves It
Great for the price
Baby sized with a big punch!
2 months- Blown Speaker!!!
Great Price and Great Sound
Mini boom box!
WOW!
The sound is crisp and great. Worked flawlessly for the first 30 days
Awesome little speaker
Best Bluetooth Speaker I have ever heard.
Unbelievable
Just buy it.
Buy it!
Other than that it sounds great. It's not the loudest i'Ve heard in that ...
She hasn’t complained yet so must be fine.
im vary impressed with the battery life last me quite a long time even at highest volume level couldn't be happier seems vary well built will buy another if this ...
This speaker worked for about 2 weeks and then stopped ...
What's not to love?
This is probably one of the best Bluetooth speakers I have used the soundCisco very crisp ...
Awesome buy
Another great product from Anker
Just right
recommend.
Packs a punch, lasts forever recommend to anyone
Great sound
Super easy set up.
Three Stars
Great Speaker for its size
EDC in an Ambulance
Good quality poor Bluetooth connection
Excellent customer services makes me trust Anker
Very nice sound quality and loudness.
Such a fantastic speaker -- truly amazed!!
Works well with the Echo Dot. Music sounds great. Recommended.
Sounds great
Nice
Great Battery Life
Another great product from Anker
Puts out great sound. Love the bluetooth
Best purchase ever
best of the three but not much, but surely, better than the speakers on my thinkpad X1 carbon..
One  of the best Christmas gifts I've given
Loud
Very Handy and Mobile !!!
Good portable sound
It has some awesome sound, loud and clear
Im in love with this little speaker
I loved it as long as it was working
Rock on!
Great sound for such a small package
Adam was awesome
Cool color and convenient smaller size
Brings it!
Good sounds
Awesome speaker. Occasional issues connecting.
Great music enhancer.
Best speaker!!
this has no power at all. no bass, ...
Great sounding speaker
Great Product, Great Customer Service
Crystal clear but lacks in bass
... for a year and a half and it sounds awesome! It beats a bigger Better that I thought ...
Great.  Just great.
Anker Sound Core Dual Driver Bluetooth Speaker WORKS
Super long lasting battery!!
DOES NOT PAIR WOTH DEVICES
Pretty perfect little bluetooth speaker
I'm pleased with the audio output of the speaker
Alright for most listening
Incredible battery life
Great speaker for the price
Superb sound, quality, and customer service!
Great sound. Great price
Great little Bluetooth speaker!
Small but powerful
AMAZING BATTERY LIFE
WOW,I love it very much,it has a great battery that can last much longer and longer...than I thought
This Speaker does not Die!!!
How did we live without this?
Excellent speaker. Sound quality is on par with much more expensive speakers
This is a great product. It connected to my echo dot immediately ...
Amazing quality and beyond worth the price!!!!!
Delivery not as good as it should be.
BIG SOUND from a little speaker!  It's TRUE!!!
Great speaker and affordable!
Decent sound, supernatural battery
Trust Anker for quality
Awesome value. Unbeatable quality
Very durable
Anker Products are the Best!
The sound of music !
A speaker that will work long thsn a couple of months and that has good sound
Thanks Amazon & Aramex for international (India) buyer.
For the price point, really worth it!
Anker out does Bose Soundlink Color
Three Stars
Must-have for carry-all-backpackers
Shipping was excellent arrived on time
Excellent performance for price
Soundcore 2 works better
Awesome speaker
Good speaker, good price, sounds all right espically at lower volumes and can get decently loud
Exceeded my expectations, long battery, great sound and speakerphone
Best Value Bluetooth Speaker
The sound is not wonderful, but it's adequate for the mission of being ...
Don't recommend.
I like it
Quality meets Value the Anker SoundCore
I would definitely recommend this product
I love this portable speaker
What a great buy!
Awesome
Great Sound for a Great Price!
Worth every penny
Best bang for your buck, period!
I'm still waiting for the Candid Camera crew to come ...
One year warranty really isn't worth it.
Aux input already broken
Very inexpensive and great sound on the go
Great sound, much better than other Bluetooth speakers I ...
Best one I have purchased
Better than I expected
Great sound, awesome battery life
Awesome Speaker
Great speaker. Powerful enough for most scenarios and rugged ...
Sounds good, Looks good, Works fine. Good value.
Best Bluetooth Speaker
Great lil speaker!
Great speaker at any price! A+ Anker!
Really nice sound. I have tested out a lot of ...
Just received and so far it's working great. Really nice sound
10 out of 10
Great bluetooth speaker
Not quite a Bose - but great value for the money !
Music
The Great Anker Man...
Ohhhh yes you did!!
Great bluetooth portable speaker
Small and Powerful!
Love them!
About this Bluetooth speaker
seconds to easily connect and the battery hasn't died on me yet
Perfect
Great value, very good sound for its size
These sound great (though, they're not quite Bose quality
Great for golf course
Good sound for the price!
Big sound small speaker great for cost
Awesomeness!
Sounds amazing
Didn't like the sound
Great quality sound
Really happy with these sound and charge life.
Bang for bucks speaker
Singing in the shower!!
No sound.
Performs well.
No problems.
Sounds good
Loud and mighty for such a small speaker
Really great for the price.
Disappointed
Overall good product. Highly recommend
Great product
Great buy, loud sound.
Best speaker ever!!!
Great sound. Convenient size.
Great
Loud enough to raise the dead.
Was Awesome When It Worked
Good speaker for the price
Great little bluetooth speaker!
So far its seems to be GREAT. Battery life and auto turn off features are ...
Memberberries
An amazing gift. Great sound
nice little speaker
Great little speaker!
Nice little speaker
Anker bluetooth speaker is a great purchase.
This little speaker stands tall
Fantastic bluetooth speaker!  Sound is superior to others.
so I put it on poor sound production rather than the speaker
Music -good bass nice design
Great Buy
Great for the price
Battery lasts a while
Great!
Worth the cost good sound.
She is very pleased with it
Sounds great
Really good sound.
Perfect Speaker!
Works really well.
The sound quality is good. There are better speakers with better sound out ...
4 star speaker made 5 stars by hard to beat price
Does NOT come with charging cable.
Quality
Just as good as the expensive ones
his work truck has no bluetooth and this is working great with his cell phone while driving and talking to ...
Five Stars
The Anker Soundcore Is a remarkable device. For its ...
Very happy
Great at first but didn't last
Great Bluetooth Speaker
Good value
Great sound!!
This is My Second Order
Perfect sound & quality.  Great smaller size speaker.
A really nice Bluetooth speaker
ANKER Speaker is AMAZING!!!
Good quality speaker.
Simple and Effective!
Good company. Not quite the speaker I was looking for.
A well made product that screams quality, while costing 1/5 (or less) of a similar Bose product.
Long battery life and great sound quality.
Packs a punch of sound
Loud and clear
It did work
Good value.
Sounds lacks depth
Amazing battery life, haven't charged it in over a month
Anker Makes Another Sturdy Product I Expect To Last a Long Time
This has been a great speaker for the money
Awesome little speaker
Good
The bass is pretty well non existent
and battery life is far better. I will admit that Bose sound quality may ...
Amazing battery life and great sound!
Just buy it!
A worthwhile investment.
compact  and nice
Big sound, little speaker
First Bluetooth Speaker
Tiny sound, no bass
Nice speaker
Awesome little device
GREAT value
❤️Anker🇺🇸
Incredible sound and incredible price
Great Choice!
Awesome!!
Legit Speaker!
Great Sound, Great Battery Life!
Very easy to use and pairs immediately
Lasted only 3 months-but seller has replaced
Lacks Base
Great speaker
Great sound for the price
Big sound for hours in a tiny package!
This is the best bang for the buck speaker I have found
This is the best money I have spent on Amazon
Goid quality great sound
This speaker is amazing, the sound quality and battery life is awesome
Nice speaker, poor Bluetooth connectivity
No Worky No Warrantee
Best speaker i have owned, Coupled with the best support!!
good customer service
Excellent customer service
Great Battery Life
Best Sound Quality Speaker
Stopped working after four months!!!
Easy, good sound, good battery life.
Good sound
Excellent value for the price
Great Bluetooth Speaker
Possible the best for the price
Quality item
Absolutely awesome sound from this little speaker
Doesn’t get quiet enough
I love Anker products
Works well
Great
These little thing is amazing..
Works great, and is loud enough to make my girlfriend complain about it.
Decent speaker, excellent company.
Small speaker - BIG SOUND.
Great Speaker, Great Service
Satisfied
I wasn't expecting to love this as much as I do...
The only portable speaker choice.
Best speaker below $100 price range.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Great speaker!!
Great Mobility
Four Stars
Amazing.
A decent bathroom speaker
I don’t know if we got a defective one or ...
Connecting to laptop was difficult
Get something better. LOTS of distortion and crackle at higher volumes
I love this Bluetooth speaker
This speaker is amazing! $35
Fantastic
Nice and LOUD!
Superb product for the price
I am happy I took the time to read
Bought as a gift now I want one
Works Well
This is a great little speaker
Exceeded expectations, I love it !
Can't beat this (for the money)
Great for an affordable, portable speaker
Great Speaker, Amazing Price!!!!
Changed my life!
sometimes spotty connection from only 5 feet away gets worse and further away with multiple devices but its great ...
I bought one for work and loved it. So I bought a second one for ...
daily usage
Great little speaker
one word......PERFECT
Incase you’re looking for a Bluetooth speaker, this is a great one to have for a low price.
Great Bluetooth Speaker for the Price
Great sound.
Great speaker!
Not loud enough.
Very disappointed.
Actually Blown Away
Very good speaker for the price!
Love the clean form factor that allows you to place ...
Sounds great
Aweaome little speaker!
Love it.
WOW, what a battery
I've had this speaker for nearly a month, and ...
Great battery life and sound quality!!!
Speaker sounds great. When I got this thing it came fully ...
Rivals Bose sound quality for way less
A little disappointed on this
Sounds great, battery lasts and lasts
Sound quality is great. The speaker is actually way smaller than I ...
Blew me away.
The sound is great and even has decent base
Excellent product
best quality bluetooth speaker I've tried
Worth more than the asking price!
Its okay.
All around just ok for my needs
Solid for price
Couldn't be happier
Amazing battery life. Surprisingly good sound quality.
You'll love this thing
WOW, The Sound it incredible....
Just Good
Pretty Good Speaker
Awesome
Great little speaker with good range and battery
I love this company
i'm pretty sure they're being modest
Little hard to use
The sound on this is great. Gets really loud if you want
Great budget sound
Nice packaging, Fair sound quality at best
this speaker rocks I love it beautiful sound fills the room I've had lots ...
Very happy with Anker products in general
Sounded great for the price
One Star
OK but, light bass
Great buy
The quality of the sound is superior and the size is ideal
A Great purchase.
Best bang for you buck!!!
Good sound and good price.
Awesome speaker!
Good company
197253892% recommended
great sound quality and durable
very good, purchased for my daughter and still haven't destroyed ...
Amazing sound
this is a great little speaker
Great Bluetooth range!
Great sound and the battery really does last forever
Not bad but...
Poor sound quality compared to other speakers at similar prices
nice w/internet radio, poor for person i call...
I like speaker, and it has great sound quality and ...
I have been using anker chargers and just love them so i figured id trythe speaker
Great speaker great price
I just love this little blue tooth speaker
Little blue anchor speaker performs well.
Bluetooth Issues
Pleasantly Surprised!!
Buy ur e Blue one!
Sounds great and was everything I expected when I purchased it
Awesome speaker and more amazing customer service
Awesome battery life
Great Speaker
Excellent.
Great battery life
Works great for me
Super Speaker
Very good speaker
Great if your looking for something inexpensive
The Cubbies
Works great!
Not holding charge well at all
Yesss
Nice little speaker
A really great product
Decent sound at a good price.
Great little speaker.
I have always been pleased with Anker products and this one was no exception
Great support from Anker, nice personal speaker.
Solid sound quality and function.
i love it
Wireless Speaker
Great speaker.  I'll buy it again.
Good sound quality for the price range
Great sound
Noice!
Great bass and long battery
Good sound for the price. Easy setup, Looks great.
Great
Five Stars!
Poor sound quality
Quit working after a few uses
Excellent speaker! Got this on a "deal of the ...
I like it
Sounds good and easy to use.
Another high value Anker product!
Great Bluetooth speaker!
Anker Speaker
Amazing speaker!
Choose Another Product
Perfect for the kitchen
Gift
Works Great!
GH
GOT TO HAVE THIS
Small speaker but loud sound! Easy to work with. Great price!
One Star
Good not great
A good purchase for the price
Superb sound
Great speaker and great manufacturer!
Best in Class
The battery life in this thing is absolutely incredible. ...
This speaker is perfect for my needs
BlueTooth is Frustrating, but Great Battery Life
Freedom!
High end product like item
Excellent sound. Travels great
Great value for the price
100% Recomendado
Portable quality
Great performing bluetooth speaker
it fine speaker for low volume
Good sound in a small package.
Works great. Had to get contact anker and they shipped ...
Absolute Best Under $50
I couldn't be happier with this purchase
Only worked a couple of months
Outstanding
Great Sound Quality!!
Fair, doesn’t last long
My boyfriend loves this bluetooth speaker! Sometimes if you've ...
Not the loudest or best bass but fits well in a small space
Sounds great and great price
Great product
Excellent quality to cost ratio!
High quality sound with ease of use!
Great speaker and sound.But the sub for charging is the weak spot.
Wow
Best speaker ever
Great buy!
Great speaker
Great look and sound!
Easy to use and LOUD!
Teen loves it. Good battery life
Well built. Great sound.
Worth the buy!
This is a great buy for the price
A great bluetooth speaker to use with Echo Dot (or any ...
I’ve never been disappointed in a Anker product
Fast service
Love it
Awesome Speaker
Won’t pair
Great speaker for the price, but the bass isn't fantastic.
Great sound for size and battery life makes it a win.
Annoying.
Amazing battery life
The speaker was easy to pair with my iPhone
Good sound quality for such a small speaker
This is sweet
Looks great and you definitely can't beat the sound quality for the price.
Battery life is a miracle.
Impressive little speaker!
Poor audio quality
Works great!
Very satisfied with the product and the excellent service
Two star
I love being able to listen to my music louder than ...
SIMPLE TO CONNECT TO ECHO DOT
Just adequate
Three Stars
Giving 5 stars because I am happy about the product
Wow!
very good value for $$$
REAL REVIEW by REAL customer(who actually paid full price for it)
Anker customer service helped me find what I was looking for. Their customer service is amazing.
Anker Soundcore can't be beat for the money!
Big sound, stays connected, and battery lasts long!  What else do you want?
Needs Improvement: Buttons are awful
Great sound for a cheap price
Great Product
Great product, great size
Nice speaker with neat design
Perfect for a gift
Perfect
Sounded good, but I needed more base.
Smooth
Absolutely Amazing
Guess I'll suck it up and go with the Bose one
Great speaker
Typical Anker quality
Great audio quality and very loud
Great Speaker
good quality. BUT
Great sound (nothing fancy but then it's not expensive either) ...
I wasn't happy with the range at first
Love the quality u get for price
tiny package, tiny price, big , big crisp sound.
Wish it was louder but it works great overall. I use it in my car since ...
Good device; Falls short of 5 stars
Sounds Great
Great value in little wireless speaker
love the battery life
Loud, clear, reliable, long battery life
DYNAMO sound and quality!!!
Great for the price.
Three Stars
Works like a charm.
You get more than what you pay for
Best bluetooth speaker I've owned
Sound quality very good considering the size of the device
awesome Anker battery just like what they're known for
Perfect To Correct Lousy Laptop Speakers
Small Speaker, Big Sound
Great sound quality in a tiny package!
Great buy.
Little boy but great sound
Nice sound for a low price
I highly recommend this product
Battery died
Great value!
Great Product and Company A++++++
Bought one for me and one for a friend.
Great speaker, great value, great customer service
Very high quality
Love it.
I love it.
The battery never dies!!
Love, love, love
Good speaker
Unbelievable sound for such a small box
Great fix for horrible speaker in older iPad
Great speaker for its size.
The size is perfect and the volume for the size is impressive
buttons suck, battery is impressive
It's a bluetooth speaker...
Good speaker.
Great sound for a small speaker
Sources: Dude trust me
Great speaker
Five stars 🌟
Great Battery & Good Sound
Great speaker, try it :)
It worked great for 15 months until it never worked again!
great quality speaker
easy to use
Not deep bass
Semi sorta kinda good
Good speaker!
Loud
This is perfect. Sounds good and has a good bass sound ...
Perfect size and works like a charm
Great sound, size and price
Battery life is excellent, 24 hours is accurate if not an understatement
Doesn't work after seven months
Small yet pretty loud, durable design
Doesn't turn on
Great sound quality and very affordable!
I think this unit is even better than my Jawbone
ok unit , if you dont like loud music
My favorite speaker.
Great speaker, excellent sound
Nice speaker
Love it !
Just 'OK'
Great Speaker
Good sound, great value for cost
Glad I purchased this.
Very nice (Borat voice)
Great speaker for the price
OK but others better
Good value for basic speaker
Has a rich sound!!!
Sounds good
Love it!!!
Really a good product.
I like it! May buy another one.
This is a wonderful speaker. It lasts a long time on a ...
Awesome
Easy Set-Up -Read Directions
Works great for the price
I would not recommend using the speaker in a noisy place
Love this speaker!
Great wireless sound on the go!
Amazing speaker, exactly what I wanted
Another Winner from Anker
Portable amd easily storred. Highly recommend
Unbeatable price/quality ratio!
Battery life is amazing. Clean sound
Perfect for me
Great speaker at a reasonable price!
PERFECT!
Really great sound from a little speaker
Pretty nice speaker for the price
Fantastic speaker at a great price
A good speaker that my daughter uses all the time
great product
Great for the price
battery runs out fast, but works great
Played for 1 minute then dead
still solid at 24hrs
Not as good as I was hoping for.
Must have
Seriously good sound
I love it. not the Jambox that I own but ...
ANKER products are just TOO GOOD
Easy to pair
Liked it very much once I got help with the ...
I like it. Happy with purchase.
Perfect audio, small speaker.
Nice speaker
Great speaker. Well worth the money
I love it! Except the beeping noisy that it does ...
Ok
Amazing battery and good sound quality
Great buy for the price
Great value
Nice size
Great little speaker played 5 days of 18 holes of ...
Nice little speaker
It's loud and clear and would recommend to anyone
excellent quality
Great sound and good volume range!
2 months, no complaints.
I am just amazed of how long the battery last
Good speaker. Not sure if it last long
This little speaker puts out great sound! i am impressed
This has been a great little bluetooth speaker and I like it so much ...
My go to speaker every day
Not explosive proof but close enough
Good speaker, good price.
Quality speaker
Great $36 product.
Love this speaker!
Awesome Little Speaker
Dont hesitate,  just get it!
Really really like this speaker
Updated review 5 stars!
Works great as a phone speaker/mic
Great value and great sound
Bought as a gift
Great Qaulity Speaker
This speaker is perfect for what I needed it to do
4 stars for this
Nice unit
Great product
Great speaker.
Very good sound!
Awesome
Stop looking around  it's more than worth it
Great Speaker
Ankers the best!
Great value speaker
My husband bought this for me because I'm hard of ...
Impressive, room-filling sound.
One Star
Outstanding battery life!
Great sound.
LOUD AND CLEAR
This is a great speaker, however I did have an issue and ...
Great speaker for not having base
Fit and finish looks great, super high quality
However he takes it with him everywhere he goes doing HVAC and it's great!
Nice sound.
This sounds great! If it holds up I’ll buy more for ...
Great sounds!
Would recommend this to someone that wants a small portable bluetooth ...
Purchased as a gift the recipient loves it and uses it constantly
Great customer service
Good product
The sound is also pretty big for such small speakers
Loud and Clear Sound
Great!
A++++++
Everyone needs.
Very happy with this speaker
Best speaker I have ever had...
BUY IT!!!
Love it
Great sound
Excellent portable speaker.. talk about long battery life
Well built and good sounding speaker
Good while it lasted
Easy to use outdoors
It’s so small yet sounds great! It’s well made
Small, Loud, Great product
This thing rocks
Great battery and plenty loud.
Good Speaker -Small, Portable, Battery Life is Amazing
Great sound quality
Great Speaker!
Exellent speaker
Really great for the price!
True vocal clarity
For the money I don't think there is a better portable speaker.
Sound was terrible.
Battery life is incredible
Best Customer Support
Great Casual Speaker
WOW!!
great speaker for the price, but frustrating difficulty getting to turn on and off
... thank those of you who shared opinions on this amazing little PowerHouse
Very pleased with this purchase!
It is the perfect size for a bedroom or deck party
But like I said
Superb sound and build!
Unbelievable value for the money!
Great product for the price!
Great speaker... greater price!
Very nice
Ok sound quality, no bass, don't expect Bose Soundlink Mini performance
Well made!
I love the sound and it connects easily every time
Love it. Long battery life
Awesome bluetooth speaker for the price
Great sound and built well
Great value. Clear calling a plus!
Great sound
Great little speaker.
Better than I had expected. Robust sound, long battery life.
Great speaker. The accent here is not on the ...
What a joy it is to listen to music via my Amazon ...
Not for me
My fave little speaker
a lot of sound in a little package
Highly disappointed
Great sound. Use it daily
Great little speaker
Really good Bluetooth speaker for the price.
Anker soundcore bluetooth
Well built, loud bluetooth speaker.
Excellent quality. I love this speaker
Defective or junk?
Compact Sound
Absolutely Outstanding.
Excellent sound quality considering the price
"If you have the means, I highly recommend it"
Great speaker. Very easy to set up
I say it’s worth it
Great Gift.
Great product
Amazingly good sound for such a small speaker
Overall Excellent Product!
Nice speaker.
Very easy to use
Worthwhile speaker
Great speakers!
Audio quality vs price
Hearing problems ==gone.  super sound 'love it.
sounds great, nice and loud
5 stars
We have used it at the beach and in the shower and it still sounds awesome in all surroundings
Great buy!
Good speaker for the price.
Very nice speaker.
Anker is always the best brand. As soon you charge it will go ...
Good speakers
I have purchased 2 and they are great
Excellent speaker
Great sound, easy to connect
good sound
This thing is really great!!!
Worth the money
Oh, Totally!
Minor recharging cable issue.
without a doubt the best speaker in its class
For a compact unit sound is great
Excellent
Total BS…
Good for the money
Excellent sound
Great sound, great battery, great service.
Good sound
Fantastic value and sound!
Quite happy with the speaker
Great sound and pairs nicely with the Dot
Good speaker
Great Bluetooth Speaker.
Sound quality is really good for this price point
Nice
Five Stars
Battery Last a Very Long Time.
Subpar sound quality
Pairs easily and quickly, sound quality is amazing.
Great little speaker
Great value and product
Happy Aunt
sound is good. Don't know about the 66 ft range though
Amazing
Great little portable speaker with good sound quality
Excellent for the money!
Perfect item when room has no music and you want ...
Awesome sound! Almost too good
Came nicely packaged with a charger as well
The sound is phenomenal for what you pay and the charge lasts really long and the sound is amazing. Got this as a cheaper alternative to the ...
SPEND A LITTLE MORE AND GET ONE THAT WORKS
Good Sound
Works Perfectly!
Bluetootch Connection Oversight
Five Stars
Good Value
Such a steal!
Stops connecting
Fun and great sounds!
A good enough speaker.
it works great. No hassles connecting
Solid, reliable
Small group -- works great.
Little Red Speaker
Great speaker.
Solid!
Very satisfied
Decent enough sound quality
The speaker is sturdy and very well made
Great product at a great price!
Good sound quality and great battery life
... the third Anker device I purchase and I cannot recommend this brand highly enough
Great sound for the price and size.
Stopped working within a month
5 star product- great price & long battery life.
Great product. Sounds great accidentally ran it over and ...
Great Quality and Value!
And loud with great sound. Put in my bathroom during shower
Better than more expensive speakers
Very solid and great battery.
Nice, clean packaging
Lasts all day!
Lots Of Sound From A Small Speaker
The battery seems to last forever.
Disappointed
Anker is the best in portable power so I gave this a try
The bass on it is nice and the battery life on it is nothing short ...
Shockingly good for such a tiny speaker!
Sound output is great for the size
Battery life is awesome.
Would buy again, great speaker
HOLY CRAP! Surprising sound out of a small form factor
GREAT SOUND
Totally satisfied
I love this little speaker
Loud and cheap
GOOD speaker but Newest Version Fixes Problems.
Pretty decent sound for the price
Little speaker with a big sound
Anker Bluetooth Speaker
This little thing is pretty loud. It is also very clear I listen ...
It was great until....
great sound - bought to work with the Echo Dot ...
If you don’t care for any bass then it’s worth the money
Works well, For being a bit Bigger it doesnt ...
Great product!!
Easy
Wow!! for this little thing it works great.
and I have to say that one is cheaper and sound better, very
Awesome 👍🏽  speaker!!!!
they work fine.
Nice
Not too bassy, but great all around!
Great speaker
Best bluetooth speaker you can buy, hands down.
Four Stars
Poor sound quality, good build
I couldn’t be happier with it
Excellent!
and was pleased not only with its superior user interface
Best purchase!
Overhyped
Five Stars
Wish it went lower
No complaints
Great while it lasted
great sound
along with a good clear sound
Sound and Battery Life
Works great. Sounds really good
I also tested out the microphone and everything works great. I am now charging it but I can ...
Works Great - Teacher
Great bang for the buck
Best Bluetooth speaker I’ve owned
I am not an audiophile but this speaker far exceeds ...
Good sound
Great affordable Bluetooth speaker.
Great customer service.
It works great and once charged plays for hours
Good sound.
I would buy this again
Considering the size and price it sounds great. It will NOT replace a "real" speaker system
Good buy
Good quality speaker
One of the best deals I've ever gotten from Amazon.  Highly recommend purchasing this Bluetooth speaker from Anker.
Great speaker. Looks good and sounds good.
Crystal clear sound, strong bass, loud volume.
Great sound. it was easy to set up but ...
... 1- UNBOXING -- The speaker does not comes with unnecessary packaging. Pretty much just what it takes to ...
Five Stars
Super reliable. Thing also gets loud as hell for ...
Quality electronics at a low price.
Great Sound, Quality
This is a great speaker. I use it for my Echo Dot
Amazing sounds
All treble but great longevity. The battery will outlast us all at ...
and boy am I glad I did this is a fantastic little speaker it's ...
It's a great product.
Worth Every Penny
I love rich, full sound with bass
Love Anker.
Tiny but powerful....
Excellent small BT speaker.
Easy to install & Excellent Customer Service^^
Great speakers for the price and quality.
One Star
Best speaker for the price
Good sound for a good price
great product and customer care
Not as good as it sounds!
Nice sound for a small speaker!
Sounds INCREDIBLE!
Really good all around Speaker
Great products for the price
Not the best sound
Incredible sound for an unbeatable price!
Affordable quality sound speaker
WORKS GREAT!!
Love!
Bought this product over similar ones because of the great reviews that it had
Not a fan of the muddy sound...
Best Portable Speaker for your Buck
Just okay
Love this little music box
Everything I expected for a good price point.
Will buy another one
Wow.
No sound coming from speaker
This little speaker works well for the size. I ...
Great Value!
I love it! The only thing that I don't like ...
Wonderful product
Takes a beating
Frustrating!
... son and I have to say it is the best little speaker for the money
Five Stars
great sound, easy to use
Awesome
The size is perfect and it is easily portable
Nice sound
One of the best Bluetooth speakers I have ever used.
Amazing!!!
Powerful and Clear
Sounds great. Connects fine. Works far better than their Little Cube..
Extremely Happy with my purchase
I love the mobility and sound so much I bought a ...
Does exactly what it is supposed to do.
Great Bluetooth speaker!
Excellent product, nice quality, and very good sound, great buy
Good for the price.
Five Stars
Quality sound & design
Meh
This is GREAT! Definitely highly recommend
Good stuff
Great
It's mostly fine for conference
Get it. You won't regret it. Good for it's price.
Good buy.
High expectations :(
but that he wishes the sound was a bit better. Overall
I was quite impressed I've had this speaker for about ...
Five Stars
Great sound for a great price
Just being honest
You can't go wrong.
You'll Like It
Perfect!
Would not work consistently with my MacBook Pro running v.2.4 Bluetooth
Caution loud speaker
I needed something small for a bedroom and this speaker is so much better than I expected
Amazing Speaker
Great speaker
Do not buy
Great Value Great Sound
The sound quality is far better than phone/laptop speakers
Best bang for your buck
Great for cost
Ballin’
Awesome
Great speaker
Small price, huge sound.
Happy
Best one I've had.
The best speaker out there
Quality little speaker!! Serves the purpose!!
Impressive!
First one worked, second has issues, Anker made it right
Cute Little Thing
Good Value!
Good little portable speaker
Awesome
Great sound
Excellent Speaker.
Super speaker for the price, perfect for Echo Dot pairing
Not New
Bought on Impulse - Thrilled
Great sound
Pretty spectacular sound quality given its price
Sound quality is great for the price paid
Enjoy the speaker
Great speaker, spectacular company
Five Stars
Portable, and useful speaker.
Great sound for a little speaker
Sounds amazing!!
Great Inexpensive Speakerphone Solution (good speaker, too!)
Small Room Speaker
Are you going to annoy the neighbors with it
Would Recommend It
Love the smooth mate finish on the speaker
Man love this speaker structure has a little weight to it ...
I can't say how this will hold up over time ...
Good clear quality sound!!!!!
After several months' use, i still feel lucky
I'm happy with my purchase
Good speaker for news and an echo dot
Plays loud, good size and easy to use
Best value
A good product. Battery life seems good
Sound great and reasonable priced. Love it
Sound quality is good, nothing spectacular
Love it
Compact and nice sound
Great little speaker which can't be beat for the price
A Gift
Great sound. Battery lasts for a very long time
Good Speaker
If I could give this 6 stars I would
Love it, use it all the time!
Volume get lower and lower
Battery life is amazing!
Incredible battery life!
Bluetooth
Battery does not last
Four Stars
Terrific little portable Bluetooth speaker
LOVE IT!!
Great
Very happy with purchase
Defective Charging Portal; Very Disappointed...
Good little speaker
Stopped Working
good battery🔊📲🎸🎹
Sound is fine. But the connection between the outlet and the ...
Nice compact speaker with great sound
Great for the classroom
Fast shipping and works great
Great quality sound, good battery life, love it.
Charging Issue
Great travel speaker
Three Stars
Sound quality
Best choice I made this year
Great product for price
Five Stars
Super great value! Very loud! Awesome sound quality!!!
Anker Bluetooth speaker
Battery life is ridiculously good!
Five Stars
Great bang for your buck
Good speaker, missing charging cable.
Satisfied customer
Well made and high performance - highly recommended!
Three Stars
Good speaker, compact size
Sound is nothing to be proud of but it's not bad. Battery life is amazing
BUY THIS!!!
Great product!
awesome blue tooth speaker
Three Stars
Bang For Your Buck
Very pleased
Fantastic sound and battery life!
Good value, decent sound but very little base
Battery last forever
pay for what you get
Long battery life stays charged for a long time
Recommended as an inexpensive decent quality speaker
Five Stars
Nice speaker
Love this speaker
It has great sound and easy to move around from room to ...
Love, love
So far it's a very good in sound quality and battery life
The sound is loud and fantastic. I pair it with my Ipad
easy to figure out
Very solid unit with deep clean sounds
Nice!
Great little speaker!
Nice little speaker
Love this product
This thing is awesome. Got it for my college dorm room and ...
Great bluetooth speaker!
Consider it money well spent!!
Not up to expectation for the price.
This product is as good as the 127.00 Bose
Great speaker (especially for under $40)
Great speaker for its price
Speaker was bought in Feb, but got as a ...
Four Stars
Loudest bluetooth speaker I've owned and great battery. Very hefty and well-made
Pretty good sound for the money
Awesome speaker!
Good speaker and loud
Great quality
Quality across the board
Simply the best !
looks pretty. My only downfall was not spending the extra ...
Awesome
Nice suprise for a small price
Amazing
Quality for the price
Awesome battery capacity
sounds great
Small, nice price, and works well!
Great little speaker for around the house!
Awesome
Buy it
Fantastic device that has served me well for 11 months
Nice Speakers!
Connectivity issues////updated
No way to turn off blinking Bluetooth light
Battery life is great.
Total Satisfaction
Just one problem...
I've had this for almost a year and I've charged ...
Nice speaker.
GREAT SPEAKER !!!!
I love this speaker..ordering another one!!
Great speaker.
Works really good.
A Must Purchase
Solid Speaker and Amazing Battery
Great solution for music in classic car.
GREAT!
Great sound, horrible connection range.
Bluetooth Fail
Love this spaker so clear the bass is just right
I love the battery life
Small, yet powerful
Item was ok until the 5th month and now has ...
Big sound in a small package
Excellent sound!
Awesome BT Speaker
Incredible battery life. Incredible sound!
It has great sound, the battery lasts well
Quality is on point
great, great price for what you get
My now MIA ue mini boom was a better sound performer then the soundcore in my opinion
Great Value!
Really good purchase
Great sound and size
Excellent customer service on their part
Very Good Sound for Less, with a Top Quality Build!
Good stuff, looks great. Low sound output. Good for indoors.
Decent
I like it. 😀
Very pleased!
this is a good sounding speaker for the best
I received a defective one but their customer service is AMAZING
Best bang for my Bluetooth buck!
Great little bluetooth speaker.
I LOVE THIS SPEAKER
Great bluetooth speaker option
Great for college student!
Most impressive sound and longevity EVER.
Great product
Compact
I Wish I Could Buy Stock in Anker
Little with good sound!
Very good speaker
Awesome speaker
But not this one by far one of the best just got a 2nd
Quality speaker, reasonable price
Nice little speaker!
this is an excellent portable bluetooth speaker
Superior Sound in a Mini Speaker
Great little speaker.
Don't have doubts buy it
Stunning
Its ok but nothing special
Love it
Has been working great. Was easy to connect up
Great price for a great product.
good product
Great value
It doesn't work anymore!
Five Stars, yes this is the one
Beach trip and lived
Awesome Speaker!
Good product
Tremendo
calidad y precio
Nice purchase
Incredible sound quality
A good Bluetooth speaker.
Buy it !
Works great!
Easy to use and charge
I haven't charged it once
Everything is perfect
Great sound and Bluetooth
Five Stars
... one and the smaller one and they are both great. I actually use this one in an old ...
Nice little speaker
I showed another techie friend of mine and he says that they use Anker at his work because it has great quality of sound for a r
Battery life
Awesome Audio. The glue weakened on one, some buzz from its looseness. Turn to quite using gravity.
Great overall
Good Product
Can't beat the price friends will think you spent more.
Awesome speaker
Good buy
Small but good sound. I use it with my iPad. The volume buttons work well.
Great!
Great sound, so so bluetooth
What a steal this speaker is
Good little speaker
good sound quality
Love this!
Amazing sound quality and battery life
Really Good!
Love love love this
Reasonable buy.
Don't hesitate to buy Anker products..
Pretty good speaker...with one absurdly annoying feature!
Nice speaker but not technically portable
Worth the money
Unsurpassed battery life and deep, quality sound
Great in the golf cart, at the beach, or as a speakerphone
Would buy again
Awesome for the $$$  I have 3 and this is the best
Have red and blue ones
Excellent Value
Good
Nice sound if you can get it to pair
No function to use the speaker to play the next song or the previous one
Compact
Sound quality and volume level is excellent! I bought two
Good Product
BEST SMALL BLUETOOTH SPEAKER!!!
Easy to pair with echo dot
Anker redeems!
It's no Bose but sounds good for the price
Great speaker for the dollars spent
use it all the time
Great sound at a great price
Little box - big sound
Easy to Connect
Built great, it feels solid and comfortable
speaker
and it's the perfect little bluetooth speaker
but for it's size it has great sound quality
Great sound for the price, you won’t be disappointed
Great look, sound, and build
Great value
Good For A Fling
Great sound!
Anker update
Best Value for the Money!
Great product
Wow!
Great product, although the blue tooth range does reach ...
Worth it!
Loved this product!
GREAT SPEAKER FOR A GREAT PRICE
Speaker
Quality
Great little speaker for the price
Dope purchase.
my Sony SR2-X2 is better but for the price the Anker does the
- Sound quality is solid - Speaker looks high quality - Battery life is great (though unsure if it is truly "24 hours") - ...
Get it
Mic not working.
Solid!
Bluetooth cuts in and out under 50 feet away.
Great value and sound for the price
Portability
Great sound and the charge lasts
Good quality product
This is such a cute speaker with great sound quality and long life
Great value and great sound!
Good
The Best.
A  Sound Deal!
Easy to connect to Alexa and has a great sound
bluetooth connection range wasn't that great! was a deal
Love this speaker
Love this little guy
Great Value, Great Speaker.
Stunned that the sound is so good!
Great speaker! 24 hours of charge is unheard of- ...
its ok..
Quality
The company was very helpful though and sent me a packaging slip to send it back and I soon received a brand new one from the company that works great.
Good bluetooh speaker with great battery life.
... the battery out on this and the sound is great for such a small speaker
I’m in love.
Awesome!
Great speaker at agood price.
Good light weight speaker
Beautiful design, loud enough for a room
Great speaker! I did have a little issue recently ...
Great little speaker
Don’t expect too much
Reliable products
Five Stars
Great company
Great Gift
Not as advertised
Great volume. Great bluetooth sound
Excellent sound at a discount
If you listen to shows like BBC and NPR it provides adequate value
Good for the price
Great
Love this speaker
Best speaker under 50 article was correct
Great speaker, but.......
Five Stars
Better than expected
Happy with the product!!
Small but packs a punch!
Good speaker, Bass is a bit weak
Really good speaker for the price
Little speaker big sound.
And absolute must have!
Gives me listening fatigue because the bass tries too hard
Love the product
Sounds great
Best speaker
Great sound for the price!
Very nice speaker. We use it on our patio and ...
Amazing battery life!
There products are the best in my opinion
Excellent Speaker
Value for money !!
Great litle speaker
Good quality
Wonderful Sound from Classical to Classic Rock Music
WiFi speaker.
Good bass, good clarity, could be crisper up high.
Try it you won’t regret
Good
Great company
Great little speaker!
Wow!
Five Stars
Can Bluetooth it to anything and the sound is awesome.
Excellent easy to use speaker for the price
Love It!
Five Stars
Excellent sound. Really loud
Not loud enough!
Five Stars
Best speaker truely!!!
Five Stars
Shut up and take my money !
Great speakers, light to carry and a good size
Wife Loves Her New Speaker
Sound comparable to a $100 speaker
Plenty of sound for indoor use, solid outdoors
Excellent quality and sound
Customer Service is AMAZING!
No need for a Bose - This is perfect!
Excellent Little Speaker
Nice tight package
Great sound for a office setup
So many things to love - portability, ease of use, good quality.
Pretty good
Great sound. Not as bass-y as I'd like
Small form factor, big sound!
Very satisfied with this purchase
Great value, great sound.
Another great product from an awesome company
Good speaker wish it was a bit louder but the ...
Five Stars
Great Little Power Speaker
I will be buying another
Low quality sound for the price
Small but packs a punch!
The battery on this thing is amazing. I love this product
Get what you pay for.
Good value
This is an awesome little product
4/4 knock on my door
Buen dispositivo para Android
This thing just arrived. It sounds great!!
WE OWN TWO!! Buy it
buy it
Didn’t like the sound quality.
Great every day product
The best you can get at a cheap price!!!
Awesome speaker for the Price!.... Loud easy to pair and long battery life!
and it's a great speaker, really fine sound and good bass response ...
Seniors can hear again
Five Stars
Five Stars
i am happy with the product
Well worth the money!
Good buy!
This is a great Bluetooth speaker to use around the house or when ...
Nice sound, really small size
its a pretty powerful little speaker
Another strong Anker product
best Bluetooth speaker
Poor quality.
amazing sound quality
Almost a five star, just needs a little more base
Small Size, Big Sound
Big Quality in Small Device with Outstanding Battery Life and HDR
I am extremely pleased with the sound quality and the playtime on this ...
Solid Speaker
Good soundbox. Buttons needs redesign.
Decent Bluetooth
Love this thing
Great sound
INCREDIBLE BATTERY Life
Best Small Bluetooth Speaker Hands Down and I have tested them all
anker blue tooth speaker
Wonderful.....
Great product & service
Good value for money, Good sound.
Nice product! I haven't had a chance to use ...
Best thing in the world that you can buy for $35
It's almost as good as the $99 bluetooth speaker I already have but ...
Better than expected
Great little speaker!
Had great reviews but disappointed in the sound quality
Batter life nowhere close to item description
Good customer service.
Great sound quality
Highly recommended
Two Stars
Stopped working, real dissapointment
and sounds way better. I'm still testing the battery life
Very impressive Volume and sound quality for such a small speaker.
It's fine
Great for us!
Sounds fantastic and I rarely need to charge it
Five Stars
Good quality
Three Stars
Great for work
Great
Easy to use product from a company that stands behind their products.
Amazing sound for the price.
Great Speaker
Very happy with my speaker.
A fantastic bluetooth speaker, incredible fidelity with slightly lacking bass.
Excellent speaker
I continue to be impressed with Anker products
but excellent sound quality for the price
Work great every time!!
Two Stars
Five Stars
I never have any problems syncing my phone with this ...
Decent but O.K.
works great good sound
I love itn
very great battery but thats gained by the weak speaker its ...
... sort through and I'm sure alot of them are great. My experience with the this one so far ...
Great battery and sound
Speaker
Love it
Quality speaker for the price
Above and beyond!
Sounds Wonderful
works great, holds a charge FOREVER
Quality Bluetooth speaker well worth the price.
The sound!
We bought 2 - I highly recommend!
Must have
Anker Makes Outstanding Bluetooth Speakers
Miraculous sound from a tiny champion.
Highly recommended!
Love!
Great speaker
Very neat little speaker
Five Stars
I expected more.....but it's ok!!!
Can't beat the quality for this price
For the money this is the best deal out there
Bluetooth speaker
Seriously can't recommend this product
This is an amazing speaker for the price
I would have given this product 5 stars, but ...
Love this little blast of musical power
didn't work for me
Great sound for the price.
Best boom for your buck
I hope she liked it.
Good decision! I promise
Great sound. Easy to connect to computer of phone
Good purchase
Amazing little speaker at an affordable price
A+
Perfect, highly recommend!
Perfect gift
Great sound, fits perfectly under my Acer R240HY bidx ...
Great sound, and really holds a charge!
Loving my new little speaker!
My fav speaker
Don't waste your money, Buy a Sony XB-30 instead
Must have Bluetooth Speaker
Pretty good for the price.
This small device sounds surprisingly good. So easy to carry to all places and ...
One Star
A good value
Pretty Good
13 yr old loves it.
Great speaker
Anker = Quality
Five Stars
good quality
One Star
A great speaker!
Would totally buy this again
Not for use at work
Outstanding Speaker
Great buy for the money!
Best battery life I've seen!
BIG SOUND from a small package!
Great sound from small speaker
Great product
Great For The Beach
Good buy
Great buy
Nice sound in a small speaker
Great sound for price.
The best 30 dollars ive spent for me
I'd recommend.
Would Recommend
Three Stars
I am assuming it still produces great sound quality
Great Anker Quality applied to sound
Great sound and volume for the size and price.
Will recommend!
Surprising Good Sound!!!
Perfect size
New version is better
Sound projects well in large room
Battery Life is Incredible!
sucks because I heard this was the best brand for ...
Anker: Slow Customer Support
Defective
Pretty awesome
Great portable bluetooth speaker!
Great for the price
Great sound!
Long lasting battery. Perfect for Small Speaker
Love ANKER products
Very easy to pair and use
Wonderful sound and easy to use!
Love it!
Don't doubt the underdog!
Amazing speaker for amazing price!
That's what I would consider excellent customer service
Nice
Impressive product with excellent sound quality
Sound
Defective product - Dead on arrival :(  :(
Good
This is the best Bluetooth speaker I've ever owned and worth every penny
Quality
The sound quality is very high. It’s lightweight and ...
Doesn’t like to connect....
Awesome battery life!
Super easy set-up.
nice item
It's not going to replace the Bose Mini but it's good. This is not a base heavy sound but ...
Anker soundcore speaker
aux line doesnt work at all. Paired to my ...
Could be better.
Great sound small package
Not worth the money...
Great Quality Speaker for phone, ipad, ipad mini, tablet or other device
It was easy to pair up on any source devices I had
REGARDING THE ANKER SOUNDCORE BLUETOOTH SPEAKER - Great sound and is pretty loud (if you want it ...
It never dies
Excellent Product
I have to twist and adjust the aux cord for best performance. Good thing is the battery last a ...
Unbeatable quality for the price
loud noise from maxed volume
Great speaker!
Five Stars
Great product!
Five Stars
Great product. Don't have to charge it often
Four Stars
Just get it, battier lasts a very long time and the sound is great.
Good value.
Sounds fine but it’s not listening.
Great sound and easy to connect
Sound is not great..
Great Bluetooth Speaker to use with the Echo Dot!
Great little Bluetooth speaker
This speaker has incredible sound!
... was lookin for a little more bass but sounds good for it's
Worth every penny
Stop Working After A Couple Months
Great little speaker
Amazing speaker
Get It While It Hot 🤗
It was good when it was working
great sound
Really like it so far
GREAT!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
All other bluetooth speakers are terrible
We are quite pleased with this unit and would recommend this product
Easy to use.
This little speaker has great sound quality and was easy to sync to my ...
Awesome
Love it
Great buy!
Superb sound quality for the price
Great little speaker.
Great product
Ehh
Very respectable
A small speaker you should highly consider
Great speaker and great Customer Service.
Great Speaker for the price.
Sounds great
Excellent value/performance
The best Bluetooth speaker I've seen for the price
Small, loud and great for the boat.
Anker Soundcore
On my first replacement Anker and charging is still an issue
great value, although the user manual leaves a lot ...
SUPER SPEAKER
Long lasting.
Good sound quality and battery life
Favorite
Three Stars
Great sound, nice price
love this speaker,  better than JBL
They only disappointment was it didn’t have a charging brick no a big deal the cord will slide into any android brick
Arrived Quickly and Sounds Great
Did the job!
Really nice USB type speaker!
Outstanding customer service...
Awesome Bluetooth Speaker
Yes!!! Buy This Speaker!!
Awesome little speaker great product
Wooooow
Now What?
Affordable yet powerful
Stopped turning on/charging
Pretty good deal
Loud for a small speaker. Charged one time so far still playing die hard battery.
Very good speaker
Awesome Speaker!
I am very pleased with my Bluetooth banker speaker
Great product
The reviews are right.
Well worth price
Worth the cost
Buy this speaker
It's ok
and found it very good. After a few days I had some problems ...
Cheap and great!!!
good for the money
Its a great speaker for this price
I am very happy with the product
Good Speaker, Not Super Loud
Good quality
Great sound at a great price!
anchors portable speaker is a great speaker to have
Easily paired with multiple devices
Highly satisfied customer
Good sound, Great customer service
Great Speaker
Great sound and perfect run time
The audio quality is good no distortion
The sound is amazing, haven't had a problem with distortion and the ...
Great speaker all around.
This speaker works great and puts out great sound
Five Stars
Excellent for the size
Great speaker!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Speaker!
Great sound
Quality
This is such a amazing Bluetooth Speaker
Decent sound for it's size.
Another great Anker product
Impeccable sound for the price
Fantastic sound and mobility
Great Little Speaker!
Jaw dropping sound.
Sounds GREAT
Five Stars
Almost Perfect
One Star
One Star
a nice, inexpensive option for listening to music
Quality of sound is not the best
Great speaker!
Best small bluetooth speaker I have owned
Four Stars
Alexa is much better, does more
Great Sound, For a Long Time
Five Stars
Surprising Speaker
Five Stars
Good small bluetooth speaker
Three Stars
Great product
Very nice speaker.
Should of bought something else
Five Stars
I have really loved this speaker
Awesome speaker!
Great product, awesome sound and battery seems to last ...
Great sound.
Great little 🔈 speaker 🔊
Excellent sound and quality for the price
Great battery life.
Great value for price, with a minor defect
Worked great...until it completely died
Three Stars
Great value speaker!
Great sound
Good stereo
Works great! Sounds better than my mini jambox
Awesome sounding bluetooth speaker!
Reliable and Great Bargain
Overall good speaker
Five Stars
good speaker!
Great Speaker!
I love this speaker
Great speaker for the money
Live it
has great sound quality
Stop looking at other portable speakers and just buy this one.
Thumbs up
Terrific
Average sound at best. Muddy in the mids
the sound is great and plays pretty loud
Great speaker. Great sound
Great sounds, I love it.
Best buy on the market! Hands down
Great product. Sounds good and each battery charge plays ...
its about the best you can do for this price point
Very nice compact remote speaker
Great product and warranty
Of all the speakers I've bought for my son, ...
Awesome portable bluetooth speakers
Really good sound in a tiny package.
Five Stars
Great little speaker
Great speaker
Good speaker - great price
Sounds great. Lasts a long time
It performs great for its
Could have been great, but great customer service
Great buy!
Look Elsewhere
Long lasting & Clear BT Speaker
It sounds really nice and loud
Easy to link Bluetooth
This speaker was recommended by my brother
Five Stars
Decent speaker, dumb visual design
Good Value
Five Stars
This speaker works great. Use it in vehicle while travelling
Excellent Bluetooth speaker.
For a small speaker this little thing has great sound and excellent bass
It's an Anker.
Works well and sounds nice
Four Stars
Five Stars
I’ve had the anker souncore for about 3 weeks and it’s been amazing. The bass isn’t as powerful as higher end ...
Gift
A great bang for the buck!
Amazingly small, but Amazingly BIG sound.
Kind of amazing how much sound this tiny little speaker puts out
Best Bluetooth Speaker we own.
Good for 24 hours
Great sound and quality for the price
Awesome sound!
The sound is great and it is very easy to connect any bluetooth ...
Best speaker ever with great sound
Anker is legit
Blown Away by the Quality in Both Sound and Build
Great Buy
Five Stars
Truly amazing small but strong
Five Stars
Great speaker
Stellar product
Anker makes good products, the fact that it was by Anker ...
Loud and great battery life
Four Stars
BEST ever!!!
LOVE IT
Small but powerful!
Love it
I am very satisfied, excellent cost-benefit
Absolutely no complaints
it has great battery life and it sounds wonderful
Great purchase!
Excellent speaker, good sound (especially considering the price
Sound quality is pretty good, though it doesn't get very loud
Great sound for size
Great value, great quality!
Small speaker, small price, excellent sound.
Best bang for the buck!
Five Stars
I like that it's very clear
Great sound for the money!
Great product!
Nice
Nice, clean
Great battery life.
a good buy
Five Stars
Five Stars
Anker
Excellent sound quality
Does this look right?
Fantastic little speaker
Better Than SoundBot
so worth it
Overall great product
Great little speaker
Five Stars
Best budget speaker I have
Good value
I LOVE this speaker
Easy syncing with my iPhone
cheap speaker but it works
Doesn't last!
Great sound
GREAT PRICE AMAZING SPEAKER
Amazing speaker for the price.
Great buy.
Darned good lil speaker
Nice sound perfect amount of bass
Great Speaker, Great Customer Service!
Great speaker!
Love it!!
this prouduct look like of good quality but doesn't conect automatically on any ...
Awesome Value
Doesn’t charge.
This provides great value, use on my business trips mainly for ...
Surprising little speakers
Did not connect to Bluetooth easily. Finally threw it away and bought a more ...
Five Stars
Highly Recommended!
Great speaker at a great price
Great speaker
Great value for the price
Fire emojis
Five Stars
Great
Always impressed by anker
Amazing.
Great speaker
Very satisfied with my Anker.
I know you guys don't know the lay out of ...
I really liked the Bose Version but at the time it was ...
Great for the price.
Great!
but overall the battery life is great and at a moderate volume it has been working ...
No sound
Cool item
Good quality product
This speaker was more than I expected. I bought ...
Solid speak, good price
Five Stars
Performs extremely well
Great Bluetooth Speaker!
Frequently loses Bluetooth connection
Five Stars
Great product for its class
Great little bluetooth speaker
Quality Speakers
Worth every penny just wish it had a skip button
Battery lasts forever.
The battery life on this speaker is phenomenal. I ...
Awesome Sound!
Great unit!
For the money, it's a bang.
Five Stars
Four Stars
The most stupid speaker
We are very happy with it
... this today paired it up and oh my goodness Love it the sound is fantastic excellent price excellent sound ...
Great sound!
Unbelievable value
quality speaker
Big sound for a small price
Amazing battery life!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Anker Bluetooth Speaker
Five Stars
paired with phone or tablet, you've got tunes/podcasts wherever
Flawless
Five Stars
but I LOVE my new speaker
Five Stars
Breaks easily
Love this speaker - definitely worth the price
Great product
Great Portable Speaker
Bluetooth speaker
Hefty Feel
Five Stars
So good for the price
Thumbs up
so good (only 4 stars for now
Excellent BT speaker and very reasonably priced.
Great Sound... Disappointing Product.
Five Stars
nice
Great Sound quality
Best for the price!
im satisfied
I like the long playing time between charging
Great sound too
Five Stars
I love this product
sleek and good looking design
Big sound, great value!
Good quality and great sound.
That she likes the sound and takes it on vacations when we hit the beach!
Five Stars
Travels well, I take it everwhere with me.
Works great.
Hard to see controls
Good speaker for the price
Good value if buying during a gold box deal
Cant be beat for the price.
Good deal when on sale
Not bad for a cheap speaker
Five Stars
Covered all the bases for me
we both like to listen to music while showering
much better option.
Works great!
Would recommend.
Four Stars
Excellent
Excellent Sound But The Play/Pause Button Does Not Always Work
Five Stars
Love this speaker!
Small and simple but the sounds is pretty great. I use it for several hours a ...
Five Stars
Excellent Bluetooth speaker
Worth it
great value
Five Stars
Five Stars
All around great product
Nice
Charger not included?
Neat
Fantastic product at great price!
LOVE!
Anker SoundCore Bluetooth...
Five Stars
Great sound. I use it to listen to podcasts ...
Great Purchase
Good sound quality
It might get loud
Five Stars
Four Stars
I really like the portability of the blue tooth speaker
the sound, for the price, worth it
Great speaker.
This little thing is exactly what I wanted.
I use the speaker everyday for two months and I ...
Anker rocks!
Great Buy!
Great buy
Great!
Five Stars
Just great! No complains...
Great!
Am very happy with this purchase
You won't regret it.
Love it!
ANNOYING LOUD BEEP NON-STOP
... but for the price it's turned out to be great for my indoor use
Amazing battery life!
I switched from my laptop speakers for the bass which they provide in good if not exceptional quality
I love this product
Decent sound for the size. Easy to use. Use it a lot since it's so convenient.
Great sound
Great Speaker
Good little speaker
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great Speaker
Wonderful
Lasted 40 days
Small but mighty!
Good speaker!
Lovin it!
So far, so good
I COULD ONLY GET 40 FEET RANGE FROM IT
Great sound,  plenty of volume. Awesome speaker!
Five Stars
Good customer service
Great purchase, go ahead and make it.
Look No Further
Very impressed with this product. Clean sound with surprising ...
Good sound
Great product
Excellent sound for an amazing price.
Works great
Did not last up to a year!
super easy set up
dañado
Five Stars
Good value for money
La recomiendo
Awesome!
Bad bluetooth signal
I use this everyday in my workshop and it’s incredible
I love this little speaker
This thing is awesome and well above worth the price
Five Stars
Five Stars
it's small in size but it loud for its size sounds great!!
Great Speaker with Good Sound
I love this speaker
Great battery life
Five Stars
Great little speaker
very pleased with this speaker sound is great no distortion have ...
Quality
Nice product
Five Stars
perfect sound n volume.
Out of the box, this speaker was way smaller ...
Great For the Money
Well i bought this speaker on Saturday I got Monday ...
Great product
Just what i needed
Solid, Get One! :)
Anker
Good buy
Awesome speaker
It's just OK.
Great sound and quality
Five Stars
This is Rad.
Four Stars
Flawless
Great sound for the money!
Great product sounds very clear and loud
No brainer
Great product at a great price
great speaker
Great sound but cannot see the controls
It's ok but there are way better ones
Recommend it
Great Speaker
Five Stars
For the price this is an awesome speaker. It rivals the $200
It has a great sound for its tiny size
Five Stars
Fun portable speaker
One Star
Food sound for the price.
Sounds great for the size
A lot of big sound from a small speaker
Excellent purchase
It's nice and small with a clean matte finish design
This thing is awesome
Love it! Highly recommend.
Exactly as I'd hoped.
Five Stars
great looking product
WOW!
Five Stars
Good value
A little power house!!
Watch out for bad AUX ports.
Distorted/muffled sound
Girlfriend loved it !
Five Stars
Sound is very good, more than I expected
Connected easily to phone and good sound
and I'm so glad I got it
Five Stars
One Star
Doesn't sound the greatest. A bit tin-can ish
Five Stars
Recommend
Great little speaker
Would buy again
Speaker
Five Stars
Way louder than I expected it to be which is a nice bonus.
Five Stars
Little speaker with a big sound.
Ok speaker
Better than others.
Bought to permanently be connected to a small TV in place of its terrible speakers. Volume fills a large kitchen and is ...
Price wise...can’t be beat.
Five Stars
Good Bluetooth Speaker
Five Stars
One Star
Four Stars
Exceeded my expectations
Need to keep on when it needs charging
Five Stars
You Will Be Pleased
amazing
Great product
I looked forever to find one just like it, but no luck
For the price, this is a great speaker.
Sound is amazing!
Not up to my expectations
Great speaker for the time being
Truly amazing. It's loud
Great Speaker
Not too bad, and very easy to use
Great Sound, Nice Design
Buy it!
Small speaker, big sound. 10/10 neighbors agree!
Good item
Great product, easy to use
Five Stars
Sounds great but Micro USB port defective womp womp
Sonido
Sound quality issue
Quality, great sound and battery life.
AWESOME
Four Stars
Kinda crappy. Difficult (sometimes impossible) to pair
Great Affordable Bluetooth speaker! Fantastic battery life!
It's EVERYTHING and MORE than expected
Sweet Bluetooth speaker at great price
One Star
A+ Customer Service!
Four Stars
Great sound
Awesome deal
Insane Battery Life
AnkerSoundCore is the BEST!!!!
Would recommend.
Five Stars
Problem quickly solved
It worked great for a couple months and then for no reason, does not work and will not charge.
good quality
Great
High quality sound
It packs well and sounds good.
I love it, but wished the directions were bigger and ...
Better than other brands
Insane battery
Great
But still amazing for the money
Five Stars
Awesome speaker!
Outstanding!
Great battery life.
Four Stars
Do yourself a favour!
Great little speaker!
Outstanding Bluetooth speaker
Really good customer support
INCREDIBLE BATTERY LIFE
has good sound.
Very pleased
Great sound
It's nice in an older truck without a stereo
Good Speaker
Great Sound in a Tiny Package
Good overall BT Speaker and impressive handsfree unit.
I wish it were louder.
Great sound and $. Excellent follow up from Anker!
Great speaker for me
The charging port goes bad in less than two years.
Outstanding quality
Great speaker
I love it
Great Bluetooth range... for the right phone
Five Stars
long battery life, great sound from small speaker
Best for the money
CHAERGING PORT WEARS OUT VERY FAST
Anker gets an A
I'm impressed.
Loud and inexpensive
Great sounding speaker
Love it
Works great! Used it outside at a birthday party and ...
I love it!
Great sound, easy pairing
Easy Bluetooth connectivity, good sound, poor bass.
Five Stars
A Most have in a noise shop
but I'm not listening to anything like a symphony or opera either
Don’t know how I did without it
For the money, a great unit.
Disappointed. (EDITED review: Awesome speaker- highly recommended!)
this is an awesome speaker! 24 hour battery life is awesome
Great small speaker with a big sound.
Five Stars
Best Speaker!!
They made a perfect gift and the girls loved the color
I love this speaker
Great Speaker
The battery life is amazing - as advertised
Great sound and long battery life
Not as good as I expected
This was my second purchase to use as a speaker ...
Five Stars
Great customer service
Tiny but mighty!
I BOUGHT ONE AND NOW THERE ARE SEVEN IN THE ...
Excellent Speakers, Good Battery Life, Premium quality.
Tough little speaker
Surprisingly loud, love the portability. Only tried it twice so hopefully will hold up!
Five Stars
It is more or less what I expected!
Total score
Satisfied
Four Stars
This speaker is amazing. I have had it for almost 5 months ...
Great sound!
Five Stars
Great little speaker for such a good price
Five Stars
One of the best speakers i ever had
Easy to use, take it anywhere and good sound.
great speaker
Awesome for price and quality
Beautiful speaker
battery life is great! just needs a bit more base
I use every day!!
Five Stars
Great speaker, but i have a Bluetooth problem.
Great
this was a good buy
Never received order. Tracking said it was left at front door but never was.
Pretty okay
Great Sound
Very Loud
the volume
Not a heavy bass speaker!
Perfect portable speaker
Decent little speaker for a decent price.
Great speaker. Unbelievably loud for how compact it is
This speaker is great but it has been 5 months I owned this ...
Sounds great
Wow
Five Stars
Impressive little speaker
Great little speaker!
Anker Rocks!!
Good speaker
Great bang for the buck!
Great sound
Very Good Speaker\Mic, we use it on many conference calls ...
Anker: reliable quality, as always
Amazing value!
Was disappointed.
Nice cheap
Five Stars
Sound was good, but it beeped loudly over the music every ...
Cord issues....
Loved it.
Awesome!
Five Stars
Connection Issues
Using it daily
Like a Bose Soundlink but much cheaper
Awesome little speaker
Great sound quality for its size
Poor sound. Bought it looking for a well reviewed ...
love it
Five Stars
Love this product.
Five Stars
GOOD Sound
Five Stars
Best wireless speaker
The battery really lasts
Get a cheap inline amp too
Lots of sound for little money!
They sound great for the price
great speaker, nice sound and light weight
Five Stars
Great speaker with one fault.
Anger Bluetooth speaker
very good quality
Five Stars
Like
good price
Love this speaker
Five Stars
Big sound  - small footprint
Great sound & quality for the price
Five Stars
Great Value
Great speaker
Great Speaker I love the Sound Quality
Great gift, Great sound
So good
This item WILL NOT let you down! Best Purchase ever for a GREAT PRICE!
Five Stars
Amazing speaker at amazing price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Awesome as always
Great Speaker for the Price!
Sounds good for the size and price
I absolutely love the sound of this portable speaker
Disappointed
the instructions were like coded mumblejumble
Great product
Bluetooth Speaker
Five Stars
Better than anything else I've heard under $100
Easy to set up and use
Great speaker, great buy
Great little speaker
Worth every penny
Love it!
Exceeded My expectations
but connects easily.
Good bang for the bucks
Buy this speaker!  You won't regret it!
Four Stars
Nice speaker
Great little speaker for the price
Great sound in a little package
Great product
User-friendly and great sound quality!
Great sound!
Five Stars
Meh
Five Stars
Excellent sound!
... re-pair it with my laptop or ipad but works like a gem and drowns out my neighbors =)
Anker SunCore speaker
Could be better.
Quit working after less than 4 months
I have recommended this to a bunch of my friends
Fantastic!
Best speaker ever
Good for near-field listening
Battery lasts forever.
easy to control
Great portability. Hold a long charge with this unit
Anker Speakers are great
2nd purchase
Great product
Good Speaker
5 stars value!
Four Stars
Five Stars
The speaker worked fine, sound was good - UPDATED
Really beautiful build quality and great battery life
Quality product.
Five Stars
Fantastic sound
do not buy this speaker
It works great
Five Stars
Great speaker and great price!
In a word...Wow!
Easy to use
Great sound and design yet after a few weeks it ...
( it worked great while it
Perfect
This is the best Bluetooth speaker I’ve ever bought
Best bang for buck!
Anker, you did it again!
better than a beats pill. that’s how good it is
amazing quality for the price and size
Good, sturdy, and great sound
It's Red! - Can't lose it.
Four Stars
Nice little speaker.
Five Stars
Big Sound, Small Speaker
Good sound
I'm very disappointed when I got it worked for like five minutes ...
Five Stars
Great!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Amazing quality, affordable price!
very good deal
Anker bleutooth
Awesome
Great little speaker especially for the price
Great sound
Mine sounds very good. Controls work good
Great Speaker
Great purchase, I bought it twice!
Great Speaker
Five Stars
This speaker has the best sound quality for the price
great product i have bought this product for me and ...
AMAZING!!!!
Great speaker from Anker!
Excelent!!!
Nice sound
Nothing special..
Battery never dies!
both teen boys wanted this and love it!
Five Stars
Cheap and Awesome
Five Stars
Great sound and reception from 40ft away!
Just buy it you won’t B sorry
AMAZING Sound
I'll say it again!
Sound good.
Good buy
Four Stars
We really like this product
This little speaker sounds great. Almost as good as the wife's Bose
Well made.
Five Stars
it sounded great but quit working after 3 days
Five Stars
Great
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
With more
Considered by some online to be the best speaker under $50
... for almost a year now and everything is still great nothing wrong with it at all
great products - can't go wrong with Anker
Five Stars
I'm disappointed
Works with my DOT
Sound, simple, portable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good sound quality
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great speaker - does exactly what you'd think it will do
Perfect Bluetooth speaker
great sound for the price!
My eight year old son wrote this
Easy to operate
Need higher volume
Great
This is the best $30 I ever spent
Overall very happy with device
Four Stars
I really want to love this speaker, but I can't.
I like the size of the speaker very convenient to put ...
Great little speaker
no skip track button; but good value and cust service!
Great
Powerful sound quality
Four Stars
Good stuff
Was okay while it lasted.
Works pretty good - cant beat it for the price
Sounds very good for its size
Sound quality is great but the best thing about this wireless speaker is ...
Four Stars
Sounds good and feels like it’s well built
Good sound but lacks any punch in the bass department
Sounds great
Great quality
Five Stars
good
Five Stars
super. love this
Five Stars
Not reliable
Great Little Speaker
Great product
Five Stars
Audio is great for a
Not as good a speaker as the Jambox
I love it.
Have bought 3 of these
Excellent and compact sound
Great speaker just got it a few days
Good sound...Great buy
easy to use and excellent sound
IT'S ONLY ROCK N ROLL !!
Exactly What I Was Looking For - Small Size, Good Sound, Long Battery Life, Strong Build Quality, Affordable
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The battery life is amazing
Great sound at a great pru
Powerful little speaker
Nice sound from this little tuing
Great sound for a little box and long run time.
Sounds very good works good I bought it for my wife for ...
Worth every penny
Worth the money
It has a nice crisp sound and I can place it anywhere in ...
Great Speaker, it gets the job done
Amazing product
Five Stars
Great little affordable Bluetooth Speaker
item shipped quick and the sound is incredible I like it better then my old beats pill at 1/4 ...
Built well but lacks volume power and anything to carry it in
It's even better than I had hoped for
Needs to be louder
Long Battery Life
Just what I wanted!!!!!
Awesome!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Its good for the price
Very Pleased with purchase.
Great speaker for the price.
Loud and easy to use
Four Stars
Be wise cross check before purchase
... research on Bluetooth speakers because I have had such bad luck with the majority of them
Quality
and I love it! I feel like it really does stay ...
Great speaker
Small, a tad heavy, but what a great sound!
This speaker sounds great. The only issue with it is it loses ...
Awesome
Need Help Re-Pairing
Extremely satisfied.
I spect better quality of the sound
Weak USB charging connector
Oh my yes
Seems to be of good quality. Has a great sound and is user ...
Pretty Good!
Excellent
Five Stars
The speaker has been a great disappointment. I understand it is a very inexpensive ...
Good speaker for basic needs
This is a great little speaker
Pretty good speaker for the price and size
Works well. Have been using one for several years ...
Good buy
Quality Anker product
Great little speaker!
Almost perfect
Nice and loud
Small speaker - BIG sound - AMAZING
Great sound!
Five Stars
Ive had one problem overall with it but other than that it sounds great, it had a super long lasting battery and ...
Most untriumphant
Four Stars
Great speaker for the price
Worth it, ANKER is the best
I love these speakers
Five Stars
Nice little speaker
Priced right.
Perfect for my use
Fantastic, well priced and indestructible
Five Stars
Real nice.
Great quality and sound!
One Star
Incredible Speaker - Definite Buy
until i was recommended to this
The price was right!!!
Small and powerful
Awesome sound!!!
Five Stars
Great product and even better price
Product works great in a small to medium sized room
Five Stars
Good sound quality and the battery lasts forever
Five Stars
A good value
Good sound, works great!
Little but loud.
Excellent for the price
Walking DJ
Five Stars
Awesome
Great speaker!
Five Stars
The quality is exccellent and the sound is above average for small speakers.
Astounding
Very clear
Five Stars
Not connecting, not charging
Love the color and that's about it
Four Stars
I'm lovin it!
Great
a great little speaker
AMAZING!!! HIGH QUALITY SPEAKER!!!
I can't compare but it's good for what I use it for...
Great little speaker
Sound quality is excellent, Bluetooth connection easy
Good speaker. The weight holds it in place better ...
Good product.
Fair
Five Stars
Perfect for work.
great little speakers for a house
Five Stars
No problems
Dandy!
Three Stars
I like the size and color but I thought the sound ...
easy to use
I have never been so happy with amazons products
Excellent speaker
Very Happy
Sounds AWESOME!!!!!
Worth every single penny. Stop reading and buy it!
Anker speaker
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great sound for a great price
Great speaker
Great
Good.
Packs a lot of sound!
Awesome
Five Stars
I recommend this product
Quality sound with a great price
The best.
Great sounding, great build quality
Worth every penny.
Happy with it considering the price point
Faulty Charging Port
Great deal!
A good deal
Good balance sound
Five Stars
poor quality
Great speaker
Party Time
Another great Anker product the sound is great and the life ...
Great sound for the price!
Big sound from a little speaker.
Five Stars
Volume not as high as expected, but decent speaker.
Five Stars
Long battery life and great sound for price
Worth the price.
GOOD PRODUCT, GOOD COMPANY!
Five Stars
Awesome little speaker
happy camper here
Great speaker at any price
good connectivity, and quite portable for the price
Battery 🔋 is as good as described.
It has excellent sound quality and is well made
Charging port
Five Stars
Anker speakers are Awesome!
Love it, ment to order black but awesome
Crazy Good
Good size. Anker makes good stuff.
Great little bluetooth speaker
Amazing sound, long battery life
A+
Big sound in a small package
Good product
Very Good
I use this everyday with my tv
Best
Small & Mighty
not enough louder or better. PROS
Was skeptical, but am very pleased with this speaker.
love it.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great sound..
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great quality
Good sound
Great speakers
Nice buy
Connection problem
Five Stars
Highly recommended I plan on buying another one or maybe upgrading to bedroom
Sound
Love it....perfect sound for a room.Battery duration its the best.
Great little speaker
I feel the bass isn't good. Other than that I really like it
Awesome
Quality product
This one doesn't have that much bass but it does last like it says
Sounds awesome
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love this
Five Stars
Very well built
Four Stars
Great for distance
great speaker
Great sound from a little speaker!
Five Stars
Four Stars
The quality of the sound is awesome. However
Great sound, light and compact to take anywhere
Small Extra Speaker for small TV works great
A Cute Little Thing Bout Fickle
Am very pleased with the Anker product and the people at Anker ...
Best speaker I have owned!!!
Five Stars
Nice design and good sound, including speakerphone -- EDIT 4/26/17
Love it!
Great sound!
Five Stars
Anker soundcore bluetooth speaker
Won’t connevt to bluetooth devices.
Great little Bluetooth Speaker
Niece loves it
Bluetooth portable speaker
Five Stars
Amazing speaker
Product works great and is a good value.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Incredibly easy pairing.
Excellent battery life and performance.
Kinda disappointed. The Sound Core 2 came out right after ...
Five Stars
Good quality sound!
Five Stars
Five Stars
great sound, charge lasts
Good deal
It was so easy to set up
Four Stars
Great for the price
Five Stars
Anker soundcard Bluetooth speaker  24hr
Excellent sound quality!
Great gift!
It's awesome
Greatly improved over older bluetooth speakers
This is the one you want.
Best speaker i could ever get for the price
Five Stars
Great sound quality
Five Stars
Difficult to Pair
Anker is simply the best
A Speaker With Great Audio At a Damn Good Price
Buy it, you'll like it
Excellent sound and pairs easily.
Great speaker
Convenient
Bargain
Five Stars
Sounds good.
Five Stars
Good Value/Good Sound
and easy to use
Boom Box
High Quality! Great value!
Awesome
I bought this for a travel trailer it is more ...
Great & Handy Speaker
Five Stars
Anker Soundcore
Happy with this product 98%
Great sound, long battery life - definitely worth it.
Good buy
Anker = Awesome
Four Stars
Very unhappy with product. Constantly cuts out even after ...
So far so good, no complaints on this speaker
One Star
Ideal
Battery life is great!
It also pairs really easily with a Bluetooth device
Five Stars
Worht it
Amazing sound quality
Great Speaker!!!
Great sound
Volume
Very well made speaker.
excellent lightning deal buy
Great battery life and easy to transport
Small speaker witg lunch
Sounds better than expected.
sounds great on the echo dot
Hsppy with purchase
small
ANKER SoundCore Speaker a great addition.
Five Stars
Sound is great, although the bass is really low
Excellent speaker for the price.
Pleasantly surprised by everything about this speaker
Its okay
Great speaker 👍
Nice speaker
It sounds great for the price
Good deal
Five Stars
Good for background music.
raspy sound
Good value.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great
Second purchase
Love this.
very good sound from a unit this size and the battery ...
Great speaker!
Awesome
Great sound in a little package.
Sound is clear and my students love it: )
Amazing On-The-Go Speaker
Sounds great and battery last all day long
Five Stars
Four Stars
Okay not recommended, but I accidentally left this out in the ...
Good battery life
Excellent Product
Five Stars
Anker SoundCore Bluetooth Speaker
Five Stars
Nice sound
Lacks good bass response.
Initially Five Stars, Now One.
great on golf cart and poolside.
It was a great present but my anker stopped working after 2 weeks
Great speaker
Great speaker! the sounds is just awesome
Good speaker for the price dont have prime so shipping is crazy
Great Battery Life!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Wow
No surprises, met my expectations.
Awesome Speaker the Price
Better quality than beats at a quarter of the price
Five Stars
It's A Major GO!!
Very nice little speaker that has transformed my workouts by allowing ...
Good product for money
It is what the description says it is!
Awesome little speaker
Anker replaced the broken one quick.
Love it
High quality
awesome sound, works great you can be as far ...
Very pleased with this speaker
Great speaker but concerned with the company
Great product
Pretty good for a little speaker.
Incredible battery life, good sound
some teething problems, but it's a good speaker
Five Stars
Happy Buyer
Four Stars
Great product and customer service
Love this!
Five Stars
great sound and problem
Five Stars
Amazing!
Great customer service
Five Stars
GREAT Sound for the compact size!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great sound quality!
... worked without a problem and sound quality has been great. I have used several times over the past ...
Listen and Enjoy!
Five Stars
Totally recommend
this is a very nice speaker. Connect via bluetooth seamlessly
Five Stars
Thumbs up!
Excellent product. Only weak point is a lack of ...
This rocks!
Great Value!
Excellent product
It works
Five Stars
Not worth blue tooth aggravation
Great speaker for casual or PC
Great Value
Five Stars
Good little speaker
Works Great!
Four Stars
Great sounding speaker!
Three Stars
a great speaker from a great company
Bluetooth glitch
Satisfied about the quality of the sound
Works good on the job
Nice speaker
It's reliable and just WORKS!
Buy this speaker
Very happy
Very satisfied with the product and especially the customer support at ...
Great customer survice
Really great!
Great product and great customer service
Alien physics?  How does it get so loud and clear when its that small?
Great Product for the Money
Great!
Great product
Awesome battery life
Size
Amazing sound quality and portability
A great speaker for an unbeatable price
Bad sound
24hr battery life was cool but maybe they should have focused on a little ...
Great little speaker
Loud
Five Stars
Good choice!
Excellent Investment
Amazing amazing amazing
Great Speaker for a great price
It's small and loud
Great bluetooth speaker.
Long batt life
Great sound for under $40
Durable long lasting battery and sounds great!
You get slightly more than what you pay for with this speaker with my biggest complaint being the pretty bad bass and biggest like being the volume
Five Stars
Great buy!
Nice sound and size and color
Yea buddy
I really love this speaker
I didn’t excepted
Five Stars
Anker Delivers!
Small but powerful
No need for a pricey sound bar when you have this
Good purchase.
WIN WIN
Love it
Bluetooth connected to my phone for a day and it ...
Perfect speaker for my office and at home
Good sound quality
Big Beautiful Sound
Five Stars
Simply the best
Great
Charging issue
Perfect speaker.
Four Stars
nice
This product is great
SoundCore plus Dot beats Sonos
Did not last long
Anker Bluetooth Speaker
Great
Best Bluetooth speaker ever
Five Stars
Outstanding,  you won't be let down by this
Surprised
Awesome speaker!
Exactly as described. Love it!
Sound is great. But really have to play with buttons to ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Thanks Anker
Works well
Exceeded my Expectations
Five Stars
Just what I wanted.
Happy with this speaker!
Five Stars
good high pitch sound
Love it
love it
Excellent Sound and Value
Great so far
Four Stars
Great little speaker
The sound is excellent -almost Bose quality
This speaker does the job.
It has good battery life
awesome speaker. It will fill a room with sound
Awesome speaker!
portable and very good sound especially for the price
unbelievably Speaker!!!!
Range does good rather than excellent
This is the one. Search no more.
Five Stars
Customer servise was great.
Nice compact speaker
Five Stars
Bluetooth connection is questionable.
Excellent battery life
Excellent Blue Tooth speaker.
Powerhouse
Wonderful sound
Great sound. Super long play time on battery
very pleased.
Great sound great structure!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Eh
Love the ease of use and the ability to move ...
Perhaps not the most amazing in sound quality but definitely above average as others ...
Love how easily portable it is AND the battery surprisingly ...
Five Stars
Nice and Slim
The sound is good for the price
Great Sound range for the price
Amazing speaker
Five Stars
Great sound
Easy to charge and use ,,, great sound ,,, highly recommend!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic Speaker; great price
Five Stars
Doesn't come with a power supply
I love it!
Five Stars
Great speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Sound
Bocinas de alta calidad.
Perfect but-
great
Great value.
Speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
liked it so much I bought one for my daughter
Five Stars
Sounds good, annoying max volume BEEP
Still reserve 1 star to make it 5.....because....
Good customer service and great sound quality
it's range is great, and being able to use an AUX cable ...
Works Great!
Five Stars
Great for the pool!
Four Stars
Budget bluetooth speaker
amazing sound!
This little speaker is awesome! The sound is very ballanced and crisp
Great replacement for aging Jambox
Its very small and lite, very convinient for trveling
Took about two hours for initial charge but works great. Haven’t put it fully loud but sounds good ...
Awesome for the price. Gets good sound. Connects easy. Batteries last a long time
Four Stars
Very pleased with the craftsmanship of the speaker
Great sound at a great price
Five Stars
Five Stars
Anker products rule !
Great Sound Quality!
Sound, durability and price and weight
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome speaker!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Pairs easily
Great product for the price
LOVE THIS MIGHTY LITTLE SPEKER
Just what I needed to be able to listen to ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Little Speaker with Great sound, but charge port dead after 4 months of use.
Amazing Speakers!!! Love them!
Five Stars
This is just perfect. I am carrying it outside and it has ...
Five Stars
great gift
Nice speaker!
A great find.
Pleasantly impressed by the sounds
Best on the market for thr price.
Great sound for small speaker
One of my favorite companies.
Best Bluetooth speaker for the price
Five Stars
Great speaker
Love this
Will definitely recommend for having a few of these in the home
4 stars ill give it
I'll buy this again! Music is amazing!
Great speaker & well build
All ears
Not able to use
It is great!
This speaker rocks!
Five Stars
Battery life is great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Small
Super buy
Five Stars
Synced up quickly and easily. Sounds great
Don't judge by it's size
Large sound in small package
Very happy with this purchase
Great speaker
Awesome Bluetooth speaker
Great
pretty good.. for a cheap speaker.
Portability and sound quality.
Great Speaker
Sounds great
Really good value
High quality sound and bluetooth connection
Five Stars
Good
Five Stars
Five Stars
The echos of Anker Soundcore portable Bluetooth Speaker is pretty good inside my car while I am driving
Great product
Five Stars
sounds great
Rocking on a Budget!
Good quality for a small speaker..
Best $30 I spent on any speaker I ever owned
Love my Anker!
These little speakers have great clear sound and are really easy to set up ...
Three Stars
A must have for anyone looking for a cheap but amazing speaker
Four Stars
Quite nice for the price
Not a good product doesn't last.
Look no further... this is the one you need!!!
Already subscribed ...
Five Stars
I'm very happy with it
Very satisfied
Amazing sound
Great quality for the dollar!!
Ok cheap speaker.
Its nice
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Real good
Love it!
Excellent, excellent speaker
Everything was all good and dandy until I used it for some time
This one is perfect!! I sat outside last night listening to ...
Five Stars
This was for my wife for Christmas. I just ...
high quality speaker with a sleek design. Long battery ...
Five Stars
For once...
Five Stars
Five Stars
mobile sound
amazing and unbelievable
Great for the price
Quality sound
Great Product
A true audio value.
Bluetooth seems to be iffy
Nice little speaker
Five Stars
Great
Five Stars
Satisfied customer! Love my new bluetooth speaker! 😍
Good deal
But I'm so happy with this purchase that I figured what the hey
Five Stars
Great speaker
Four Stars
and great for the price
excellent build quality
Good
Great Speaker I have many and this on is almost ...
Five Stars
Can't read the controls on the top
Excellent Speaker for the money by Anker
Great sound quality!
Great sound!
Nice and compact
size
Beeping too loud, but a great speaker
Great quality for the price
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
happy with purchase
Great sound in such a small speajer
Great sound
Great Value
Five Stars
... and one as a gift and both of us love it! Works great
Over Priced
Great speaker for a great price!
It never worked.
This little speaker has amazing sound, the charge lasts forever and I am ...
Great speaker!!
Bob C
Great speaker extra long battery life great sounding great prize ...
decent sound
Sound endorsement
Five Stars
Excellent!
Money well spent
Great bang for the buck
Decent Speaker for the Money
Great product, great price
Why wont you hold a charge??!
Good speaker
Great buy
quality
Love this speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good sound for a small speaker
The sound is incredible. It was much louder and ...
Good
Good sound quality
WoW...just wow!
Excellent
Get it!
Ankar speaker
Best BT Speaker Under $100 out there (IMO)
This is my second product from ANKER and I really like this speaker
Great product
Gotta Have Wireless Speaker
Great and portable speaker
Nice, sleek, compact speaker
Sounds Very Good.  Price is Right.
get this.
Amazing for the money
Five Stars
Superior speaker
Excellent!
Just right.
Great speaker for the price
Great gift for a teen
The sound quality is great, it's super easy to use
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great service thank yiu
I love this speaker
An amazing value
love it
Great product for a great price....
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great Speaker, keeps charge and great sound
Five Stars
Great choice
Died and refused to charge almost immediately.
Nice lil sound box
Five Stars
Great portable speaker.
Five Stars
Excellent value.
Works great.  Sound is good, deep and rich.  Easy to use.
... have these hooked to my PC and they work great. They may not be the top of the ...
$=Worth
Really great speaker..
Excellent quality. Highly recommend this speaker
Well done Anker.
Graet Speaker
Five Stars
Five Stars
Sounds as good or better as my Bose sound link.
Believe the reviews!
I absolutely love it! The sound is crisp and clear and ...
Great value.
Five Stars
Great product.
Good
Long battery life
I love it!
Five Stars
Nice little speaker for the discounted price I paid
Broken after 3 uses!
Spends the extra10 and get base
Great speaker. Works well with Echo
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Love, love, love
Four Stars
Great speaker, use it all day and never runs ...
Fantastic. It's small
Nice little speaker
Great sound!
Nice sounds. Bass is nice too
Great sound and easy set up Would definitely buy another ...
Great for the Price Point _Easy to set up
great sound.
Great value
Very good sounds, for a low price.
Nice speakers
What can I say, it's an Anker!
Love this speaker
Great for the money!
I love it. plays crystal clear Qaulty sound
sounds good. What more could you want from a
Five Stars
Worth it
Terrific Speaker sound
Wow !
AWESOME!!!
Great Battery Life, Great Functionality.
Almost perfect
Five Stars
I’ve had this speaker for over a year now and ...
Sound is good in this price range
Good BUT
Great quality for the money
Five Stars
What a great little Bluetooth speaker
Great BT Speakers for the price.
Five Stars
Best speaker ever
awsome sound
Five Stars
Battery lasts FOREVER
Connected to my Nexus 6P on first try and played Google play music and Amazon prime music easily
LOVE IT!
Great buy
Great speaker
Great price for an exceptional sound
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Works fine and has been reliable so far
Excellent sound quality
Lives up to brand reputation
Five Stars
Four Stars
Worth every penny so far...
I enjoy this small speaker
AMAZING FOR IT'S PRICE
Anker speaker to buy
Best battery and sound quality
but the highs are nice and crisp
I love this speaker
Three Stars
Five Stars
CHEAP USB CHARGING PORT
Five Stars
Batteries weak
great sound, long battery life
Five Stars
Sounds great, clean crisp, awesome value at this price
Great little speaker!
Great speaker
Absolutely love it! Sound quality is great
Great speaker. It is small but loud enough for ...
