 As a 100 percent disabled Vietnam Veteran, due to Agent Orange exposure, I fully related to Carl Iverson.<br/>For years I couldn't speak about the war, whether because of the shame the American public cast upon our service, or because of my participation in the war itself.<br/>Sprayed and betrayed by our own government, then shunned by the rest of the country, no wonder so many of us went insane or turned to self-medication.<br/>I loved the plot of The Life We Bury, Mr. Eskens' mastery of detail and his mastery of the art of storytelling, I would have given it a 5-star rating, if it weren't for some details, and editing issues that struck me as not quite hitting the mark.<br/>For example, nobody who had ever graduated from Army recruit training would ever refer to it as "Boot Camp". His spelling of the Vietnamese town of Khe Sanh (the site of one of the deadliest and costliest battles of the war) as Que Son, would leave any Vietnam Vet scratching his head, and wondering why. One other glaring example was referring to the M16 as a gun. No military personnel would ever call his weapon a gun. There were some other editing issues that detracted from a great story by a first rate storyteller.<br/>Mr. Eskens, my hat is off to you, for telling a tale, that from my perspective, symbolically exonerates  Vietnam Veterans.<br/>Thanks to you sir, from me and all that deserved better when they came home. May we all come out of the shadows, take our place as proud Americans, and look closely at the life we bury.<br/>Robert Romaniello, Author of Marble Mountain Memoirs.
 The back-jacket summary drew me in and proved (unlike so many novels) to be an honest pitch:  A story about a student writer who, somewhat by chance, locates the subject of his biographical (college class) project at a nearby nursing home.  The biographical subject, a Vietnam War vet who was convicted of rape and murder 30 years earlier, is dying of cancer thereby introducing an added, looming deadline to finish the writing project.  The writer begins with the weary task of documenting the life of a murderer but, through his research, revises his mission to that of uncovering the buried truth of the old murder.<br/>This novel is probably classified as a thriller but I consider it a literary thriller.  There's thrills and spills to make it a page turner but it doesn't over rely on such action.  For me it was the rich character development, character interaction and psychological aspects that make this a great story and read.  My only disappointment (albeit minor) is that the story never reveals if the class project (the biographical paper) was a success with the English professor and whether the student decided to become a journalist or professional writer.  As a reader I was left to draw my own favorable conclusions for these minor questions.<br/>I seek out debut novels as they tend to be more honest than the writing of more "experienced" writers who often seem to be lured off course by fame, fortune and laziness.  This novel is genuine writing and I'm looking forward to this author's future work, hoping to find similar honesty.  I'm recommending and/or gifting copies of this novel to all of my reading friends.
 First Sentence:  I remember being pestered by a sense of dread as I walked to my car that day, pressed down by a wave of foreboding that swirled around my head and broke against the evening in small ripples.<br/><br/>Joe Talbot’s college English course writing assignment to write a brief biography leads him to a local nursing home and Carl Iverson. Carl, dying of cancer, had been released from prison after being convicted of the rape and murder of a neighbor girl. Carl’s only condition is that both parties be honest.  As Joe digs into Carl’s conviction, the more he believes Carl.  He also finds there’s someone who doesn’t want that to happen.<br/><br/>Eskens as a wonderful voice which captures, and holds, one’s attention—“Oddly enough, my high-school guidance counsel never mentioned the word “college” in any of our meetings. …--maybe she knew who my mother was and figured that no one can change the sound of an echo.”  His descriptions make the ordinary come alive—“The archive room had the feel of a tabernacle, with millions of souls packed away on microfilm like the incense in tiny jars, waiting for someone to free their essence to be felt, tasted, inhaled again, if only for a moment.”—as does his strong sense of place—“The triplex apartment building I lived in had an ancient cellar that breathed dankness up through the floorboards, filling the structure with a pungency born of wet dirt mixed with the tang of rotting timber.<br/><br/>Eskens’ characters come to life.  They are fully developed and dimensional. As much as Eskens may tell us, one wants to know much more—“Are you talking about killing or murdering? “Is there a difference?” Mr. Iverson looked out the window as he pondered the question…”Yes,” he said. “There is a difference.  I’ve done both, I’ve killed…and I’ve murdered.” What’s the difference?” “It’s the difference between hoping that the sun rises and hoping that it doesn’t.”<br/><br/>Joe is humanity and the defender.  He is the one who is always there for his autistic brother.  He is the one who doesn’t accept Carl at face value. He is the one willing to ask questions.  He is the one willing to dig into Carl’s case to find the truth.  Lila, Joe’s neighbor, starts out as prosecutor, the common person who sees the label and judges.  It is to Eskens’ credit that her role changes as the story progresses.<br/><br/>There are elements of wisdom—“But we do have control of how much of our soul we leave behind in this mess.”  There is also a metaphorical ticking clock, and actions by Joe which fall into the too-stupid-to-live category, but both elements add tremendous tension.  Unfortunately, there are also a lot of coincidences.  The ending is a bit over the top, but it also makes one smile.<br/><br/>“The Life We Bury” has a lot to recommend it; the author’s voice, interesting characters, and excellent suspense. One will want to read more by this author.<br/><br/>THE LIFE WE BURY (Trad Mys-Joe Talbert-Minnesota-Contemp) – VG+<br/> Eskens, Alan -Standalone<br/> Seventh Street Books, Oct, 2014
 Eskens seems to have a hard time choosing if his character is a kid who barely passed high school, doesn't understand pop culture references like Jackson Pollack and struggles and stumbles all over himself in conversations vs. the narrator that uses artfully crafted metaphors and words like Dikinsian. Eskens should have written this in a 3rd person narrative, but instead chose to have the main character also serve as a 1st person narrator. However when writing the narration parts, Eskens is clearly just trying to demonstrate how good of a writer he is rather than staying true to the character he created. It makes the book basically impossible to read because you can't rationalize how the same character is two completely different people depending on if he's engaged in dialogue or if he's narrating the story. Couldn't get past page 60 because of it. If you are a reader who actually cares about an author staying true to a characters voice, this isn't the book for you.
 Joe Talbot, college student, has his hands full.  His mother is an alcoholic who is probably bipolar and his brother is autistic and being forced to undergo too much change for his vulnerable psyche.  Joe’s got an English assignment in which he must interview a subject and write a biography, including beginning chapters, an outline, and a finale.  He chooses Carl Iverson, a man convicted of raping and murdering a teenage girl, Crystal Hagen.  As his interviews begin, he meets several people who will change the course of his interview into an investigation.  Those people are Lili, a neighbor in his apartment building; Virgil who served with Carl in Vietnam and a former law clerk who was present during the trial of Carl.<br/>The first question to be answered is why Carl pressed for an early and quick trial.  And why is he desiring this “dying declaration” when he’s previously been silent on the whole matter?<br/>It’s almost ironic that Joe is incapable of using some tough love on his own mother who has no problem taking Joe’s last monies to pay her bail rather than get sober while he becomes insistent on following the course of his investigation to its completion for a man who a few weeks ago was a stranger.<br/>Readers will be shocked by the turns in this plot as accounts from Vietnam and a diary, as well as detailed questions completely turn this case around.  The course of this tale puts Joe’s safety into a perilous scene indeed.<br/>Readers need to hold judgment as the beginning of this novel seems to tie up a story into a seamless tale.  The best is yet to come, and Allen Eskens provides an riveting tale that is sure to please readers who love good criminal fiction/thriller novels.  Nicely crafted and highly recommended!
 I bought this book because the synopsis was so interesting.  Unfortunately, it was not remotely accurate.<br/>There is not one character in this book who behaves in a realistic manner.<br/>It's as if a high school loner stumbled onto an interesting and promising plot outline and filled it out with every cliche he could find: Average Student who can beat up much larger men; Damsel in Distress; Harpy Mother; Superhero Cop (who automatically believes student's story); Ex-con with a Heart of Gold. None of these characters are fleshed out.  Even the plot - the only thing that could have saved this novel - is largely ignored in the quest to make a hero of the Average Student.<br/>It irks me that I bought another of this author's books with this one.  I'm reading it now, and it's no better.  Waste of money and time.
 Like the author had a basket of “events to take place” to use, like child rape, murder, who dun it, autistic brother, drunk mother, kidnap, karate chop to the bad guy, love interest detective, and used them all. Each dilemma had an unusually convenient fix. All of this was wrapped around a weak story. Sorry.
 Read the other one-star reviews.They are spot on. The 5 star reviews are the true mystery.  I will add that the author must not have researched Vietnam because his  descriptions were full of mistakes. Plus there are Gratuitous and offensive descriptions of women and rape that are ridiculously misogynistic and perverted.
 I liked the writer's style - his metaphors, occurring occasionally through the novel, were interesting and welcome.  The story was interesting in the beginning and kept me very engaged.<br/><br/>Approximately halfway into the story, however, problems appeared concerning the plot (to me, anyway).  The main character's mother and autistic brother didn't seem to serve any real purpose to the over-arching plot of the story.  Also, the main character himself was somewhat conflicted:  in the beginning of the novel, he seemed shy and retiring; by the end of the story, he was solving crimes, facing down villains, and escaping death - all with ingenuity and a manly swagger.
 Normally this isn't my favorite genre but I bought this book for my boyfriend to read and I loved it as well! Great story, great characters, suspenseful yet really touching and heartfelt at times. I laughed, I teared up, I bit off all my nails, you name it!! I immediately had to order this authors second book. Easy read but not cheesy and the dialogue and character substance wasn't lacking at all. My boyfriend whose a big fan of Grisham loved this book too! Bravo and job well done for this authors first work. We look forward to your future stories!!!!
 Protagonist Joe Talbert is a college student who takes an English class and must write a biography consisting of  an outline with a few chapters more fully developed.  The person/subject must be a living person. Joe goes to a nursing home and ends up interviewing a convicted murderer who has terminal cancer with only a few months to live. Though Joe initially approaches the assignment without much enthusiasm and merely as as a chore to be completed,  the person he meets is nothing like the stereotypical  convict that Joe expected. Before long, the simple assignment escalates into a dangerous second look at a murder from 30 years ago.<br/><br/>Along with Joe, the other characters are very compelling. Carl Iverson is the war hero turned murderer whom Joe is interviewing. Carl agreed to be interviewed, but he turns the tables on Joe and delves into some memories that Joe would just as soon forget. My favorite characters were Joe's autistic brother and Joe's girlfriend. On the opposite side of the ledger were Joe's mother and family members of the young girl killed years ago.<br/><br/>I enjoyed that the book was told from one character's (Joe's) point of view and in chronological order (except for obvious flashbacks), whereas so many books today have multiple narrators and sometimes confusing time frames. I also liked that the title, "The Life We Bury," was  applicable in both obvious and subtle ways to every main character in the book, not just  to the convicted murderer, as I had presumed it would be.<br/><br/>Eskens kept me guessing right up until the very end. It's a good, quick read that you won't want to put down.
 I was hoping this book is gonna be something good looking at all the reviews but it never got to it.<br/>Forced myself to get to chapter 7 and then I just put the book down. There was nothing in the 7 chapters that would even indicate the beginning of a good story.<br/>Maybe once he (the main character) actually got to interview the killer, the story would make sense and make the book worth the money, but if that was the main story why is it taking at last 8 chapters to get to it???<br/>I don't know about the rest of you but when I'm reading a good book, the story comes together from page one and not for half way down the book.
 If you believe that a naive college student can be a cross between Magnum P. I. and MacGyver, then this is the book for you!  It was not the book for me.  This was not what I was expecting based on the book summary.  This could have been a better book if it really was about secrets and hidden motives and less of a transparent murder mystery.<br/><br/>Joe leaves his home in Austin, MN to attend UWM in Minneapolis.  He abandons his 18 year old autistic brother to the care of his alcoholic mother.  His next door neighbor is a cute but standoffish college student.  Joe has to write a term paper about someone with a story to tell.  He is put in touch with an older man who is dying of cancer.  He was also in prison for the rape and murder of a 14 year old girl, but got early parole to die in a nursing home.  Of course the man was wrongly convicted and Joe sets out to uncover the truth of a years old murder, all while juggling school, a job, bailing his mother out of jail, and rescuing his brother.  And he gets the girl!  And solves the mystery AND gets a big reward.<br/><br/>I think this is a book of missed opportunities.  I wish the author had focused more on secrets, personal guilt, and choices.  The plot was very predictable and there was a happy ending for everyone.  The writing was basic.  At times it reminded me of the narration for the Guy Noir series on Prairie Home Companion.  In other words, a parody (in this case unintended, I assume) of dime store detective stories.  This book was just okay.  I would not recommend it.
 This book was an excellent read. The characters are highly likable and well developed. The pace is a fast, action packed, and suspenseful. There really are not any parts that felt boring or like good places to stop. It was hard to put down, and I wanted to know more about what happened. Occasionally things felt easy to predict because I am an avid reader and writer myself, so I am exposed to a lot of plot options. However, there were some things that surprised me and twists I wasn't expecting too. Even the parts that seemed predictable though were still engaging and enjoyable to read. I wanted to see how it happened and what particular ways it would be handled. I felt invested in these characters and hopefully for them. While I am a fan of darker stories, and this story definitely goes to some dark places, I also really enjoy the hopeful quality it contains. There is a lot of resiliency present in this story, and I think that makes the characters strong and interesting. I really thought it was fun and the writing was wonderful. The facts felt credible and the language had some unique things in the descriptions, etc. Worth a read.
 It is refreshing to read a work of fiction that is not set in the 'usual' places, like New York or L.A. The characters stand out a bit more clearly; the story development is more realistic, credible. The relationships Eskens explores are nicely crafted. He doesn't waste time, to stretch the story length, with diversions, before the authorities act. A nice change of pace to read of professionals being portrayed as intelligent. That the main character is seen to struggle with real-life issues, in a real-life manner, is commendable. Joe and Lila are seen as having to live with earlier choices, but choosing to move forward, rather than continue to be static or in a downward spiral. There is rich, solid humanness in them.<br/>Other writers have made use of the twists in the story, but Eskens does so in a way that, while the reader sees them coming, the characters are shown to be surprised: human, not omniscent...certainly not as if they expected to have all the answers.
 Today will be a little rough; I couldn't turn my light off until I finished it...at 2:30 AM! This first novel of Allen Eskens absolutely earns the quote on the cover, "Compulsively suspenseful." He's a genius in making you "need" to keep reading. The characters pulled at different parts of you and evolved throughout as did the sometimes invisible human issues we all live around or with  - the poisoning of families through addiction, the struggles inherent with mental challenges - integrity and intimacy. I'd love to see even more such coverage by other authors...stories can educate and offer understanding to the masses that factual accounting can't. The cover of the book...the serene barn scene...has been permanently altered.<br/>Read it - Give it as a gift...This is a winner!
 I bought this book from reviews but was a little disappointed. The story became somewhat predictable and had many cliche moments. They were able to solve a code in a diary rather quickly and without much effort, but a team of lawyers and investigators couldn't figure it out? I lost interest after that point in the story. I do give the author credit though for this attempt being his first book, and it wasn't the worst thing I've ever read but I did not really enjoy it.
 This was a very good introductory story by this new author. I had been struggling with my book choices of late as they just were not living up to the quality that I was looking for, then along came "The Life We Bury". This book kept me spellbound as I became fully immersed with the main characters of this story. This was the first book in a long time that I had trouble putting down at night. If it wasn't for my day job, I would have stayed up all night reading this book. The storyline at times was not always perfect or believable, but that did not detract from the fact that this was an interesting read from cover to cover. I will look for more and better stories coming from this author in coming years.
 This book is nothing short of awesome! The characters are well-developed. The plot is well-thought out. The twists and turns in this story are so good! I loved this book and will be reading more from Allen Eskens.<br/><br/>Joe Talbert is a college student that comes from a terrible childhood. He has a brother, Jeremy, who is autistic, that he left behind to pursue his education. Joe has an assignment for one of his classes to interview someone and tell their story. He comes across Carl Iverson, a nursing home resident who was convicted of the rape and murder of a young girl back in 1980.<br/><br/>As the story unfolds, Joe meets his neighbor Lila (with the help of his brother) and the two of them start to question Carl's conviction. Joe is also faced with having to take care of his brother and working and going to school. Over time, Joe and Lila find themselves in quite a bit of trouble trying to chase down the truth; all the while, Carl lies on his deathbed.<br/><br/>There are so many other aspects of this story. You must read it and delve into their lives to see it all. Eskens does a great job helping you to fall in love with the main characters here. When the action scenes get going, you'll find yourself on edge rooting for them. This book has it all: Suspense, drama, love, crime, action, and even some legal stuff thrown in (which is my favorite).<br/><br/>You will not regret reading this book! Five stars is not enough in my opinion! Hats off to Eskens!
 An intriguing book, from the onset...I was captivated both by the premise, the character development, where the story appeared to be going.  Then it just got too contrived and unrealistic, seemingly to keep the action-level elevated.  Seems Eskens wanted to paint a story with fanciful action that ended up disappointing, empty, rather "too Hollywood".  Then again, I'm not a published author and have limited-to-no experience with carrying a story from beginning intrigue to satisfying end.  I started out excited and ended disappointed.
 While the story was cohesive, the writing style was very simplistic. I felt like I was reading something a high school student might have written.
 This is one of the best written books I have ever read. The story line was riveting, the words used by the author to describe things helped paint a perfect image in my mind. I am no literary critic but I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. Took 3 days to read it, couldn't put it down. Moved to tears at the end.
 The story begins with a college student named Joe Talbert working on a writing assignment for one of his college classes.  He has to write a biography on someone.  He goes to a local nursing home and meets Carl Iverson.  Carl was recently released from prison due to the need of hospice care.  He was convicted of a horrific crime nearly 30 years ago.  Carl agrees to work with Joe as long as he keeps an open mind.  Of course, Carl, like most people in prison claims that he is innocent and never committed the crime.<br/><br/>From here the book takes on a life of it's own.  There are mini stories that are weaved into the plot (like Joe's mother and autistic brother) that are just as intriguing as the main story itself.  The author, Allen Eskens, does an amazing job of connecting all of the smaller stories together.  In the end you realize why certain elements about Joe's childhood (the death of this grandfather) were introduced into the story.<br/><br/>This is a mystery, thriller book.  I do not want to give away any secrets.  I do not like book reviews that ruin the book before it is even read.  I will say that this book will make you angry, cry, hold your breath, and smile.  This was a roller coaster of emotions.  At one point I had to cheat and read the end of the book before I could keep reading the story.  I had to know that one of my favorite characters was going to be alright.  This book made my heart race.<br/><br/>Was Carl Iverson  a killer?  Read and find out.  There are many twists and turns to this book.  Joe Talbert was a hero in many ways.  I love to read another book with his character again. Maybe he and Lila (his girlfriend) could become a detective team.
 This was the first novel I have read by Allen Eskens, and it won't be my last.  "The Life We Bury" is a well written story with some likeable characters, and some not so much.  The book begins with a young college student with an autistic brother and alcoholic Mother, researching a 30 yr old murder of a young girl for an English class  He  decides to start by interviewing the man imprisoned for the crime, and is surprised to find him dying of terminal cancer in a nursing home.  So begins an intriguing tale of mystery and suspense that kept me glued to this book beyond normal expectations.  The book has more than one story though, as it reveals the young student's family life, a young woman he wants to love, the anguish of a dying Viet Nam vet who may be innocent of a 30 yr old crime, and details of the horrendous crime itself.<br/>  As the book wound down to the action packed  conclusion, I wasn't ready to have it end!  So I put the book aside for awhile, trying to make it last a little longer...... but of course that didn't work - I just had to find out what happened! I love books like this, so I will read more by Mr. Eskens whom I have added to my  FAVORITE AUTHORS list.
 Broken people count! That is the message Alan Esken magnifies through each main character of his book:  The  Lives We Bury.  Weekend weaves broken people into a surprising life-chain that rescues each other from multiplepersons &amp; events that threaten to cause life-long pain.  Speed of action keeps the reader mesmerized with exciting story-lines.  Human compassion flows deepest and most pure from wounded healers who choose to use their pain to make life better for another struggler.  Raw emotions touch raw nerves within the reader as the various story-lines emerge and merge.  "Never give up your dreams" is one fact Esken imprints upon the reader.  Real living causes common people to take risks that brings good out of bad situations  and broken people.  A great read that engages each reader's emotions &amp; memories.  You will not want to quit readinguntil you finish this book.  Then what you remember and see modelled inches pages stays with you.
 I recently had to replace my Surface Pro 3 and reinstall the Kindle app.  All my 900+ books showed up but no longer in categories.  I'd had 86 books downloaded, unread.  This book I thought I'd read but downloaded it just in case.  Once I got into the story I realized I had read it, but was enjoying the writing skill and story enough to read it a 2nd time.<br/><br/>The main characters are complex, good but flawed humans dealing with past damage and guilt. Desperate for a subject to interview for a class project, Joe is led to a prison parolee, released to die in hospice care. Eskens has done an admirable job of establishing and revealing the tension inherent in each character before sliding into the "who done it" tale.
 A lot of what I like about this book is what it's not:  it's not formulaic as so many murder mysteries are these days--ones in which you know a chase scene will appear on page 30, a death on page 123, a twist of events on page 176, etc.  The writing isn't flashy nor or the characters. And the location is down to earth Minnesota, with a lot of the action set in winter, no less.<br/><br/>The protagonist, Joe, could be any college-aged kid with more than his share of troubles as well as more than his share of inventiveness and determination.<br/><br/>There's not the drive (which often seems artificial) of a frenetic push to the ending--though the build-up to the ending and the ending are satisfying, with a special twist right at the end.<br/><br/>If you love mysteries and have found that recently you aren't as interested in them as you once were, I highly recommend this book.  It will renew your faith in the inventiveness of authors and of humans in general.<br/><br/>P.S.  Having finished this review, my next action is to purchase the author's second book "The Guise of Another."  If that's not high praise, I don't know what is.
 I was astonished at some of the negative reviews I read...this may not be post doc literature but I (and the majority of reads apparently) found it to be well written with a nicely developed plot and characters.<br/><br/>The storyline was very different from anything I've red before...high school student and ex-Vietnam vet form an end of life bond as they both struggle to clear the name of the veteran who had been imprisoned for 30 years for murder.  As the story unfolds, it wasn't terribly difficult to figure out "whodunit" but that wasn't the point to the story.  That was the event that brought this menagerie of characters together and was the glue that kept them going but the story BEHIND that event is, in my opinion, the actual plot and I absolutely loved it.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this easy read. The main character is Joe, a likeable college student who is working his way through college. He escaped an alcoholic mother, and while working on his biography class assignment, he comes to terms with his love for his autistic half-brother. His assignment for class is to do a biography.....and he ends up interviewing a dying former inmate who was released early from his 30 year old murder charges due to terminal cancer. Little did he know his subject happened to be a Vietnam vet who received a Silver Star and two Purple Hearts. Along the way he becomes involved with his attractive female neighbor, and sets out to solve a decades old mystery.  Excellent read with quite a few thoughts to ponder, often presented as the wisdom from a dying old man who has seen too much of the wrong side of life.
 I enjoyed the book a lot.  I read it in 3 late nights.  I enjoyed the writing and the progression of the story, even though I had the mystery figured out by Chapter 7.  There were other character and plot developments to keep me interested.  Aside from the predictable mystery, there needs to be a bit of suspension of disbelief.  Realistically, the way the character goes about solving the mystery is improbable/stupid.  One suspenseful mistake after another. Overall, I liked the plot and the characters with the exception of the predictable mystery and the unbelievable solution.
 I could not put this book down!  From the first few sentences I was hooked.  Let's just say I was supposed to be babysitting and I kind of let the kids run a muck while I read this entire book in just about one sitting.  I think this book offers a break from my typical female protagonist who are bitter, and jaded.  It kind of gets old after a while.  I particularly loved Joe's character...a good man who faced adversity and was trying his hardest not to become a statistic.  He was such a good person with a good heart and good intentions.  I cried mostly through the last 8 chapters or so.  It was a steady, suspenseful read that I thoroughly enjoyed!
 There were some brilliant things about this novel and some things that fell completely flat.<br/><br/>First, the bad: This is being sold as a mystery and a psychological thriller. I didn't get any real sense of mystery here. Yes, the main character meets a man who was once convicted of a rape and murder that he (obviously) did not commit. And so, Joe sets out to solve the thirty year old mystery. Everything seems to hinge on a diary written by the victim and a code therein, a code that baffled the police until they just gave up on it and let Carl go to jail. The code was a little tricky, but not impossible. That's where I began to struggle with the book. If I can break this code, why couldn't the police?<br/><br/>There is a scene in which Joe is looking for evidence in someone's garbage. He makes a noise and ends up being chased into the book's conclusion, where he must face the true killer. But, seriously? Who pays that much attention to their garbage? If I hear a noise outside at night around my garbage, I assume it was a cat, a raccoon, an opossum... and if the killer knew that what was in his garbage could prove he was the real killer, why did he throw it in the trash behind his house? Why not find a better way to dispose of it?<br/><br/>There were many characters that were poorly developed. The suspects all acted and talked like you would expect from a crime drama on TV. The killer's way of talking to Joe was straight out of vaudeville or an old comic book. I could picture him sneering as he twirled his mustache over the damsel in distress (yes, of course, there is one of those, too).<br/><br/>The good...<br/><br/>The first half of the book was fantastic. Joe, his mother, his brother Jeremy, Carl and Joe's neighbor girl Lila were nicely fleshed out. They felt real and interesting. I did enjoy the interactions between them. The romance between Joe and Lila was sweet and nicely paced. Carl is definitely the best thought out character in the book and the scenes of him were the best.
 When one buys books for one's Kindle, it is sometimes a gamble -- regardless of reading the reviews, you're not sure you will really like the book you bought. I did not fully realize it was a crime novel, a detective story. I never read "crimmies". However, this one drew me in and held my attention right to the end. The hero is likeable (this is always important) and he's hell-bent on doing a selfless deed for an old dying man. He also has his own personal troubles, such as his feckless and undependable mother and an autistic brother, and he's trying to do a college degree on just about no money. His life, therefore, is anything but easy. Allen Eskens has a pleasant, flowing writing style --  always so important -- and if this is your genre, buy this book. There are small parts almost right at the end which I found a little ... almost slapstick ... without the funny bits. But no matter -- it comes together beautifully in the end. Not a masterpiece, but well written with pleasant characters (well, those not involved in crime!) and really enjoyable.
 After reading "The Guise of Another", Allen Eskins' second novel, I decided to also order his debut novel "The Life We Bury".  The reviews were great and he won a 'best debut novel' for his efforts besides being nominated for several other awards.  I'm a little late to the party on this one and I expect that very few people will see this review.  However I do have a few things to say that may help you in deciding to purchase this book.<br/><br/>On top of his taught writing, his extensive character development, and the vividness of his scenes, Allen Eskins really knows how to tell a story.  Not only is he great at telling the story, his imagination and research resulted in a complex story with a few well-designed feints that very softly misdirect you away from the solution/conclusion.  This is not a spoiler for you.  Most writers drop in huge "red herrings" that fairly scream misdirection.  Allen Eskens gives simple but effective 'head fakes' that you won't even notice until you get further along in this book.<br/><br/>So I'm not going to rehash the plot and repeat what you may have read in the 1,000+ reviews written before mine.  But I'm going to encourage you to read this book to see how a truly talented author effectively tells a story.
 This is one of the best books I’ve ever read. Every character is meticulously crafted, and the only ones we get to “know” are essential to the plot. There were twists I didn’t expect, villains worth hating, a hero worth rooting for, and a lovely young woman who adores the brother with autism. The cherry on this sundae is that the story takes place in Minnesota, most of it at a place we Gophers found the true versions of ourselves, just as Joe does.  I almost never give 5 stars, but this one earned all 5.
 This is another book I wouldn’t have chosen for myself but I read because it was selected by one of my book clubs.  When I started it, I thought it might be another one of those books that I join book clubs for: an excellent read that I otherwise wouldn’t have read.  Unfortunately, after a promising start, this book quickly bogged down.<br/><br/>Within The Life We Bury is a great novel waiting to get out.  Mr. Eskens has fallen into a trap that I have seen quite a bit lately—the need to pile a bunch of unnecessary “interesting” and “exciting” things on top of a mystery that is interesting in and of itself.  Instead of focusing on his core story, he brings in a bunch of characters—autistic brother, alcoholic mother, damaged love interest—that detract from core characters that he could have developed more deeply.  This leaves a surface of superficiality that is intensified in a ridiculous closing set piece that seems more written for the screen than for a novel.<br/><br/>It’s disappointing, because the relationship between our narrator, Joe, and the dying vet, Carl, is fascinating and there is not enough of it here.  It’s Joe’s interest in finding out the truth about Carl’s experiences in Vietnam and the hometown murder of which he was convicted that drives the novel, even in its adulterated form.  Had the focus stayed here instead of wandering into other territory, this could have been a taut mystery/thriller and a truly great novel.  Instead, it is a good read but an opportunity missed.
 I have been overwhelmed by life, and every book I've started gets abandoned in favor of less demanding pass times. Then I found this one and quickly ordered the next two as well. Allen Eskins has created three books which could be stand alone novels with just enough mystery, police procedures and character development to hold my attention, and just enough surprising twists to make the time spent feel rewarded. There is an officer who connects the threads of these stories and I recommend reading them in order with this book first, and The Heavens May Fall, third. Then you will have to wait, like I will, until October.
 A college student has to write an essay over a stranger, and quickly settles on a man in a nursing home by the name of Carl Iverson. On parole from a murder and rape case that happened back in 1980, Joe decides he has found the perfect story. But as Carl shares his story Joe begins to question if he is truly guilty.<br/>The plot seemed interesting enough i just had to buy it. I was blown away by how well the characters and the storyline fit together. It was amazing. Give this one a try. You wont be disapointed.
 Eskens is a superb story teller, and brilliantly talented writer. I found myself highlighting whole paragraphs, simply because they were written so beautifully. The plot unfolds at a perfect pace, and because I downloaded this so long before I read it, I'd forgotten that it was a mystery/thriller, and also, because I almost never read the whole synopsis (I hate it when they tell you too much), the whole thing was a ride! I loved this book.
 Liked the writer. Very descriptive in his writing. I could well visualize whatever  activity he was describing. I had to read a profile on the author after and found he is an attorney. That explains it. That is what  I enjoyed most about the book. Vivid description. Next enjoyment, the mystery, the twists and turns. I like psychological thrillers. From the title, I could not tell the story was going to be like that. ...or about a serial killer which  was the last surprise.  Anden last but not least it was a love story. The story dealt with social issues as well, alcoholism, abuse sexual and mental, and autism. I want to get time to read this author more. This book was our book club read for the month.
 I loved this book so much that I read most of it in one day. Intending to “just finish this chapter”, I found myself reading one more and then one more until I finished them all. The story, while a little far fetched at times, is incredibly compelling. Having lived in Minnesota my whole life and more than half of that in the Twin Cities metro area, I have been to almost all of the settings. I look forward to reading more from this author.
 Honestly not sure what all the hype is about. Story was predictable and the characters were poorly developed. Reminded me of a children's book at times.
 This book was recommended by local library.  I bought it and I loved it.  I've read everything by Allen Eskens and would highly recommend this if you like suspenseful thrillers.  Last Christmas (2016) I bought books I read that year as gifts to friends and family and got this for three people.  They all really enjoyed the book, and even my soon to be father in law started reading it and enjoyed it as someone who doesn't read much.  If you are looking for something with a lot of deep meaning this is probably not the book for you, but it's a great crime book and has a few other books that will intertwine with it if you enjoyed it.
 A college student is assigned to write a biography. He heads to a nursing home and ends up interviewing a convicted rapist and killer, who was released to the nursing home because he is dying of cancer. What follows is the student, Joe,  starts questioning if this man actually committed these crimes. The book is about a lot more than this-We find out what people "bury" from their past.and all the guilt that they carry. We get some insight into autism, alcoholism, child abuse -the good and bad of people's lives. There are twists and turns along the way that lead to a surprise ending.
 This book was a real pleasure to read.  First of all, the almost accidental discovery of the former soldier's past created great empathy for him even before the details developed, and by extension, I could  not help but wonder how many of our returning military men and women face similar trials which in most cases remain buried as they return to civilian life.  The young students also have personal and family issues to face.  I could not help but appreciate the concern the young male student had for his autistic brother and the recognition that there was little he could do about the way his mother chose to live her life.  His drive to get himself and his brother out of that vicious life cycle was the real story.  The great joy of the book is that the resolution to all the various issues did not seem overly contrived.
 This was a good read overall.  The story and writing was engaging and kept me reading until my eyes became heavy.  I agree with some reviewers that more detail could have been given, or issues could have been delved into more deeply.  The storyline, while simply laid out, flowed smoothly for the first two thirds of the book.  As the main character became more wrapped up in the secrets he worked to uncover, the story became a bit much.  Wild chases in the woods led to frigid hideouts and an over the top romance scene.  For me, this was the moment the book shot itself in the foot.  The romantic storyline had not been well developed, and was certainly not the reader's focus at this point in the book.  Blooming the romantic storyline seemed more of a distraction than an asset to the story.  I'd recommend this book as an easy and quick read if you don't want a story line that's particularly involved.
 This book is a great read, and draws into the struggles, and the possibilities of the protagonist as he turns a simple, reluctantly approached college assignment into an action-packed quest for the truth. It is a good story, well told, and I will seek out other works by Eskens now having read this, a masterpiece of believable, thrilling, and hope. Thank you Mr. Eskens for a great story well told.
 Multi-faceted, "real-life" characters criss-crossing and coming together in a well concieved story line that inlcude a suspense story...love story...criminal justice story...American hero story. Each character and story offering dimension, enhancing themes and motifs.  The author's contribution in the personal energy of each character seemed present in some ways for some characters, and present in other characters in other ways, which leant first-hand and "informed" believability to the tale.  I found the structure suprisingly elegant, and one that delivered on multiple levels, and added additional enjoyment to the read. It seems carefully and lovingly put together and is generous with useful and hopeful insights to compensate for the realistic portrayal of predation, intolerance, violence and the evils that challenge us, yet make this suspensful thriller so fun.
 This book offers everything we want from a Mystery/Thriller novel:  Entertainment, Suspense, Anticipation, Resolution, and an overall magical quality that helps us escape from every day life.  It is compelling and caused me to tense up with anticipation.  I completed it within a couple of days as it was difficult to put down.<br/>It is a typical format and result.  You may or may not identify the killer by about 2/3 of the way through the book.  You will most likely identify the conclusion of the book by half way through.  At the end, you are left with a feeling of satisfaction and resolve and, at the same time, futility.  I would not say it offers anything unique or memorable, which is not a bad thing.  It did what it was intended to do, create a captivating reader experience without offering anything learned or lost.  I would recommend it for anyone seeking a mystery novel.
 Allen Eskens' novel reminds this reader of the wonderful writing style of author Daniel Woodrell.  Both men focus on characters who are poor, from dysfunctional families plagued by drug or alcohol addiction and who are trying to claw their way up to a better life.  While Woodrell's settings are in the Ozarks, Eskens novel is in rural Minnesota.  Joe Talbert has left home to attend the university.  He is poor, but wants to become a journalist.  An initial writing assignment for his required English course is to write a biography of someone he knows.  Choosing to go outside of his family and delaying the assignment to the last moment, Joe interviews a Vietnam veteran, Carl Iverson.  Carl is a resident in a nursing home with end-stage cancer.  Mr. Iverson has spent most of his post-war life in prison for committing a heinous crime.  Gradually, the men bond and Joe refuses to judge Carl until he has done some thorough investigative reporting about his crime and his life.  The sections about Joe's brother seemed a bit contrived as did some of Joe's actions that skirted law enforcement.  But, the search for the truth, kept this reader on the edge of her seat.  Now that is good story telling!
 The title to the book drew me in quickly. It was an excellent title for the story/stories. I was intrigued with the premise at the start. I enjoyed this book, but drew the line at 4 stars because antennas popped up at the part where (SPOILER ALERT) the brother just happens to be present and makes a casual comment about typing which leads the "detectives" to solve the code. From there on out I had to read with a suspension of disbelief as it continued with the nightmare Joe went through and into a hastily drawn conclusion with a cell phone which happened to be left in the car for Joe to use to call the investigator. All this said, I am glad I read the book and think it is a very good and suspenseful novel for a first time writer!
 I don't often read authors I haven't read before - too many disappointments. But I am ecstatic that my first Eskens novel was such a page turner and so rich in plot, characters, suspense and emotion.<br/>I really hesitated when I saw that the main character was a student. What could someone so young teach me, in my 70th year. The answer is 'plenty'! Eskens story and characters grabbed me, holding on stronger and stronger to the very last page. It is a murder mystery, lo e story and child abuse novel all in one. It travels deep into each stream, pulling all the threads together brilliantly. Enjoy.
 Joe Talbert's life changes when he leaves his mother and autistic brother to go to college.  Because he was late enrolling in school, he had little choice of an English Class--Biography.  He did not want to interview his mother, she was not the best mother after all.  So, he went to a nursing home where he was introduced to Carl Iverson, a Vietnam Vet and a convicted killer, who is dying from pancreatic cancer.<br/>Joe's neighbor, Lila, becomes intrigued with Carl's trial and history.<br/>I'm not saying more because to do so will spoil the ending of the book.<br/>I thoroughly enjoyed this contemporary mystery.
 The protagonist,Joe Talbert faces the world with a handful of bad cards, yet he has the strength of character to muddle on. The story follows the emotional travails and challenges that stem from a school assignment to write a biography about someone with an interesting history. The story evolves around his subject while Joe has to deal with an autistic brother, mentally ill mother and his own demons! This was a very enjoyable story complete with suspense, physical challenges and even a love interest. I flew through this story, greedily enjoying every carefully chosen word.<br/>Great debut novel! Read this book and be prepared to ache, laugh, cringe, fret and celebrate.
 A student has an assignment to write a story about the life of an elderly person.  The person he chooses changes his life and many others in ways he never thought of or expected.  What a story! Why did this dying old man just accept the fate life had dealt him and never claim his innocence in the death of the 14 year old girl as most would?  Even when you think you have it figured out there are still twists.<br/><br/>Great story! I would read this author again.
 I wonderful book to read if you want a quick, page-turner. I read it at the beach and didn't have to give it a thought or ponder it for a moment.  It is an extremely predictable mystery, and almost written like a movie script.  It is so fast-paced you can't imagine all of the twists and turns happening in such a short amount of time.  It was almost as if the author thought the reader would lose interest if he focused on more character development and details. The book is underwritten as opposed to overwritten. If you are not looking for an introspective read with complex characters, this book could serve your needs.  I certainly didn't lose interest, as it is a plot driven book and has all the elements needed for a good mystery but lacks depth and could have been much more developed.
 I came upon this book as a suggestion from my FB book club. Being stuck on historical fiction it was good to try something new. I was hooked right away. The main character Joe seemed like the average college kid in search of a subject that could get him through an assignment. Little did he know his 'subject's' life story would open his eyes to the reality of what we are all guilty of; easily judging others. Joe becomes involved so deep with Carl's story, he makes it his duty to ultimately try to clear Carl's name once he realized why Carl went through his situation without even fighting, he simply wanted to bury his life. He even jeopardized his life trying to do so. I must say there were some twists I was not expecting but it kept me glued to the book. This book has inclined me to stop trying to 'bury' certain aspects of my life as they make for a good story, my story and to open up to others without worrying about being judged. What a good read and a lesson we can all learn from.
 When I purchased this book, I thought it was a true story.  So when I started reading it and it was mostly about the main character, I was confused.  It is not a true story.  However, this book is well written and keeps you hooked.  It has one several awards for the author as his first book out and I can see why.  I couldn't put it down.  I cried at the end if that tells you anything.  Buy it, you won't be sorry.  At least, I don't think so.
 I must be honest. I began reading this book and did not get hooked in the first chapter. I opened another book, read a bit then closed it. The next time I went to open a book I mistakenly open this book again and began reading. I was suddenly hooked on the story and it became a page-turner ever after that.  I began began reading and listening at every opportunity. At first I thought some of the backstory wasn't relevant to the main story but by the end it was apparent this book was well thought out. The characters are believable, not overplayed and the pacing is just right.
 Despite the implication in my title, this is not young adult literature.  At least it's not for the first two-thirds of the book as our hero, Joe, while trying to do an college English assignment reveals the back stories of himself, his neighbor, and the convicted killer he is interviewing.  Absolutely nothing happens, yet the story is suspenseful because the characters are interesting.  The convicted killer, Carl, is described especially well, giving the reader an accurate sense of life in Vietnam during the war.  Joe, too, has issues as does Lila, the neighbor.  All have lives they have buried.<br/><br/>Then Eskens has the young college students try to exonerate Carl on their own with predictable consequences and hard-to-believe escapes.  The ending is contrived and worthy of a Lifetime Channel movie.  Too bad he didn't continue the buried lives theme even if it would have meant an unhappy ending.<br/><br/>Still, it's a worthwhile read.
 This was a gamble purchase for me, and I am glad I took that leap of faith. A young man/boy, a drunken, bipolar mom, an autistic younger brother, a damaged young woman/girl and a dying paroled murderer all converge to make this a nice debut novel. Our young man, Joe, leaves home to attend college and find some peace from his violent, drunken mother. An English assignment leads him to a nursing home where he discovers a murderer released from prison to die there. Our murderer, Carl, fits the bill for Joe's assignment and the story grows from there. The characters are fleshed and solid. The murder line is well done. The action involved never ceases forward momentum. There is violent and disturbing scenes that are written so well that the visual leaps in your mind. I love the prose that Mr. Eskens uses. I am definitely going to pick up his next book, The Guise of Another, not just because I feel it will be another good read; but because a very likable Sheriff, Max Rupert, is the lead character. For a debut book, well done, Mr. Eskens.
 A very easy read, with some interesting turns and yes, somewhat predictable.  I expect it would appeal to a younger, not so well read, audience.<br/><br/>SPOILER ALERT:<br/><br/>I mean I was aware that I was being conned into believing it wasn't who the author wanted me to believe it was. But isn't that the case with all mystery novels?  It's never who you're supposed to believe it is!<br/><br/>Of course, it was clear from the outset how things were going to turn out but that didn't stop me from  enjoying to process that led to that obvious conclusion.  Some authors actually tell you "who-done-it" on page one!<br/><br/>The author will certainly not receive any awards for his prose but I they didn't make as crazy as they  made some of the reviewers of this book.<br/><br/>Yes, there were times when I wondered if some of the things described could actually have been accomplished, but I still found it hard to put this book down.  It was an accessible, easy read, and sometimes that's a relief from those difficult to read tomes that get such high praise.<br/><br/>Yes, it's a no-brainer, but a pleasant enough read when all you want to do is chill and not be challenged with trying to sort out what the hell a book is about.
 As one of the first mystery/thriller books I've read since my YA days, I really enjoyed the pace of this book. At first, I thought I knew exactly what the outcome of the big mystery would be, and was a little disappointed at the predictability of the whole thing. But while my initial prediction did unfold in a way, the twists and turns the author took to get to that conclusion were quite surprising! I thought the book wove humor with thrill and relationships (romantic and otherwise) in a really well-crafted manner. It wasn't the best book I've ever read but there were definitely parts that I just couldn't put down!
 A college student's assignment is to interview an older person and write a biography.  So many would want to rush through such an assignment.  And so does our student with preconceived thoughts.  Until he meets ex-convict Carl Iverson.  How often does this happen to make assumptions before a word is spoken?  And what is learned when we listen?<br/><br/>The judgments we make of ourselves are sometimes harsher than those made by others.<br/><br/>This was a good read, a real page turner.
 I cannot say enough about this book!! Yes, it’s a fine addition to the thriller genre: it’s tells a suspenseful, scary story among the best of them. There are a couple of things, however, that sets The Life We Bury apart as a masterpiece. First of all, the suspensful plot is intriguing and well thought-out. There are no cheap-shots-just-for-a-scare.<br/><br/>The second thing, and most remarkable, about The Life We Bury is Mr. Eskens’ gift for developing characters. I really rooted for Joe from the first chapter. I even found myself sympathetic for the “bad guys” of the story.<br/><br/>As I read this book, I found myself not reading as quickly or as often as I normally do and after awhile it dawned on me why: I simply didn’t want this gem to be over. That, in my opinion, is the mark of a great novel.
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Life-We-Bury/dp/1616149981">The Life We Bury</a><br/><br/>This book starts out with Joe Talbert.  He needs to do a writing assignment for a college course he is taking.  He meets a convicted killer that is dying  of cancer named Carl Iverson.  Carl was released from prison early since he will not live much longer.  Joe decides to take on the convicted killer's story, and finds out that he has some common background with his own situation with his mother and brother.  He becomes obsessed with Carl who lives in a nursing home, and obsessed with the story of the girl that Carl supposedly killed.  I would recommend this book to  anyone who likes a suspenseful ending, and was not what I thought it would be.
 Question, would I have loved this the same if I hadn't read it from cover to cover on a plane????And groaned when it ended but relieved that we had just landed???  Charming writing style; very likable human characters, has everything in it....an autistic brother, totally dysfunctional icky mother, viet nam vet (with gut wrenching memories), young likeable college student, mystery, great chase, kidnapping, icky deviants...but all very believable.......who could ask for more.......As my plane took off I got sucked in to the book and loved it throughout..........I look forward to more from this author
 This is a nail-biting novel that addresses the parts of our lives we bury and how we are affected each day by those buried parts.  A young man with an irresponsible drug-addicted mom and an autistic brother wants desperately to establish his own life and make something of it. For a college class he is assigned to write a biography and finds himself wrapped up in the life of a dying prisoner spending his last days in a nursing home.  The prisoner has been serving time as a convicted murderer - yet was a decorated war veteran - who admits he has killed, but denies he has ever murdered.  As he becomes tangled in the life of this convicted murderer, his own life goes on the line as well as that of a young woman who befriends both him and his autistic brother.  Both from psychological insights and from murder mystery aspects, this is a book that pulls at your heart and challenges your mind and buffets you with a full range of emotions at one time or another.
 The book is easy to read and fast paced. The characters are pretty good too and I really wanted to like it. But, by nature of its genre and subject, it had too much rape, murder and f-words for my taste. I really wish other readers had warned me of that first, so that's all I'm trying to do here. I know tastes vary, and it's not done gratuitously, so if you're not already very sensitive to such things, you will probably enjoy this boo. I didn't.
 Interesting and enjoyable! I read this book because a friend suggested it for a book club reading. I hadn't been reading many books lately and when I saw the title I was unsure of what to expect. This was a quick read for me because of the flow and the interest I had in the book. The characters drew me into the story like I was following their life, like someone was telling me a story. The way the characters intertwined with each other; the way the author wrote about the help, caring and support people can give to each other, even strangers was excellent. There were tears for me at the end, not tears of sorrow or sadness, but relief for the characters that they could move on positively from what happened.<br/><br/>You can be drawn into the book, but it is the type of reading I enjoy. It touches on different aspects of life, gave a few things to think about and the end was bittersweet. I would recommend this as a nice, casual read, a book that you can get into quickly. I gave it 5 stars because it was more than I like it, I really really enjoyed reading and can't wait to move on to the next book. I thought it was easy to follow with the characters and was written with a knowledge that not everyone knows about.
 I am really not a mystery type reader and did not think that The Life We Bury would take that route so I began this book just enjoying the flow of the story. This was a page turner. It built slowly into the mystery with surprising twists and turns. I could not put it down. After finishing this book I was hooked onAllen Eskens writing and went on to get all his books. If the rest are as good as this one I will be a Happy Camper. Allen Eskens writes in such a way that he hooks  you in from the first page. This book in my opinion could be made into a really good movie.
 This mystery has many common constructs: a wrongfully accused man of good character, an unlikely detective, a beautiful romantic interest, but what makes it interesting is the inclusion of the character's autistic brother and caustic mother which gives the main character a little more depth than you might otherwise find. I found myself caring about what happened to this young college student-detective and couldn't put it down until I was finished.
 This book just seemed to draw me in quickly. I enjoyed the storyline and characters. The author had a really beautiful way with words in his descriptions.<br/>The only thing that really bugged me was the language. I can understand a little here and there but the amount of foul language was a little over the top for me.  I would really enjoy reading more from this author if I was sure that the foul language was toned down quite a bit.
 I guess I could go on about great plotting, subplots, excellent characterization and, of course, setting, since I am a native of the Twin Cities. But since those accolades have already been graced upon Mr. Eskens fine work, I'll go in another direction. There are many authors today who can spin a fine tale and even come up with some well rounded characters. I read these authors often and enjoy hours of entertainment and enjoyment because of them. I guess what sets "The Life We Bury" apart from the others is a steady heartbeat underlying the text front to back. Simply put, this book touched my heart and soul with its undertones of honesty and grace, a rare quality indeed within the mystery/thriller genre. I will look forward to reading Allen Eskens' future work, hopefully for many years to come.
 The Life We Bury was a well crafted story. It was an interesting story based on Carl Iverson's life and wrongful conviction for a crime he did not commit, but with a twist. Carl had done some things in Viet Nam that he had no control over, but caused him a great amount of guilt, so he had served time in prison without much complaint or even denial for the rape and murder of a young girl. The main character of the book, Joe was a good person, but with a great deal personal problems himself. The story of these two people would have been a good read alone, but then you throw in the thriller when he finds and confronts the real killer, and this book becomes one I had trouble putting down. You also have to add that during all of this, Joe also gets the girl.<br/><br/>This is the first book I have read by Mr. Eskens, but I will definitely be looking for more.
 The Life We Bury is a multi-layered mystery with a fantastic puzzle that needs solving. This story is full of suspense and incredibly compelling but it’s not just a thriller. It’s also an amazing character study, exploring the things we try to bury in order to live our lives.<br/><br/>I adore the author’s descriptive writing and it had me gripped from start to finish. I was glued to the pages and utterly absorbed. This is an incredibly engrossing and compelling read and I highly recommend it! I can’t wait to read more by this author!
 I stumbled upon this book as a happy accident. I was perusing books on Amazon and in the “Based on Your Purchase History” section I saw it, read the description, and decided to buy it. I am so glad I did.<br/><br/>What drew me to it was fact that the main character had an Autistic brother and I have an Autistic sister, so I was curious to see how the author would handle their relationship. He did an extremely good job of conveying the fear, protectiveness, and fierce love someone with an Autistic brother or sister feels toward their sibling. I also loved that he captured the weight of responsibility someone has when caring for a family member who is disabled, and the guilt that they have for feeling burdened by them at times.<br/><br/>The main character, Joe Talbert, is a college student who is desperate to make a better life for himself than the one he grew up in. He has a very tumultuous relationship with his alcoholic mother, feels the weight of responsibility for his eighteen year old Autistic brother Jeremy, and his father has been absent his whole life. From a young age he had to be a parent to not only his brother, but also his mother, who would be gone for days at a time and the responsibility fell on Joe to find her and drag her back home from whatever bar she was holed up in.<br/><br/>Always busy with class and working the door at a local bar, he finds himself increasingly close to his deadline for an assignment for which he has to find someone older and write a brief biography. Without anyone in his life to interview, he decides to head to a local nursing home, Hillview Manor, and ask if he can interview one of the residents there. Based on the notion that the residents there have led long lives, he thinks surely they would have lots of stories they would be willing to share with him. At first, the receptionist he speaks with is reluctant to let Joe meet with any of their residents, reasoning that the majority have dementia or severe memory loss and wouldn’t be able to share what little memories they have left.<br/><br/>Joe persists and asks to speak with the director of the home, and it is then that the receptionist suggests that he could speak with a resident by the name of Carl Iverson. The director quickly dismisses the idea, telling Joe that Carl is a convicted rapist and murderer who has served thirty years in prison and has only recently been paroled due to the fact that he is dying of cancer and only has months to live. However, since Carl is simply a resident and not a prisoner she cannot deny him visitors. After hearing this, Joe is reluctant to pursue this any further, but due to his deadline he asks the director to speak with Carl and convey his request for the interview and call him when she has an answer, to which she agrees.<br/><br/>Upon leaving Hillview Manor, Joe is called back home when things start to spiral out of control with his mother as they have many times before. His mother is arrested for a DUI, and again Joe is responsible for the care of his brother, which will seriously inhibit his ability to attend classes and work. Joe brings Jeremy back to his apartment and sets him up with his favorite movie of the moment and tries to get back to work on his assignment. Later, Joe comes home to find his attractive female neighbor, Lila, watching Jeremy’s favorite movie with him and connecting with him in a way few people are able to do. Joe invites Lila to come back for dinner, and to his delight she agrees, but she makes it clear she is only doing so because she enjoys Jeremy’s company.<br/><br/>After being granted his request of the interview with Carl, Joe starts to research the rape and murder of Carl’s victim Crystal Marie Hagen on October 29, 1980. He finds out that Crystal was murdered and then set on fire in the shed on Carl’s property, which was next door to where she and her mother, step-father and step-brother had lived. He is able to obtain the transcript of the murder trial and sees the photos of the evidence presented by the prosecution, all of which seem to make it clear that Carl was indeed guilty of the heinous crime.<br/><br/>Joe goes back to Hillview Manor to begin his interview with Carl. Expecting to see a hardened criminal, he is taken aback when he sees a withered man who is quickly succumbing to his disease. He begins to talk to Carl, who is weary of Joe’s intentions, but agrees to tell him his story as long as Joe agrees to be truthful, telling him that he wants someone to know what really happened before he dies. Joe learns that Carl is not just the villain he appears to be, but he was also a decorated Vietnam war veteran and his only ally in life is his best friend Virgil, who served alongside him in the war.<br/><br/>After his first meeting with Carl, Joe is pulled back to his hometown to attend his mother’s hearing for her DUI where she is given the decision to either pay three thousand dollars to be released or can pay nothing but be hooked to an alcohol monitoring bracelet. Joe’s mother refuses the bracelet because she is adamantly unwilling to abstain from alcohol and cruelly tries to guilt Joe into paying the money, which will leave him unable to pay for school the next semester. However, if his mother doesn’t get released from jail, he will have to leave school to take care of Jeremy, so he pays the money and returns Jeremy and his mother home and heads back to school to at least finish this semester.<br/><br/>Joe continues to meet with Carl, who maintains his innocence, and delves deeper into the information he is able to obtain from Carl’s attorney. Although all of the evidence points to Carl as the perpetrator, he begins to see that there are discrepancies that make him start to believe that maybe Carl wasn’t guilty after all.<br/><br/>After another altercation with his mother and his mother’s new boyfriend who has begun abusing Jeremy, he brings Jeremy to live with him in his apartment near school. All the while Lila and Joe become closer, and she not only helps Joe with his research into Carl’s case but helps with the responsibility of caring for Jeremy.<br/><br/>The deeper Joe’s conversations with Carl become, and the more he learns about the murder of Crystal Hagen, he becomes increasingly doubtful that Carl could have committed the crime. Joe starts to reach out to those involved in the trial including Crystal’s boyfriend at the time, who was the last to see her alive, and her step-father who had allegedly been at the car dealership he owned the afternoon the murder took place.<br/><br/>Joe is bombarded with new information and theories and begins to believe in Carl’s innocence, which sets him on a dangerous path to finally find the truth after thirty years.<br/><br/>This book has amazing twists and turns and keeps you guessing until the very end. It’s very well written with rich characters and storylines, and is definitely a book that you have to set aside the time to read because it is extremely difficult to put down.<br/><br/>For anyone who is a fan of the thriller or murder-mystery genres, I highly recommend this book. Even if you aren’t a fan of those genres, it’s still an amazing story.<br/><br/>Hope you pick up a copy of your own and enjoy it for yourself!<br/><br/>Taken from my blog: ...]
 This book is amazing!<br/><br/>It arrived Saturday and just finished it today, less than 48 hours later.  It was impossible to put down!<br/><br/>I won't review the details of the story - there are plenty of reviews here - just tell you that you need to read this book.<br/><br/>He grabs you on the first page and doesn't let go until the end.  His characters are so real you feel like you know them and his story-telling is as natural as someone publishing his 20th book instead of his first.<br/><br/>Can't wait to read more of Allen Eskens' work.
 This is a murder mystery and a good one at that. Particularly so when viewed as a debut novel. The story follows Joe, a student writing a term assignment in English class, and in doing so uncovers an old mystery that he goes on to investigate. Its a good concept and works for the most part. It is a complex story with a number of subplots involving Joe's family and later a romance. I liked the family and romance aspects and parts of them were well done, particularly the relationship with Joe's brother and his developing relationship with Lila. Overall the story is fast paced and continuously readable.<br/>However, the story does read as a debut novel from someone learning their trade. Some parts just don't gel together and the characterizations clash at times. Joe's relationship with his mother, for example, is so superficial and simplified as to be unbelievable (why squander his life savings and future when a perfectly reasonable alternative is available?). And some text probably should not have made it through the edits ("a record snowfall was on its way to bitch slap us"). Although the plot is exciting and continuously evolving, some aspects just don't ring true. While it seems to be an accepted part of thriller writing and film/TV screenplays, the concept of the student hero taking on the investigation himself, playing the part of the action hero, and taking silly and avoidable risks is unrealistic. Why the need for unnecessary physical violence in bar encounters and domestic situations where Joe is portrayed as an action hero with martial arts skills, but whom the bad guys always get the drop on when he confronts them? It all seems a little formulaic.
 Interesting concept: A college student (Joe Talbert) goes to a nursing home to write the story of a resident’s life.  And I liked the first third of the book (5 stars) as we slowly learned about the characters who populate this book.  The middle third of the book was decent (3.5 stars) as the protagonists try to determine what is true and what is not (despite the adversities thrown in their way).  But the final third of the book (2 stars) has our hero foolishly trying to be a John Wayne type despite being woefully unprepared for the unexpected (or the expected, for that matter).  The result is that the characterization of Joe goes from interesting &amp; compassionate &amp; resourceful to oddly foolish – so 3 stars.
 I wasn't expecting a heart warming story, but ultimately it was that aspect of this book that made it worth reading for me. I did not find it satisfying as a suspense story, but perhaps that wasn't the important aspect of the story line. At times it felt like the writer was reaching or stretching the story to make it work. (Can you really buy paternity tests at Walmart?)  But I did find myself involved with the characters and was pleased with the ending even though the story line was very predictable.
 This was a very well written murder mystery which kept me riveted. I'd like to warn you though that the book is sickeningly detailed at certain parts and it made my stomach turn, but I understand that it was necessary as it spoke to the character of one of the protagonists. I normally avoid books that have rape as a theme, but as it was part of the story I forced myself to read it.<br/><br/>I enjoyed reading from Joe's point of view. He seems like a terrific guy who I would be proud to call my brother. I will also say that I knew who the real killer was pretty early on, and I could predict how the story was going to play out but it still deserves 5 stars for the clear, concise writing and great flow. I definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys thrillers. Will read more by Allen Eskens in the future.
 I agree with the praise about the masterful suspense, pace, and action incorporated into this very compelling story but, for me, the most captivating aspect of this book is how it connects us to life's weight...as a result of difficult situations, choices, and circumstances...and the variety of ways that people decide to carry it. It is also a great reminder that what you see, in the absence of real conviction and/or effort, is seldom the whole story.<br/><br/>I couldn't put this down...I read through the night and enjoyed every single page. And I'm a sucker for happy endings: no disappointment here + some nice surprises :)  I have a large library of books but this one will get very worn out, as I plan to revisit it quite often.<br/><br/>Am really looking forward to the next title, with much appreciation to the author for his very fine and thoughtful work.
 The Life We Bury is well written but so predictable in its striving to be unpredictable. So much of the story line is just over the top: a struggling college student with a host of family problems and a tragic event in his past; a damaged and emotionally scarred neighbor who isn't looking for a relationship; a Miss Hannigan-esque alcoholic mother and a younger brother with autism who is neglected and mistreated by said mother. And of course, the main story - a writing assignment that brings the main character into contact with a convicted rapist and murderer in the final weeks of his life. I didn't enjoy this book but it was a quick read and somewhat mindless. Not edifying in any way.
 This book was recommended to me by a friend, and based on all the amazing reviews, I went ahead and purchased it. It started out pretty good, interesting enough to keep reading even though the characters were pretty predictable. It wasn't a page turner or anything, but good enough to keep going. However, towards the end when he's making his escape, it gets incredibly cheesey and even more predictable. I had to finish because I had already made it that far, but I wish I just borrowed it from the library instead of wasting my money on a book I'll never read again.
 This is a great first effort book!  The story is perhaps not a classic, but why not?  Autistic brother?  Dysfunctional home life with alcoholic mother and still succeeding in life, moving forward?  Vietnam vet with a sad twist of fate (that turns out - maybe - was a blessing????)?  Girl next door, who turns out to be dealing with a teen period she is ashamed of?  Psychopathic killer in their midst?  Brought together by a set of circumstances, it all flows with a pace that definitely kept my interest, then I couldn't put it down for the last 50 pages or so.  I very much enjoyed this book and will watch for more from him.  I got to visit Minnesota for the first time this past October, so I had a double interest, but I like how the author wove the many elements with a proper sense of accuracy and just good story-telling.  Keep it up!
 This was not at all what I expected it to be. The front jacket says it's suspenseful, but the reason I bought the book was the description on Amazon. I was interested in the juxtaposition of a decorated war hero who would later go on to rape and murder a little girl. This is not what the book is about. If I had to describe it, I would say it is definitely a murder mystery, with a beautiful theme of absolution strewn throughout. I loved both the suspense and the theme, and I loved the author's use of metaphor throughout to paint the story rather than just tell it. Beautiful and moving, I couldn't put it down and ended up reading it in a day.
 Pretty good debut.  Starts better than it finishes.  My willing suspension of disbelief took a beating in the denouement, but I stayed with it.  While it's not the most memorable thing I read this year, it was worth the time.  Character development is quite good, but interestingly it's some of the minor characters who are the most vivid for me. A mother in one family, a father in another, a cop - all left me feeling "I know this person." The main characters, while appealing enough to keep me interested in their fates, were less vivid overall.
 Very predictable. Halfway through, the heroes thought they had it figured out, but there were still 150 pages left so I knew it wasn't who they thought and kind of figured out who did it by process of elimination.  Just not a complex plot, read or characters.  No real character development.  Sure, there was a little background on them, but a very superficial read.  Some of the story was really not plausible.  I'm a very practical person and thought on numerous occasions that it wouldn't happen that way in real life....it just didn't seem real.  I only gave it 2 stars cause I didn't hate it and I really don't understand how it got 4.5 stars.  I like a book with more depth to the plot, somewhat seemingly realistic events and character development and this book just doesn't have it.
 I must say I was a bit excited to read this book. I thought the suspense would keep me intrigued since it was a change from the other books. Needless to say, on a scale from 1-5 (1 being I hated it and 5 being I loved it) I would give this book a 3. I thought the suspense was definitely there, but at times it felt long winded. Some chapters (I felt) consisted of unnecessary details with how certain things unfolded. For example Joe, the protagonist, would explain how he would put someone in a choke hold and would explain how he did it to the T. I guess that could be good for people are into the details, but I just wanted to get straight to the point lol. Overall, I felt the book wrapped up nicely and didn't leave anything unanswered. This was an interesting read.
 This was a great book to read.  Too many times I feel like writers try to be shocking or overly descriptive to stand out and I'm annoyed because there are times I just want a nice story that slowly builds along with the character descriptions. This was an instance where I kept reading and didn't want to put the book down because it was truly enjoyable.  Some people may think the "meet cute" of the characters are a little too predictable or they may complain about the ending, but I would tell those people to shush. I was actually bummed when I finished the book because I wanted more.  I will definitely check out the other books the author has written.
 I don't often read books by male authors because of gratuitous use of profanity and graphic sexual content. The reviews for this one were indicative of a great story, relatively clean. And it is. Beautiful character development made me engage with the plot all the way through. I was right there with them feeling what they were feeling. This was a truly gripping suspense story.
 I did something with this book I had never done before:  I listened to the complete audio recording before I had read the book or read the book concurrently with listening.  Listening to the story and relying solely on my hearing certainly lent an extra element of suspense to a story that exploded off the page.  Just when I thought it couldn't get any more tense, the author teases and tugs the reader along to experience even more.  It's your fault, Mr. Eskens, that I was listening to this at three o'clock in the morning.  Kudos as well to Zach Villa who did an exemplary job.  I will look forward to work from them both.
 A well written mystery about a college student and an English assignment.  Caricature development is extremely well done.  Wasn't sure if I'd like the book for the first chapter or so, but got drawn into the caricatures the author developed.  If you like good writing with a very well thought out plot that takes a few unexpected turns you'll enjoy this book.<br/>Winner of Left Coast Crime Rosebud Award / Best Debut Mystery<br/>Winner of Barry Award / Best Paperback Original<br/>Minnesota Book Award Finalist / Best Genre Novel<br/>Anthony Award Finalist / Best First Novel<br/>ITW Thriller Awards Finalist / Best First Novel
 I selected this book for my book club based on all the 4 and 5 star reviews as well as the plot description and accolades on the back cover.  What a disappointment! I felt like I was watching an episode of Macgyver or one of the CSI series. So unbelievable is the plot progression and character interaction.  I kept hoping it would get better,but,unfortunately did not.  I dread trying to lead an intelligent discussion of this one as well as justifying my selection of this book.  Please do not waste your time or money.
 I read about 30 to 40 books a year and I have never read a book that pulled me into the head and hearts of the main characters; so much so that I found myself tearing up towards the end of the book and hoping that someone out there would buy the movie rights to the book I would love to see it made into a movie.  In the beginning of the book, as most people would, I disliked the person in the story who was suppose to be the rapist/murderer.  I'm sure that is what the author wanted, however, about 1/3 of the way through the book the story line got turned upside down with additional characters being added into the story line.  I have to say that with my favorite authors being Robin Cook, Micheal Palmer, Brad Meltzer, John Grisham I have a new author to add to my list and have already purchased the other 2 books written by Mr. Eskens with the hope that he continues writing a little faster.  Authors don't write fast enough for me I hate having to wait for their next book so I do hope he is a fast writer!
 I enjoyed this book about a college student and his English assignment. He is interviewing a person from a nursing home, who just happens to be a convicted murderer of heinous repute: the man had raped, killed, and burned the body of a young woman decades earlier.  The book is filled with memorable characters, including the student's autistic brother (filled with charm), his horrendous drunk mother, and his father, who displays are foxy side in this story.  In fact, the total character development is very good, and this story comes  alive,  honest and believable.<br/><br/>The co-star of the story, Mr. Iverson, is himself a memorable character who is totally fleshed-out by the author.<br/><br/>The clever plot has wonderful twists and a I think this is one that most readers would enjoy.  For my part, I enjoyed it 5-stars worth, and I hope to read more by this author.
 Many book reviews I have read use the term ‘page turner’ to describe their experience in reading a particular book- sometimes deservedly so sometimes not. I read this book in one day because I could not put it down. Definitely in the top 10 novels for suspense and emotion I have ever read. My only complaint was I searched for ‘biographies’ in looking for books to read but this was a novel about a college student who had to write a biography for a college class. I was about half way through the book before I realized to my disappointment it was a novel. Nonetheless it was a superbly written story that I couldn’t put down and didn’t want it to end.
 The back cover kind of led me to believe that this book was a little different than it actually was.  It made it seem like it was more about the relationship between the main character and a dying man with a checkered past.  In reality it was mostly a straight mystery novel.  Not a bad book, but not very suspenseful or surprising for what it is.
 I was excited about all of the great reviews of this book, and the fact that it received several awards.  However, the story turned out to be very predictable, and hence not much of a mystery.  This was a  very disappointing read, and not one that I would recommend to others.
 I really enjoyed this book! The characters are real and the mystery keeps you hooked. Personally, I appreciated Joe's struggles to deal with his dysfunctional family while trying to have a life of his own. Joe handled relationships involving autism and the elderly with exceptional grace and that moved me. Joe is a guy that you root for all of that way! I liked this book enough that, upon finishing it and realizing that there will be an upcoming sequel, I immediately pre-ordered it ..... not something I often do!
 If you start reading this book you will not put it down. It is that good. I bought two copies of this book, one for me and the other for a soldier that I adopted. I had to buy a copy on my kindle because the letters in the book were small. So the second paperback went to my second soldier I adopted. I do hope they enjoy it as much as I have.<br/><br/>Read the story of Joe's life. He should be as dysfunctional as his mom, but he chose to overcome his rough childhood. Then he topped his life off with meeting Carl Iverson. Carl put the cherry on top of Joe's banana split.
 This book didn't live up to the hype.  There was too much crammed in and a college kid working on a journalism project was the wrong protagonist to solve a decades old murder case.  The author used gimmicks to further the narrative (The protagonist was a bouncer so he knew how to fight the bad guys) and...<br/><br/>SPOILERS<br/><br/>the ending was too clean and wrapped up.  The characters were mostly one dimensional with little development beyond how they fit into the narrative.  Attempts at depth fell a little short (The brooding girl with a past, the friend who owes the main character his life etc.)  The good news is it's a quick read.
 4 Stars. This is a great, fast read. It completely held my attention from cover to cover.<br/><br/>SYNOPSIS<br/>Joe Talbert is not your average, happy go lucky,  21 year old college student. He has overcome many obstacles to become a student at the University of Minnesota; most of which are related to his mother and her combination of bi-polar disorder and alcohol abuse.  He manages to work, make it to all his classes, live on a very tight budget and serve as back up caretaker for his autistic 18 year old brother.<br/><br/>When Joe is assigned a paper in his biography class and has to find an older person to write about, he heads to a retirement home and is introduced to a Vietnam veteran who is also convinced murderer and rapists, Carl Iverson, he is hesitant to engage.  He decides, at the very least, it will make an interesting biography project. But once he starts digging into the case, he realizes that things are not as they seem. Joined by his new friend/ love interest next door neighbor, he becomes fixated on finding out what really happened on the day in 1980 that Crystal Hagen was murdered and Carl's life changed forever.<br/><br/>WHAT I LOVED<br/>This is not your average psychological thriller, it has many other elements as well:<br/>family struggles, escaping ones past, mental disorders, abuse and love. While the mystery unraveling is the main plot of the story, there were many other things going on in the characters lives.<br/><br/>I liked Esken's writing style; he kept the plot going and didn't waste many words  describing scenery, feelings, people etc., just enough so the reader gets the idea.  I think I've been reading too many books lately where I have to skim page after page of overblown descriptions, it was refreshing to not have that in this book.<br/><br/>I liked how none of the characters were perfect but they all had redeeming qualities. All of the characters had their own baggage / secrets, most of the characters (with the exception of a couple) used their past mistakes and struggles to become stronger and better.<br/><br/>The plot was very very solid, well thought out and didn't have an excess of well placed 'coincidences' like many other books of this genre tend to have. I really couldn't find any plot holes.<br/><br/>Again, loved to plot. It kept me completely engaged.<br/><br/>WHAT I DIDN'T LOVE<br/>There was only scene in the book I didn't find believable (I'm not going to be specific because it would be a spoiler). Joe, who is normally pretty street smart, does something so blatantly dumb that it was hard to believe and was out of character for him. Ill leave it at that. When you read this book ( which you definitely should if you like this genre even a little), you'll know what I'm talking about. I was able to ignore it and still enjoy the story.<br/><br/>OVERALL<br/>Don't miss this one. It's completely worth your time.
 Good story - a different twist on a mystery (coming from someone who rarely reads mysteries). This book won't change your life, but it's a fast moving story and pretty well written. Kept me interested to the end.
 The Life We Bury drew me in immediately. I usually only give a book 5 pages. It was hard to put down. I immediately loved the characters... maybe because they were not cookie cutter perfect. They had flaws like real people. I liked the pace and the conclusion and look forward to reading all of Allen Eskens work. Pretty sure I am and Allen Eskens follower now like I have been of Harlan Coben and Tami Hoag for years.<br/><br/>As a side note I purchased The Life We Bury because of all the great reviews on Amazon!
 Really enjoyed this book. The author took great care to describe characters, events, locations and actions to give the reader a great understanding of each. I was able to imagine the scenes and characters from the wonderfully detailed descriptions. The suspense was quick moving and I was never lost in the story. I will read this authors' other books. Excellent suspense. Kept drawing me back in, I wanted to continue reading when there were a thousand other things I should be doing. To me, that's a sign of a good book!
 I expected to like this book...but was not expecting a thriller. Towards the end, I was glancing nervously at the last few pages of the book, afraid for a not-so-happy ending. The support characters and peripherals to the everyday life of Joe Talbert were involved early on so that the reader develops familiarity and fondness for Lila (neighbor and partner in crime), his autistic brother Jeremy, and the dying Carl Iverson--or else not at all (i.e., Talbrt's abusive mother and BF Larry). For every knock Joe gets either physically or psychologically, the eventual lifts makes you feel like you're soaring--the sort of feeling you get after watching a good Disney movie. A very well done first novel!
 I wanted to give this book 4-1/2 stars, but there's no way to do this online.  This was a gripping crime thriller, and full of heart at the same time.  I really like this author’s style.  I flipped through the pages (on a Kindle) at a fast pace, so anxious to find out what happens next.  The description above tells the story, but I’m here to tell you how deeply I felt these characters.  You either love them or hate them, and that, of course, may mean they are painted with a wide brush.  Nevertheless, I was spellbound and intend to read more of Mr. Eskins books!
 This is a very interesting book, easy to read, yet with many layers like an onion.  As the layers are peeled back, we find out about the buried lives of the different characters whose lives collide over an English assignment one of them has set out to complete.  The book also speaks to how we can rise above our past or be engulfed  and destroyed by it and it's also a cautionary tale about reserving judgment. It has an interesting plot, action-adventure, a love story, plenty of twists and turns, and is a very enjoyable read.  I do sort of think the bad guy at the end (and no, I won't tell you who it is) is just a tad chatty, as they often are in movies, but otherwise it's great.  I think it would be a great book club book as there's a lot to talk about.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the characters in this book. The main character was especially endearing as he was lacking in self confidence as well as facing many personal obstacles so I was happy whenever he had small successes. And he did set out to accomplish quite a task of writing an old man's biography while dealing with a difficult mother and a brother with developmental disabilities. Add to that a girl next door and I fell in love with all these people. Will definitely read this author again.
 I stumbled into this mystery, a story with a solid plot and excellent characters, a rare mix. Joe and Lila are damaged protagonists that I could relate to. They bring warmth and live as well as fear and limitations that affect their search for a murderer. Joe's brother Jeremy doesn't quite feel like most people I've known on the autism spectrum, but this slight flatness did not detract.<br/><br/>The plot twists often caught me by surprise but all but one felt natural, like it wasn't a twist so much as me missing the right viewpoint. One was a stretch for me, but I won't discuss this since it would be a spoiler.<br/><br/>A page-turner that also had deeper themes, The Life We Bury is a excellent novel.
 This book was one of the best I've read in awhile.  The characters in the storyline were well developed and believable.  Regardless of the circumstances surrounding them, there was always a thread of hope that things would work out.  I think there are probably many people who could/can relate to the dysfunctional family units and also how scarring war can be to a soldier.  I would highly recommend taking the time to read this novel.
 I was drawn to this book because its setting is in Austin, Minnesota, my home state, and because it presented autism in a positive light. Unfortunately, the solution to the mystery was obvious from about one third of the book in. Actually, I kept hoping I was wrong, but, no, it was entirely predictable. The entire reason the man who was originally convicted of the crime did not fight the conviction was illogical and resulted in other victims. Quite honestly, the book needed a good editor to tell the author to rethink the entire plot.
 This book was beyond amazing. The strength and courage that these kids showed in order to prove one man innocent of a 30 year old murder touched my heart through this whole book. Joe, Jeremy and Lila has became my new favorite characters thus far. Joe was the big brother that Jeremy needed in his life, mom only cared about her alcohol and men. Jeremy is 18 and has autism but is such a great and sweet young man. This book will have you wanting to cry, be angry and wonder why people do some of the things they do. I recommend this book to everyone. It will stick with you for a long time.
 I bought the book thinking it had to do with the dying Vietnam veteran by the name of Carl Iverson. Unfortunately the story goes for 10% about Carl Iverson and the remaining 90% goes about something completely different. At  a certain point it even scared me to continue reading this book. I will not go into details but you'll be the judge of deciding what overal rating this book should get. For me a three was the highest I could give the author.
 The start was a bit slow, but once I got interested in the story this book was hard to put down.  The plot was interesting and the story line kept me wanting to read and find out what would happen next, but after Joe went to the step-dad's place the story took a fast left turn.  It went from suspenseful and what are they going to discover next to Hmmm... that's a little fast-paced and more like a cop movie.  Overall the book was worth the read, but I think Allen Eskens could have come up with a better ending - Don't pass this up just because of nearly the end though.
 Loved it.  A young man with responsibilities - drunk mother, autistc brother - interviews a convicted murderer dying and in a nursing home, for a college assignment.  The more he learns, he begins to realize that this man may actually be innocent.  This is fast moving, good character development and you won't be able to put it down!
 This book is about 2 young college students, an elderly ex con who had been falsely accused of murder, and how they proved his innocence by putting themselves in extreme peril. This feels like a true crime story with young love and trust built in. The real killer had to be found, and the kids went through frightening and perilous times to find him and prove his guilt. Their trust and love grew as they proved who the actual killer was.  The book was fast paced.  I read it in one session. Like I said, I couldn’t put it down.
 This is a book filled with thoughtful reflection and merciless tension. A gripping combination. Eskens has a knack for giving his reader a vivid sense of place populated by characters who are impossible to dismiss. This fellow can tell a story and never for a second have you see his hand in it. We end up witnesses rather than reader. He's created a mystery that will have you missing appointments and neglecting phone calls.
 This novel is extremely well-written.  A hallmark of this is that I had to look up the meaning of many many words.  And they were used extremely well by the author.  The plot is very subtle as the book begins.  It's a nice look at undergraduate education at a large midwestern U.  Ok!  But about 1/3 into the novel  the plot explodes and keeps exploding, making the reader want to keep reading until the final resolution.  Unfortunately, a long the way, the plot almost is uncontrollable and a suspension of belief for most readers. But thank good ness the author reels it in and makes for a satisfying denoument.  A very satisfying novel.
 This book was unexpected. What starts off as a college student reluctantly interviewing a convicted murderer as a class assignment steadily turns into something much more. The characters are well developed, aside from the mother, who is a predictably bad mother, but her actions help create the main character of Joe Talbert, shape his drive in life, and mold the character he becomes. The storyline of Joe, his family, and murderer Carl Iverson is well thought out, intriguing, thought provoking, amusing, suspenseful, and immensely gratifying.
 I bought this book as a gift,however,after re reading the back cover,i decided it wasn't the type of story my friend would like. I was wrong,this book was excellent,a very good read. Loved the main character and the supporting players,especially Jeremy..very believable story line. I liked the writing style and will read his future books. I guess I'll pass it on to my friend now.
 The Life We Bury was a very pleasant surprise, one that I couldn't put down once I started it. The Author, Allen Eskens, brings a sharp and witty knowledge of the justice system and intertwines a college-age love story with the story of redemption for a man wrongly convicted of a grisly rape and murder thirty years earlier. The man, dying of cancer, becomes the project for college student Joe Talbert and along the way he gets more than he bargained for. The writing is excellent, the storytelling superb, and the twists and turns along the way keep the pages turning. Well done, Mr. Eskins. As a fellow author, I salute you for one fine novel.  Ron Parham, author of Molly's Moon, Copperhead Cove and Festival of Fear.
 I probably should recuse myself from rating this book since Allen is my cousin. It is rare that I read fiction but I read this book because, again, he's my cousin. I have to admit, I nearly stopped in the first couple of chapters because my OCD (which I call CDO so that the letters are in the correct order) almost got the better of me. There were a couple on inconsistencies in the beginning; but, if you're not a baseball fan, it won't notice the first one (and you probably won't notice any of the ones I did - again, CDO). Anyway, look past the initial inconsistencies and enjoy a very well written book. I like the short chapters which make it easier to have a stopping point (if you're not reading it in one sitting) and to understand the shift from one character / thought to another. It is also a great writing technique to instill a sense of action and intrigue into the reader's psyche. The story line is one that most can relate and it is told in a way to engage the reader fully. And, who doesn't like a somewhat happy ending?<br/><br/>Again, I'm not usually a reader of fiction; but I highly recommend this book to all readers.
 The first 60% of this book was not just good it was Excellent.  Very well written, full of intrigue, kept me very, very interested.  The last 40% was also well written but less believable and very predictable.  A little too many coincidences to make it a great book.  The ending was a bit over the top for one thing that happened.  I won't mention that part as it would spoil the book for someone.  I think this author did a very good job and he deserves the 4.5 stars he has been given.  All in all this was an outstanding read.  I would highly recommend this book.
 I can see what all the fuss is about. Allen Eskens has written a d*nm near perfect book. All of it. The pacing, the mystery, the characters, the narration, the action, the senseless crime and love story--all of it, as good as it gets. Joe is such a likable narrator. He's unique, still has an edge, and a big heart. We follow him because we believe in him and everything he does. There is no convenience or shortcuts taken. This is what modern mysteries are supposed to be: page turning, evocative, popcorn thrillers with a lot of heart and soul. The tender touches with Lila, the parental concern for his brother, the gamut of emotions swirling around Carl--all these are deft strokes pulled off with effortless aplomb. This will be one of the best books you read all year, guaranteed.
 I just received this book today and finished it 7 1/2 hours later.  The Life We Bury is one of the most uplifting and exciting books I have ever read!  I couldn’t put it down because the storyline was exciting and tense but in the end I will NEVER forget the life altering  experience it gave me!!  Allen Eskens my hat is off to you and I will look for ANY other books you’ve written and I will read them ALL!!  Thank you!!!  For those of you reading this review Do Not Delay in reading this Awesome Story
 The Life We Bury held my attention from beginning to end and was pleasurable enough. However, there are quite a few things that did not convince me at all. I did not find Carl convincing. He is too wise and his character never gets enough depth to justify that. His motive for wanting punishment is not convincing either. Lila's past is not convincing and has no depth. It is kind of thrown into the story just to try and make her a whole character. The way the mystery is solved, all of a sudden, is too simplistic. I liked Joe pretty much although some of his actions could have been done by a 12- year-old, while others are very responsible and adult. I found his relationship with his brother quite deep and well defined.
 Great great story, loved the characters, they were real and true to life. So many kids out there like Joe and Lila! But the story lies with Carl! A man convicted of a crime and in the  last months of his life, a breathe of fresh air steps into Carl's life and starts digging for truth! But that's when life for Joe gets interesting and dangerous! Joe finds an itch he just has to scratch even though to Carl its way past the time to come clean with the truth! But truth has a way of wanting out in the open and Joe is the one to do<br/>It. Great read -- please give it try, you won't be disappointed!
 If you enjoy watching Forensic Files or Cold Case Files, you'll enjoy this book. It is a 30 year old mystery being solved in present day. The impending death of one of the main characters gives the book a sense of urgency and suspense throughout. The necessarily ugly details of the murder and present day violence that the main character goes through is not presented in such graphic detail as to make you sick the way some such details are conveyed by other authors and in crime shows.
 This is a 5 star story, in my estimate. I was caught from the first paragraph. This young man, the protagonist, is up against  so much. Not the stuff of fantasy, but the stuff of !I've.<br/><br/>He has has the cards stacked against him from birth. Anyone who has suffered through life with an alcoholic parent will relate. Add to this, the nightmare of having an autistic sibling that you love,but are I'll equipped to care for, well it is tough.<br/><br/>An assignment leads him down a path that will have you caught up in no time. There us a love interest - but it is not trite.  Gripping and fast paced.<br/><br/>You will not regret this purchase.
 I very much loved this book! I was looking for something new and decided on this one as it was on some book club lists I looked up.  I did click "suspenseful" but I also saw it as very "thoughtful" . There were a few parts in there I would take pictures of and post just because I loved the way it was written and it made you think or just sit back and say 'hm..' at what he would say or do (in a good way). I highly recommend this book to anyone wanting a well written read.
 This was an excellent read.  The characters, especially the protagonist, are real and believable.  The conflict was multi pronged and effective.  This is a very easy book to be absorbed into and emerge from several hours later wondering where the time went.  The poor protagonist was pounded so often and thoroughly that its a good thing the book ended when it did or they would have had to bury the pieces of him that could be found in a match box.  So many of the so called "literary" books of today have no particular beginning, wander around for most of the book and fizzle out rather than end.  "The Life We  Bury" is not one of those pompous wheezes.  I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone who likes good fiction well written.
 It was just okay.  I got "The Life We Bury" because it received so much praise.  I expected surprising, even shocking, twists and turns but there weren't any.  It wasn't suspenseful and I never believed the heroes were truly in danger.  Will pass on this author's other books.
 This was a selection for one of my book clubs. It was really slow starting, and I wondered if I would finish reading it in time for the discussion next week. But it improved as I got to know Joe, his autistic brother Jeremy, and Carl Iverson, the subject of Joe's biography assignment for his college English class. Carl is in a nursing home dying of pancreatic cancer, 30 years after he was convicted of murdering a teenaged girl. Carl has one friend, Virgil, from his time in Viet Nam, who is sure Carl is innocent. Joe's visits with Carl to get his story, bring out things in Joe's life that he wished he could forget, and help him to make a connection with Carl. As Joe gets deeper into Carl's history, he finds himself trying to solve the mystery, and determine if Carl was the monster portrayed at his trial.<br/><br/>With the help of his housemate and his autistic brother, they are able to solve parts of the puzzle which leads Joe further into a dangerous adventure. The last half of the book is a thriller, a real page-turner. I'm glad I didn't give up on it.
 great story teller.  started this for a  new book club but I couldn't stop reading it!  good peek into some Vietnam war situations and how people are dealing with them.  A good look at some dysfunctional family life issues with a disabled sibling.  Lots of current topics touched on in a warm and understanding way.  Add some great excitement at the end and it makes for a good read.
 Only about halfway through the book, (August is always crazy for me) but wow. The story is so engaging. I'm a Minnesotan so I love that the book takes place in MN. The main character is so relatable. My childhood was so unbelievably different from his, but for some reason it's so easy for me to feel what he's going through/went through. As for the main track of the story; what a brilliant way to take a situation that many college students have encountered and spin it to make it into a compelling, almost crime, story. Beautifully written.
 I became aware of "The Life We Buried" when I saw it listed as an Edgar nominee for "Best Debut Crime Fiction" novel.  I think the strongest point of the book is its plot - a college student interviews a dying convict accused of raping and killing a high school thirty years ago.  Because of his pancreatic cancer, Carl has been released to a nursing home with three months to live. As the interviews progress,  Joe, the student biographer, begins to doubt Carl's guilt and begins his own investigation.  It is at this point, that the story takes a different fork in the road than the one I expected and would have preferred. Joe pursues his investigation with the help of his charming neighbor-student, Lila, and the focus shifts away from Carl's interviews.  At this point the story becomes a rather average crime fiction/thriller with the required twist and happy ending.  But, good characters, nice subplots re an autistic character and Carl's VietNam experiences.  A solid 4, could have been a 5 - and doesn't match one of the other nominees in the category, "Bad Country", but a worthwhile read nevertheless.
 Ohmigosh!  I had never heard of Allen Eskens before this book, and honestly cannot remember how or why the book found its way into my Amazon cart.....but this was one of the best books I've read in a long time.  The characters were so normal - it felt like they were one of my friends - but not boring in any way, shape, or form.  The plot and it's twists and turns kept me interested right through the last paragraph.  I read this almost in one sitting - it was that good.  I'd love to write more praises about this author, but am going to stop right now and go order another book of his...  Great read!  Loved it....
 "The Life we Bury" is a satisfying read, full of the mysteries of life and draws you in to a cold Minnesota in winter.  All the characters in the novel have a buried past of pain that they triumphantly overcome and the reader will feel empathy for them. I think the title might be a nod to the "The Things They Carried", the famous Vietnam novel by Tim O'Brien.  "The Life we Bury" is written by a lawyer who knows the law and the craft of writing fiction. There are some great sentences in the book. I worked in a law firm for 35 years, but it is not a given that every lawyer can become an accomplished novelist.  "The Life we Bury" could become an interesting series with the college kid going on to be a detective or PI. The kid's a fearless investigator as well as a good fighter and very capable of carrying the world on his shoulders. Bravo and thank you Mr. Eskens for a great book!
 This was a book I had not heard of, but my daughter told me that is was very good, and she was right.  I could not put it down.  It is about two very likable college students, one of whom's English assignment was to write about the life of an older person.  Little did he know the person he would find in a local retirement home would be a convicted murderer dying of cancer whose case was never really proven.  From there the twists and turns were hard to predict, and just when you thing you know what is going to happen - I will say no more..
 I did enjoy The Life We Bury, but it is not a classic.<br/>The author has a good sense of dialogue, and characters are fairly well drawn. What I was less than thrilled with was how heavily plot driven it was.<br/>Other reviewers have remarked about the number of plot twists, and they are right. Too many. Too unbelievable.<br/>That said, this is a good beach read, or a distraction from other plodding reading.
 Wow!  This book is a great story with well-developed characters. I read that it was an Edgar Award finalist and I suspected it would be great.  The author creates characters that a reader can care about.  Joe Talbert is a college student assigned an interesting writing project.  He needs write a biography on a person he has never met.  He chooses a convicted rapist and murderer as his subject.  Joe has an autistic brother and an aloof neighbor whom he would like to get to know better.  The seeming innocuous assignment lead to mystery, danger, new relationships and a whole lot of growing up.
 Allen writes very well. He expresses thoughts and feelings in a subtly artistic fashion but keeping the originality of the feeling alive, unlike other authors who bury the genuineness of the thought deep within the metaphor. His writing flows lucidly through your head while being simple and real and not bogged down by heavy words trying to buy literary credit.<br/><br/>I just wish he wrote other genres that crime. I would love to see his style of writing on a story which is more emotional / closer to the soul / life / meaning.
 This book is so good. You get swept away with the story and pulled into what's going on very early on in the book. The characters are great and the story has so many twists it's hard to see them coming. I found myself thinking about the characters and their issues even after I finished the book thinking how their future would look and how they'll make out now with everything that happened. If that isn't a sign of a good book with strong characters I don't know what is.
 I had to edit my review because I reviewed what wasn't there.  Because I will be discussing this book at a book group I skimmed back through it to help recall the story.  Even though I only wanted to quickly review, I found myself re-reading chunks of this book.  I got re-immersed in the break crumbs Joe was following, maybe even more than I had at first.  And I realized, this book has quite a lot to offer for a book in this genre.  Murder mysteries are not my book genre of choice but I've read a few.  Although the truth about who might have murdered the girl all those years ago was pretty easy to guess, I enjoyed following our flawed hero unravel the truth.  That, along with some truly masterful writing, has driven me to come back and revise my original review.  Which was about what I'd hoped for in this book.  More in-depth knowledge of the interesting characters.  Not necessarily a reasonable ask for a book like this.  Though I'll say, I hope this author goes on to write some more character driven books because I think there's some potential for truly memorable prose.
 Enough twists and surprises to make this a recommended read.  The writing is okey--seems to be the work of a new writer who is honing their craft.  I think the writer will be putting out better in the future.  The plotting is good and original.  I thought it had too many elements in it originally:  the dying murderer, the unlucky student with an autistic brother and worthless mother, etc.  But, I hung in and the revealing of the puzzle pieces and the surprises within made this a satisfying read.
 This will keep the reader in suspense until the end. University student Joe Talbert has an English project due and decides interview a resident of a local nursing home. Carl Iverson is dying and he's a convicted murderer. Joe also has family issues with his alcoholic mother and autistic brother; he has a lot of balls in the air. He likes a girl in the next apartment to him and between the two of them they find clues that Carl might be innocent. The relationship between Joe and Lila develops slowly as she has some drama from her past. This is such a suspenseful well balanced story that if you like a good mystery you won't be disappointed. Diamondgirl
 Okay, I was at first disappointed with this book. With all the accolades, I expected something more literary. Still, the characters and growth drew me in, and, in the end, I really came to love the book. I can't quite bring myself to give it a full five stars, but I don't like leaving it with only four, either. It earned a solid four and a half stars, even though I didn't care for the author's world view.<br/><br/>Great story and well-developed characters that I want to hear from again.
 I couldn't wait to get back to this book when I put it down.  I thought I knew "who-done-it"  then I didn't - then I did....  I'm usually so good at these things!  But it's the story itself, leading up to it's conclusion that had me turning the pages. It's tough to find a book that has it all - characters that are interesting, believable, and likable - situations that are suspenseful without going overboard in believability;  this was a well thought out story, and I highly recommend The Life We Bury.  I'm looking forward to reading more by Allen Eskens.
 I rarely read crime mysteries. I usually focus on historic novels as that is what I write. I am getting ready to publish a novel and wanted to see why this one is such a hit.  I found out! I cannot say how this compares to other books in this category, but it is one of the best books I have read and I read 50 to 60 a year.  Mr. Eskens is a gifted story teller and extremely knowledgeable. Absolutely top notch in my opinion.
 I ate this novel up like a delicious dessert.  The hero seemed like a regular Joe trying to overcome his unhappy past life as the child of an addictive, selfish mother.  He had his demons as did the heroine.  This book teemed with the good in people and how the most ordinary people have greatness in them.<br/><br/>From the opening page. I couldn't put this down. It interrupted my life in a good way.<br/><br/>The author loved his protaganists, warts and all.<br/><br/>Bravo!
 I enjoyed this book and just finished it a few minutes ago. Towards the last third, I was casting it in my mind as I think it would make a terrific movie. The story seems run of the mill and just when you think that, there's a twist. It kept me riveted and I found I didn't want to put it down. Is it great writing? No. But it's good solid writing. The narration and dialogue definitely developed the characters and moved the plot along. However, there were too many similes for me which became distracting. However, I liked that there were several purposes to the story and the outcomes satisfied many characters. Some reviewers have likened this novel to a Grisham story and that may well be - he's doing OK - and sometimes we need to have stories that are good to get into, rather than mind bending intellectual activities.
 It is written in a thoughtful, almost poetic style on issues like autism, alcoholism, Vietnam War atrocities, love, romance, justice, murder, rape, and building relationships. The final chapters are suspenseful and violent, not my choice of reading material. But I did like the unrealistic ending.
 This is a wonderful book! This is the first book that I've read by this author, and I'm very pleased. It was captivating from the first chapter. It is a very easy read, yet captivating enough to make you feel as if you are in the story with the characters. I finished the book in two days, I simply could not stop reading!
 Started reading this book while on a trip a few months ago and only read about 20%  because the story seamed too predictable. I decided to give it another try yesterday and didn't stop until I finished the entire book.  It has some interesting parts that relate to some things I've recently heard about from other news items.  I found the plot somewhat predictable but was still interested enough to finish the book.  I would definitely recommend it as a good quick read.  Interesting how things people try to hide their wrongdoings and it still eats them alive.  Be sure your sins will find you out!
 I highly enjoyed myself. The short chapters made progressing through the book easier, but that's not really a concern when the story starts to pick up. Act 1, of course, outlines the characters. They're quite judgmental and not very likable characters at first. In Act 2, there's certainly more to the story as you unravel more of the characters' pasts (don't want to give anything away) and Act 3 has the page-turning action. Overall, very fun to read. I bought two more books from Mr. Eskens and look forward to delving into those mysteries soon!
 This was a story about a man who had been on death row but who was wrongly convicted, although the main character, a young student, does not know this initially. The student is  meeting with the older man, who is in a rest home and who is dying, in order to complete a writing project for a class. Eventually the student and his girlfriend figure out who the true guilty people are with regards to the original case. The two of them become enmeshed and they are at terrible risk. The entire thing is very exciting and in fact terrifying. The ending is satisfying, but do not read if you want to relax.. I am a criminal defense attorney and I thought that the author who is a defense attorney did a great job.
 "Page-turner" is an overused superlative, but it really applies here. Loved this author's clean but apt style.  What a tale he's spun here.  Nothing trite nor predictable. Loved it!<br/>That was my initial reaction after having just finished the book.  Read some reviews thereafter, out of curiosity.  Must say that some of the less enthusiastic ones had some merit to them--some felt the characters were one-dimensional and the plot line (relationship between old and young person) was over-used.  But I thought that the development of the main character, which explained some of his actions, was good.  All seemed to concur that the book kept your interest, which was probably the biggest reason for my enthusiasm.  Leaving my rating as is.
 This book will have you hooked in the first few pages. There is a perfect balance of mystery, suspense, romance, and drama, giving you an amazing story. You will fall in love with Carl because the author describes him and narrates him in such a way that you believe he is innocent from the beginning. I highly recommend this book. It has a touch of a love story between Joe and Lila, but it is not a mushy sexual story where a lot of authors throw in intimate scenes as fillers. I just all around enjoyed this book. I was never bored or scanning through for a climax. The Story flowed greatly to each page and was so intriguing that you had to keep reading,...I could not put it down.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Great first effort by what I'm sure is an up-and-coming author.  I found the hero quite enjoyable and believable.  Struggling with his own past demons while trying to reconcile his present issues.  I loved the line that went, "And how the hell did I become the parent in this wreck of a family."  Pretty well describes the situation he found himself in as he came of age.  I found the other characters -- the autistic brother, the originally aloof next door neighbor, the originally non-believing detective, and especially the dying veteran -- quite believable and appropriate to the total story.  The bad guys were really bad, and the good guys were really good.  Can't go wrong with that formula.  This was a page turner that I was reluctant to put down.  I will look forward to this author's future projects.
 I really enjoyed this book. I felt like I was watching a movie. Fast pace and very intriguing.
 I loved this novel . Prior to reading it , I read a synopsis ; I wasn't too impressed . I decided to go for it , and wow , so glad I did . It was engaging from start to finish . Beautiful story flow which never backed down .
 I absolutely Loved this book ! I am not a fancy review writer, But I cared so very much for joe and his plight... I could not put my earphones away. I primarily listen to audiobooks these days because i have so much going on. I'm pretty picky about Narrators. This Narrator was just right. He embodied the voice of what you would expect Joe to sound like. I will share it with my people. Thank you Mr. Eskens.
 I could not put this book down.  It's about a young man in Minnesota who goes off to college, leaving his alcoholic mother and autistic brother at home.  One of his school projects is to write a biography of someone and he picks a black vet who has served years in prison for the rape and murder of a white girl.  The man has been released to a nursing home because he is dying of cancer.  The student begins to examine the case leading down a dangerous and exciting path.  If there were more than 5 stars to rate this book, I would give it 6!
 This was a very quick read, largely due to the lack of character development and a predictable storyline. Although it did start off slightly intriguing with a noble concept, it quickly dissipated, leaving me with a feeling that I had wasted time just watch an episode of CSI. I honestly lost count of the times a stopped reading just tonclose the book to roll my eyes (at no one). Again, concept was good, execution was poor. Ultimately a disappointment and I am unclear on the high ratings as I can usually at least see or ubderstand the reasoning behind the high reviews even when my personal opinions don't neccisarly align.
 The Life We Bury is a great read!  In the beginning, I felt myself being lulled into a sort of hopelessness until the main character, Joe Talbert, begins to come alive as he digs deeper and deeper into the life of Carl Iverson...and inadvertently unburdens his own demons.  After that, there is no putting this book down!  Through places of cold brutality to human vulnerability and tenderness, Allen Eskens takes us on a journey that left me breathless until the very end, bringing me back to a poignant place of remembrance of what really matters in life.
 Joe never expected that his college writing assignment would lead him to a person that would change his life.  But that's exactly what happened when he met up with Carl, a medically paroled convict.<br/><br/>I picked this up one day and had completely finished it within 24 hours.  There's something absolutely gripping about this story.  The combination of a main character who the reader immediately feels for, with a gripping fast paced mystery, made this a book that I just couldn't put down.  For those readers looking for a book with a fast pace, this is the story for you as there is never a dull moment.  I'd fully recommend it.
 The concept was a good one, but the characters needed to be more fully developed to make them real and memorable.  In addition, problems were solved to easily and quickly to make the story truly believable.  For me, I opened the book and hit the ground with both feet running so to speak, but gradually became disappointed in the lack luster characters and the too-easily solved mystery.  With deeper character development and more realistic problem solving it could be a much better book.
 It’s a good book, sooo much better than the one I read last week, that author always on NY Times best seller fiction list. Eskens will be entertaining us for a long time, have added him to my favorites list that includes  Sanford,  Baldacci, Lescroat, Rosenfelt, Child, Flynn, Tappley, Crichton, Connelly, Meltzer, Thor, Clancy,  De Mille.... recently removed a big time name ...thanks for a great read, Allen Eskens!
 This was my first book by this author and I will probably read another.  I liked his writing style and the characterization. The story was about a college student who was supposed to find someone to write a biography about and came across a man in a retirement home who was convicted of murder.  As the story unfolds, he begins to have doubts as to whether or not the man was guilty, but even if he is innocent will have trouble proving it before he dies.  As a side character, the teenage boy with autism seemed very realistic.  His brother, the main character, was torn between taking care of him and pursuing his education. Things got a little crazy toward the ending of the book or I'd have given it five stars.  The character was supposed to be young, but even so, he made some rather reckless decisions. Still, that didn't stop me from enjoying the book.
 Lots of damaged people in this book.  Some over coming great hardships; others are just plain evil.  Great character development.  Wonderful fast paced story.  This would make a great movie.  It is two stories in one - woven together wonderfully.  Highly recommended.  The novel includes:  war, murder, rape, betrayal, cruelty, alcohol, evil, love, over coming, brothers, lovers, best friends, loyalty, cops, lawyers, secrets, and more.  I will definitely buy his next book!!!  This book deserves an A++++++++
 I really enjoyed this novel, set in the area in which I was raised.  You really understood Joe’s enthusiasm.  The only issue that I had with the book is that he was such a perfectionist, down to every last detail, yet he would go and do stupid things.  Not quite book smart, but common sense lacking, but close.<br/><br/>Even so, I thought it was a great book, and highly recommend it.
 Great read! So glad I stumbled on to this excellent thriller. Suspenseful, enjoyable with enough realness about the characters. I personally enjoyed the writer's ability to capture life of a kid just trying to make a go in life with hard choices and an even harder upbringing. Knowing that his every move is not autonomous but holds ramifications for others. Mr. Eskens provides  a wonderful voice for his characters and the world he created for them and us to experience. I can see a bit of every man in this world.
 I have been waiting for awhile to read a book that I couldn't put down.  This was it.  It would make an interesting movie with Clint Eastwood playing the older Carl Iverson and a younger actor (Shia LaBoeuf?) playing Joe Talbert.  There's even a part for Scott Eastwood playing the younger Carl Iverson in the Vietnam flashbacks.  I leave it to the rest of you to do the rest of the casting, but it could make a mesmerizing film and good luck getting to sleep until you finish it!
 Wow--I couldn't put this book down. The characters are richly developed; and plot threads, skillfully woven together. Joe and Lila are thoroughly likable college students who pursue the truth behind a decades old murder and give a dying man a gift of immense importance. The story has it all--romance, survival, caring for fellow humans, heroes and villains.
 I read this because of the autistic character as my son is on the spectrum and I like to see autism in mainstream fiction.  Its tough to portray it unless you live with it but the author did an ok job with that.  I liked the story but the demonic bad guy spouting bible scripture has been done to death so I was looking for something more interesting.  It was a B- book story that was an average read due to nice writing.
 I have to be honest... I bought this book because it ant he audible were inexpensive.  I listen to book on my drive to and from work.  As I said, I was looking for something inexpensive and happened upon this book.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The story was one that drew me in each morning and afternoon.  I was rooting for Joe and Lila from the start to finish.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book, especially the relationship between the protagonist and his younger brother who had autism. This book is primarily a mystery but the layers it uncovers about family relationships are deep. I have no criticism of the book: excellent writing, terrific characters who are flawed in such a way that you can't help but pull for them. It is a story of redemption. Superb.
 A promising first effort. Kind of all over the place, t.m.i.about the mother,could have delivered the whole mom story with less effort given to her short comings.Introduction of character would have sufficed. And the brother story wasn't necessary,could have established main characters strength and tenacity in other ways.<br/>So I'm looking forward to his latest book,the police/detective story line more interesting without all the side stories.
 If I could give half stars, I'd give this book a 3.5 rather than a 3 - and somewhere between okay and good for the writing. I liked the concept a great deal - student gets hooked on whether a dying convicted murderer really was guilty. The best question centers around the "murderer" was guilty of the murder he was convicted of - or of something else.<br/>There is a lot of "coincidence" in this book and I was willing enough to suspend disbelief. It kept my attention - and made me willing to consider other books by this author.
 Well written and easy to read. I will check out Eskens' other book as well. I did guess the real murderer early on, which is unusual for me. I would recommend to anyone who's looking for a fast and easy read. Protagonist seemed a little too experienced for his age, and I did wonder how his car got back to his residence after it was impounded. And where did he find the keys so fast for his return trip to Iowa?
 There are snatches of good writing here but too often the characters fall into "types" and too many of the situations have a "borrowed" quality to them. The mystery itself is sometimes less compelling than the protagonist's personal problems.
 This is an incredible effort for a debut novel.  The story is well-crafted, the characters are very finely drawn, the writing is adept, colorful, and you feel you get to know all of the characters, all of whom are quite well developed, even those who only have small ancillary parts to play in the story.  And, straight from the very first paragraph, it grabs you by the nose and says, "Come with me. I'm going to tell you a story."  I stayed up late and got up early just to get back to Joe and Carl, Lila, Jeremy, even the despicable mother, and the story inside and outside the story.  Lovely read.  Can't wait for Mr. Eskens next offering!
 I wasn't expecting much, usually when so many reviewers shout about some book, the book turns out to be way too shallow and stupid for my taste.  But this book was a big surprise.  All the characters are well developed to the point where you care about them, maybe even know people kind of like them.  Plus there's a good ending (which is important to me, I don't want reality, I want fantasy where people live happily ever after in the books I read).  It'll be interesting to see if Eskens is able to keep putting out stories that are as gripping and intriguing over the years ahead.
 Light reading but keeps you wanting to read the next chapter.  Could not believe how 5,000 people could review this and have it come out a 5.  One review from a Vietnam Vet said the writing about the war was very real.  I feel sad that that was true because it was a real horror.  Characters were interesting but for the most part pretty implausible.
 Very well written. First-person narrative with evocative imagery and well-crafted dialogue. The story was original, albeit formulaic. Predictability robs the reader of any suspense, but it's a story you want to hear out. Narration was excellent. I could hear a college student speaking with this voice. That was due both to the writing and the narration. I finished the book over a travel weekend, reading the last four chapters upon arriving home -- before beginning the task of unpacking.
 This was an excellent written psychological thriller.  It kept you waiting for another surrounding twist in the story. I would highly recommend this book
 I loved this book! The story sucked me in right away and never let up. I enjoyed the characters and the story. I think the style of writing of this author is so great. I finished this book quickly and immediately bought his other novel, which I just finished. I enjoyed it a lot also, and am anxiously waiting for this guy to write more books!!! If you like mysteries and literary fiction, you should take a chance on this one. I alternated listening to the audible version in the car and reading at home.. It was great both ways. Love, love this author!!
 i thought this would be a fluffy thriller - James Patterson-ish, which don't get me wrong, I quite enjoy from time to time. However, this was much more cerebral and complex. The description gives you the basic plot line so I won't go into that other than to say that the subplots and relationships that the main character has with his next door neighbor, his mother, and his brother added so much depth that it made this a stand out novel. Can't wait for more from this author. A must read!!
 I enjoyed the book quite a bit. Interesting premise, and characters. However, there were some parts that were a bit fantastical for me. They weren't realistic enough. I did like the relationship that developed between the characters. The old man's story is what kept me reading the book. It was compelling.
 A good mystery.  I enjoyed the premise of writing a brief biography and becoming involved in the life of the person.  The idea  of a developmentally disabled sibling and the additional responsibilities it places on a young person was were well developed.  However, much of the writing seemed contrived --the coincidences just too much to be believed. Some of it seemed to served no purpose--the scenes with the female characters earlier rapists, etc.  In other words, a good story, that deserved much better editing.
 This is a story about a young college student who had to write an biography of an older person for his English class.  He went to a nursing home and ended up with a convicted murderer for the biography.  As he found out more about the convicted killer, he had doubts that this man really killed a 14-year old girl.  He went beyond the scope of the assignment and followed leads and clues to try to exonerate the man.  An  interesting part of this story involved the young student's life and his relationships with his autistic brother, his highly irresponsible mother and the young female student who lived across the hall from him.  That part of the story was very heart warming and added more depth and interest to this book.
 Allen has a great writing style. He doesn't simply say how someone walked in a room. He'll tell you in paragraph how they walked, what he thought of them and what their personality and possibly backstory was like! All without really "telling" you in words but "showing" - which is a great technique for a writer. There is a witty and dry humour and he has a way of holding suspense and interest. His character as a young man is very mature and insightful -- very good at reading people and fitting into society, despite his upbringing. Very intelligently written, a story I couldnt have imagined or predicted! I hope he writes some more books as I couldn't stop reading this from beginning to end.
 The Life We Bury grabs the reader on page one where we meet Joe Talbert, a college student pursuing an idea for an English paper. He is simply Joe College, doing what college guys do. And then the plot begins to thinken . . .  Carl,the subject Joe has chosen to write about, turns out to have a complicated past. And then there is Joe's mother who is a drunk and gambler and who neglects Joe's younger brother. And then there is the neighbor girl. And then there is the brother, Jeremy. And there is the police investigator . . . the characters appear and build, one upon the other creating a fabric of well-woven twists and turns. As discovery unfolds, the reader is convinced that he understands the story. But, then the reader turns the page and enters another chapter. Eskens deftly moves the plot slowly enough to be believable but quickly enough to surprise over and over again. I did not give it a 5 star because I felt the characters were well drawn but could have been fuller. I felt it to be a bit "thin" in places.
 After I read Eyeshot by Adams, I was doubtful to find another book that would hold my attention like that did, but I was pleasantly surprised with this outstanding book.  I loved the short chapters of 2-3 pages that kept me turning pages to find out what happened next.<br/>I am new to reading fiction and thankful to all the great reviews for presenting me with terrific reading material.  I never knew reading could be so exciting and such fun.  Looking forward to the next adventure from Allen Eskens.  Just enough romance and violence, tastefully done.  Thank you sir, well done!
 This is the most refreshing and engaging book I have read in years!  The story line is new, the characters are believable, and the writing style is excellent.  It is a page turner from start to finish.  You easily become engrossed in the storyline and attached to the very human aspect of each person.  I looked forward to reading each evening and dissapointed when I had to close the covers to get some sleep.  After finishing this book, I found myself thinking of the characters over the next few days.  For me, that exemplifies a good book.<br/>In fact, I have pre ordered his next novel.
 Based on the reception by most, lucky for some new authors I’m not the one approving their debut manuscripts or on the nominating panel for Anthony Award books. Maybe I’m just a jaded, hard to please reader? It’s true my mother would sometimes refer to me as a spoilsport. Perhaps there should be a warning label on my thoughts: Readers under a certain age should just ignore Cathrine’s opinions. Well, I liked the cover and it was on sale at Amazon for $1.99 so on my e-reader it went.<br/><br/>Initially we have a young college student who is easily manipulated by his abusive alcoholic mother, can hardly say more than one word to the girl next door he’s attracted to, then quickly turns into a smart-young-man able to re-figure a 30-year-old murder case, then turns back into a not-very-bright college student stupidly confronting a man he believes to be a murderer with all his evidence and no backup. From my POV it bordered on YA and lacked depth and substance for a seasoned reader. Perhaps a good travel book or beach read where there are many distractions. I do enjoy the occasional light read but this one failed to deliver the expected pleasure usually derived. The good? The interactions between Joe, Lila, and autistic brother Jeremy. I would have liked more of that.
 Really enjoyed this book. It hit that sweet spot for my two long flights and overseas travel of substance and decent character development, without getting too heavy or embroiled in a complex plot. A page-turner that kept me engaged yet wasn't a problem to pause and then easily pick up again.
 This book engaged me from page one.  Mr. Eskens has a knack for weaving a story together that is altogether riveting yet tear- jerking.  Consisting of a nice balance of family strife, crime drama, the terror of war, suspenseful detective work, ordinary college ambitions, and romance, he masterfully creates a story that I devoured in just a few hours.  I will definitely recommend this book to friends.
 The title of this book is compelling, but the author never ties the story back to it. Less than halfway through the book you can tell that the presumed killer is innocent, the step family is at fault, the college kid will solve the crime, get the girl, and receive money to care for his brother and finish school. I had really hoped for more depth.
 Liked "The Life We Bury." Strong character or a man of character?Both men are true to their beliefs, loyal; ultimately they help each other. Enjoyed the many supporting characters that took the story in different directions just as in real life we seldom stay straight on the path of intention but are distracted by those we care about. Appreciate having the truth come out, finally.
 Buy this book!  If you don't like mysteries, you'll love the characters developed.  If you don't like mysteries, the action will making turning pages a matter of turning them fast enough.  But if you like chilling mysteries, the author has built a great plot for you and written it so well you'll find yourself reading his bio several times to learn how he got so talented.  No, he's not my grandson--no relation.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. Yes, as a few reviewers commented, some of the plot lines are a little...fantastic. But so entertaining! The writing is very good, really draws in the reader. As a Special Education teacher who works with autistic youth, I found the sibling relationship with Jeremy realistic and touching. Overall the story was imaginative and inventive. Didn't want to put it down.
 Great story. If you think you know how it nay all end, you don’t and you are not likely to figure it out. A page turner I recommended to my sister who also loved it and recommend it to her daughter in law who messaged me and thanked me for the great book recommendation. I’m still recommending this book and people are still telling me they loved it.
 I bought this book thinking it was a true story...not sure why I thought that in retrospects.  This is very well written, the author is very talented, and it moves quickly.  But somewhere in the book it turns from suspenseful to silly.  I can accept that bad things happen to good people.  But people don't end up in huge jackpots, and taking down major criminals on their own.  At some point, I read out of curiosity, but knowing how stupid it became.  I do not think I will try another book by the author unless it is based on a true story.
 This is an amazing story.  While the subject matter is not “easy”, the writing, the storyline, the characters, everything about it is just wonderful!  I adored Joe, Lila and of course Carl (and his sweet buddy Virgil).  The mystery was surprising.  I just can’t say enough good things about this book.  A definite favorite this year!!
 Kind of surprised at all the 5 stars. As an avid reader (like, obsessive), most of this seemed like recycled tropes and borrowed cliches to me. It was a little too nearly wrapped up for my tastes, and I felt like the dialogue was very unrealistic. The main character is a broke college student who also happens to have essentially super human fighting abilities and the knowledge of a ninja. Also - four women in the book, and three of them are raped at some point (by different men.) Kind of felt like this guy only knows how to write suffering women in one way.
 This book was so well written easy to read, got my blood pumping and I cried.  Sadly the story does involve a parent that lacks in parenting skills, a son with special needs, brotherly love and a responsibility placed on a child to protect his sibling, a tragic death, an innocent man accused, a psychopath and a love story.  This book had a great cast who me you become very well acquainted with. The story is entertaining, with twists you may not have seen coming.  Once you begin reading this book be prepared, you will not want to put it down. I wish you happy reading.
 The novel peeked your interest immediately. It was very captivating and the characters described in a way it was easy to have them come to life before your eyes. The novel does carry a few darker spots as expected in a murder mystery and some foul language which again fits the circumstances of the situation. I would definitely recommend.
 I bought this as a gift just from doing a basic search on Amazon for popular books. After reading the book jacket, my husband thought it sounded interesting, so he downloaded it from Audible. He is a truck driver and likes to listen to books while he drives. In the past 6 months, he has listened to this book at least 4 times...he enjoys it that much.
 The story was interesting and moved along nicely until about two thirds of the way then things began to turn rather silly. It required too much suspension of belief to keep enjoying the book when the characters turned cartoonish and battled the villain as if they had super strength powers which in this case was extreme luck. Decisions were made that were completely unrealistic thus the last chapters of the story left much to be desired and marred the promising story that it could have been.
 A school biography project leads to the re-opening of a murder investigation. Things are not always as they seem. Romance, mystery, action, and plenty of unpredictable twists &amp; turns. The characters are each developed to the point that you feel for the a number of them and not just the main character. The relationship between Carl and Joe is very believable and might just make you a bit emotional.  Just when you think you have it figured out- you realize you don't.
 I found this first person action/thriller to be well written. Mr. Eskens does a good job with description and it is easy to see that he has researched this book quite well. The only thing I would have like to have seen him do is to produce more suspects, but this is pretty hard to do in the first person without making the book exhaustingly long. I would like to see him write one in the third person. It was fairly predictable concerning who the villain would be in this. But over all, it is hard to fault this first novel. It moved very fast and was hard to lay down. Good job.
 I couldn't put it down, and then I had to because the suspense got to me.<br/><br/>People familiar with Minneapolis/St. Paul will feel as though they are driving the streets with Joe Talbert. What starts out as a college English writing assignment turns into an adventure he never expects.<br/><br/>Read it! I'm recommending this book to everyone I know.
 Great story. Being a Minnesota native, it was enjoyable to return  by book. I really think the actual story was fantastic, but I do have a small issue with the ending, in timing. I am still confused how a Minneapolis cop got all the way to North Branch in time..? Helicopter? Did I miss something in the timing?<br/>At any rate, I still loved the book, and would recommend it.
 I enjoyed this book very much.<br/>1.)  I was able to really LIKE the characters and that's very important to me as a reader.<br/>2.)  There was only a small amount of violence.<br/>3.)  The one scene that concerned an intimate sexual encounter was written beautifully. Tenderly.<br/>4.)  I was eager to not have to close it, so I read it almost straight through, with only one interruption.<br/>5.)  The subject matter is topical - a theme that is currently in the news.<br/>Read it.
 This book tugged at my heart.  I could hardly put the book down during the last half.  It brought  in some characters nicely to fit in with the main message.  To concentrate on cancer, autism, injustice, integrity and love all in one book was amazingly well done.
 Excellent initial narrative that descends into the ridiculous as untrained college students pursue murderers ... blundering through the process ... predictable and poorly constructed.
 Inventive and exciting. A college student must interview a stranger as a class assignment. Our here picks a convicted murderer of a 40 year old crime. His bio project leads him to suspect the dying convicted killer may be innocent. The writing is brilliant, the story compelling.
 I read this novel in two days. I loved it. The chapters were short and the print was a good size. The characters were all interesting. Even though the ending was fairly predictable, it wrapped up nicely and was quite satisfying. The style of writing was good and I think the novel would be perfect for our next book club selection. We are all teachers and I even think our high schoolers would enjoy it.
 I enjoyed this book and really got into it.  The characters have lots of problems even life threatening ones, however, the author does a good job of demonstrating how they process and deal with their problems and how they care for others simultaneously.  As the title eludes it is possible to bury a life and he shows how important it is to bring things out into the open.  It's important to me to "like" at least one or more of the characters in a book and that was no problem in this book.
 In general I do not buy or read mystery books but for some reason I tried this one. AND I liked it. The story flows well and is a page-turner with a great ending. I liked it so much I bought and read the next three that follow this one. I am surprised to have done that!
 The beginning of this book opened strongly, making it sound like the book would be about a convicted murders story. It ended up quickly going through this and then focusing on how two college students found the true murder. It is a very unrealistic read that ends up being drawn out and repetitive towards the end.
 It is interesting that the book is listed as mystery, because, as a mystery, it has little to it... I figured out the real killer and the initials very early.<br/><br/>No, this is a different sort of story, one which delves into the psyche of our own world, how we view others, how we view ourselves, how less than perfect people seem to find ways to struggle through the world and find their own happiness. If you're looking for a complete mystery, crime shows are often more shrouded, in my opinion.<br/><br/>Is the writing some form of 'brilliant rose' full of wit and charm? Not on the David Foster Wallace leve - but then again, who is? The book does make you think about a few very important topics, though. And, there is a pace to the style which at least makes reading the book somewhat easy and enjoyable.
 I don’t write long reviews nor do I dissect to the nth degree what the author intended. This was simply a good, fast paced read with an interesting theme about an old man once jailed for murder and a young man trying to write an interview about someone interesting for a class project. Holds your interest and deserves your attention.
 A simple interview for a class assignment turns a loner into an investigative reporter. He happened upon someone it’s a brutal history, and thus this suspense drama begins.<br/><br/>Couldn’t stop reading.  At time, the story was a little too clichèd, but i was drawn in..
 I am drawn to debut writers and as often is the case, I look forward to future novels by those authors - will definitely be on the look out for Eskens' next novel. I agree with one of the Reviewers that this story delivers suspense and mystery, but equally important it involves the reader in poignant, personal character interaction. I forced myself every night to close my Kindle before it became the wee hours of the morning, because I was VERY driven to see how the saga turned out. You will not be disappointed in this novel.
 "I remember being pestered by a sense of dread as I walked to my car that day, pressed down by a wave of foreboding that swirled around my head...If I had known how that drive would change so many things- would I have taken a safer path?"<br/><br/>The first time I water-skied (and stayed upright) I remember the exhilarating thrill of being pulled up rapidly onto the surface of the water and the feeling of flying out of control in the wake of the boat.<br/><br/>The opening paragraph of The Life We Bury left me feeling that I was up on my skis and heading into one hell of a story, as it too, careened out of control. Allen Eskins' debut novel measures right up there with the best for suspense and drama. Things start out small and build and build until you are holding your breath as the plot reaches its climax. And the final chapters bring you back to a soft landing with a real feel good ending.<br/><br/>What makes this book so special to me are the well crafted parallel story lines.  The hardships of a self-funded college program are difficult enough but Eskens has tossed Joey other battles such as abuse of the disabled, parental alcoholism, mental illness, caregiver stress and the emotional struggles of dealing with an out of control bi-polar mother.  Other topics that certainly were explosive and thought provoking include vivid descriptions of Vietnam service and religious fundamentalism.<br/><br/>Joey Talbert, 20, recently left home in the dead of night, not to join the circus he says, but to avoid the heated argument certain to occur if he told his mother he was leaving to attend college. The hard part was leaving behind his beloved severely autistic brother, Jeremy Naylor. His wildly erratic alcoholic mother, Kathy Nelson would have pitched a fit if she had had a chance to stop him.<br/><br/>His decision to attend the University of Minnesota was so last minute that his class choices were limited and he had to fulfill his English language requirement with Biography English.  His term project was to interview an elderly person to "tell about the struggles and forks in the road that made them who they are."  Without living grandparents he needed to find an elderly person pronto so the obvious place was a nursing home. Hillview Manor had more than its share of elderly but only one resident still had all his marbles, Carl Iverson.<br/><br/>Carl Iverson had arrived at Hillview Manor straight from Stillwater Correctional Facility where he served 30 years of a life sentence for the horrific rape and murder of a teenage cheerleader. Carl's life sentence would end soon as he was dying of pancreatic cancer. With little choice, Joey reflected that at least his biography project of the life and times of a deranged murderer would be unique. While he waited to see if Carl would agree to be interviewed, Joey did research on the murder.<br/><br/>"I found a picture  of Carl Iverson] in the bowels of the University of Minnesota's Wilson Library… The archive room had the feel of a tabernacle, with millions of souls packed away on microfilm like incense in tiny jars, waiting for someone to free their essence to be felt, tasted, inhaled again, if only for a moment."<br/><br/>The moment they meet sparks fly. In a scene somewhat less traumatic than Clarice and Hannibal Lector, Carl and Joey agree to answer each other's questions honestly - quid pro quo.  And thus begins a hair-raising experience that nearly costs Joey his life. Carl's biography evolves into much more than a college project and as the suspense builds you want to hold Joey back... don't go there!<br/><br/>Threaded through the main arc of the story is a tender friendship that eventually leads to a deepening love relationship between Joey and his neighbor, Lila.  And I just had to save mentioning my favorite part until the end - the deep love between brothers. Jeremy's story brought tears to my eyes.<br/><br/>Highly recommended.  Fabulous book club selection
 Mysteries are a very popular genre. They are, however, often not written well. A good mystery requires more than suspense in order to be a satisfying read. We have all read debut novels that feel like reading someones homework from a writing class - flat characters, overuse of cliches, and uninteresting secondary characters. This is NOT that kind of book. This story is layered, complex, is well paced, and all the supporting characters are drawn well, And who doesn't love an injustice rectified? I am pleased to say I will be looking for more books from this new author.
 I have never read a book so fast in my life, I just couldn't put it down. The writing is excellent - I've already ordered his other book and can't wait for the new one to come out! I have trouble getting into books sometimes and it's hard for me to push passed the beginning and wait for the good part.  This book was fantastic front to back and I had no problem getting into it.
 Gosh, I enjoyed this book!  I spend so much time with "learning" books that I forget to read for the sheer pleasure of losing myself in a great slice-of-life story.  Mr. Eskens is quite the wordsmith.  I had a great time hanging out with Joe, even though he got us into some pretty hairy predicaments.  Would highly recommend...in fact, I've just ordered two more of this author's works.  Yay!
 I found this book to have all the components of a great reading experience- a very good story, interesting characters, and the context of real life and choices.  What it does show you so splendidly is that you can survive and overcome a destiny that seems ordained by your circumstances and not within your control.  But it is not true.  This story leaves you feeling hopeful.
 Definitely recommend this book. First I’ve read from this author. I plan to buy the next one today!<br/><br/>Kept my interest throughout. Glad the last chapter wasn’t started late in the evening as I would have lost sleep!
 great great book...he is one of these authors that need to write faster...his first book THE LIFE WE BURY was great. his second THE GUISE OF ANOTHER was so good I came hunting to see when the next book would be ready, and to my delight he has one ready to read.<br/>If it is even half as good as the others it will be worth the price and then some...<br/><br/>many thanks for hours of enjoyment!
 Excellent quick read with well developed characters ( I think Eskens can write Character dramas his characters were that good to me) and a suspense story behind the characters.  The Main 3 Characters are so enjoyable - the plot was good - and it gets you engaged.  I think I was most upset with the Brothers Mom and frustrated at the older brothers ability to control his temper with his Mom.... - maybe more than the older murder being solved...ha<br/>I would read another book with the central characters again - perhaps one becomes a Detective and another a DA over time...ha
 The basic plot of The Life We Bury isn't new: Young man sets out to write about a dying man, learns of an injustice, clears the older man's name, and saves himself in the process. But if writing were judged solely on the uniqueness of each plot, most books would fail the test. No, the plot of The Life We Bury isn't new, but what matters is what author Allen Eskens does with it.<br/><br/>Joe Talbert is an extraordinary young man who desperately wants a life of his own. Unfortunately-- due to his irresponsible, alcoholic mother-- Joe has always been the parent of the family. From a young age, he's the one who's had to make sure the bills are paid, there's food on the table, the clothes are clean, and his brother Jeremy is taken care of properly. Joe is at the age where he feels as though he's drowning under the weight of all his responsibilities, and if anyone feels that the life of this character is unrealistic, they should feel fortunate for having led a sheltered existence.<br/><br/>Joe is the bright and shining light in this book, and all the other characters and all the other elements strengthen this. He may have a cast iron sense of responsibility, and that sense of decency of his may be incredible, but he's still a kid. A kid who wishes his mother would somehow magically grow up. A kid who wishes his little brother didn't need him so much. A kid who'd like to have a girlfriend and be normal instead of having so much homework and working more than one job to pay his bills and tuition. And... as most kids do... he has this belief in his own immortality which (to him) means that when he finds the dragon and goes out to slay it, the dragon will simply roll over and die without a fight.<br/><br/>Joe's voice carried me effortlessly through each and every page of this book.  His story may have been told many times and in many ways over the centuries, but that doesn't make Allen Eskens' first book any less powerful. I look forward to his next with a great deal of anticipation.
 Very intense novel.  I could have done without some of the graphic sex and violence, but it probably could not have been the book that it was without it.  I thought I had figured out "whodunit" early in the novel, but I was wrong, so that added to the intensity.  I also felt that the two main characters (young, college students) were portrayed well, as they made some choices that someone older probably would not have made--impulsive and not well-thought-through.
 Have never heard of this author and purchased based on a  promo price.  Most of those books are substandard. This was not!  The author writes beautifully, the plot was great and the narrator was terrific. I hope I find that he has written many more books for me to enjoy!
 Allen Eskens wrote a wonderful first novel.  A terrific story that moves right along at a very enjoyable pace and with excellent language.  His characters and plot twists are very interesting. He actually builds real suspense into his story. But my favorite aspect of his writing is his musing.  His language and metaphors are very enjoyable and come as pleasant gifts.<br/><br/>Well done Allen
 There' s no particular reason that you would check out my other reviews, but if you did, you would see that four stars is an amazing rating for me.  This was a book club selection, and not something I would have chosen on my own.  However, I would now list it as one of the best books I've read in the past year.  Read other reviews for plot summary.  It starts  out in a fine and decent fashion, but clear your calendar after you reach about half way, or slightly more, because you will absolutely NEED to finish it RIGHT THEN!  ( I was very glad that I could do so.)  Loved the plot, characters, and the ending.  Read this.
 I choose this book, based on the intriguing cover, and the reviews.  My son  graduated from law school this past summer.  I saw a lot of him in the main character.  The plot was unpredictable and held my attention until the very last page.  I was so drawn into the story; I took it with me while getting my oil changed.  I gasped out load so many times, people were openly staring at me!<br/>I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys law, mystery and engaging character's.<br/>Best book, I have read in along time!!
 The book fascinated me as I used to live in Minneapolis and have an autistic grandson. But, beside that, Eskens plot twists are excellent. He packed romance, murder, killing, chase scenes, and violence into one book. I like the smooth transitions. Although I thought the ending was a little over the top, I need to read happy endings. Never did like Shakespeare. We read it for our book club and 9 out of 10 liked the book. We had a healthy, hour-long discussion.
 The first half of this book is great. I felt very drawn into the story. The author does a great job building empathy for the lead character Joe. His family and school issues are relatable, not the usual over the top drama you might expect.<br/><br/>The second half bogged down a bit for me as the story settled into run from the bad guys mode. It became more pedestrian.<br/><br/>Still, a fun, quick story and worth a read.
 A superb debut novel!  I devoured this book in two days.<br/><br/>College student Joe Talbert has a lot on his plate, dealing with a bipolar alcoholic mother and an autistic brother while attending college and working part-time.  His college assignment to write a biography leads him to Carl Iverson, a convicted murderer who is dying of pancreatic cancer.  As he talks with Carl and learns of his history, he begins to think that Carl did not commit the crime.  He rather clumsily, but quite effectively, begins to unravel the events that allegedly took place.  In the process, both he and his friend Lila have to confront some demons from their past.<br/><br/>The subplots swirled deliciously with the main plot to an excellent ending.  So many books take you through a roller coaster ride only to dump you off at the end, but Mr. Eskens did an excellent job carrying through to the very last sentence.<br/><br/>I can't wait to read his next book!
 I really enjoyed this book! It gripped me from the beginning.... The story had heart and the way it unfolded felt natural...think the only thing I wished was that joe was tougher on his flakey mom, I didn't like when he bailed he out of jail...great story though, kept me up late to see what would happen next!
 I was hooked by the story from the beginning.  I gave up all my foreign TV show, Netflix movies, and all other forms of entertainment until I finished the book!  It was so compelling that I carried my iPad around the house so I could read while preparing coffee, breakfast, and lunch.  I intend to read all of Allen Ersken’s other novels.  Right away!
 I do not understand the hype and positive reviews. I’ve read this story before. I’ve seen this movie. I’ve heard this podcast... you get my point.<br/>I did enjoy the authors writing style and prose. Sharp and witty. Sadly, everything else was a repeat.
 It is not a bad book, but I expected something greater when I saw the reviews. I expected something more philosophical, but it turned out to be a just good suspense book. The storyline is so-so with the classic precipitation of events at the end. I like the writing style anyway, it keeps you glued and makes the reader part of the action.
 Pretty good book. I really enjoyed it. I didn't get what barns had to do with the story... seemed like the picture was chosen because its creepy and the author had to write something about it. The adults were also acting like annoying teenagers, constantly disobeying law enforcement and there wasn't a whole lot of character development with the guilty person. Beautiful writing though.
 The writer missed the 5th star because he came close to brilliance and missed the mark with word  overkill, which dissapointed me. In this harsh story there was a sensitivity which was  toutching and lifted the book above the usual murder mystery. I enjoyed the book it kept me fully engaged from start to finish but Mr. Eskrns used the word "magnificence" when "beauty" would have achieved brilliance and 5 stars. I would recommend this excellent book and will read more of Allen Eskens work in the future.
 Allen Eskens can sure write a page turner. I couldn't put the book down. His main character Joe is a college student writing a biography for a course. His subject Carl is a convicted murderer, Vietnam vet and terminally ill. Joe begins a journey of uncovering a buried case as he uncovers things about himself and others in his life. Weakens builds great characters who take us along on a wonderful ride. Do not miss this book!
 I am reading this book now.  I really have been enjoying it - until chapter 9 - the editing or transferring to the kindle format or something has been making it difficult to read - it seems like something (word(s) at the very least) is missing when one page goes into the next!  I have to go back, re-read, and figure out what should have been there.  I will try to finish the book as I really like the story - with the hope that things get better.  Maybe if I had gotten this book for free rather than paying for it, I would be more tolerant, but that is not the case.<br/>Update:  I finished this book today.  The editing was better than early on in the book.  This is a great read and certainly thought provoking.  Lots of twists, keeping you on the edge of your seat through the end of the book.  It is a book that is almost impossible to put down.
 This book is average at best, on all fronts. The writing, the plot, the premise, the character development....basically everything is C+ work. It's a mindless and entertaining read so if your looking for an easy read but otherwise unimpressive book, it's for you!
 I'm not sure how I actually came to find this book on Amazon, but I'm glad that I did.  It's one of the best suspense novels that I've ever read.  My heart was racing at times, and it brought me to tears at the end.  I think the author is very talented, and I look forward to reading more of his novels.
 This book stayed on my mind long after I finished it. It was suspenseful just as I had hoped but it took me by surprise on how well it portrayed the human mind. Without giving away anything, the three main characters all are struggling with an inner guilt that has affected and stilted their relationships and life. A college assignment put off until the last minute makes them all confront their guilt. Loved the book!
 This book was recommended to me by my sister.  She shared a small introduction and it sounded interesting.  I love a reading  my kindle curled up in bed, and when my eyes begin to get heavy equally does the kindle as it falls on my head! Not wanting to put down a good story is the epitome of a great book.  This was a bit bazaar but kept me wanting more!  I highly recommend this unusual read..
 Excellent character development. Very believable, stomach churning page turner. I don't usually read non-fiction, but was intrigued by all the awards for Esken's first novel. You know a book is good when you continue replaying passages in your head and thinking about the characters long after you have finished the book.
 After reading several mediocre novels, this one grabbed and held my attention from the beginning.  The characters are fractured like most human beings are , with a few embarrassing secrets and some wrongs that needed to be made right. The author's writing technique is so far above many that I have recently read. My next task is to find another novel written by this author.
 In spite of my attention challenges I could not put this book down.  Eskens can write.  His characters are well developed and likeable.  The story he tells is plausible and is very suspenseful.  It is also educational re the justice system and law enforcement.  I plan to read everything he writes which I rarely say about any author.
 You know the book you mourn when you've finished reading it? You think how can any future read possibly compare? You hold a moment of silence and contemplate immediately reading it again. You absolutely believe no other book will ever make you feel this way again. A book with all the perks; well written, highs so high and lows so low, every emotion captured and toyed with, this is that book. Bravo!!!
 I guess it's a 5 star because it was a roller coaster of a story line. The characters were expertly drawn and believable, especially Jeremy. I read this on my Kindle and will order a paperback so my husband can read it, knowing that he'll like it as much as I did. It takes place in the Midwest which is another plus.  My childhood took place in Mason City!! Thanks for the excellent writing with its funny passages. I will read more by Allen Eskens!
 Magnificently told, Allen Eskens tells a searing story of unrequited guilt and ultimate redemption. Two people, one a struggling college student burdened with the "responsibility" of his mother's untreated bi-polar disorder drowned in alcohol and younger brother struggling with autism; the other... a dying decorated Vietnam-Nam vet convicted thirty years earlier for particularly heinous rape and murder. What truths are they burying?Through their relationship,  truth and goodness win out.
 We read this book for our book club, then were fortunate to have the author attend our club meeting. The book is extremely well written and holds your attention to the very end. It’s a quick read—for me about 7 hours and enjoyable throughout. Allen Eskins is a wonderful storyteller. Try it. You’ll like it!— for men as well as women.
 The story line and plot were suspenseful enough to keep me wanting to reach the end to find out the who, what, and why of this mystery/suspense thriller. I enjoyed and hated each of the characters. It was a great break from the historical fiction my book club usually is drawn to. I would recommend this book to a friend. It's a great summer, lazy day, take a good book to the beach kind of a read.
 When you start a book, you hope it will keep your interest.  This book answered my wishes! With good characterizations and intrigue, I hated to finish.<br/><br/>I recommend this book.
 I enjoy finding a fresh new approach to a 'detective' type story and this has it. I also like the author's style of writing, his metaphors and his descriptives.<br/>I wanted so much to not put this book down, but life interferes sometimes (haha). The characters drew me in as well as the emotions. I was disappointed to find that there isn't a next book to read by this author (yet) and wondered if he'll continue with the same main characters or do something totally different. Hope he has something good up his sleeve!
 I don't like to rehash a plot line that has been so thoroughly covered by both the book description and other reviewers, so I'll get straight to the point.  I really enjoyed this story and highly recommend it.  I found the characters likeable, believable and their own passionate struggles and triumphs kept me turning the pages.  I cheered for Joe Talbert as he peeled back the layers of this dark murder mystery, developed a relationship with cancer patient/murderer Carl Iverson and was driven to solve the puzzle in a race against time - Carl's time - before that time ran out.  I greatly admired Joe as he struggled to achieve his own goals and aspirations for a better life, which were so heavily complicated his calculating mother, and by own devotion to his younger autistic brother. This was a great read, well written, and I had a hard time putting it aside.  I'm looking forward to more from Mr. Eskens.
 I was skeptical about reading this book for enjoyment as it parallels my professional life. However, I found the story well written and very heartfelt. Sadly, the author hits the mark head on when describing how people with sexual offenses are often treated.
 Eskens worked hard to come up with some truly silly and frequently meaningless metaphors.  This book would be great to use as a first year college writing project.  The professor could ask his students to buy about 10 notebooks, go through "The Life We Bury" and find all the metaphors and redundancies and re-write them.  I'll use one of Eskens own redundancies to describe this book - "feckless mediocrity".  This was my first Eskens book and it will be my last.  I would not waste my time or $ on another Eskens book.
 Oh my where do I start? I knew after just a few pages that I really liked the writers style, he brought you into each character like you were there and living the story. The writer takes you through the full gamut of emotions empathy, shock, anger, fear, compassion, sadness you name it you will visit the emotion. Wonderfully written great story of redemption.
 Wow! As an avid mystery reader, I must say this is one of the best mysteries I've read in ages. Quite an accomplishment, especially for a debut novel. I am looking forward to the next book's publication.
 Once you start this book you wish you could read it straight through.  I read it in two days instead of my usual week or two. The variety of interesting characters and suspenseful plot make this a book I highly recommend.
 A little predictable, but very addictive. Not what I would call an "intelligent read" but entertaining. Almost like a highly edited suspense movie that would be shown on Fox on a Sunday afternoon.
 I don't often read murder mysteries, but I enjoyed this one. A good blend of suspense, action, and plot twists. Limited but effective character development, and page-turning pace.<br/><br/>Heartening in that the main characters have suffered awful circumstances, and conduct themselves admirably.<br/><br/>I limited my review to four stars because it is more diversion than enlightenment. That said, if you are looking for entertainment, this is a nice (if brief) read.
 This book was great! It flowed so nicely and never really lagged. Most of the thrilling events don't happen until the last section of the book. Up until then it's building everything up.. as the reader you think you know what is probably gunna happen but there is a twist that I wasn't expecting. Never dull and even after the climax of the book, it didn't lag. It knew when to be done. The characters were well developed too. Overall, I give it 4-4.5 stars!
 Loved the possibilities of this book and where it would come to an end. The student in the story got a great opportunity with the English assignment. Many of the characters rode a wave of undulating change through this tale getting told. Maybe one thing to be cautious of<br/>is for the reader not to choose too quickly a pat answer for the ending.
 Allen Eskens has written a riveting story. The characters are so well developed. Joe Talbert has a college assignment that calls for him to interview a stranger and write a short biography. He decides to meet Carl Iverson, a convicted murderer who has just a few months to live. Carl has been paroled to a nursing home after spending 30 years in prison. Joe learns some new information in his research and tries to uncover the truth about Carl. Joe is also coping with a dysfunctional mother and his 18-year old brother, Jeremy who is autistic. The story is beautifully told. I LOVED THE READ!!!!
 It took me awhile to finish this book, because it just wasn't that compelling.  Easy reading, kind of predictable plot.  He did it, he didn't do it, who did it? I didn't get invested in the characters, I only read this one because it was a book club read.  Next!
 It’s not particularly often that my wife reads and enjoys any of the books that cross my path. Whilst I endeavour to read what she reads (eventually) she doesn’t feel the same need to reciprocate, nor should she. Our last shared and loved book in common was Jess Walter’s Beautiful Ruins last year, until Eskens debut The Life We Bury fell into her hands after mine.<br/><br/>Fair to say we both loved it and it was fun checking in on her progress as she devoured it knowing what was in store.<br/><br/>A college assignment morphs into an investigation into a 30 year old murder mystery, that touches on a lot of things…..family, relationships, affection, abuse, parenting, autism, communication, guilt, loyalty, friendships, Vietnam, war, death, alcohol abuse, cancer……….and a whole lot of other things besides.<br/><br/>Great story line, superb characters that you care about, especially Joe and his neighbour Lila. I think the family dynamics and the evolving relationship between Joe and Lila and the part Jeremy unwittingly played was one of the most satisfying parts of the book. A close second to that would be the developing friendship between our murdering, cancer-stricken, veteran Carl and Joe.<br/><br/>I do like the odd book where the investigation into the mystery is conducted by a non-professional sleuth. It makes for a refreshing change from the police or more usually PI books, I read. Eskens arranged an interesting puzzle, which I was keen to see resolved, which it was.<br/><br/>Intriguing, entertaining, gripping and totally satisfying.<br/><br/>Definitely recommended if you like your mysteries, on the whole fairly straightforward, but with a lot of character and heart.<br/><br/>Debut author Eskens has two new fans in the UK!<br/><br/>5 from 5<br/><br/>Allen Eskens hails from the US.<br/><br/>Many thanks to Seventh Street Books for my copy.
 This story starts out slowly, draws you in, and thunders to a wonderful close. Our book club picked this at random, attracted to a story about a Viet Nam veteran. We didn’t realize how real each of the characters would become nor how many twists and turns the plot would take. How can a mystery be soul nourishing? Somehow this one is. We took a chance and we were fortunate.
 This well written novel draws the reader in by crafting a project for a college class. It is so realistic that I wondered if it had a parallel in a news story. Be that as it may, this story will deal with one's emotions on many levels. I could hardly put the book down.
 While there were some good twists and turns in the story, it seemed a little predictable. Not great character development, and I felt the character diagnosed with Autism was pretty 2 dimensional. Most of the people I know who are considered to be on the Autistic spectrum are pretty darn complex.
 This is an absolutely fabulous book! I was intrigued by the story Carl had to tell and was surprised as his story unfolded. Very compelling book and extremely hard to put down!! Even better, the story wasn't predictable in the least. The mark of great suspense!
 I thoroughly enjoyed The Life We Bury.  It had some beautiful use of language, great pacing, an interesting subplot about the main character's (Joe Talbert's) autistic brother and alcoholic mother, and a riveting main plot, especially toward the end.  Believable people and an innovative, twisting, turning mystery story made this book hard to put down as I got closer to the end.  I am eager to read Eskens' next book.  This first effort doesn't read like a first effort, but rather that of a writer experienced in his craft.  Good luck, Allen Eskens!
 I did not dislike anything about this book. I loved that it kept me in suspense. Made me want to read it and not put it down until I finished it. I recommend this book to anyone who likes Adventure, Mystery and romance.
 Gives great insight into the lives of autistic people, how well they respond to love and understanding. Also depicts the cruelties American soldiers as well as local citizens endured during the Vietnam war, how Veterans struggle trying to cope with their memories. Great characterization of the main characters, I felt sympathy and love for them all. Very suspenseful throughout, didn't want to put this book down.
 The beginning of the book was a bit tedious to go through because it just seemed a little boring and monotonous. But once you get to the good part which is fairly close in the beginning, you will not want to put this book down! If you love mystery/murder cases you will absolutely love this book! Must read!
 An interesting storyline, with good character development. You care about these people. The concluding chapters, that others feel create an excitement that benefits the book, just struck me as unnecessary nonsense. Then again, perhaps personal nonsense is fundamental to story tension in many books, as in life. A good book, just not a great one.
 Characters are engaging and the plot line is compelling. My rating wpuld be 3.5 stars if that were an option. Where this novel comes up short is in the second half of the story. Genuine suspense gives way to contrived action passages. An opportunity lost.
 Intriguing story that will keep you reading until the end. Interesting characters. A college student starts out to write a term paper and gets drawn into solving a murder case thats thirty years old. Lits of twist that will keep you guessing.
 I loved this book!  I went into it thinking it would be sad and depressing...oh my it's a page turner! I found the characters well developed and interesting.  This is our book clubs' read for June.  Your heart goes out to the main character, Joe Talbert, who is mature beyond his years...not surprising as his mother is an alcoholic and brother is autistic.  Ending slightly far fetched - but you just gotta to with it!!
 This book was a pleasant surprise for me. I doubt if it will any literary awards, but I sure did enjoy it. I thought the characters were interesting, especially the protagonist who is younger than most characters in a mystery story. Basically you have a college student who is trying to manage his difficult life who stumbles into an assignment for English that captures his soul. It brings him into contact with a convict that has been moved to a nursing home to die. Through engaging with the convict, the young man confronts his own demons. I think it would make an excellent movie.
 This is Allen Eskens's debut entry and it is a great one! The teaser blurb in Amazon looked interesting so I got a sample. I read the sample as soon as it downloaded and immediately order the full book. Allen Eskins has the ability to bring you into the story so that you feel a part of it. It was a page turner from the get-go, with suspense and pages that would tear at your heart.I was so impressed with The Life We Bury that after finishing it I order his second book The Guise of Another which I am currently reading.
 I can't give enough praise to "The Life We Bury". I enjoyed it immensely from beginning to end. It captured and held my interest and I genuinely cared about the characters and skillfully-crafted story lines. I didn't want to stop reading.<br/><br/>Allen Eskens has an amazing gift in his ability to pull the reader into the world he's describing. He doesn't do that with overly-complicated fancy footwork, but rather with smart, sincere, and thoughtfully developed descriptions and emotional insight.<br/><br/>As a writer, I'm in awe; and as a reader, I'm incredibly grateful to Allen Eskens for sharing his talent and craftsmanship with the rest of us.<br/><br/>Bravo to this debut novel, and I can't wait to read more from this author!
 This book grabbed me. I first ordered it Audible so I could listen to it while I was working. After several chapters my coworkers were also addicted. I ended up buying the actual book as well so I could read it and let it paint the full picture in my mind. I highly recommend it to anyone in need of a story that pulls you into a world of possibility, tragedy, and intrigue. You won't regret it, I promise you.
 I was desperate for a book when I accidentally came across this novel on Amazon. And, I was somewhat reluctant to pay such a high Kindle price for an unknown author. But this book was well-written, had compelling characters, and a tightly woven plot. These characters will stay with me. A very worthwhile read!
 I really liked this book. It was fast-paced, and did not give away the antagonist halfway through the story. The main character, Joe, was very likeable. You couldn't help cheering for him. Not sure if the author is going to write more books with this character, but I would certainly read them if he did.
 I really enjoyed this book.  It was chosen for our book club book and unlike some of the chosen books that I don't ever finish, I finished this one and really liked it alot.  It was suspenseful and yet thoughtful too.  Well developed characters with interesting back stories.  I like how the character's stories were woven together, revealed in bits and pieces throughout the story.
 This book was extremely easy to read and was a page-turner until the last word.  While the main characters are digging into the facts of an old crime, their secrets are also revealed.  Everyone has something they would like to "bury."  While you might have an inkling as to whom is to blame, you will be surprised at the ending.  It is worth the five star rating.
 when I received the book from amazon I read the description and  was not sure I wanted to read it; ready to give it to a friend. But I kept it on the shelf and after finishing a few other novels decided to give it a chance. It turned out as not what I thought so I continued reading and read though it. I did pass the book on to my dentist, I'm sure he will enjoy the read. I'm pretty sure I would read another book by Allen Eskens to watch how his writing evolves. Nicely written.
 I found this to be an enjoyable story that held my interest.  It was an adult-themed mystery; but not graphic or disturbing.  I appreciate that after the last few novels I have read.  The main character is a likable guy that we all can relate to on some level.  It was not as easy as a beach read, but not so intense that it was bothersome.  I liked it and have already recommended it to a friend.
 SENSATIONAL!  I could not put this book down.  Sucks you in!  I didn't breathe ONCE during the entire book!  Eskens is a talented writer because he not only offers a gripping story, but a smooth, smart, captivating delivery.  When I read this book, I could think of so many people who would enjoy this book because readers and non-readers alike would love it.  When you finish, you will want to buy a copy for at least 10 people you know.  Be prepared to exercise your emotions too, some parts really get your gut.
 A book I enjoyed and have recommended to others.  They liked it too!  A thoughtful p lot and well-crafted.
 I hated hitting the Predictable button above, but every plotline was to a point, predictable.  That being said, I really enjoyed this novel.  I read it in one day, which is extremely rare for me.  I usually read about 3 or 4 books at a time.  Which one depends on my mood and the time I have to sit back and relax.  It usually takes me weeks to read any novel and enjoy it.  Once in a while a novel comes along that I cant put down.  I actually tried twice with THE LIFE WE BURY and didn't succeed.  Within 10 minutes I put down the other novels and had to see what happened next with Joe and Lila.  AND,  On the copy I have the next novel by Eskens was just published.  Here on Amazon there is a 3rd.  Off I go to order more thriller/mystery/suspense from Minnesota and Eskens!
 This was our September 2017 Book Club choice. I found myself getting up at 3 a.m. to continue reading this suspenseful book. It is a well crafted story for a "new" author. The characters are facinating and well developed. The plot takes twists and turns until its conclusion. It was not a predictable ending. To be sure it is a bit vivid it its detail but that only adds to the plot. I look forward to reading the author's second book.
 I bought this one for my husband; and, once he started it, he couldn't put it down! He liked the storyline, the characters (realistic), the conflict, and the author's writing style.  Some of the language used by one of the characters bothered him a bit, but he said that he would expect that character to use at least some of that sort of language.
 Although the story line and side explorations have the potential for stomach-churning visions, they are left to the reader's imagination for the most part.  The writer has a gift for fleshing out the characters as he goes further into the story.  Surprises and twists keep it interesting.  Excellent read!
 I haven't read a book this fast in a long time! Lots of things got neglected while I was reading this one haha! Honestly, it didn't grab my attention right away but I kept going then couldn't stop! Just when I thought it was going to be predictable there's a twist. At times there wasn't really a lot of action going on which wasn't a bad thing at all. It made the story more believable and I was still on the edge of my seat. By the end, you'll be attached to all of the characters...except the mother and her boyfriend. I've recommended this one to fellow readers saying it's a must read! I can't wait to read another by this author.
 Eskens has a great skill for winding together the many sub plots and players in the story.  As a reader you feel like you are right there in the story with the characters.  A very realistic rendition of the complexities that life hands us.  A cathartic story for some of the characters; maybe it will inspire readers to face a past issue, heal, and move forward as a person with more peace.
 Suspenseful read that you CAN NOT put down.  It takes you all over the place guessing 'who done it', but I won't spoil the ending for you.  There is one chapter that is more disturbing than graphic, but it is the story and has to be told to fully appreciate the bigger picture.
 I read The Heavens May Fall (and loved it) before The Life we Bury, DO NOT do this or you will basically know the big surprise ending from the second you put together who Lila is, so I'm kinda bummed that I read these in the wrong order, not realizing they had some of the same characters (Lila, Max Rupert, Boady...) Regardless, it was good, but not my favorite read. A bit predictable, even outside of the info I already knew.
 I found this book hard to put down.  The assignment to write a biography made for a great lead in, and then to have it be from a convicted person in a nursing home was full of intrigue!  Very well written.  I also gained insight into the horrors of Vietnam.  Putting criminals where they belong is right on.
 A fast paced book. The main character has a well-rounded story himself, complete with family situations, school and neighbors, in addition to the main project for his English class. He has to interview an elderly person and write their biography. Since he has no one in his family he can interview, he goes to a nursing home and finds a most unlikely person. The subsequent story comes out in bits and pieces from a number of sources and you won't want to put the book down until you know it all.
 Listened to this one from audible. There was something very moving about the story to me. I enjoyed the mystery, the relationship between the brothers and the fact that every character has something in their past to overcome. It was just a great story.
 When this book takes off it steadily continues till it takes you to the top.<br/>Very intense.  Couldn't ask for anything more.  A very well written story.  I couldn't wipe the tears out fast enough there at the end.  I haven't read a book in a long time that stirred so much.  Looking forward to reading his next book.
 Author Allen Eskens has written a very good who-done-it!! The story line very plausible and engaging. The characters are likable and relatable. I appreciate the smooth writing style and flow of the book. Maybe a bit predictable towards then end but worth reading until the end. Thank you Mr. Eskens
 A book set in modern day Minnesota.  The main character has your sympathies and is a likable character from the beginning with the hard lot he has been dealt with his home life.The elements of mystery, love, and  danger all find a home in the story as well.  I found the book quickly grabbed my interest and held it to the end, leaving me quite satisfied and recommending it to the other book worms in my home as a very well written book and a great story.
 I purchased a sample of this book and knew very quickly that I wanted to read the entire book.  The characters were very well fleshed out...I did care about them.  The story line was definitely not boring.  It didn't take me long to finish - especially toward the end when things really get interesting. Well done!
 This book surprised me. I didn't know at first if I would like the main character, but it wasn't long before I was routing for him the whole way. The characters were so real they might be your next door neighbors, with all of the complexities you can't see by the facades we all wear. The plot developed with a number of twists that I didn't expect considering the pace and tone of the early part of the book.<br/><br/>The ending was poignant and satisfying.
 The title says it all.  Most, if not all of us, carry untold stories.  Some we know about some we don't.  This was a very good premise on which to build a good tale.  I didn't say mystery, because although it is that, it is more than a mystery and benefits greatly from it.<br/><br/>In spite of an unnecessary sex scene (only one and easily skipped fortunately) the book is free from graphic violence and vulgar language.  I highly recommend this book
 Drama, suspense, well written. Don't hesitate you won't be sorry. Hated to see this story end, yet I can breathe again.
 This book is wonderful. It's great to discover a new writer. The characters are layered and "real". I've lived in Minnesota and know all about autism so I could relate to the book.  I would give this book 6 stars if there was such a thing.  Read this book!!!
 I enjoyed this book very much!  It held my interest through out and I could not put it down towards the end.  I ended up staying up way too late to finish it but happy I did.  It has a great message at the end.
 Just finished, had to write. A good story for a debut novel. I wasn't expecting the mystery or thriller aspect, more dysfunctional family drama. Happy it went mystery. The story maintained the constant desire to keep going, propelling the reader forward with each paragraph and scene. Good descriptive details, pulling me in emotionally without being too disturbing. Loved the ending. Looking forward to the next novel.
 We just finished reading Eskens' The Life We Bury in our book club, and I am so thankful to our member for selecting it.  It was fantastic!  When our member told us this book had won all the different awards, I was leery.  After all, how can a new novel be that good, really?  Well, it was and so much more.  Each character is developed but not overdone, and their flaws are woven into the story.  Eskens kept me captivated; I hated to stop to go to work.  It was a such a well written book.  Plus, I thought I had the killer figured out early on, but I was wrong, and I am oh so glad for it! :)  I have recommended it to so many of my book-loving friends!  Keep writing, Eskens!!!
 Beautifully and carefully written story. It was evident that the author weighed every word and selected his choices with great care. The plot was compelling and believable and twisted in unexpected ways. The characters were described simply and yet came across as multilayered and complex. I didn't want to put the book down, but I also didn't want it to end. I'd give it ten stars if I could. I eagerly await the author's next release and hope he has many more to follow.
 This was the most riveting book I have read in years!.  The relationships and the characters in this story were so well done. This mystery, psychological thriller drew me in to the point where I actually felt I was there. Tense!  This murder mystery touches on so many aspects of life.
 This was an OK book.  I am surprised it is rated so high.  The writing is a little cheesy with the descriptions from the beginning - "pressed down by a wave of foreboding that swirled around my head and broke against the evening in small ripples".  The end was a little predictable and unrealistic.  I was a little confused as to why the autistic brother was included in the story.  It was as if the author wanted to provide opportunities to link the Joe with Carl.  It was a bunch of elements that were never completely explained or linked.
 I would recommend this book to everyone who loves a good mystery. The characters well thought out, the story twisted enough to keep an interest, but not too much to lose the reader. Really good writing.
 What a read! The symbolism in this novel is unbelievable. If one lives long enough, she/he may have experienced things that one wishes to hide - hence the life we bury! Perhaps, if one could reveal these things to just one other person, she/he would be able to live more freely and happily. Maybe the private world of an autistic person isn't so bad after all - or is it the pinnacle of a "life we bury?"
 I ordered this book because of the price, not certain it would be my "cup of tea". On a cruise and having gone thru my books, I started reading. I was instantly drawn in. The main character, Joe, is worth cheering for. For years he has carried a load of guilt over seeing his grandfather die. It takes a college writing class, and an unexpected choice for the writing assignment, to give new meaning to his life. This was a great find and I am ordering the next book ASAP!
 Upon seeing that this book had favorable reviews, I decided to give it a try. From the very beginning, the book drew me in, and I enjoyed the plot twists and turns. The author did an excellent job with his story arcs, and bringing to life the characters within the book. This was an excellent read, and I highly recommend it.
 Nicely crafted cold case mystery, with credible plot and three-dimensional characters.  Struggling college student, Joe Talbert, finds himself pulled into a decades old murder case when he begins to interview a dying ex-con for a biography writing project.  Joe's own complicated family and personal life become as important as the amateur procedural that he launches as the ex-con appears to have been the victim of a tragic miscarriage of justice.<br/><br/>New author Allen Eskens has produced a well-balanced and intelligent read that is engrossing right up to the last page.  Recommended.
 Great read ... At times, because of a busy schedule, I start reading a book and put it aside for a day or two.  Many times I find I never get back to the book or I lose track of the story.  This book maintains your interest and as you get near the end you forget about all the other things on your busy schedule and charge ahead to the conclusion.
 Allen Eskens does an amazing job in creating a multi-faceted mystery in ""the Life We Bury."  This book glides along smoothly as Eskens introduces well-crafted characters and builds his storyline to a gently escalating...and surprising climax.  Readers of mystery and suspense will find this novel a pleasant change from more traditional storylines and an absolute joy to read!
 This is a great book! I have passed it along to several family members who have all loved it too! Great story with well-developed characters. Lots of suspense and even some romance. I had never heard of this author before but am glad I decided to try this book!
 It was great to finally read a readable book club book choice.  It's been a while. Writing style started off strong in beginning; seemed like someone else wrote the last 3/4ths.  Predictable.  Good book for a young reader who hasn't read many books.
 This was my first Eskens read. I must now acquire everything the man has written. The Life We Bury has it all, suspense, pathos, enlightenment - specifically as regards the criminal justice system - and an engaging warmth. The only thing lacking was a proper comeuppance for a rotten mother. But one can see that she is her own worst enemy and will no doubt simply go on stewing in her own vitriolic juices.
 I loved this story. The characters were deep, the plot complex, the writing stellar. The moral dilemmas faced were thought provoking. I highly recommend this book.
 First of all, I must say I'm not sure I've ever read a book that required so much of my stamina! This guy had people and situations coming at me from all angles.  It must have been incredibly challenging for him to tidy up every mini, medium and maximum scenario into a cohesive bundle, but he did so very well and with imaginative descriptive analogies, well-evolved character personalities and beautiful word usage.<br/><br/>That being said, the story could, at times, be both juvenile and unrealistic. Some of the boyfriend/girlfriend banter was silly as was some of the Nancy Drew/Hardy Boy sleuthing. Exampling the ambush on DJ the exact moment when Joe was an angstrom from death because Max had pitch-perfectly heard a parallel conversation on a cell phone in a speeding, windy car, which led him to perfectly timing deployment of troops, allowing the star-struck lovers to re-unite in hormonal bliss. It was a teeny bit prosaic, but still a fairly decent wrap-up the big mystery.<br/><br/>We knew that he would not end up as a 24/7 caregiver to his brother, but the means of which were bordering on silly. Maybe rewards never expire, but it seemed far fetched. However,  I do give the author credit for his imagination.<br/><br/>We saw the squishy ending coming. That was a given. But it was well done. I thought the scene with Virgil was very touching and a wonderful surprise (an example of how the author poignantly brings his characters full circle). Only the mother's destiny was left dangling, but it was okay  because she never grew and we knew she never would and that she would die prematurely, rotting from the inside out from booze and self-hate.<br/><br/>The book is good. A well-told story. I only had to back-pedal the pages once or twice, having asked myself "what? wait, now who is he?" I don't like it when I have to do that. I don't like a cacophony of characters I have to plant in my memory one on top of the other for recall.<br/><br/>I recommend the book. Someone above said it's "a good beach read". I agree. Don't underestimate the power of this population. Beach readers are serious readers and they want page-turning gist they can straight-forwardly follow. No rumination. Just a note of fulfillment before reaching for the next paperback in their sandy satchels. I would say this book is right up their alley.
 When I started reading this book I was not aware it was a mystery novel. The first 2 or 3 chapters reminded me of an opposite Holden Caulifield from The Catcher in the Rye. Joe came from a poor family his brother was autistic and he was somewhat enthusiastic about school. It all seemed pretty intriguing, and I was anxious to see how the characters would develop, and be able to delve into their  psyche, but it never happened. The characters are all one dimensional, and mostly pawns in the greater scheme of the book. I still found it to be a great read, that kept me turning the pages until the end. As far as a mysteries goes this is a great book, but I did not feel attached to the characters at all when I finished.
 Quick, easy read. Moves quickly, suspenseful (like you stay up past ur bed time, telling yourself, "I'll just read til the end of this chapter, then lights out!" But, alas, you repeat this, chapter after chapter.<br/><br/>Only teeny, tiny drawback, (just a personal preference) the writing got a little bit wordy, sort of verbally crowded. Often had to re-read sentences to get it.
 The imperfect and endearing characters in this book bring the reader on an intense mission to solve a mystery in the name of justice. There are dysfunctional families, a budding romance, a sweet friendship, and a gruesome cold case that the protagonist vows to solve, no matter the cost. If you're like me and enjoy a truly left-field twist that makes you think, "I should have known the whole time!" you'll like this one. However, there's more to the story than the big twist - the characters really drew me in.
 Stayed up all night to finish this quick read.  My only complaint is the F word was used way too much.  Maybe I did not read enough reviews.
 I was expecting a difficult read on the reconciliation of the good and evil that is contradictory yet present in humans.  This book did not give me that, and I was a bit disappointed for it, but was still very well written and enjoyable.  A different story than what I thought I had picked up, but still a good story.
 It's a fast read, but a bit too predictable, which is a shame because with a little more creativity it could've been more of a mystery.  The author introduced us to some great characters, but their stories were ones repeated in one too many novels.
 This book was very satisfying for a number of reasons.  First, Mr Eskens writes with such lucidity and perfect pitch that it is a pleasure just to enjoy his use of language.  Second, the character development is outstanding. Third, the plot twists and turns right until the very end. I loved this book and will read anything else I can find by this gifted author.
 I was not sure what to expect when a friend recommended this book.  But I saw a young man who was raised without a father by an alcoholic mother who was learning to live a life beyond his expectations.  I admired the principles by which he lived his own life and the love he had for his challenged brother.  The book is filled with sadness, love and life-changing decisions.  This was a great read.
 I loved it! It had been in my Amazon suggestions for a while and I had put off ordering because of the synopsis and cover art. I didn't want to read about an old murderer in the snow covered woods but it was so much more than that. Great story, fast moving, amazing characters. It had very dark and heavy parts which kept me turning the pages but had such light and hope that left a warm feeling when i finished the book. Great read.
 Mysteries are my favorite genre, so I am very picky about what I think is good mystery.  I'm also an English teacher, so I look for good character development in a story.  This book had both.  Probably one of the best I have read in awhile.  Eskens makes the story and the characters believable, and I loved the ending.  Highly recommend this book.
 So much more than I expected!  The writing was wonderful.  It sucked you right in from the very first chapter.  Absolutely gripping from beginning to end!
 Here’s the thing. We all know people that could so well represent the characterizations in this book. I’m not really into the mystery/crime type books but this one had me at the introduction. There are lessons to be learned from this book as long as the reader is willing to listen. Well worth reading.
 I’ve never read a book by this author.  I got this book as a freebie on Weber books.com and this was soooooo good, I will be looking for more to buy from this author!  Very exciting book!
 Terrific author.  You'll sit on the bathroom floor and read all night simply because you went in there to brush your teeth before bed and decided to "read just one more chapter".  Yep, that's what I do.
 Mr. Eskens style grabs you immediately and your caught , I didn't stop until I finished at 2:41am.  His characterizations are wonderful and honest and the plot moves quickly .  Towards the end it is pretty predictable but you can forgive this because it was so much fun to tear.<br/>Betty from Longwood
 Mr. Eskens brought his characters to life in this page turning mystery. I liked everything about this novel and will likely become a devout reader of the author.<br/>If you’re looking for an exciting, yet quick read, I strongly recommend this book.
 I recommend this book highly.  Allen Eskens takes on the very difficult topic of a child's murder and the unpopular premise that the man convicted of the murder may be innocent.  The tale is suspenseful.  I especially enjoyed the way that Eskens developed the characters, flaws and all.
 This is a read straight through book. It is excellently written. Keep me in suspense the whole read. I am looking to buy his next book. I recommend it to anyone who likes Michael Connelly 's Bosch series. I feel that this is a winner and worth the read for anyone. Great Character development. as well.
 I liked it alot althoug I kind of figured out how it would end. Good charcter development, Joe came across like someone you may have known. Messed up family and a passion to do the right thing. The solving the code part was interesting and the scenes with Carl were thoughtful and believable. I wish the ending wasn't so movie like. Although it may make a good movie with a good director?
 One of the Best books I've read in a very long time. Will be a big fan for a long time. Worth all the Kudos in the world. This was a high class read! Please put this one on your MUST READ IN 2018 book list. High praises from me. Loved it. Couldn't put it down. Read in about 9 hours totaled.
 This book kept me on the edge of my seat to the very end.  Allen is a brilliant crime novel writer.  Each time I thought I solved the crime,  the author proved me wrong.  He also did a wonderful job of going into depth about the various characters in the story as well as how they dealt with what life handed them.  Excellent book well worth reading.
 The book was ok.  I think the mother should have died at the end of the story.  Some of the other outcomes were a little too predictable.  The Vietnam stories were quite stereotypical.
 This was a really good book, surprisingly good actually. I had never heard of this author before and was reading the book off of recommendation. The book was a real page turner and I could not wait to finish it. I ended up reading the whole thing in a day because I could not put it down.
 I typically avoid books written in first person, but this story was worth deviating from my norm. Although this is a murder mystery, and parts of the story are disturbing, I found many heartwarming moments. The characters are likable even though all are flawed. I gave it 5 stars because I could not put it down, and any story that commands that type of reading goes to the top of the chart!
 Does any one individual in your life know you, your inner thoughts and total life experiences?  Highly unlikely and improbable. Joe, Carl and Lilia initially are all strangers. A simple college term paper assignment now bonds them together, revealing darker chapters in all their lives for a greater good.  This is a fast paced heart warming thriller.
 Read the reviews before I bought for a secret Santa gift and she texted me saying it was one of the best books she’s ever read and wanted to thank me for it.. so it was a great buy
 This was an awesome psychological thriller with lots of twists and turns. I loved his writing style, the way the characters were well-developed especially the relationship between the two brothers. I will be looking for more books by Mr. Eskens. I definitely like his style!!!
 The start of the book was interesting, but for me it really dragged the second half. I did a speed read the last half.
 I took the morning off from my business to finish reading this thrilling  book. The characters of Joe, Carl, Lila and Jeremy are people you might walk past on the street without a second look. You might even avoid them. Yet, as their stories  unfold and entwine, you will grow to love and respect them.  You may even find yourself playing hooky!
 Love this book.  I was involved from the first chapter.  The story was very interesting and believable.  I'm sure there are a million stories going to waste in our nursing homes.  Few like this one, but it makes you think and that's what a great book will do, make you think.  Loved it, will read it again.
 This novel kept me involved throughout the entire book.  My son who hasn't ever been a reader thought it was awesome.  So, I wanted to read what he read.  It is definitely an interesting book but the fact that it turned my son on to reading makes me so happy.  I have  always had a love of reading  my entire life enflamed by Grandmother.  This book was able to embrace my son which screams accolades to me.  So, read it!  It's a simply good book.
 A very unique tale of how the lives of two individuals, strangers, at totally opposite ends of the pendulum of their lives, are brought together by fate to unravel a mystery and forever change the outcome of the other.  An unearthing of how everyone we know, or do not know, has a story to tell and a hidden reason so often for becoming the "who" they are.
 Best novel I have ever read dealing with honesty and the impact of Vietnam...as part of a life.  Excellent fiction, with excellent description and dialogue.  High integrity characters (mostly).  Compelling and highly recommended.  Attracted by reference to a Vietnam era veteran's experience, which is important in the novel, but secondary to friendship based on mutual respect.
 I don't know if I buy into the one choice we have on Amazon to pick the 'mood' of a book.  This book qualified for a number of 'moods'.  That aside, it was a very good story.  Kept me turning the pages even though it wasn't a novel story line.  Would I reread the book.....no but I didn't think I wasted my time reading it either.
 At first try, I set this novel aside, but it kept nagging me to start again.  I’m glad I did. A struggling student, an autistic brother, and a savvy girlfriend come together to try to free the soul of a convicted rapist/murderer.  There are twists and turns, and after the first few chapters, I couldn’t put it down.
 I love a good murder mystery. Finding one written lyrically, with poetic descriptions and observations about life? Nearly impossible to find. This was an edge of your seat, thrilling mystery with great character studies; and a reminder to look for the beauty in everyday life.
 Quite brilliant and a joy to find an exciting new author.....love the book and am looking forward to reading his other two books. Warning! Reading this book will keep you up way after your bedtime !
 It was moving along well and I was thinking, "I've found me another good book, but...then it turned violent.  It was appropriate, and even<br/>expected. But then  it went on and on; too much, "overkill".  Then I went back to it the next day and it continued over and over.  Finally<br/>started leaving gaps so I could continue and "finish" the book.  I could not recommend this book to anyone I know.  Sorry
 I started this book this morning and I am writing this review at 6 pm. It's that good! Early do you come across a crime novel written with such beautiful prose, but then this really isn't a crime novel - that's just what sucks you in . Long after reading this book you will be thinking about the essential questions raised within.
 I would have given the book five stars just because I wanted it longer! I started this book on an airplane trip home and stayed up late to finish it. Heaven can be here on Earth. I agree.
 I spent last night finishing this book which I don't do unless I enjoy reading it. But I found the book depressing.  About a guy who had an awful deployment in Vietnam and spent the rest of his life in prison for a murder he didn't commit. Then add on a nice kid who had a bi-polar mother and an autistic brother.  So if your not looking for an uplifting book, you might enjoy this mystery.
 Pros:<br/>• Fast read<br/>• Suspenseful<br/>• Not predictable<br/>• Storyline in chronological order<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>• Overly flowery language at the beginning. It was almost as if the author was trying too hard and then he got tired of being overly descriptive and toned things down (thanks goodness)<br/>• Characters lacked depth/believability<br/>• Story felt a bit rushed
 This book had me hooked ...until the midddle to end of the story ..which became a bit un-realistic..&amp; didn't seem to belong in this book. That being said, it's worth the read.. just not at the top of my list.
 I have not finished reading this book, but so far I absolutely love it. I feel the characters are well developed and likable. It has a very honest feel about it, the main character reminding me a bit of Holden Caufield from Catcher in the Rye. Unusual and gripping plot. So glad I stumbled upon this gem!
 My father used to say he went to the movies to have fun, not to philosophize. In a way the same can be said about why I read novels. I want entertainment. The Live We Bury is just that. And very well done. It will not open new doors to your life nor change your fundamental beliefs. But will keep you interested while you comute to work, fly overseas or sit at your favourite spot at home, during the weekend.<br/><br/>Maybe other readers will say some of the characters are too rosy or perfect and that the end is easy to predict. I prefer to say it is very much like old movies, where good is good and bad is bad and you go home or turn off the TV feeling it was time well spent. It was fun!
 Excellent kept me interested from start to finish. then I immediately bought his second book, good but not quite as good as first.<br/><br/>Excellent book, kept me interested from start to finish.  I<br/>mmediately bought his second book.Not quite as good as the first ,  but still very good.<br/><br/>,
 Starts pretty darn good, but it lets out some steam nearing the end. Still, it is a great effort on the part of the author, and for a while there it had me going even though it is fiction, and sometimes fiction looses credibility, unless it is written well, which this book is right on the money as soon as it starts. I can understand the many glowing reviews for this book, and very curious as to what the author might come out with next. 4 Stars.
 This book felt cheap. It was incredibly formulaic and juvenile. It might have been good as a teen novel but wouldn't qualify because there is a gang rape element that would have been inappropriate. Its a book to read in about two hours while eating Cheetos. The cover and title of this book are very misleading too. A colorful cartoon cover with a name like... . "Sick Secrets" would be more appropriate for the contents.
 I enjoyed the telling of this story. What happens to us, what we can do to make a difference. Even a little difference, is what life is all about really.  It’s a story worth reading.
 The Life We Burý, Allen Esky 's  debut  novel, caught my attention initially because of its focus on the elderly in their sunset years.  As I got into the book, met the various characters, and became involved in the mystery that was  Carl Iverson and others, the title of the  book took on  new meaning.  Well written, interesting characterizations, terrific plot!
 After the first few chapters I put the book down and began another.  I was curious as to how this book could get better, so I went back to The Life We Bury.  In a matter of a couple of chapters, the story evolved and was read by me at every spare moment.<br/>Very well written and keeps your interest and involvement until the very end.<br/>A must read.
 Human, heartfelt, spirited ride that brought me along an interesting gambit to a satisfactory conclusion, this side of the Vietnam War, false assumptions and hasty convictions that tumble into the harsh realities where disorders shape and mold the standards we live by now in today's world.  I enjoyed the writing... the reading... and the message.  Life is what we make of it.  Bravo!
 I was not sure when I bought this book.  It seemed a bit like a mystery.  Much to my surprise, an excellent work. I do believe it was the title that grabbed my attention, however, the content keeps one reading even though your eyes are tired.
 I was pleasantly surprised and felt this book was deserving of top stars. The multiple threads running through the story intersect in a way that of course you expect, but written in such a manner that the reader feels the excitement of close calls, the frustration of people and sometimes life , and how in the end it can work out. The story was quite engaging and enjoyable. A story about a college student, his fractured family, and a parolee who happens to be dying.
 The book is a fun, light summer read. It is a murder mystery.  Who raped and killed s young girl many years ago?  Was the man convicted of it really guilty?  I thought the plot was predictable. Also the action scenes with the bad guy trying to kill the main character were action packed and exciting reading, but about what you would expect.  It was a pleasant read but nothing memorable or having any real deep food for thought.
 Not since reading " Drowning Ruth" have I read a story that so captivated me. The search for truth, the confessions of dark secrets and the struggle for peace pulled me in and kept me reading as fast as I could.  Allen Eskens certainly knows how to tell a tale worthy of your time. I recommend this book to readers of all ages. I look forward to his next one with great anticipation.
 The book starts on an interesting note but a slightly slow pace, and the family drama can seem a bit distracting at times. But the author has a true gift for prose, drawing the reader into the scene until fully immersed. He throws in a few unique twists and delves into the heart of the contrast of good and bad souls. The book drew me in so deeply by then end that I ended up devouring Eskens’ other books as well. I highly recommend this, especially for those who love mystery and suspense.
 This book was recommended by a friend....the story is gripping, heart wrenching, sad....with twists and turns....it showed both the evil that live in some people....and also those that love, thrive for the truth...and do not judge people by what others say.....It's been a few days since I finished the book....it still stays with me....
 I saw this book at the airport and snapped a pic of the cover.  I bought it while on vacation and it kept me entertained.  I like the character development and how several stories are being told at the same time.  I will definitely read more by this author.
 The story flew by. Some of the situations the protagonists incurred felt a bit contrived, but nevertheless this was a very enjoyable. I can easily see this as the basis for a motion picture.
 I have to say - for $1.99 I was very pleased with this read........I read it in one day - good story - totally held my interest.  I have been pretty disappointed in some of the daily deals that sounded good - but not so good once you're reading them.  Not so for this book.
 The storyline wasn’t unique and many of the turns were not hard to see coming, but the story was written in a captivating style. The hero - Joe - was a believable character. The other characters, especially Lila and Carl, were also believable. I enjoyed this book and I recommend it.
 This story is paced magnificently, and has beautiful character development. I usually read fantasy, but someone told me this had good reviews. I suggested it to my book club and we voted it in. I'm so glad for that because I might not have read it otherwise. Loved it :-)
 Took a chance on this book and so glad I did!  It is very well written, full of surprising twists and turns, and surprisingly heart warming!  A wonderful look into the heart and soul of all the main characters.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
 I thoroughly enjoyed the themes from this book. Suspenseful start figuring out the complexity of the characters and the life experiences that have shaped them to be who they are. Each person doesn't start of with the same advantages in life. First half of the book was most engaging and intriguing for me. As the crime drama progressed I lost a little interest as it mirrored most of the movies and plots out there.
 The premise seemed promising, even intriguing, but overall it was a predictable story with a few twists. I finished it, which I don't alway do in a book with mediocre writing and a basic plot. Despite myself, I found myself interested in the innocence of the man accused of the girl's murder. The ultimate villain was not who I suspected.
 Such a well written book with characters that become so endearing.  The descriptive sense of writing causes the reader to feel part of the scene.  This was a well balanced story with a main character that chose repeatedly to care for others while sacrificing his own needs.  I read this book in record time - hard to put it down.  I highly recommend and am ordering more novels by Allen Eskens.
 Not quite what I expected but an enjoyable book that held my attention.  Did not expect a mystery adventure type book but that is what it is.  Kept me turning the pages with interesting and likeable characters.
 One of the greatest books i have ever read..the author carefully  organized  the Lauder to create a work of art we rarely see. I give this book my highest recommendation. PRA y do not miss this wonder. Jacqueline rodzinski
 Great story! Go and get this book as soon as possible. The writing is fabulous, the story quite surprising and thoroughly credible. I can see the movie coming, for which I will most certainly buy an admission ticket.
 There were a few times I wanted to scream at the stupidity of the characters.  Their action did not make sense.  Even taking into consideration their age. Neither had the naïveté of life to pull of some of the decisions they made. Especially as it neared the end.  But I truly enjoyed the read.  I would recommend it to friends definitely.  Congrats to Allen Eskens!!
 This book was an easy read, and is from a new author.  The plot was well organized and the characters well developed.  The language of the autistic boy could be improved upon; I know an autistic person deals with repetitive speech but this was somewhat overdone.  And everything was wrapped up rather neatly in the end.  No complications.  As books go today this was certainly above average and was written with some attention to "good English."  I liked the book.<br/><br/>The review of Mr. Eskens states that he has been a criminal defense attorney for years.  As an avid fan of mysteries, I would hope to see a mystery in the works based on one of his cases or utilizing his knowledge of criminal behavior and actions.
 I liked the overall plot of this story and the fact that it was based in my home state made it interesting as well. There were a few things I felt like wouldn't actually happen in the real world, but it didn't distract so harshly from the story that I was bothered. I purchased another copy for my brother as he generally likes these stories as well. I would definitely recommend this book.
 An unusual premise. As the book progresses, several parallel stories emerge, but they are all closely bound thematically. No rabbit trails. A very male perspective in the book, but the female characters are well developed.
 Also check out book 2, Guide of Another, book 3 The Heavens May Fall, and book 4 Deep Dark Descending. I've enjoyed every single one! The stories are suspenseful without being slick and fake. The characters ring true as well.
 The plot was interesting, but the writing style  and character depth felt very "high school".  In fact,  I bet high schoolers would enjoy this book.
 It made me think as the story unfolded. The violence and sex are referenced as to the past and not described as they are occurring. They are not graphic.  I felt sorry for a criminal which, is not like me at all. I was a tad disappointed in the end.Not the story line. The overly extended path getting there. By then we knew. It was as if the author needed to fill just a few more pages.
 This book was a delightful surprise. I found it engaging, the characters believable, and the plot intriguing. I found it difficult to put down, a problem given that I had so many other things I was supposed to be doing. An enjoyable escape. I will look for other books by this author.  Keep writing!
 I really enjoyed this book, much more so than I was expecting.  The author took topics that were of very little interest to me (Vietnam, pedophilia, prison) and created a story that did not horrify me but created a suspense that I found very difficult to put down.  I will be recommending to friends, and will be watching for more from this author!
 Good characters....good writing, and nice twist to the story.<br/>Really enjoyed it!<br/>I'll be looking into more by this author.
 How is it that everything can go against some people, and in spite of insurmountable adversity, they turn out to be humans who care? A young man with an autistic brother, an alcoholic mother, and a desire to go to college, unearths details about and solves a murder for a writing biography assignment. I just kept hoping hat things would somehow turn out ok. Whew!
 This story will stay in my head for a very long time just like an old familiar song. The main character is a person we would all like to be.  What he feels about "doing the right thing" is far and away above what most folks would do. Read and enjoy getting to know a hero!
 Not sure how this is getting such positive feedback. The characters were flat, their dilemmas drawn from obvious stereotypes, the writing not deep or thrilling at all. I would probably have given this three stars just because it is a perfectly serviceable book, but i felt the need to counter act some of the fawning people are doing here.
 I chose this book for my book club selection because the setting of the book is my hometown and the author is local. It turned out to be a pleasant surprise since he hasn't been writing for very long. For me, it was a page-turner. I liked the characters, the plot and the subplots. Well d one without the overuse of violence, profanity or gore. Very well received by other book club members as well.
 I expected a routine murder mystery (which I always enjoy) and was so pleasantly surprised to find an amazing subplot and character study of the way we deal with our inner truths. Very well done! Thank you, Allen Eskens!
 I took a chance with this book. Unknown author, a college boy's story....and was so quickly drawn into the tale that I couldn't put it down. A mystery that goes beyond the genre. The past and present coming together in a perfect way. A big career ahead for Eskens. Job well done.
 Our book club chose this and I was wary.  The first 30 pages were a moderate read, but then I couldn't put it down and read the rest in 24 hours.  It's hard to put into a genre, definitely a thriller, a lot of psychological insight, unlikely heroism and secrets from everyone - hence the title.  The buried life is uncovered for each character.  We see how a secret impacts each life; how guilt, sadness, shame has formed them.  A secret once revealed no longer has power.  Characters find peace, redemption, perhaps a hero.
 What a wonderful story.  I couldn't put it down...Such a well written book.  I found myself re-reading phrases because of his descriptions. I am now a fan of Allen Eskens.  The story flowed well and had a great ending!  I highly recommend this book.
 This is an intriguing story. It's a good character study and very detailed. Good for a book club discussion about people and how they deal with situations.
 The was our book club read this month. Fabulous choice. Loved it. Five stars. Loved the twist at the end. So glad Carl got to see it unravel.
 Enjoyed this book.  The read went very quickly.  The hero is likable and realistic -- flawed but strong enough a character to be  believable.  Wish there was at least one strong female character in the book, however.  The female characters were either dead victims, abusive/alcoholic bi-polar, and a rather passive girlfriend.
 This is an excellent book. I have never said that I could not put a book down. I can say that now.
 I loved this book. Took a lot for me to try a new author but this guy has what it takes to write a gripping story and I couldn't put the book down.  A mystery, a thriller, a cracking good yarn with the realities of family relationships and friendships, misinformed prejudice, the burden of guilt etc. Beautifully written as only a true story teller can write. Best seller material. I'm going to read the next one straight away and may there be many more novels from  Allen Eskens.
 I just love it when I stumble across a book this good. The characters were so well defined, even the secondary characters. And what a unique story! It's even more amazing to take away something from a novel that changes your life. I may be living in heaven at this moment. Thanks to the author.
 Beautifully written with wonderful rich layers to the main characters, subplots and main story. I was intrigued, entertained, but most importantly I felt I was reminded of the importance of taking care of those we love and appreciating the moments we have, even as we slump under the weight of our responsibilities.
 (3.5 stars) This book was an easy read and I liked the story. I found it all a little too...simple? Not quite the right word, but maybe just a little too neat and clean. The college kids investigating this murder while the hapless police standby...just makes the story wholly unbelievable. That being said it was a fun read and I would read this author again.
 Quick read.  I loved the style of writing.  Being a Minnesotan, it was fun to read a book set in MN.  Interesting story.  Our book club read it, but I found it didn't lend itself well to a deep discussion for our group.
 What surprises Joe and Lila makes perfect sense to readers.  His youthful earnestness and naïveté bring his decision clarity.  Flawed, damaged but idealistic, Joe struggles raggedly with the Biography class assignment and with Karl's exoneration for his first degree murder conviction for Crystal Hagen's death.  His mother and her loser boyfriend Larry, dump their responsibilities and guilt Joe for money and Jeremy's care.  Succeed or fail, Joe and Lila are truly heroes.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book and so much so that I have started reading Mr. Eskens book that contains some of the same characters. It was so hard to put this one down as it kept me in suspense.  Am sure you will enjoy every page as I did.
 This book is written in the style of John Grisham. A page-turner, it can be read easily in a few sittings. The fact that it takes place in Minnesota where I live makes the setting more relevant to me. I look forward to moving on to his next book we are reading for our book club.
 When I started reading this book, I really started to wonder why.  The story line was dark and disturbing--not something I normally gravitate to.  The story sucked me in, though, until I couldn't put it down.  Overall, a good "detective" novel.
 I wanted to keep reading to solve this horrendous mystery.<br/>I was touched by the relationships between Joe and his brother, Carl, and Lila, however, I was totally disgusted by the reality of how sick some people are in this world. The book kept a good pace with twists and turns, as well as being interesting about the<br/>Vietnam War. Well done!!!!
 Too good!! super amazing book right from page one !! i could not put it down... finished it in less than 24 hours!! thoroughly enjoyed this book.. very crisp writing for a debut take a BOW Allen Eskens!!!!! :) I am gonna pick all your books up ...
 I liked this book. I was hooked from the beginning.  The characters were interesting and very real.  Joe seemed like a normal, mentally lazy kid until he was pushed into an interesting project in his English class. He was contemplating doing the least amount possible, but became captured by the wrongful death conviction of Carl iverson 30 years ago. Very interesting!
 I am rather fond of this novel, particularly the characters Joe and Lila, and the depth of the case of convicted felon Carl Iverson. Carl’s backstory helps Joe realize the need to come to terms with his past. The minor characters also add a level of realism to Joe’s situation. That and the lengths to which the college students are willing to go to prove their case make for a twisting, enjoyable read.
 I like authors who don't dumb down books for you. It is refreshing to read "The Life We Bury" in that Eskens fills his narrative with plausible angles and fleshed out characters. This book is a page turner with twists til the very end. An emotional ride worth paying the price of its ticket! Read this one!
 Allen Eskens does a superior job of writing a can't put it down novel. The characters come to life, and the story is compelling. The University of Iowa connection, with the highly regarded Writer's Workshop, was an added bonus for me. Highly recommended.
 This book was a total surprise on how well written it was and the a truly riveting story line. I read it in one day because I couldn't put it down. Mr. Eskers write fluently and his metaphors are so thoughtful. I love it when I pick up a new book and find a story with redemption. Well done! I will be reading more by this author...
 This was a book that had been recommended to a 5th grader that I tutor.  I wanted to read it before I engaged her<br/>in this book.  I would not use it typically with a child this young but she is a gifted reader.  With support, she<br/>should enjoy the plot.  As an adult, I highly recommend it for other adults.
 Joe got more than he expected as he rushes to complete an English class assignment, and so do we. Full with interesting characters, the plot threads along as Joe goes on a mission that will bring him to the truth not only of his subject's life secrets, and the dark secrets of people who will do anything to keep them that way, but the truth about himself, the people he loves, and the sacrifices that need to be made. Very satisfying, I recommend it.
 I read this book when it first came out. I couldn't put it down. I loved the characters and was intrigued by the plot. I recommended it to my book club. I just reread it so it would be fresh in my mind. I enjoyed it just as much the second time. Now I'm looking forward to our discussion.
 A great story from the start, even though you knew as you read what might transpire it was a good read with a few unexpected twists and turns. There were a couple of holes that might not have been holes with a bit of explanation. The characters are well defined, likable and believable, the author has a nice touch with description, without being too flowery. At one point there was some nice description of a fishing trip involving the characters drinking root beer, I happen to be drinking a bottle of root beer I was saving for a good reason to open it! That flipped me out, I'd had that root beer in the fridge for months, what are the odds!<br/>READ the book, a good story.
 As a Twin Cities resident, I was pleased to recognize most of the locations described in this novel. The writing was excellent and the storyline kept me in suspense all the way to the end. I thoroughly enjoyed this book and would recommend it to everybody.
 I didn’t give this a 5 because it’s not a masterpiece, but it certainly is compelling. Most everything stopped for a day and a half while I read it. I’m not into mysteries usually, but I’m glad our book club chose it.
 This book was excellent. I couldn't put it down and spent most of the day reading. The quality of the writing was great. The book keeps you on the edge of your seat rooting for the characters. It was nice that the book had two story lines going throughout. Will definitely try other books by this author.
 Not a very good crime mystery. You pretty much knew the killer from the very beginning. But the ride. The emotion journey was exceptional. Great writing that put you right in the middle of the story from beginning to end. They really don't get any better then this. Absolute must read.
 This book is very well written and the first three-quarters had so much of my attention I was unable to put it down, the final part was exciting, however it was more of what one would expect from a shoot em up thriller; it seem to go with the rest of the story. That said, I would happily recommend this book as I have already done several times.
 This is an engaging story, with a credible and twisting storyline. The only problem was that the use of the language had a "smart-ass" coloration in a few places, a technique that is become something of a cliché in this kind of light reading. The author seemed to be trying just to little too hard to be clever in one or two passages, but overall, this is a well written and fun read.
 From page one to the end, this book held my attention. The characters had real depth and the story was believable...sad in places because we all tend to (mis) judge people we can't really know unless we are willing to invest our time.
 I couldn't put this book down, loved it.  Living in Minneapolis where the story is based, I could picture all the areas that were talked about in the book.  It's a great mystery and also talks about healing old wounds and becoming an adult and who you become from your experiences.  I would recommend this to anyone.
 This is a fantastic debut novel. It has aspects of a thriller, but it's much, much more than that. You feel you know each character. The family dynamics of the protagonist are painfully familiar and spot-on. I couldn't put it down and will be selecting another read by Eskens.
 This was a page turner, another new author for me and I loved the book.  First one in awhile that has kept me interested from start to finish. Great story and great characters.
 I purchased "The Life We Bury" after seeing it as a recommendation when originally looking for something different. I read some of the reviews and figured I'd give it a read. I'm so glad I did! Eskens fully developed his characters and kept me on the edge and wanting to keep reading more with the progression throughout the novel. The Minnesota connection, the internal battle Joe fought, and the ability to see and feel more within the story along with suspense was fantastic!
 I don't read a lot of books like this. But I am rethinking that. I couldn't put this book down. Allen Eskens has a way of ending every chapter with some turn of events that you tell yourself I can read just one more chapter. I highly recommend this book.
 Having just finished this novel I must share with others whom may be looking for a interesting Winter read.<br/>Look no further, a first time author, a first book...AMAZING!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book with it's ups and downs twists and turns. Looks like Allen Eskens will be my next new favorite author..
 Yes!! Read it~  I have to say Allen Eskens is an impressive writer. This is the second book I have  read of his and have not been disappointed at all.  No lag in his lines.
 Well written story of a Viet Nam veteran and a young college student. Well developed family characters and a back story of brotherly love.
 I really didn’t know what to expect with this book. It is very well written and the author develops his characters well.  The chapters leave you wanting more and it is hard to put down!
 I was totally surprised by how much I love this book! I am not into suspense, mysteries, or thrillers so I just picked this up on a whim. It is a great story with complexity and characters that you will whole heartily love and despise. I think it is a perfect mix of heartfelt story-telling  and suspense. I would recommend this 10/10!
 I really enjoyed this book.  The characters were well defined and the story line very different. There were many twists and turns and unexpected situations that kept me interested.
 This thriller holds your interest from the 1st page to the last. The interaction between protagonist Joe and other characters is intriguing and seems realistic. There are good guys, bad guys, and others who are in-between  -  just as in real life. Your interest and attention will never flag, as the action is continuous. Mr. Eskens' writing style is clear, direct and smooth. It was a pleasure to read this most excellent novel.
 Really enjoyed this book!! Not my usual but had a real quickly moving plot, with very believable characters. Enjoyed as much as Harlan Coben.
 I haven’t read such an emotionally filled book in a while.  The way the author reeled me in and kept wanting me to read more was exhilarating.  A must read!
 Highly recommend it.  Very fast reading because you cannot put it down and has a surprise ending.  I did not guess who the killer was.  The author really got in the minds of a young college student as well as  two "old timers".  Lots of compassion for each other.  Also the love between brothers was portrayed beautifully..
 Nearly every family and individual has a life they portray publicly and another they live privately. This story considers families and individuals with secrets that haunt and torment them. Some find redemption in sharing secrets, and others find tragedy in seeking to keep these secrets at all costs. The writing is strong, the stories are compelling, and the characters are enthralling. A great read full of powerful emotions.
 I read a lot and this is about the most exciting, suspenseful books .  The author has a style that keeps you not wanting to put this book down.  Dinner and chores suffered for the two days it took for me to finish this.  A must read if you enjoy a superb mystery.
 I am enamored of word crafting! The ability that some authors have to  put together the words in the same way an artists selects the right brushes and paints to make the canvas come alive.  I think Allen Askens is such an artist.  Enjoy!
 interesting to me in part because I grew up in Richfield and lived near U of Minn... I liked the character development and underlying theme that all carry secrets/wounds/regrets that deeply affect us though we'd like to deny it. Esken's The Guise of Another in contrast has characters wh lack innocence and act and react to violence in ways that made the violence central instead of the characters, to some degree.<br/>I will look fr Esken's next book to see how he develops as an author.
 THE TITLE GRABBED ME AT FIRST. THEN IT WAS THE WRITING STYLE AND SOON CAME THE TWISTING MYSTERY AROUND MULTI-LAYERED  CHARACTERS WITH BACK-STORIES AND EMOTIONS POURING OFF THE PAGES.  PUT THAT TOGETHER WITH AN ACCELERATED PACE AND IT WAS THE PERFECT TALE -- I READ IT AS RAPIDLY AS I COULD TURN THE PAGES.  I'M GOING TO ORDER ANOTHER ONE OF ESKENS' NOVELS AS SOON AS i GET OFF THIS PAGE.
 I really liked this book.  I thought I figured out the mystery in the first few chapters, but I was wrong.  I'm still not sure about Lila's character, but the relationship between Joe and his brother was fantastic!  I will read other books by this author.
 Beautifully written. Completely compelling storyline, masterfully developed with characters so believable they jump off the page. I actually stayed up all night to finish reading this in one sitting. I recommend this book to anyone who loves a master writer’s work. Outstanding!
 Fast read and great story. The story is very  believable. I had to try not to cry in some parts.
 Marvelous characterization and plotting. Surprising and gratifying  in its eloquence and oh, so logical as the hero and heroine solve the mystery.
 This has got to be one of the BEST books I've read in a long time.  From the moment you start reading the book, you're hooked.  It was a constant roller coaster of thrilling events that were nearly interwoven into the main story.  Quite impressed and strongly recommend it to anyone interested in reading THE BEST!
 Great story line, well thought out. So many different lives and relationships are presented in this story - a man who was imprisoned unjustly, a brother caring for a special needs brother, a mother concerned with her own life, and many others - that as I read, the title of the book took on a much deeper meaning.<br/>I look forward to what else come out of Allen Eskens' pen. Superb job!
 I bought this book based on reviews and I was very pleased with it. The story is not like any other I have read. What a sad but beautiful story. I couldn't put it down.
 Allen Eskens writes a cracking story with language that caresses the sences. I was torn between devouring it in one gluttonous bite or savoring it like a fine degustation. In the end, I couldn't turn the pages fast enough. Buying more of his work for sure.
 This book had me before the first page was turned, then I just couldn't stop. We all have secrets that will live within us forever and hope they don't destroy us before we die. If we are lucky you find the most unexpected answers to your prayers. In this book it was Joe for Carl a dying man whom was convicted and sentenced for a horrific unforgivable crime.
 Really a good read.  Has pretty much all you can ask for in a mystery.  Good story, very likable characters, a nice love story and suspenseful moments.  I am currently reading this authors second novel and am looking forward to more.
 I enjoyed this book, but it wasn't what I was expecting. College student Joe interviews ex-prisoner Carl now dying of cancer. Based on the first few chapters, I for some reason expected the book to be a case of ex-prisoner manipulating young, naive student into avenging him or something to that idea. Instead, it focuses on solving the mystery of the murder that got the ex-prisoner locked up. It has a fairy tale-like ending. Entertaining but predictable.
 I have been a reader for as long as I can remember. There are a few books that stand out to me that are worth five stars such as "The Bridges of Madison County", "Out of Africa", "Gone Girl", "The Good Girl" and now "The Life We Bury". This book has everything you want in a book. Please trust me and start reading this one today!
 I LOVED this book. The author described the characters and places in such a way that I could visualize every detail. It was beautifully written. The story was good. A few things became obvious to me before they unfolded in the book nonetheless, I was captivated.
 After reading this book, it really makes you stop and think about prejudging someone.  The outward appearance of a person or their circumstances does not necessarily reflect upon the life they have lived.  We all really have a life that we bury to some extent and are only willing to share with that special person who can understand and accept us where we are.
 I love reading.  Especially mysteries.  This novel will keep you up all night.  It is by far one of the best written and intriguing novels of ANY genre I have ever read!  I won't attempt to get into this brilliant plot for fear of dropping a spoiler.  Just do as I did and walk right into this breathtaking ride!
 I didn't find the writing compelling enough to make me stop noticing the writing.
 The idea of the book is great! It starts off fantastic. Then about 3/4 of the way through it it gets weird. There are multiple kidnappings and it gets really far fetched. Did not enjoy as much as I thought I would. Would not recommend.
 This book is an awesome read. I could not put it down. Luckily, I was on summer vacation and could read non stop which I did. After the finish I went back to re-read certain chapters to really consume the writing, the prose. It's masterful...suspenseful. Highly recommend. Anticipating Allen Eskens next book. Allen Eskens' writing style is captivating.
 A great 1-2 day read.  I was disappointed when it was over - not because of the ending (more on that next) but because the writing is very good.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone - not often can you say that about male/female/conservative/liberal people in your life.  The only criticism I have is the ending - it was just fine, but it could have extended a bit further and developed the main characters and the path they took in greater detail.  Perhaps that was done on purpose, looking at a possible sequel - after all, that seems to be the norm....
 I wasn't sure what to expect of this book. Within the first two pages,I was hooked. The writing is so great. This author knows how to give just the right amount of details to keep you interested without boring the reader. I read it very quickly. I couldn't put it down. I loved all of the dynamics of the book.  I can't wait to read more from Allen Eskew!
 Really enjoyed the first 60%  of this book - it had heart, depth, tragedy, compassion, intrigue and even unrequited love. I couldn't put it down until it turned into a made for TV movie. An all too dumb move by the main character takes you down a 'car chase ending'. A smoother transition would have made the suspenseful end more believable and enjoyable - hence the lower rating.  Still an enjoyable read.
 got this book on Friday, finished it on Sunday. VERY good read!! I will be following this author and reading his other books for sure. when the first page grabs you, you know it's going to be a good book. I was not disappointed. 🙂
 This was a "sit yourself down in a comfy chair with a cup of tea next to a warm fire" read. Well written, crisp and clean The Life We Bury digs deep to expose  suffering and triumphs and ultimately what each character is made of.
 Five stars for the first two thirds of the book. Two stars for the final third, in which the "whodunnit" reveals itself and the eighteen year old protagonist displays unrealistic (IMHO) skills, reasoning, and talents. And the ending was just too damn neat and contrived. I really rooted for this book, as the beginning and middle are deliciously written and nuanced. Ultimately, I could have set it down without finishing. Sorry.
 What a great read. Loved the author's writing style and the characters are well rounded. Bought this book on a whim and was intrigued from the beginning to the end. I will definitely be reading a lot more of Allen's books and recommending them to other's.
 It's a quick (300-page) and easy read. It didn't send me to the dictionary once and was somewhat predictable.It was a break from the 'harder' (better) books I've been reading of late. The plot was simple and will most likely be made into a 2-hour (made for TV) movie. I don't think it'll be in the theaters however.
 I really enjoyed this story. Looked forward to picking it up to read more.  I was hooked almost from the beginning. I am looking forward to reading another of his books.
 I read this book for my Book Club. I found it difficult to put down. I think I held my breath while reading. Definitely a page turner, where I couldn't wait to see the outcome of the story.  The Book Club discussion will be lively.
 Excellent story with an ending that surprised me. It is a great read. The plot kept moving thru the entire book to a finale that was a surprise. Good book!
 A book that is well worth reading, especially the first two-thirds, which examines in depth the book's main characters and their back stories. The only problem I had with it was that the last one-third of the book seemed to be a hastily written, action-packed crime story rather than a continuation of the thoughtful, touching story that was the basis for the book's plot.
 The fresh metaphors and authentic voice of this book drew me in from the first sentence. The wonderful, young protagonist and plot-line kept me hooked on non-stop reading to the end. Am now about to order another of Mr. Esken's books on Kindle and stay submerged in great escape-reading for several more hours!
 It is so wonderful to become so involved in a book that you truly do not want it to end.  Right now I am going to Amazon to order another book by my new favorite author Allen Eskens!
 Good read. A little slow to start off, but once the story stared to unfold it had me hooked. Enjoyed this book very much and will definitely try other books by this author. Fell in love with the characters in it.
 This is the first book I have read from this author - it will not be last. It is a wonderfully written page turner. Quite a story which will give you many reasons to think of life itself.
 Fantastic book!  Great character development and surprises,  and sweet moments.  I haven’t read something this good in a while! You won’t regret the time on this one.  Loved the vivid descriptions of scenery and emotions.  Hope they turn this into a movie!
 This book was a page Turner in a way I didn't expect.  It wasn't the mystery or suspense I looked forward to (although they were well developed) as much as I just didn't want to miss a minute in the lives of all the complex heroes I found.  Justice is served in so many ways...
 An interesting story of a college student and dying convict tied together by secrets and longing for redemption. Likable characters and a few truly evil ones with plenty of twists and turns to keep you turning the pages. A bit predictable as the mystery element plays out.
 I absolutely loved it.  I started reading abut 11:00 AM and couldn't stop except to make a quick dinner.  I then continue reading from 6:30 PM until 1:30 AM.  I usually don't like who done it books but this story pulled me in.  I would recommend it to anyone.
 I liked the way the story was told and mademtounwant to read more. Toward the last half of the book, I felt the story moving faster and faster. The characters were well developed and i wanted to hear more of their story.
 One of the best books I've read all year.  Characters have real depth and humanity.  I love the fact that the victims don't want sympathy but just understanding.  The story line while a bit predictable, the writing so good that you don't mind because you like the main characters so much.  Have become a fan of Allen Eskens and look forward to his next book.
 I read this book in two days.  A real page turner.  I have to add it really was very thought provoking. I don't want to  say too much because it will give the storyline away. Just read it and you will not be disappointed.!!!!<br/>You'll also know what I mean about it making you think..Enjoy!!!<br/><br/>First time read anything by Allen Eskens but it won't be my last...<br/>😃
 I don't typically leave reviews, but this is such a well-written book that I was sad to see it end.  The writer's style, descriptions and narratives were so realistic and believable, I had a hard time putting it down.  I've read many books with a more impactful story line, but Allen Eskens has moved to one of my top 5 authors just based on this book.
 College student Joe Talbert got more than he asked for when he set out to complete his writing assignment for English class.  He not only had an interesting subject for his paper but an interesting neighbor to boot.  This book kept getting better as I read it and it was a fast read.
 It's a quick and easier read.  But I agree with some other reviewers - it could have been better.  The last few chapters and ending didn't follow the rest of the narrative very well.  It was not very believable, whereas the rest of the book you could envision as almost being non-fiction because character development was so fantastic.<br/><br/>Very layered and gripping up to that point and then it just fell flat for me.
 This is a good premise for a story.  I enjoyed Joe, the main character.  The complications in his life were sometimes frustrating, sometimes comical and sometimes harrowing.  Characters were well developed.  What I didn't like were the chase-scenes and other "bad guy/good guy" stuff.  Will make a good movie.  Easy to read, fast paced and good characters.
 Well written story, one I didn't want to put down. An English assignment becoming much more and opening undiscovered parallels in the lives of the writer and subject.
 I like books set in the Midwest. Iowa and Minnesota are warm and wonderful states. I enjoyed the plot, two poor college students just trying to get by, completing the writing assignment, and falling in love. Thanks for a great read.
 A ring of truth in this story, believable and captivating.  The young main character is saddled with more problems any one should have.
 I thought this book had a very good and realistic storyline. I enjoyed the crafty reminder to beware of judging people when we alone will never have sufficient information to be just and fair. I thought the book flowed well and it was easy to relate to the characters and follow them. All this made for an enjoyable reading experience without the burden of too much complexity.
 Will this book change your life, no. Will it force you to think about underlying symbolism? No. This book will, however, entertain you. This is the first book I have read in a while that I couldn't put down and read quickly. The characters are well developed and the story is well thought out. Enjoy.
 I really liked the premise of this book as described on the Amazon site -- I have to admit I only read the first sentence or two about a book because I don't want to know too much about it.  It turned out to be so much more than expected.  It was a book I hated to put down -- a really good story.
 This was my first Allen Eskens read, and it will not be my last. I really enjoyed this book! I loved the thrill, and the love, and the big heart that Joe had for the people he cared for despite his every day life struggles.
 This book is like the tv show "the black list".  It never ceases to surprise or shock you in the way the story develops.  When I would have to put it down for some reason I could not  wait to get back to it. I read a great deal and haven't felt that much excitement in a while.
 A writing assignment that takes Joe, the main character, into a murder case that was supposedly resolved 30 years ago. What happens to Joe along the way changes his life and keeps the reader in suspense.  An excellent read.
 More to this story than meets the eye. A thriller , keeps your attention.  Surprise ending
 It was a good book. About halfway through it was almost like someone flipped a switch and the action started, although the beginning was interesting. I enjoyed reading it except for some of the language throughout. I understand that doesn't bother some people, I just find them really unnecessary. But good read!
 The premise of the story engaged me from page one, and as the mystery began to unfold I couldn’t wait to see where the story went. Unfortunately, about 100 pages from the end, the plot became predictable and the writing became cheesier a less polished. This is a book that wraps everything up neatly and happily, so if you like books like that, then this one is for you. I, on the other hand, prefer a more realistic or messy ending.
 I ordered this book as a recommendation from a friend. It is well written and you can't help but adore Joe the narrator. Part Mystery, part romance, part self reflection style book which blended nicely. I am holding back a star due to the ending.  I felt like all of a sudden it became the final 10 minutes of a prime time cop show like Chicago Blues and I could not picture it.... It left me puzzled as to why it would be wrapped up like that after a terrific plot development throughout.
 I could not put this book down.  I was hooked at page one.  First time reading Allen Eskens books.  Ordering more today.
 I was quickly drawn into the plot and there were enough surprises to want to continue, i.e. was hard to put down. Enjoyed the book and have recommended it to my husband as one I thought he'd also enjoy, not something I do often.
 I absolutely loved his book.  Mr. Eskens has done a great job telling this story and has hooked me in to ordering his other novels.
 I am suspenseful reader enthusiast. The description of the book alone made me want this book.<br/>Very good book. I enjoyed it thoroughly. The characters were well-developed, story-line was great.<br/>I found myself trying to figure out the mystery within it as well.
 Where to start?  First, advice, don't start this book unless you have time to read it because once you start you will not want to stop.  It has been a while since I have found such an excellent book.  Well crafted and just a really good story.  It is an amazing debut and I for one cannot wait for the next.  If you love to read you need to add this book to your library. Love It!
 Read this.  It will challenge your preconceptions and having you take another look at everything you think you know for sure.
 I read this book in its entirety the same day I got it. I could NOT put this book down! I fell in love with the writing style the author used to effortlessly tell a complex story, smoothly and superbly! This book left me hanging on each page, anxious to flip to the next! I highly, highly, highly, recommend this book!!
 This book was very good. The introduction to the Characters is what kept me interested. Jumping back &amp; forth between the "who did it" kept me on edge. The times and places from past tense to current time is a bit tricky to keep up with but half way in the Novel the picture becomes a bit clearer an just gets right to it. Glad Carl got what he wanted. Dope!!!!
 Didnt know anything about this book, but read some reviews and thought id try it.<br/>Such a good read!  Well written, great characters,  frustration, suspense, I just loved it.
 What a fun read!  Good author, compelling characters, nice little homey mystery.  Very well done, and I appreciated the few "life lessons"/morality tales the author folded in - just the right amount to avoid being pedantic.  Nicely done.
 Mr. Eskens really caught my attention from the beginning of this story. I was sucked into the story and really rooting for the heroes Joe and Lila. The twists and turns in the story kept me reading and the ending wrapped up nicely.<br/><br/>I am usually skeptical of reading new authors because most of the time I am disappointed but I look forward to reading The Guise of Another and anxiously awaiting more from Mr. Eskens.
 A college assignment, write a biography! Simple? NOT! A thirty year old mystery in unraveled. The building of characters, their individual choices based on their circumstances and the mystery itself weave together quite beautifully. I could guess the perpetrator quite early into the story, and yet enjoyed the read. A well written book. Simple and effective.
 Though the premise is good, this novel devolved into  simplistic, difficult to believe, heroics  of the main character in a plot which had one too many twists.
 Was a good read but found it rather formulaic.  John Sandford in  his Books of Prey has written this same sort of mystery in Minnesota for years.  I think his books are more intriguing..
 It wasn't bad but I felt like the story didn't know which way to go....was it a murder mystery or a story about human interaction?  It was a bit too graphic for my taste (but I am a total violence wimp).
 Kept me interested. Good caracters, and an easy read. I was entertained. Little bit of love, little bit of fate, a mystery needing to be solved and questions left unanswered, yep I will look forward to the fall 2016 sequel.<br/>You won't be sorry if you read this book. Thank you Allen Eskens!
 The story of one brother taking care of the other, needing to be the parent in the absence of functional parenting gives the main character a depth and backstory that is interesting all on its own. His own guilt enables him to connect to a murderer before he even learns of his innocence and then systematically proves it. I will say women do not come off very well in this story--at least the female lead has some redeeming qualities but it would be nice to see her show more strength. Her capture and use as bait was a little predictable. Good story, nice writing
 Quite fiction. This book reads like something a teenager person or young college student might enjoy. I don't think there was much "food for thought."
 This book was a delightful and it kept my interest to the point I did not want to put it down. It has many twists and turns that makes for a interesting summer read. There were many nights I would plug in my iPad and find myself opening it again just to see what was going to happen next!
 Bought it on Kindle so I didn't get to flip through the book. Had I flipped though it, I would have noted that it was something that appealed to me. It might appeal to others though. The story started out great but I ended up skipping a lot of pages 1/2 way through as the story just wasn't for me. I don't care for murder mysteries.
 This was a very interesting &amp; well written story.  It's kind of a story of two totally different lives.  One of the college student &amp; his relationship with his autistic brother, &amp; one of a life put on hold by prison.  A quick read, for me anyway, because I had a hard time putting it down.
 I read it, loved it.  Gave it to my dad, he read it, loved it.  Then Dad gave it to my brother, who read it, and told me he couldn't wait to read more from this author.
 I liked this book.  It started a little slow, but at the reader gets acquainted with the various characters it becomes more engaging. There were several story lines with the major one being Carl and the murder, but all were good.  This is one of those books that you need to persist with for a few pages; don't give up, it really is quite good.
 This book was very readable and relatable.  I had a sociology class and was given a prison inmate for a pen pal.  It was very innocent conversation, but my Mom was upset at the school.  Anyway, it's a well written story that keeps you involved in the context.  And, the story line was unique.  I did enjoy reading this book and would recommend it to friends.
 I thought this book was so good! I was on a vacation with my family but kept getting caught up in the book, couldn’t put it down. I loved the different characters. The relationships with his autistic brother, addicted Mother, elder man and neighbor, I felt a connection with each.
 This book was engaging enough but certainly not spell binding. The development of the story was mostly predictable but the characters were well developed. It’s a light read, interesting enough to accompany one on a plane trip or beach vacation.  I thought the personae of the autistic brother was particularly well developed.
 I had to read this book every night until I finished. The chapters are short and the end of one pulls you to the next. It's more than a mystery; it's a great story. And, there are many surprises as you go along. I'm passing the book to an avid reader who is excited about it after ready the back cover. Well done Mr. Eskens.
 If I didn't have to work,  sleep,  and have mom responsibilities,  I would have finished that in one sitting.  It was intriguing,  sweet,  sad, and entertaining!!
 The write up made me believe that this was a story that would blur the lines between right and wrong, and make me question myself, humanity and much more. Instead it was a very basic story line where the lead character murdered a depraved individual to prevent others from suffering.  However I did find the writer's style clever, witty and easy to read. I'd give another book a go.
 Exciting with some unexpected twists. A good book from the perspective of a teenage male experiencing first love and balancing that with responsibilities and dreams.
 Well developed characters and descriptive writing. Fantastic story! I really enjoyed the navigation between hero and villain along the way.
 I bought this book in the audible version to listen to and not read. I usually read one and save my listening book for only listening. Turns out I was so engrossed I dropped my reading book and read and listened to this book. Went by too fast. I enjoyed the characters and the suspense.
 I was initially turned off by the tone the author chose for the first person narration; it did not seem to fit the narrator's character and background. However, as the story continued it became engrossing enough to hide the flaw. A lot of ground is covered in a few short pages: the heartfelt struggles of the narrator's life that frame his choices; the growth of intimacy and desire in a new relationship; brotherly duty; the purpose of life; and, a wicked good storyline. The twists and turns are predictable enough, but I still awaited them with anticipation.
 Insanely good book. Probably the best book I've read in six months or a year. Probably two years, quite honestly...<br/><br/>Already bought his second book and it's off to a great start.
 I would've given this book five stars if it hadn't been for, in my opinion, the unnecessary insertion of this student-turned-detective's pursuit of a confrontation with the likely murderer, which didn't seem to fit in the until then well developed tight plot, and added nothing but a momentary disappointment and diminished interest in me. However, the author soon recovered his polished writing, restored its initial grasp on my interest, and this thriller did deserve my four stars.
 This was a "filler" book for me, one to read until I found a novel I really wanted to get involved in...it didn't take long for me to be totally involved with Joe, Jeremy and Lila! This is not a filler book, it stands on its own...in story line, and in character development. The ending was a bit contrived for my liking but getting there was terrific!
 I found this book to be written in such a way as to hold my attention with it's suspense and characters. It was a page turner that I had a hard time putting down. Characters and plot were well developed. Thank you for drawing me in!
 This was one of the best books that I have read all year. The interest in the story line was immediate, and I readily read this quickly as I could because it was so good.  The story was detailed and believable....and got better with each chapter.
 3.5 stars.<br/><br/>Nicely paced first outing from Mr. Eskens. The premise unwinds quite well as we learn about Joe, who, for an English assignment, decides to write a biography on someone close to their death. He lands on Carl Iverson a convicted rapist and murderer. Carl is out on parole at a nursing home waiting to die of cancer. As Joe interviews Carl, Joe becomes more and more convinced of Carl's innocence. Joe sets out to get Carl exonerated prior to Carl's impending death.<br/><br/>Not a bad plot. Eskens' writing style is relaxed with no apparent overthought or agonizing over each written word which makes the writing flow easily. As each character is introduced there's some coloring in which helps to shape the character and help the reader understand their motivation. I particularly liked the autistic character, Jesse, who is Joe's brother. His helping with the investigation without him even knowing struck a chord with me. Joe's irresponsible mom was more a distraction but not too much.<br/><br/>I never quite reconciled Joe's personality with his bouncer job and his ability to physically disarm people easily. I always had him more of a scholarly type buried in books and constantly pushing his glasses back up his nose while gulping down cereal for all meals. If anything we were shown too many sides of Joe via his mom, mom's "friends", brother, employment and girlfriend. His character ended up a little too washed out and became more of the Lifetime Movie hero.<br/><br/>Lila, the initially reluctant girlfriend, was somewhat predictable with a past of her own. Staunch anti-Iverson at first, Joe won her over to his side and Lila became pro-Iverson and involved with the investigation. The bad guy in the whole thing was a little tepid.<br/><br/>One thing that struck me was how easily Joe convinced total strangers, including crusty old detectives, to trust him and gain their help. It all came off a little tongue in cheek.<br/><br/>OK, so, despite all my griping, I really enjoyed the book. I zipped through it in a day or two and never begrudged the time spent reading it.<br/><br/>Summary. Great first outing from Allen Eskens. Intriguing plot, Nicely done characters in a mid-western setting. If anything, a little too "Lifetimey" but Mr. Eskens has the talent to rectify that as he becomes more seasoned. I understand he has a new book coming out in Fall of 2015. I will be picking that up anticipating great things.
 I enjoyed this book. It was a fast read for me. Makes you want to find out what happens next. Well written and easy to follow both stories at once. I would have given it 5 stars except that it has some violence in it that was too graphic for me. Still a good book tho!
 I loved this book also read his book darkness descending he is actually a very good witer. This book will capture you and you will not want to put it down. Jus last night I purchased two other books written by him... if u want a good read he is your guy and his book will do just that..<br/>as I read I went on a emotional roller coaster and it was awesome happy the fictional main died peacefully tho...
 This book was a fast read as I couldn't put it down.  some of it was predictable and your heart just aches for a good ending for the guy!
 This was an easy read but rather unrealistic imho. I enjoyed it mainly because it was such a light read for a mystery type book.  Wasn't terrible but wasn't great either.
 The Life We Bury grabbed me from the beginning. Highly suspenseful and fasting moving..never a dull or boring moment. My only criticism would be the bad language which I'm not fond of being I'm a Christian however I gave it 5 stars for the story line which I thought was excellent. In my opinion this book would make a great movie!!! I will definitely read other books by this author.
 Being book worm I tend to stick wth proven authors. King, Grisham, lee child, tristian jones, and few more. I have tried new authors. Nothing could be more disappointing than to read the hype, read the few chapters, then it goes stale. It happens more than a few times. So now if I don't see 4 1/2 stars forget it. I wait.<br/>Allen Eskens is a new author and what a bang did he start with. I read it in a day and a half. No filler here, no retreads here. Solid writing. Read the other 5 star comments, ignore anything under 3. I've ordered his other two books. High praise indeed.
 This is a really great story - a page turner that keeps you interested until the final page.  The characters are very believable, and the writing is excellent.  That this is Eskens' first novel makes it even more amazing!
 This was a thoroughly enjoyable read. Somewhat predictable at times, but I didn't buy for suspense. The overall storyline was good, though it could have been developed even further. But don't get me wrong, as I said, it was a good read, and when I finished I felt more uplifted than depressed or frustrated so I consider to have been well worth the purchase price.
 For a free read, I enjoyed this book. The story was organized and characters were developed. Over all, a great read. The who done it was a bit predictable though, I plan on reading more from this author.
 Easy read. Not very complex but entertaining enough. Read it on a flight. Easy enough to put down and pick up again.
 This was a good read. It was some-what predicable, but had moments where I was intrigued enough to continue to read to figure out the plot. The book was not too dark. I enjoy a good suspense and this book had that in addition to being light-hearted (love between brothers). The characters are relatable and real.
 We written. Fast paced. Very likable main character. Captivating story. Read it in one sitting. I enjoyed this book. Will read more by this author.
 The author weaves the story together masterfully. The book is well written and the suspense in the last half will hold you captive through twists and turns until you finish reading it. I only wish the author would have provided consummation of the romantic relationship at the end.
 "The Life we Bury" is a book that you can not put down. A young college student is given an assignment to interview a person of his choosing and write a paper about it. He goes to nursing home where he meets a man who has spent the past 30 years in prison for the rape and murder of a young girl. He was sent to the nursing home to live out the remaining days of his life due to terminal illness. He agreed to tell his story to the student.<br/>His story lead the student to retrace the events of this man's life and the conviction for rape and murder.
 I really liked this book!  As the aunt to seven nephews, three of whom are on the Autism spectrum, I found the character of Jeremy the most intriguing.  I love the relationship between Joe and Jeremy, and I love that Joe followed through on his promise to clear Carl's name.
 This was such a beautifully descriptive story and so full of deep thoughts to ponder. I chose it for my book club selection and am interested to hear what others have to say. I really didn't know what I was in for and usually don't read thrillers but this book was fabulous.
 I liked this book.  The whole story is based on a boy's writing assignment in school, which is imposed on him and not voluntary research - but he gets into it and uncovers the truth of a crime committed decades earlier.  A bit implausible that he uncovers what law enforcement never did, but that's okay - implausibility can make for an interesting story.
 Really good read.  Interesting until the very end.  Loved it.  Would recommend reading.
 The details in this book kept me reading. The description of how to survive in a blizzard and what to craft warm clothes from in a cabin were funny and ingenious. Sometimes first efforts reveal parts written in class that seem inauthentic, but the quality of the writing maintained. As good as Harlen Coben's stand alone bests, Greg Hurwitz, and Linlay Barclay's bestsellers, too.  I think Allen Eskens's The Life we bury is is close to comparable with Kate Atkinson.
 This debut novel hit all the right notes for a can't stop 'till it's over read. Will it change my life in the style of great literature? Nope. But it sure kept me engaged and entertained. If you enjoy a suspenseful, page turning read, give this one a try.
 First let me say two things:<br/>1. The authors use of language is wonderful.<br/>2. The narrator is fabulous.<br/><br/>Ok, I would have given this book 5 stars except for the fact that the ending was a little too Hollywood for me.  Sometimes, when reading, you get the sensation that an author has written a story with the intent that it be made into a movie.  Eskens did NOT write that way throughout the whole book until the ending; hence the 4 stars versus 5.<br/><br/>When Joe meets Carl Iverson for a biography assignment, he really has no idea what he's in for.  Carl is a convicted child rapist and murderer that is living out his final days due to cancer in a nursing home.  Even after the first meeting, Joe is not sure that Carl did it.  He becomes more and more sure as he retraces all that happened that fateful day, as well as diving into Iversons past.<br/><br/>A nice mystery that keeps you guessing.  Unlike many mysteries, this author seems to carefully chose his words weaving a tale that is intriguing, characters that are believable, and settings that make you feel as if you are there with them.
 It’s almost 2 am. It’s been a long time since I stayed up this late because I just had to finish a book.  Need I say more?
 Beautifully written....storyline is thrilling and yet parallels everyday life with flawed people.  Joe is an outstanding hero---a young version of Jack Reacher.  Read this book!!  You will enjoy it from page one to the surprise ending.
 Riveting story of youth and how to survive the challenges life throws at one.  You can't choose your parents and your circumstances.  A dying man's life could have been changed, but his name is cleared by those who believed in him and found him incapable of what he was accused.
 This is a well written believable story. Excellent character development. Paints clear picture of Minnesota in the winter and if autism
 I enjoyed the mystery..liked the characters..of course it did not hurt that I am from Minneapolis..and Eskens gave me the feelings of home...I was hoping they would succeed at every twist and turn..read it and see!
 A good read for the beach or sitting by the fire in winter. An easy read with well-paced story line.
 Ordered on a whim while shopping for something new to read. Half way through “The Life We Bury” I ordered “The Guise of Another,” and “The Shadows We Hide.” I don’t have a ton of time to read, but the pages have flown by in the first two, and now I’m looking forward to opening up Shadows and ordering his other two titles. His books serve as a great, albeit dark, escape from my days.
 My 15 yr old (reluctant reader) chose this for his summer reading book (required reading, from a list the school provided). I was surprised because it looks dull. However, so far (he's about half way)... He really loves it. I can't believe he's asking for more time to read.
 I found this book hard to put down.  I liked the development of the characters, and really liked the main character.  The story had some predictable parts, but no too many.  It also seemed a bit far fetched, but that did not take away from me really enjoying this read.
 For a first time novel, this was excellent! It is not only a great story, but it also begs the question of what part of our own "lives" have we buried within ourselves.
 What a great story of a young man's love and devotion to his brother. Joe's commitment to find the truth for a convicted drying man was heartwarming.  The twisted plot created by the author left me baffled at times. But the book was an easy read and I loved Joe.
 I thought the plot was a bit contrived.  Boy meets girl, boy likes girl, girl ignores boy, etc.  There were a few tense moments, but if the main character had used some common sense, he wouldn't have gotten into the situations that came about.  This book was just okay, nothing more.
 Chose this rating because of the story line. Very different from most mysteries. I liked the closeness between Joe and Carl. Both helped each other with their demons  Characters were very real, good development. Will definitely read another of his books. Plus anyone from Missouri has to be great. From Kansas city.
 This book was written very well and definitely a page turner. Some characters I wish I had a better back story on but the story line made up for that. Definitely left you wanting more at the end, meaning that the end happened too quickly but still a great book!
 THE LIFE WE BURY by Allen Eskens....is it being made into a movie yet?  It will.  But the book itself is guessable and a little simple.  The characters are hard to believe.  Some nice twists but over all I was surprised it was up for so many awards.  Just average...but has movie written all over it
 Wow.  I could not put this book down.  Gripping plot with great insight into the lead character's mind.  And the villains were seriously hateful, awful characters.  I would have loved for the author to develop the supporting characters a bit more...we only get a glimpse of their thoughts and motives.  I read this late into the night.
 Really good book.  Has some elements of Grisham's The Chamber in plot only.  Much more granular depiction of the characters and difficult to discuss without spoiling lol!  Bought it on a whim and extremly pleased that I did.  Can be purchased for a reasonable price so I totally recommend.
 This was an interesting novel.  The characters are built to be relatively complex, which makes for a plot line with some bite. The romantic pieces were a bit lackluster, but the twist toward end (the killer’s identity) made up for it. I enjoyed the suspenseful turns. This book is definitely worth a read.
 I was sort of disappointed by this book. I had really hoped that the book would have mostly been dialogue between Carl and Joe with Carl diving deep into life in prison, his feelings, his outlook on life, etc. This book was mostly about college student Joe, and his not so kind attitude. Miraculously Joe, his autistic brother and neighbor solve a 30 year old mystery like it was a Wheel of Fortune puzzle. Sort of unrealistic.
 Great book!  There were many times when I had to force myself to put the book down to sleep.  The character development was very good, no characters out of left field.  The story line made sense and kept you wanting to read and find out what happens next....to the last page!
 The story and characters captured and held me in the midst of a hectic life, so much so that when I awoke at 4 a.m., I huddled with Joe and Lila until I finished their story before starting another day’s work.
 I am at a loss for words because this book was not what I expected, nor anything like I have read for a long time. Amazing, is what I can say! I laughed, I cried and was in the edge of my seat through out the entire book! Amazing!!!
 I read this book in 2 days because I just couldn't put it down.  Right up to the end it was a mystery with a shocking ending.  Don't start to read this book unless you have time to enjoy it.
 Excellent. Keep my attention throughout and even made me anxious. I would sit at my desk thinking that I could not wait to get home to read more. Joe Talbert could be a real young man. Actions so believable. Must read book
 Interesting story with great twists &amp; turns...good character development and just a good read. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good “who done it
 Pretty good story, but way too much swearing for me. Ruined it.
 I absolutely loved this book!  Whenever I had to put it down to go cook dinner for my family, I was totally focused on getting back to this novel.  The characters were so real as was the story.  I am usually very easily distracted and unable to finish a book ...in fact it has been years since I have been so captivated by a book.  I am now searching for my next book to read..and looking at Allen Eskens books first!
 There is nothing like a well written "rags to riches" story for a strong moral character that rarely exists these days along with some great suspense. Bravo!  I am looking forward to your next novel.
 It is rare a book gets under my skin like this, really makes me forget I'm reading "a book," and stays with me for so long.  This is even more surprising considering that this is not only Eskens' first novel, but it clearly had subtle flaws throughout it that shouted "first novel" -- e.g., grammatical errors like "a couple minutes" instead of "a couple OF minutes," slightly stilted dialogue at first between Joe and Lila, and an initial portrait of Carl Iverson that predicted he'd be just another predictable Grizzled Tormented Vietnam Vet With A Heart of Gold.  (He wasn't.)<br/><br/>But I was pulled into the book steadily and surely -- and I ended up enjoying it immensely.  I was deeply moved by the characters' journeys.  I wanted the poignant story to continue, and I wanted to hang out more with the protagonist, Joe Talbert.  When I read "The Life We Bury," I was on a trip to Europe, and usually when I'm traveling I discard books as I read them -- leave them in the hotel or give them to someone -- to save room in my suitcase.  I couldn't bring myself to do that with "The Life We Bury" -- which was emblematic of the fact that I didn't want to let go of the characters, the story, the depth of feeling with which Eskens writes.  I ended up mailing it home to myself in a box of souvenirs!  Although Esken's next book, "The Guise of Another" doesn't seem to have gotten as many good reviews so far, I am definitely going to read it and his upcoming one, "The Heavens May Fall."  No matter what, he clearly established himself to me as a novelist who puts his true heart into the story and characters.  That's not something you find often in fiction, especially crime fiction.  Well done, Mr. Eskens.
 I found this book to be engaging from the first page. Eskens creates believable and interesting characters who could be people we already know. I tore through the unfolding mystery hour after hour, and in the end, was sad to close the cover. Fortunately, Eskens "In the Guise of Another" is on its way.
 This book is well written and a good story that takes place in Minnesota. I have recommended this to many friends
 Great story about a college student trying to complete an assignment for his English class, interview who he thinks might be a murderer; and having to deal with a drunk mother and autistic brother and where his story takes him.  This book is definitely a page turner with a lot of twists and turns.
 An easy read, the characters likable and the story was moving at times-and a good  book to read during the summer at the beach. I liked the main characters and a gruesome crime from the past is investigated and pursed by this young man under challenging and difficult circumstances. The title says it all.........
 Great read, suspenseful and fast paced. Good Ending.  Would recommend for book clubs.
 I love reading books by Minnesota authors. Having grown up there it's easy to picture all the settings. This is the first book by Eskens that I've read and I really like his style and how he describes the scenes. I also learned a lot about autism.
 One of the best books I've read in a while.  Started a bit slow but soon I was fully engaged.  Loved the characters and entwining of their lives -- past to present.  Couldn't put it down.  Fun, suspenseful, touching -- hit all the right notes for a great read.
 returning to anxious to read to the end.  I tend to book hop  a lot.  You did not use too many details; that drives me crazy!  I will recommend you as a superb Author to my friends and family.  Myself, I am going search your name for another great novel!  Cyndi
 My son loves  these series.
 Parts trite, but overall an engaging read, especially the workings of the autistic mind. Fights and chases were a bit overdone, but I suppose necessary.
 Well written, simple, but with twists and turns that allow you into the heart and soul of the characters. Much to contemplate, much to consider in relationship to the people in our lives. Well worth reading.
 Very good book was a little apprehensive when I read the summary. You won't be able to put down. I really enjoyed thank you!
 I enjoyed this book, and definitely agree that it’s a page-turner. But the ending was too tidy, the college-student characters a little too glib and scripted to be believable.
 One of the best written books i've ever read! The suspense is riveting- incredibly well done! So glad I bought this book!
 This was a very entertaining and easy read.  In liked then characters and was immediately sucked into the mystery surrounding the past of a dying man.  I highly recommend for fans of shows like Law and Order SVU and CSI.  You won't be disappointed.
 Great read!
 Would be rated higher without the last two chapters. A clever story with interesting , dark characters gets turned into a fairy tale with an "and they all lived happily ever after" finale.  Almost expected the mother and Larry to successfully complete rehab, find Jesus, and open a sheltered workshop for Jeremy.  An example of how to ruin a good first novel.  Eskens' editor should have insisted the story remain noir and inconclusive.  Let the read make up the ending himself.
 What an exciting read!If you enjoy character association ,you will love this book. Life we bury keeps you on the edge of your seat. The characters become real immediately and you will not be able to put this book down. Truly a pleasure and the only part you will not enjoy is having the book end. I cannot wait for more from Mr. Elkins!
 The story of Carl Iverson is fascinating. I couldn’t put the book down. The characters are well developed and the plot moves along at a pace that reveals just the right amount of the information at the right time.
 The main character is blessed with many qualities that you wouldn't think possible due to his background.  He is a patient loving brother, a good friend, and someone who thinks out of the box.  I wish I knew him.  So thanks to the author for bringing him to life.  It was a real page turner.
 I really enjoyed this book!  The character development was excellent and the story stayed on track all the way to the end.  I highly recommend this book, and congratulations to the author for an excellent story.
 Excellent read.  Lots of twists and turns with solid plot.  It kept me interested and I couldn't put the book down!  Read this book for my monthly book club.  I highly recommend this book and can't wait to read more of Mr. Eskens books.
 This book was a great and fast read. Suspenseful with the endings I like.  I find the material thorough and had a great finish
 This was an exciting read with characters so real &amp; engaging I could not wait to see what happened to them.  I would recommend this book to anyone.
 I was drawn into the story after about page ten. It kept my interest. Just as I thought I knew who committed the crime I was given more information that changed my mind. I love the book. It was a really good entertaining read. I found myself having to hold my emotions in check often.
 This mystery kept me interested throughout. Liked the main characters very much. Really like the stories of Vietnam ...seemed so real<br/>and good for us to imagine the terror and experiences !  A great first book and a story that will stick with me for a while.
 It's unbelievable everything the main character goes through. Having to deal with his drunk mother, an autistic brother, the way they were brought up, putting himself through school, etc... It's a real good story.
 A very heartwarming story and would definitely like to read more from this author.  I would certainly recommend this at sometimes gripping story with a perfect ending !!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  The depth of the characters and the unfolding of the mystery were handled just right.  A compelling story with twists and surprises.
 Great book - suspenseful, unpredictable and characters that are well developed and complex. A real page turner! I love mysteries but it is  tough to find Authors who hit the mark in every one of these key areas yet Eskens nailed it. I was surprised to learn this is his first book - he could definitely give some of the 'best-selling' Authors a lesson or two.
 What skillful writing!! I truly enjoyed every bit of this book!! A new favorite author!
 Amazing! I couldn't put the book down. I became consumed by the characters lives. I felt nervous for some characters, scared for other, hated the worthless mother. Loved Jeremy. And I love joe for everything he accomplished with so much stacked against him. I could feel the love between joe and Lila. And I cried when they got the money. Oh no... no one deserves it more than joe, Lila, and Jeremy. If only Carl's life wasn't a waste. Wonderfully written.
 Good read for a bookclub.  The discussions will bring out a lot of different views.
 "The Life We Bury" is not only a suspenseful murder thriller, it is also a commentary on broken families. All characters in the story (the good guys AND the bad guys) carry the burden of dysfunctional families. Some of the characters rise above the horrors they were subjected to, the others seem to try to, but cannot.
 Chosen by my book club, I really enjoyed this book.  The story instantly draws you in with the main character Joe Talbert, who is a likable college student dealing with more than his fair share of struggles in life.  Joe winds up in an english class in college that requires him to wrote a biography.  He decides to stop at a local nursing home to find someone to write about, and there he meets Carl Iverson, a convicted murderer who is dying from cancer.  Joe and Carl begin to develop a relationship, and as Joe does more research to learn about Carl for his assignment, he begins to believe in Carl's innocence.  Struggling with a selfish, alcoholic mother, a younger brother who is autistic, and a beautiful but distant next door neighbor, Joe and Lila, his neighbor, begin to unravel clues in the decades old case that may be able to clear Carl's name before he dies.  Although I had a strong sense of where the story was headed, the book is fast paced and has a few twists and turns, which kept my attention.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good mystery.
 Very interestingbook, maybe a first novel by this author.<br/><br/>The first couple of chapters seemed a little confused, but the storyline began to come together after that. The plot wove its way through some fairly interesting twists, with a few threads left that may be woven into a future novel.<br/><br/>This was an enjoyable read.
 An engrossing story deftly constructed to pull the reader's heart in unexpected directions.  As Joe Talbert struggles to make sense of a 30-year-old mystery, his determination to find truth, his touching awkwardness, his love for his autistic brother all worked to define an indelibly endearing protagonist.  Mr. Eskens created poignant emotional tension layerd with dramatic suspense that made it impossible to put the book down.
 Definitely enjoyed the book. Great plot and read well. The ending wasn't easy to guessand I liked that-it made me want to keep reading.
 Any ID (Investigation Discovery) viewers will thoroughly enjoy this book. A real "who done it" complete with myriad twists and turns, this book is sure to grab your attention.  A real page-turner, I found myself up near midnight more than one night, thoroughly absorbed by the story, the characters, and the puzzle.  Despite its dark undercurrents, I thoroughly enjoyed this engaging tale and would highly recommend it to other murder mystery fanatics.
 I enjoyed this book. It was well written, easy to follow and kept me guessing and hoping throughout. It even touched my heart. Haven't read it? You should.
 When you can't stop reading a book, it means you are already invested in the characters.  I loved these people and the story of making things right.  I will miss knowing the rest of their lives, but I can dream the rest.
 I have read many true crime novels, suspense thrillers, but this one takes the cake. The way the story unfolds is amazing, through Mr.  Eskens' writing you feel as if you are there experiencing it all. Bravo!
 A riveting read that is so much more than the standard whodunit . Well written and the pages fly by.
 Just okay. I had to read for book club, otherwise I probably would not have finished it. I just didn't care what happened . . .
 I really enjoyed this book.  The story was enthralling and kept me interested. I recommend this book to anyone who likes a good thriller.
 What a thrilling screech of an ending, for a rather sedate start!  Several storylines intertwine around our main character, Joe. Past, present, and finally future are all addressed. Well rounded characters, given depth and real emotions that shine through the author's well-honed prose. A great read!
 A well written interesting story with characters you can connect with combines into a good read.  Heroes are flawed but not without redemptive characteristics.  Old heroes are not preachy.  Young heroes, knowledgeable in their fields, are open to learning new wisdom.  Bad guys are creepy, too.  Looking forward to your next offering!
 Great story with solid plot, good characterization, and even a love story.  Lots of foreshadowing allowed the reader to have ample opportunity to solve the mystery, but it didn’t detract from the ending.  A good read, that I recommend.
 I really enjoyed "The Life We Bury". As of late, I've read more historical fiction, so this was a nice change. I wish that there could have been more time between Joe &amp; Carl, let that relationship grow. The only part that I found to drag, was the scene running through the woods and snow.<br/>Looking forward to Allen Eskens next novel.
 I absolutely loved this book! I get bored with books if they don't pick up the pace pretty quick but this one pulls you right in. It's an exciting page turner from beginning to end. I love this authors style of writing and I've been recommending this book to everyone I know. I read all the time and this is a great book. I think it should be made into a movie!
 Pat Conroy once talked about what we expect when we pick a book off of a shelf. What is thant we want from that author and that book? He said, very simply, we're saying is "tell me a story." Well, this is a great story. You'll love it.
 Can't wait to see the next book this author publishes.  This was a great read with a great ending.
 The writing is ok, the plot is very predictable and the characters lack depth.  There are some interesting plot twists
 Could not put this book down! Finished in 4 days!! Very well written and kept you on the edge of your seat!!
 This is one of those books that I'm always looking for but rarely find - a suspenseful thriller with fully-developed characters. Not only does the plot move along in a fast, often unpredictable manner, but the reader becomes so drawn to the characters that not finishing the book is not an option. Eskins is to be lauded for going the whole distance.
 Amazing story. Also, very educational. It’s pretty clear here what drugs can do to a family. But the way out for this youngster is also worth reading about.
 The characters are very complexly developed. It's hard to believe this is a debut work. I can see this novel being made into a movie. While reading this book I found myself being very annoyed whenever I was interrupted. . . .  LOL! Great novel!
 Good book with interesting, developed characters that I really came to care about. Story was believable and compelling.  Writing was a bit self-conscious at first, but as the story picked up steam, the writing became cleaner.
 I thought I was smug, figured the killer before page 100.  Well the author managed put me in my place.  😉.  3 stars for that alone.  The other star is for the suspense and putting me on the edge of my seat!  Bravo!!!  Loved the book!
 The Life We Bury was a decent read, although I wouldn't say it was a cliffhanger until towards the very end of the book.  There were times I felt like I had been reading the book forever, and times when it just drug for me.  The characters were likable, but at times, unrealistic.  However, all in all it was a good novel with a good premise, and for the most part, kept me interested.
 I know I have read this book but it has been several months ago and I cannot recall the story.
 I am not usually one for thrillers, but this was a very well paced novel.  Some mysteries or thrillers have so many misleading events or characters that I find portions or the ending of the story unsatisfying.  This was a great read and I highly recommend it.
 I enjoyed this book. Felt empathy for the main characters and their struggles to find the truth. This is a new author for me and I will read him again. Good plot and a good read.
 I liked this book, but I did not love it.  It has a very good story.  I could not put my finger on why I just didn't love it.  It took me several days to think about this book and write a review.  I
 Pretty good for a new author. Interesting story line. I liked it. Got one for a friend of mine who is an avid reader and lives in Minnesota (author is from Minnesota). She also liked the book.
 I couldn't put this book down and the author's writing technique fits me perfectly.  A near murder within a murder along with family bonding makes this a must read.  I feel like I know every character and setting to a T, as if I was there.
 While knowing all along that the story will turn out with positive lesson, the various side stories serve to remind one to see beyond first impressions, which was the author's goal one would guess.  Plan to read a second time because in today's seemingly "lost values world" will welcome positives.  Also will look into other titles by author.
 Very well written and gripping from start to finish. You think you know all the twists and turns but you don't. The characters felt real and three dimensional. The story was well-placed and plotted. a good murder investigation/mystery
 Wow....strong main character...female Jack Reacher.  I suppose my gender bias is showing.  I read it but not ready for another book about this main character.  Debated between three and four stars and rounded up.
 I enjoyed this book. There were several stories going on at once, in the present and the past. I feel like the main character could be anyone we know and he fell into a story that he didn't expect. There was a good amount of thrill in this book and I was always waiting to see what happened next.
 Great storyline from an author right out of the gate.  The weaving of past and present is superb. I'm already looking forward to his next novel.
 I bought this book not sure what to expect, but I loved it! It pulled you in right away and kept you guessing until the end.
 Loved it! Tugged at my heart
 Easy but interesting book to read.  I never read a book all at once so I looked forward to getting back to this one day by day and I didn't have to go back and remember who was who.  I enjoyed this 'who dun it' and was pleased with the ending.
 The story of a nice college kid in a world of monsters and the relationships he forms as he proceeds deeper and deeper into a murderous mess.  All this grows out of an English class assignment to write a biography.
 Easy read, enjoyable plot.  I thought it really flowed well, much like a James Patterson novel.  I would recommend it
 The book had a little bit of everything, death and murder, along with every social issue a family could have. His initial writing was spellbinding and drew me in hook line and sinker. But the story got out of hand and falters with too much side events. Still i liked it and want to read his next book.
 I can already see this being made into an action movie in the near future.  Read it for bookclub, otherwise I probably wouldn't have picked it up based on the description, but I'm glad I did.
 I purchased this book based on the outstanding reviews it received, and was disappointed.  I thought it might be filled w some emotional gems and thought provoking wisdom, but it was really a kinda silly mystery that got far fetched and unpractical.
 Great book! Nail biter, grabs you and doesn’t let go till the end! This story will stay with me for awhile!
 A good mystery. The pace accelerated as all good mysteries seem to do. The main characters were complex but I thought the main character's mother was a one-dimensional character. Unfortunately, the world does have its share of one dimensional characters. I also thought the author's depiction of autism was right on target.
 Started out intriguing then fell apart. Poor plot, characters blurred. Book lost focus and my interest. I would not recommend this book.
 This was recommended to me Had a hard time putting it down. Enjoyable read. Makes you think about how many are in the real world
 I purchased this because of the good reviews and was not disappointed. Well written, solid characters, and good story line. I'll keep this author on my "read more from him" list.
 Well paced read.  Interwoven stories but it culminates in a ridiculously unreal confrontation and too pat wrap up.  But it was more enjoyable getting there.
 This book was selected by my Book Club for our December book.  This book was not quite what I expected, but I was drawn into the story quickly.  The author developed his characters very well and although some parts may be a little far-fetched, I couldn't put it down.  It was a quick read.  I would definitely recommend this author and will look for his second book.
 Really like the book. Going to read more by this author.
 I was unaware when I bought this book that its author is  Minnesotan and the story takes place in Minneasota. The locations are very familiar to me, which piqued my interest immediately. This debut novel is very well written. I look forward to Mr. Esken's next book. Some people have a gift for writing. Mr. Eskens is one of them.
 It is well written with a good strong main character and satisfying conclusion.
 The writing style was what made me want to keep reading.  It held me captive.  I liked that there weren't any sexual drawn out scenes, too.  Didn't need all the garbage.  Just goes to show that a tastefully written book doesn't need it.<br/>Congrats!  Well done!
 Certainly worth reading as the plot winds down.  The college student and his girl friend make a good team in a great work of sleuthing.  I think the last part of the book builds up to a great climax.  Cannot say much more except a fine writer  Read it!  UPER
 I absolutely enjoyed this well written book. It keep me wanting to put off my chores and do nothing but sit and complete the tale.<br/>So glad a friend of mine recommended it to me, thank you Linda for another great tip.
 The reader can easily relate to the main character. His challenges, motivations, and resolutions are not too far fetched and makes for a credible read. It's like two books, the second has a lot of unanticipated and riveting action
 it had me from the first page to the nail biting finish!!  I was in tears at the end, it was amazing.  I want more books like this!!
 I really wanted to like this book, is starts off rather well and keeps the suspense as you try to decipher the murder mystery, but then turns into a very predictable, cliché story fit for a Lifetime movie. I struggled to finish it, and was happy to put this book away.
 Could not put it down. The story kept me on the edge of my seat. Looking forward to reading all the other books he has written.  Delighted that I have found a new author.
 An excellent book, has every aspect of life! Love it.
 Simply, I couldn't put the book down.  Loved the characters and all the emotions  the book touched on.  I just bought this book for someone for Christmas that's how confident I feel that she will enjoy it as much as I did.
 I read it straight through.  Totally engaging and more intriguing than  almost anything I have ever read.  Complex characters and plenty of action.
 Good story. GREAT story. Mediocre writing. Dialogue seemed unnatural and clichéd. The narrator really isn't much of a thinker, in spite of the premise of the story. But the characters were attractive. I enjoyed reading the book. I'd recommend it.
 Okay read.  Took a while to get into it, but even then I could have quit reading it.  I read a lot of suspense novels (Tami Hoag, Harlen Coben, James Patterson, ...) so maybe that's why I just  found it to be okay.  After seeing the high rating others gave it I expected more.
 Enjoyed most of it but thought it fell just a little flat as the writer moved towards the end of it.  It was a really good read for the first half and then just became a bit predictable as it moved towards the finish line.
 A cold murder case that has died its own death, because the police have their man in prison, or do they? Two nosy college students begin a dangerous journey that ends with the truth. A truth even law enforcement doesn't believe. Enjoy!
 What a wonderful story!  Well told - keeps you wanting to turn the next page.  I enjoyed this story quite a bit.
 Now and then there is nothing like a good old murder mystery, but they can be rote, routine and predictable.  This author packages the familiar with a whole new approach that keeps us a little off balance for a long time. The characters are all good, each adding flavor to the story.  Well written with enough love and lust to keep it interesting and enough suspense to keep the pages turning.
 Just loved this book. A great story of a man at the end of his life with a story to tell and a college guy with a challenging life and story of his own. This story intertwined great suspense with an emotional relationship between two people. It explores the guilt they feel in their lives and the justice they both want.<br/><br/>Well worth the time to read!
 I like the many events that were presented.  I would definitely recommend this book to be read witch I already have.  When each event occurred,  another thing happened.  Each problem kept you on the edge of your seat.
 I was sucked into this book.  It did not have a lull!  Murder, romance, brotherhood, lots of family issues ...  I did predict a major twist that occurred, but it did not take anything away from it.  There are some graphic details and sexual content.
 I wanted to read it to the end but found after a while that it was really unbelievable.  No one could endure the fights, weather, etc that the hero does and keep on going.  A little far fetched as it neared the end but overall not a bad read.  A quick read.
 An excellent detective story that hooks the reader from start to finish.  The characters are interesting and a little unusual.  The plot is fun with some surprises here and there.  There is lots of exciting danger as it wraps up.  All in all, this is a great read.
 I highly suggest anyone who likes a good mystery read this book. The description on Amazon really hooked me and it really met my expectations for a good book. This is definitely a book I will recommend to friends and family!
 An interesting read depicting how we all have our secrets or those things we aren't ready to admit about ourselves. Each story had it's own twist and it made me take a look at my own "secret" life and ask some questions of myself.
 Even though it is highly improbable, this story is still very entertaining.  I had a hard time putting it down. The only think I didn't like was the Fairy Godmother ending.  I thought the author should have worked harder to come up with an ending more consistent with the rest of the story.
 Yes this book was truly a good story. Look forward to reading more from this author. Definitely recommend reading heartwarming
 a good book, an enjoyable read- read it in 2 days, but not a great book, not one of those  special reads I'm always searching for A very impressive first work by the author.
 very good book - good character development - highly recommend
 Tried this new author and was very please.  You will enjoy this read.
 Worth a read.  Not quite on the level of Gone Girl.
 Completely enjoyable - a page-turner. Not a perfect book - many of the characters other than the narrator fit too neatly into their archetypes - but the first person storytelling is highly effective in this who-dun-it from and taking place in the Upper Midwest.
 Felt like I was there the whole time. Loved all the characters. Loved the storyline.  Suspenseful, intriguing, moving, exciting....Excellent read! Buy Now!
 Not bad, but just OK. Seemed slow overall, but did have a few "edge of your seat" chapters. Very predictable, with the exception of one small twist. If you're looking for something to pass the time, maybe give this a shot.
 Being from Minnesota, I was pleasantly surprised to find that this book was set in Minnesota. Regardless of your home state, this is a great read.
 Exciting page turning read .  Joe and Lila took more risks than normal people would but that helped it be a fun read.
 It's a well-written book and a fast read, sufficiently compelling, but I felt like the hype oversold it.  It was fairly predictable to me, and as a college teacher I had a very hard time believing a college student would put so much effort into a class project.  It was an enjoyable distraction, but from the reviews I read I was expecting to be more impressed.
 I would have thought this book was from a prolific author than his first! Written like a seasoned pro with all the twists and turns keeping me flying through the virtual pages. Excellent and I highly recommend it for a riveting experience.
 never knew where the plot was headed...... good book,
 I thought this was very good.  The complexity of the characters was realistic.  Towards the end, the main character does take on a super hero kind of persona that is a bit far reaching and made me feel like that part of the story line was rushed without as much thought put into the sequence.  At the end of the day though, the story it tells is a powerful one and should make readers think twice before passing judgement on others.
 Easy read, hard to put down. A joy to read, even though you kind of know what's going to happen next, but Eskens still managed to pack a twist here and there as the story unfolds.
 Kudos to Mr. Eskens!  It's not often that characters are developed this well......I found myself enraged with the selfish mother and her oxygen thief of a boyfriend, and feeling genuine love and respect for Joe, Lila and Carl.  Not since Pat Conroy have I enjoyed prose to this degree.
 Loved the beginning of this book,but it becomes a bit cliche in the last quarter. Disappointing. It had so much promise!
 Read this in our book club. We all enjoyed it. Allen has a writing style that draws the reader into the book and then he spins and turns the plot. You think you know what will happen, but you don't. We are reading his next book too! Put Allen Eskens on your must read list!
 This is the kind of book you would not put down. You can relate to all the characters in different aspects. It's very touching. Mr. Allen Eskens, you made me cry with this book and Im looking forward in reading all your works. If you want a good read, grab this book and you wont regret it.
 Great read that keeps you held in suspense! The characters really come to life and the storyline holds one on the edge of the seat through the book.  Truly enjoyed it!! Can't wait to read his next book.
 Do not be put off by the overly descriptive opening here, stay with it because this novel picks up speed as the tale unfolds.  The story line is increasingly engrossing, the characters well drawn, and the narrator keeps things moving forward as you work with him to unravel the clues he encounters along the way.  Well paced, with plenty of action, emotion and surprises.
 OMG...I couldn't put this book down. It had everything I enjoy...emotion, relationships, suspense, surprise. The minute I finished it, I ordered 2 more books by this author and will look forward to his new release in October.
 The book surprised me in that it took on so many subjects, difficult to talk about and handled with care.  Autism co occurring with retardation, rape, alcoholism, child abuse, the fallibility of the US Courts System and Jury trials.  It was a true page turner, quick read.  Loads of action scenes.  Read it!
 Incredible. Breathlessly written to perfection. Many lines were so riveting, it made it more gripping and exceptional with each expression and description.
 Putting up with Mother almost made me put it down. The story is interesting, but too long and unrealistic to get that much money at the end.
 Can I say “you won’t put this book down until you’ve finished it!”  I will be getting the other book by this author.
 Really good book for a first time author.  Characters were well developed and the reader cared what happened to them.  Plot was somewhat predictable, but there were a couple of twists.
 I really enjoyed this book. I've never read anything by the author before and my sister recommended this book to me. The end wraps everything up so nicely and I really enjoyed the story we had a chance to be a part of!
 I loved the fast-paced action and monologues of the main character. The complexity of some of the characters coupled with the simplicity of the story itself made it an entertaining and quick read. It's a "once you pick it up, you can't put it down" type of book!
 The main character was a strong but kind and caring person. He loved his brother and was able to break away from a terrible childhood to make his way to college. A college writing course leads him to the man who will change his life but only make him an even stronger main character.
 This story of a college student just trying to do an assignment turned into a great who done it. I couldn't put it down!
 When you listen to your heart, you will always be rewarded - not necessarily materially - but in a deeper understanding of what it means to be human.<br/><br/>New releases from my favorite authors are only watered down versions of the themes and artistry that first propelled them to critical acclaim, so discovering a new author's inaugural book portends many hours of future reading enjoyment.<br/><br/>If you prefer to feel rather than be entertained and you appreciate well-crafted writing, please read this book.<br/><br/>Bravo, Allen! As a reader who has experienced an alcoholic family's dysfunction, a life redefined by a disabled child and death from this form of cancer, I applaud your authentic treatment of all of those themes.
 A friend of mine had recommended this book and I was not disappointed at all.  It was a great read and a fast read.  What a great debut novel by Allen Eskens.  I look forward to his other books.
 I was sucked in right from the beginning. The relationships are well flushed out, while intrigue unfolds. The ending is a little predictable, yet not disappointing.
 I really enjoyed this book. Somewhat predictable but still good.
 This has been one of the best and most refreshing books I have read in a very, very long time. I thoroughly enjoyed Allen Eskens' writing style, a very easy going read.
 I am addicted to mystery books and this is one of the best I've read in a long time. I could barely put it down. I understood all of the characters and their motivations and the mystery part was so good it kept me turning pages.
 One of the best books I have read this year.  Highly recommend!
 I could not put the book now.  Great ending.
 This book was very well written. I enjoyed the storyline. It was easy to follow along and kept me interested in the plot development. While I felt the ending was a bit weak, it still was an enjoyable read.
 Well written a ton involved but covers all the bases ... for a new writer it's very well written and keeps you reading I burned several cookies because I was wrapped up in the plot ... looking forward to the next book
 This one starts a mite slow, but picks up as the characters are developed and the plot thickens. This writer has his "first person" perspective nailed, too. A must read.
 First time I have read this author, and I was delighted.  Good plotting, characters were real for me, dialogue realistic, plot complex enough to maintain interest to the end.  I will read more of his books and recommend this one highly.
 Good reading. Not to twisted up to understand and still intriguing enough to read it all in one afternoon.  It also is one of those stories that let you know that everything you see may not be what really is.
 Great story that definitely holds your interest. At 72 I'm always looking for new authors - sometimes the first few books are their best work. With 5 grandchildren - two in college - the others in high school I'll recommend it to all of them, their parents, and friends.  Coincidentally my 19 year old grandson has asked to interview me for his English class on the historical event that had the most impact on my life.
 This book got to me. It was so well written, I couldn't put it down.
 Excellent read! I couldn't put this book down. It kept me guessing until the end. The characters came to life with descriptive portrayals from the author. I will be reading more of this author.
 First half of book provides excellent character development &amp; builds suspense methodically. The second half, while suspenseful in style actually becomes rather trite &amp; predictable.
 Found this book totally grabbed my attention and read the whole thing in one day. I will look forward to more by this author😄
 Loved the characters and story from the beginning. Best I have read in a long while. Will read more from this author. You won't be disappointed.
 This is a great book.  I really loved the story and the writing is easy to read.
 The storytelling in this book will make you stop to reread phrases - churning them in your brain like home made butter. But the thrill of the book won't stop there because you won't be able to put it down. I will be caring this story with me for a long time to come.
 I couldn't put this book down while on vacation.  I ended up reading it in 2 days.  Loved his book so much that I ordered one for my mother and I've started reading another one of his books.
 I just finished reading The Life We Bury and I couldn't wait to write a review on this spectacular novel.  This is by far has been the best book I have ever read to date. The writing was beyond fantastic, the way he described the sceneries and the feelings of each character really pulled me in. I recommended this book to all my friends and anyone who loves a good suspenseful mystery that's compelling and thought out. Honestly I would love to read more from this author!
 The story had a promising beginning but falters halfway through and then becomes terribly cliche and predictable towards the end. As other readers mentioned, the characters are a bit hollow and some of the dialogue seems contrived. I felt like the author lacked imagination, and the story played out like a mediocre made-for-tv murder mystery movie. Entertaining enough to pass the time but nothing to get enthusiastic about.
 Shows some potential as a writer but overall the story line is far fetched and filled with holes. Not likely to hold your attention to the end.
 I'd give it 4 1/2 stars if I could.  The story is imaginative with plenty of plot twists.  The characters are believable and the protagonists likable.  The writing is fine with only a few ignorant expressions (for effect, I assume) and rare grammatical errors.  Good read, held my interest.
 I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who likes a suspenseful and twisted story. The description for the book doesn't quite match the level of how good the book really is. I would say that if you like reading Gillian Flynn's work then you should read this.
 I really can't believe this is a first novel.  The plot is suspenseful and fast paced.  I enjoyed the characters.  This is one of those books that made me feel part of the action.  I thought the characterization of the autistic brother and his relationship with the hero was moving.  I highly recommend this book.
 From the very first word, Eskens grabs you with his "everyman" character. You just know that this guy could be YOU!! It grabs the reader in a way that other books have never even tried.  I love this author and will be reading anything he puts on paper!
 The story line is so close to what many young children have to endure.
 I'm not typically interested in reading- and I couldn't wait to keep reading this story. Captivating. The characters are as real as can be. When you want to be uncontrollably angry at certain characters- the writing helps you remain calm by the depth of the main character-  excellent excellent excellent.<br/>Thank you!
 Good story with a couple twists to make it interesting. Always love a happy ending and the characters were believable and relate-able.
 I enjoyed the characters and the fact that the story was not predictable. Audio version was excellent. Reader did a great job !.
 Starts off good, became trite, rushed and sophmoric feeling around the middle. Everyone lacked depth. Felt like a book many lay persons could have written. Would not reccomend to friends. I speculative of those giving this 4 and 5 stars, 3 was even a stretch!
 Not at all what I expected. I had a hard time putting it down. I was so impressed with Mr. Eskens writing that I just ordered all of his other books.<br/>Thank you.
 The basic plot, the twists and turns, the family dynamics, and the simple rules of life combined perfectly.  Mr. Eskens is a word master without being ostentatious.
 Not easy to identify with this story
 This story is timeless. It resonates with those of us who are "boomers" and yet it seems to speak with the voice of a much younger person who happens to be very wise. There are universal truths subtlety woven through the plot that make this story seem grounded in reality. I highly recommend this book.
 Finished the book in one day. I kept saying "just one more chapter" and before I knew it, it was one o'clock in the morning and I was done. Some parts were a bit exaggerated and fantastical but it was overall a great suspense novel. Kept you wanting to know more and made you really want to root for the good guys. The ending was a bit neat, but great if you like a book where everything gets resolved perfectly and every one lives happily ever after.
 Definitely a book I would recommend to others; really enjoyed it. Got my interest from the very first page and kept it all the way through.  A page turner for sure - didn't want to put it down.  The story was very believable, the characters interesting and relatable.
 This book is one of those must read books before you die even if you never read.
 Predictable but good basic story line.  The characters were interesting and it was easy to root for them.
 I just finished The Life We Bury  and highly recommended it to everyone. It has such a wonder cast of characters. The story captures you from the first chapter to the last. Great first novel by Allen Eskens.
 I have this book 5 stars because the characters became real to me. I was invested in them and could put the book down. If I didn't have a fulltime job I would have read it in one sitting. Just enough thrill, just enough history and just enough romance. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys flawed characters and a good mystery. Nice job Mr. Eskins!
 good read without putting me to sleep
 This was definitely a good read for me and I highly recommend it to anyone interested something more than just another mystery story.  I picked up a message to pause and appreciate the here and now.
 Amazing book. It kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time.
 My husband selected this audible book and I enjoyed it very much.
 Any book that includes an explanation of the Innocence Project merits praise. The selfless work of this organization to ensure justice is priceless. Although the last 5 chapters of the book were too plot busting, the character relationships worked.
 Gripping, page turning mystery, the first novel by Allen Eskens.  It kept my attention and at a couple of places, I was totally scared and caught off guard by the events.  Very relatable for most any mystery reader.  I've already ordered another of Mr. Eskens's novels and hope it will be equally as good.
 OMG! John Grisham needs to move over cuz there is a new sheriff in town. Awesome book! You will not b able to put it down. I was catching myself holding my breath toward the end.  Just confused about something. It said  in the acknowledgements that there will b a follow up novel this fall. The new book coming out is not. What?!!! We gotta know what's going on with Joe, Lila and Jeremy?
 This was not as good as I expected it to be. All loose ends tied up nicely and totally out of the realm of possibility. Some of the writing was beautifully descriptive but the plot was lack luster and over done.
 The book kept me guessing until the very end . . . loved the characters.
 This was a very enjoyable read, and the author demonstrates real talent. I finished it last week, and some of the imagery is still sticking with me. It is quite suspenseful, so I read it in a couple of days. I am a 40yo, female reader, but I believe this book might especially appeal to young to middle-aged male fiction readers. It contains quite a few male fantasy archetypes...the scrappy fighter, vigilante justice, loyal brotherhood, a regular person defying the odds to prevail as hero, the moral soldier, and the "good guy" sexual conquest of an unavailable, attractive female. I found the plot highly engaging...there are interesting social elements as well as a mystery to solve and a sense of time-pressure and urgency. The protagonist was deeply likable. At times I found the suspension of disbelief challenging...the protagonist has a level of self-control, quick thinking, and extreme, Macguyver-esque resourcefulness that seems a bit implausible for a male in his early 20's, and the level of cooperation shown by the other characters (e.g., police) at times defied reason. However, I still give the book 5 stars for being an excellent debut novel, and also because at the end of the day, I felt deeply satisfied by the outcome of the story and the victories along the way. Well done, Mr. Eskens.
 The story is great. A bit different from the usual mystery novels which is a nice change. It was easy to fall into the story which made it impossible to put down.
 Great read, good story line that keeps you interested..good ending.
 Excellent book.  I couldn’t put the book down, and the story kept me on the edge of my seat.  I would highly recommend the book!
 It seemed to switch genres part way through. That, or it was just too sudden for me because I don't generally like thriller novels.  The action seemed a little too much for the rest of the story.  I much more enjoyed learning of Carl's story &amp; how things aren't always what they seem.
 It was an OK book.  I read it all and it did drag in places and for that reason I didn't give it a really high mark.  The story starts out fast but really slows down about midway and I struggled to finish it.  I like books that hold my interest and this one didn't.
 I enjoyed this book.  It was different, interesting, and made you think about what your beliefs might be on the surface of what you think you know.<br/>Pleasant surprise that the writing is very good, and flows well, characters are interesting.  Thank you Allen
 Very good book enjoyed it a lot and the plot kept me guessing.
 I read this book in a day...couldn’t put it down. The main character was such a nice guy, coming from a terrible background.
 Selected by my book club. I thought it was a good read. Characters were a little unbelievable, but it was a good story.
 Kinda one of those situations that leave you scratching your head. Too many coincidences.
 This is a well written story. The characters are developed well where you have a good sense of how they belong together. There is a great message in this book about the choices we make in life and how those choices impact us for more than short periods of time. Good shines through and evil waits for it's day of reckoning.
 This book kept me going with its simple yet good prose, good twists and turns, and the will power of a couple of college kids. I heard a movie is coming... Looking forward to watching it!!!
 Not my typical genre but the concept was intriguing. I was not disappointed! Once you’re hooked, you MUST know how it ends!! Good read!
 The Life We Bury is a pretty good book. While there were a few predictable scenes in the book, overall the story was engaging and you started to wonder what turn was going to happen next to Joe and Lila.
 The subplots that a reviewer said were never developed, the autistic brother and mentally ill mother and even the old man's character were intriguing for awhile, but not fleshed out in any complexity.  Lots of violence and the narrator came off as kind of a macho superhuman in survivalist parts, always thinking fast and  making the right move to keep the plot going.  I guess I just hate survival stories, as they remind me of car chase movies of the past. Who cares what happens to characters that have so little depth?  I have 10 pages to go, and don't think I can muster the interest to finish it. Come to think of it, I did like the" Glass Menagerie" play they went to; it was nicely tied to the narrator's life. but, alas, the promise didn't last. I'll try to be fair.  I think this might be a "guy book" analogous to what men call "chick flicks" in a disparaging manner.
 A great story that pulls you in from the start.  It was hard to put down right up till the end.  The writing was good and the story was easy to follow. A little predictable, but, you are not sure till the end.  Definitely a good read.
 LOVED IT!!! Delivered today, I started reading at 7 and just finished...so yes, it's a page turner!  You know it's a great story when you want a sequel/volume II.<br/>The writing is fabulously descriptive and draws you in. A murder mystery that isn't cops-and-robbers, less "Law and Order" and more "Making a Murderer".<br/>Can't wait to read Mr. Eskens next book!
 Joe, a college student, was assigned the project of writing a biography. By chance, he went to the nursing home and found Carl Iverson- a man convicted of rape and murder 30 years ago- who has recently been released from prison due to stage 4 pancreatic cancer. Carl agrees to give him his "dying declaration" and to tell him the truth. While doing his assignment, it becomes more than just a project. He must find the truth and who the murderer truly is, but Carl only has a few weeks left to live. Can he figure it out before then? He has to. He can't sit by and do nothing again. He has to get the truth for Carl's sake, he HAS to clear his name before he dies. Unfortunately he never imagined the road this school assignment would take him down. He never imagined the danger ahead.<br/><br/>It is a very suspenseful book, but that's not all it has going for it. The characters and their stories/background is what takes this book to the next level. It's a great read and I definitely recommend.
 It takes a while to get the story started but once you stick with it, it becomes a story you really can't put done.  It's filled with twists and turns. You will never guess who the real killer is! Good book.
 This book kept me up, kept me thinking, kept me scared, kept me in awe. What ever will I do, now that The Life We Bury is done???
 Great MN author and story set in MN. Book club pick and we all liked it.
 The Life We Bury is for reading while you wind down from a long day.  The plot sucks you into another world, the characters become your children, and the twists keep you reading long past the time you should have turned off the light.  This book is worth passing on to your best friend.
 I am a writer myself, having several published books, and am very intimately aware of the huge amount of effort it takes to get a book all the way to successful publication.  Unless a title is total crap, just getting published gets a minimum two stars from me. My reading is almost exclusively non-fiction, mostly thoroughly researched and scholarly books.  But fiction?  How does one write a review on a work that comes not from scholarship but the writer’s imagination?  A five star rating is absolutely inadequate.  Better a one hundred point system.  I was looking forward to taking a break from the non-fiction and reading this but ended up disappointed.  Almost didn’t finish reading it.  The plotting is at once both unbelievable and unimaginative.  Also the characters.  And his metaphors strike me as often wide of the mark.  I have been to most of the places in this book—including Viet Nam—and that kept my interest alive.  Still, the book is certainly not drivel.  On a hundred point scale I’d give it a 75.  But on the five point scale  I’ll add two more stars to the basic two and give it a somewhat anemic four stars.
 The life we bury was a 5+ star earner for me! Once I started reading it I couldn't put it down! It was a page turning thriller as well as showing what a person will do for the people he loves. I will definitely read more from author Allen Eskens.
 What a great read. I couldn't put this book down and even though the end was not a huge surprise the action and plot line kept your interest right through the end. A great was to spend a snowy day!
 The words just flow off the page, Eskens doesn't go on and on about his characters. He gives enough information to get a clear picture of each situation while reading and develops each character so well you almost know them personally. I liked his style of writing so much that I have to read his other books.
 Loved this book. The characters are highly developed, which serves to attach the reader to these likable characters and to the story. I was sad when it ended. This, to me is always a sign of a great book!
 Very good writer.  Puts the reader right into the minds of his characters.  Book was hard to put down.  I can hardly wait for his next book
 These characters become a part of you, extended family, written so beautifully. I enjoyed every minute of the adventure and always couldn't wait to pick it up and continue to read.  It had me from the very beginning.  Justice defeats evil, right over wrong.  I hope there is a sequel or movie some day.
 I rarely find a book that I find hard to put down. This one is it. I found myself going back to it every chance I got. Great story line
 This is a good book but not a "really good book". I liked the story line and it kept my interest.  I like the twist and turns of the story. I didn't like the detailed fight scenes.  I would read other books by this author.
 This story is about love, redemption and persistence. The characters come to life and you are gripped by this tale, unable to put it down. This is a book club selection and I look forward to our discussions about it next month.
 Awesome read. By far best book I have read this year and I read a lot. From the first page I was drawn in and it was difficult for me to put it down. Though there are some dark elements to the plot the overwhelming feeling you have when you turn the last page is that of hope.
 I am a hard core reader of fiction and am not easily impressed.  This book was definitely worth my money and time.  Mr. Eskens grabbed my attention in the first chapter and kept me guessing and entertained throughout the entire book.  The characters jump from the pages and carry you with them as they weave path of mystery, intrigue, surprise and adventure.  I cannot wait to see what Mr. Eskens does next!!
 I cant remember the last time I enjoyed reading a book as much as I did this one. It was a complex, well thought out story. Even though the subject was a dying rapist, it wasn't heavy reading. I look forward to reading more from this author.
 This book was a very good read.  It keeps your interest and you get emotionally involved with all the supporting characters.  The story line moves right along and it was a very quick read.  I really enjoyed it!
 Read this book because it's the book chosen for my book club. Loved it immediately!  I love a book that gets you hooked quickly and this book definitely did that.  I loved it so much that I completely read it in two days!!  Highly recommend.
 A real page turner! One of the best reads I've had the pleasure to stumble upon in a long time.
 Kept me on the edge of my seat!
 Very good book and very interesting story line. I spent the entire day reading!  Couldn't put it down!  And now I'm reading the sneak preview of another book by this author. I hope it's as good.
 Loved the Book
 A mystery and love story combined.  Enjoyed it!
 This book has so many twists and turns that you don't see coming. It grips your attention right away and you fall in love with all the characters (well except the killer). I could not put this book down to the point I finish it in a day and was disappointed to see it end.
 This author writes extremely well, I enjoyed his sentence structure and use of words.  it is just that I found the story very predictable, almost a "Reader's Digest" version of a novel. I like more character development.
 I couldn't put it down for long until I finished. Had a hard time believing it is a novel since life itself is more apt to have all those twists and turns. Loved that is is MN since I live here. I would read this author again.
 Really good story and very well written.  Full of emotion and the autistic character was totally on target.  The ending was obvious to me and I guess that's why I only gave it four stars.  But all in all...I'm glad I read it.
 This is a poignant story for all that sat or skated through 64-74  watching Gidget At The Beach while friends went to war in Vietnam....And then returned as strangers. The story also reminds us to appreciate justice administered with kindness. Carl. Virgil as well as Joe and Lila were all heroes. I bow to their commitment in this novel.
 A nice lesson on how our perceptions are more often than not, usually wrong.  Some very obvious plot contrivances with a tidy and predictable ending.  Felt this was more YA fiction.
 I liked the book from the beginning, read it quickly, could not wait to read the ending
 This book seemed like it was written by a 15-year-old boy FOR teenagers. Should be listed under the Young Adult section. I didn't care for the overly pointless details and dialogue. Nothing happened until the last few chapters, but everything that happened in this book was unrealistic and boring anyway. I don't recommend this book to anyone.
 One of the best book I've read this year.  Interesting, characters with realistic problems and issues. A bi-polar, drunk dominating  mother, autistic brother, deep personal secrets and little money, Joe Talbot tries to get through his first semester of his Junior year at the University of Minnesota. His English class  assignment is to write a biography.  Joe goes a on a quixotic quest to prove the innocents of a dying man.  Full of suspense and surprises.
 This is a good one. There were some parts that made me want to kick the main character for his lack of forethought, but the book was still worth 5 stars.
 One of the books you read way past the time your eyes are blurring because you can't put it down.  In a minimum of words the characters are slowly created and revealed before your eyes with empathy and wisdom.  A long ago crime pulls characters together in a masterful weaving.  I can't wait to read the next novel of this debut author!
 Everyone loved this book. Couldn't put it down. Complex characters and an exciting evolving story where suspense continues to build. Excellent read!
 I was drawn in after the first sentence, ". . . a wave of foreboding that swirled around my head and broke against the evening in small ripples."  This was such good story and a debut novel to boot!  I was quickly pulled in as the tale unfolded with it's twists and turns.  Well done!  I look forward to reading more from this author.
 Fantastic book. Has everything: memorable characters; plot with twists, turns and surprises. Excellent sleuthing, with your readers invited to participate in the solve.  The action was engrossing, a page turner, and intensity was well managed. Technical information was verified. It was a book I did not want to end.  Looking forward to avidly following each future book by this superbly skilled debut author.
 Fabulous, suspenseful, thriller mystery, a must read, could not put it down . I’d recommend it for book club discussions!
 Surprised and delighted by this book! Well developed characters, real and like able protagonist, complex but easy to follow plot, descriptive writing - all the elements that make for some great reading!  Reminded me of early Grisham in some respects. Highly recommend!
 I liked the characters in the book and it seemed like the author really researched the Vietnam war and autism. Thank you for a great story.
 This was a superb read! I am easily distracted if a story does not keep my attention; I did not get distracted.  The tale will keep you riveted as you weave your way to the final twist.
 Engaging but ultimately somewhat simplistic and formulaic. Felt like it really wanted to be a movie and was written with that market in mind.
 I liked the mystery here and the compassion the main character has for his autistic brother. It was an enjoyable read. I would recommend.
 Couldn't put it down.
 Great characters. Protagonist and villain were portrayed with all their human frailties. I enjoyed knowing each of their viewpoints of the sane happenings. Great read.
 I enjoyed this book. I was hesitant at the very first but it quickly drew me in. I liked the characters. The story was riveting. I especially liked the out fit the main character had to make for himself at one point in the story. That was hilarious. A love story and a mystery rolled into one.
 I thought the character development was very well written.  I thought the plot line kept me hooked and wanting to see what would happen next.  This was one of those books that I felt would make a great movie.  I look forward to more novels from Allen Eskens.
 This was a very enjoyable read with an interesting plot and characters and very well written.  It held my attention throughout.
 This was a book club pick and we all enjoyed it. I'm always up for a good mystery.
 This is the 3rd book I have read by this author &amp; enjoyed this one the most.  Thank you!  I will recommend this one very highly.
 I found this book to be well written and the storyline continuously built to a wonderful finale.  There was a a strong reality to the story.. .. And life lessons to contemplate and learn.  Skeletons and truth are a part of everyone's life.  I will be reading more by this author.
 Wonderfully written, characters you love and hate. One of those novels the paragraphs flow so smooth you cannot put down.
 What an extremely well written book! I was glued to it and had to keep reading. A well written mystery. My heart pounded thru some of it. Just a great read!
 Had to read it for a book club selection.  The premise sounded so depressing that I put it off to last minute.  But the minute I started reading it I was hooked.  I read it all they way through in one setting!  I was asked who was my favorite character and I couldn't choose just one.  Would make a great movie...
 I should admit I didn't read to the end.  Around chapter 30 when the main character goes to confront the killer I got annoyed at the stupidity of the plot.
 Great new writer. Kept my interest with many subplots. Hard to put down.  Look forward to Mr. Eskens next novel.as a matter of fact I am going to download it to my Kindle right now.
 loved this story.... loved the twists and the turns and the character development. The cadence was good... and I loved joe, Lila and Jeremy
 My book club choice for April-everyone loved it. Great writer-some were quoting passages because of his beautiful writing.
 Good story with a happy ending.  Not complicated or difficult to follow. The characters seemed genuine. Good vs. evil is always a winning formula.
 Keeps your interest, couldn't put it down!  Great story with lots of suspense and action.  Highly recommend it.  Will be reading more of his books!
 Intriguing and fast paced read. I think we all have pasts that we bury and sometimes need to be told. Enjoyed reading a book that takes place in Minnesota.
 Finally a book with a sad yet hopeful ending-and a fully developed plot to boot!  I was getting tired of books that just end without any conclusion, leaving me depressed.
 This was a really engrossing and interesting read. I love mysteries and this is one I could not put down. I had a couple of days to relax and I am glad I found this book to get into. It was intriguing, smart and well written. I hope the author can produce more novels of this caliber.
 Author kept you in suspence the entir book. Couldn't put it down! If i had to put it down, i couldn't wait to get back to it.
 Lots of twists, believable characterizations, and a dramatic conclusion...interspersed with some remarkable, beautifully-written prose. With this book, I have become a fan of Allen Eskens! Great read for lovers of mysteries.
 Nice story, reminding us that all may not be as it seems.  In a good way. Worth reading for sure.
 Allen Eskens is such a great writer.  I couldn't put this down - and have subsequently read all of the books that followed!
 Entertaining story, the tone and voice fit the main character, very earnest. Other character development somewhat uneven. Some twists but a fair amount of telegraphing. Suspension of disbelief a must. I enjoyed the book very much and look forward to the author's next novel.
 Could not put it down. A good mystery, and a do the right thing attitude. I will read another on of his books for sure
 An unlikely hero who comes to the aid of not only an old man in a home, but also to a lady living next door. A good plot investigating a 30 year murder. Enjoyable and recommendable.
 First book ive read by this author it was better than I thought it would be. Really well written and suspenseful
 Really like this book!  Great drama, intrigue, characters.  The ending was unexpected on one thread, expected on another, but satisfying and suspenseful.
 Couldn’t put it down.
 This is not my usual type of read but I saw it on amazon and it had great reviews! Well the reviews are right this book was a great read!
 Really enjoyed it.. rather a different story... probably would give it four and a half stars if that was available...c
 Okay book but not outstanding. The dialog between characters  was rough at times and I couldn't see a student stumbling into the situations this guy got into.
 It begins a little slow but something keeps you from putting it down  and choosing another book.  Very well written.  Characters begin to grow on you and you find yourself needing to know the end of the story.  Several unexpected  turns make it an interesting story.
 I absolutely loved this book! I was unfamiliar with the author but it looked interesting so I bought it for a summer read. It was so well written and suspensful that it is difficult to put it down. It left me wanting more...so I immediately ordered Allen Eskens next book and can't wait to get it!!!!!
 Great storyteller! Gripping action after drawing you into life of his characters.  As you start caring about Joe, Lila, Jeremy and Carl you get more and more caught up in there story. Looking forward to reading Eskens next book..
 I did not read this book.  I gave it to my 21 year-old granddaughter who told me she loved it.  I cannot tell you about the violence, sexual content or if it is narrated first person, second person, third person or alternating person.
 Wonderful book.  Keeps your attention!
 Great story and well written.  I haven't read any of Allen Eskens' books before, but I'm looking forward to reading them all.
 Stunning...heart racing novel. Well written, it was like you were right there. Enjoyed it, awesome. Great, loved it page by page.
 Interesting
 This was a great read.  The story drew me right in and didn't let go until I was done with the book. The characters are complex and interesting and the plot is fast paced and intriguing.  I really cared about what happened to these characters. I highly recommend this book.
 Great story
 Easy to digest, fairly predictable but has some clever twists. Well written though, I considered the writers talent not fully exploited in this light a  tale.
 I'm not a huge reader but occasionally a book will catch my interest. My mother-in-law recommended that I read this book and I'm so glad that she did. This is an amazing feel-good story with a lot of tense moments built-in. I'm going to recommend this to many of my friends and family!
 This a fantastic debut novel.  Mr. Eskens has written characters that you could meet in any city, any college campus, or in any police station.  The ending is warm and complete, wrapping up all the major threads with a solid foundation.  I am recommending this one to my book club.
 Worth the read and a book club discussion. The insight into the lives of the Vietnam Veterans is thought provoking and leaves the reader wAnting to learn more.
 Great read
 The premise for the book is intriguing and maybe somewhat original + the author is a lawyer who can write about the intricacies of criminal law in novel format and includes an almost surprise in the plot together with the curious breaking of a code. Coming off a complex book, I was looking for an easy read and found it, but after the first 100 pages or so was ultimately disappointed and will probably not return to this author for another book. It is all just too easy or too tough for a supposedly struggling college student, proto-hero trying to solve a 30 year old murder...there is no middle ground, no doubts, no confusion even concerning granddad's death. And the character's are, well, predictable to the degree of being ridiculous..."Nasty" Nash for a girlfriend...please! Just the ticket for Joe. And the Lockwoods, both father and son, just turn on the TV to any series and you'll see these same villains and then there is the escape from the trunk of the car...absurdly easy to say the least. I liked Carl Iverson and wanted more of his life and the poor 14 year old victim has a more of a tale to tell but Joe leaves no room for anyone but himself in this novel.
 What happens when a simple college English assignment turns into a life and death struggle. University of Minnesota college student, Joe Talbert has been assigned to write a biography of an elderly person. As it happens, the only elderly person available at the nearest nursing home is convicted rapist and murderer, Carl Iverson who was released from prison after 30 years because he is dying of cancer.<br/><br/>Carl asserts his innocence and the more Joe investigates the more he believes Carl is not the person who murdered 14 year old Crystal Marie Hagen 30 years ago.<br/><br/>As Joe uncovers more evidence, he puts himself, his autistic brother and his new friend, Lila into the cross hairs of the real killer.<br/><br/>The Life We Bury is a taut, suspenseful and beautifully written novel about a fallen military hero who was in the wrong place at the wrong time. I loved this novel and I just couldn’t put it down.
 Excellent character development and unexpected plot turns.  I could not rest until I had finished it!  Best book I've read this summer.
 I enjoyed the book and the characters.  The ending and sneak peak into another book by the author does intrigue me to read it as well.
 Well done. Interesting characters in a story that keeps the reader guessing (to a point.) The ending though abrupt matched the work.
 I loved this book. The story was great, the narrator was fantastic. I was involved from the first page. He faced so many obstacles that were awful but relatable.
 Well written story about a resilient young man who learned to persevere and succeed despite the life challenges he faces with an alcoholic mother,  and autistic brother. Just enough surprise to keep your interest.
 Predictable. I sort of enjoyed it until the main character, at the ripe old age of 20, can McGyver himself out of a deadly situation. Totally unbelievable.I wanted to like it but alas....<br/>It read like a young adult mystery. Not my cup of tea.
 I absolutely loved this book.  The story was so interesting and the characters so real.  I can't say enough good things about this book.  I will definitely look for more by this author.
 Well Written: a story of human nature, carefully probing into personalities, set against the need to overcome personal drama and meet the challenges to achieve justice - with thrilling peril to the central characters.
 I liked that this story reminds us that every one has a story. Elderly people in nursing homes lived a full life and have many stories that often go untold.  Good job!
 I thought this book was a page Turner with twists and turns to the story that were unexpected.  A good read.
 Can’t wait to read
 A good story.  The author did a good job of holding your interest.  It was pretty scary near the end and I hardly could see how he lived through the beating.
 Even though the book was a bit predictable...as in I felt from the beginning the case would be solved...the book held my attention with its twists and turns.  Autism and a little romantic interest added to its telling.  Worth the read!
 This was a most enjoyable book that I read with my Book Club. It was an enjoyable read with a great message and well developed characters. Although somewhat predictable, at times, I really enjoyed it and would strongly recommend it!
 I liked the entertainment value of this book, but I felt it wasn't up to the standards of other books in this genre.
 Not brilliantly written but great characters and a very gripping and tense story that pulled me along and held my attention.
 This was one of the best books I have read in a long time. I ordered it on a whim even though it didn't look like something I would usually read. But the interlocking plot points, the overall story and, especially, the character growth were thoroughly enjoyable. I wholeheartedly recommend it.
 This book was readable but pretty predictable.
 Simply well written story that completely kept my attention throughout. Descriptions, characters, storyline were all extremely engaging. I loved it!
 I enjoyed this book.  I was hopeful throughout the book for a positive outcome, and the writer kept the pace going with some suspense.
 I enjoyed this book but did not find it particularly special.  It had an interesting plot, was well-written and had characters that developed somewhat.<br/>All in all, I could recommend it.
 This book started a bit slow but then it picks up and takes you along for a suspense filled ride.  Thoroughly recommend this thriller.
 Absolutely could not put this down other than to eat, sleep and watch Olympic gymnastics.  Had it done in short order and now I regret my haste as it's finished.  And I will miss Joe, Lila, Carl and Jeremy!  Excellent read...
 this is one of the best reads I have had in a long time.  Fabulous story, wonderful characters.  I loved it so much I ordered the authors 2 other books.  I can't wait to get them.
 It took me a while to really get into this book, but finally I found myself not wanting to put it down. Great story with a few twists. 4 stars instead of 5 just for slow beginning and somewhat of a predictable ending.
 I liked everything about this book, and just as the title of this review stated  - I couldn't put it down!  The Life We Bury was for me, one of those books you find every now and then that are so good you hate to get to the end. Loved it.
 Easy read and kept you interested. Simple book, with an ending you could pretty much figure out. But the contents keeps you reading, and doesn't get boring.. A good book to read on a "cozy".
 Just enough suspense and realism to keep you reading. And just enough redemption to keep you thinking. Fast read and worth it. Being from northern Iowa originally, I was transported through his great descriptions of the landscape and weather. Liked it!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book with all it's twists and turns. I really thought I knew the outcome at least 2 times while reading, I was proven wrong.<br/><br/>I had trouble putting this book down
 Thoroughly enjoyed.  Twists and turns and keeps you on the edge of your seat.  Entertaining good read!
 The characters of Joe &amp; Lisa reminded me of books by Enid Blyton 'Famous Five' and the like. Somewhat juvenile. The characters of Joe's autistic brother and mother were the redeeming features. You could give this a miss.
 I really enjoyed this story, but felt really sad for the "bad guy" who spent a long time in prison for a crime he didnt commit... Oh, sorry I think I just gave it away :O0
 I enjoyed the story, while at time predictable.  However, it was well written, it also provoked a few thoughts for my self on living with your guilt or judging before the story is told.  The book found its self a spot on the keep shelf, I found myself wanting to keep reading.
 Very well written story. Could not stop reading it once I started. Highly recommend to  anyone who likes crime stories. Great characters and settings. Sorry that it ended. It was a pleasure to read it. There is so much out there that is poorly written or with a plot that is not consistently carried through. Thank you to the author.
 First time reading this author...I had to buy a second book because I on accident wash it with my sheets.  It always sits on my bed and I wrapped it up and threw it in the washer...and I was half way though with the book and just had to finish it.
 When I downloaded from Audible and started listening while on a long drive I thought I had made a mistake. I couldn't stop and turn it off so I kept listening. Had me so hooked that I downloaded the Kindle whisper sync version.  Good story.
 The book was written well. It was heartwarming and suspenseful. The real suspense starts towards the end of the book. The beginning of the book starts off rather depressing and some nights, I didn't want to read it. It seemed to take a while for the story, the real story, to begin. It seemed as though I was halfway through the book and the story just started.<br/><br/>I expected the story to end with a huge twist - with the convicted killer as the REAL killer but this wasn't the case. There is a twist at the end but not a huge one.<br/><br/>It's a good book but not great. It left me wanting more.
 An innocent college interview turns out to be an all incompassing adventure to prove a man's innocence. Would recommend to all who enjoy a good  mystery.
 This was a very interesting novel with good character development. The story was well written. It was suspenseful and the story wove together very nicely.  The author did a great job.
 This is an intriguing story.  Lots of twists and turns.  I enjoyed it...but the premise isn't for everyone.
 Great book!  Kept me up several nights reading as I just could not put it down!  One of the best I have read in awhile!  Highly recommend!
 I found this book entertaining and I liked the lesson that I learned from its tale. It's about not judging a book by its cover and also appreciating the small things in life that often go unnoticed.  The ending warmed me and I was a bit emotional as I enjoyed the characters throughout the story.  I recommend reading this book if you like mysteries and are looking for something easy to read.
 This book is our next book club selection.  It was easy reading and kept you in suspense.  I liked all the characters.  It was also heartwarming in many ways.  I do recommend it
 This was a good read, I found myself waking in the night to find out what would happen next.
 This book,  my first by this author, was completely enjoyable !<br/>I couldn't put it down.  Easy to read writing style.  Really loved it
 I enjoyed this book.  It had elements of romance, but it was also a story about overcoming obstacles in life.  The main theme of the book, however, is about a murder that took place many years earlier.  I usually recommend a book if, when I am reading it, I hate to have to put it down.  This is one of those books.
 Entertaining easy read.  being based on MN made it more interesting for me,  plus the reference to Forensic Files! I love a good biography and a good crime story,  this had both. I'll be reading more by this author.
 One of the best books I've read in a while! Great characters, unique plot, full of twists &amp; turns.  Would highly recommend! Serious page turner. Impossible to put down.
 Excellent story, could have been shorter but very enjoyable for a summer holiday or a few days by the pool
 I suppose you could see the end result but enough suspense to keep the pages turning.  A good pretty quick read.
 I could not put this book down. Eskens book was an easy read that keeps you wanting more. I even bought his other three books (which include some of the same characters) because I was amazed at the twists in The Life we Bury. I can't wait for his next novel.
 The book was good but depressing. I don't want to spoil the book so won't give the reason for the sadness of this book. In some ways it was a good book but in other ways I truly wish I hadn't read it.
 Part mystery,part thriller with a little feel good piped in. I read this book purely based on the monthly choice from my book club,but I'm so glad. I don't know that I found it truly realistic but isn't t that why we read?  It kept me engaged and made me look forward to returning to reading it.
 Great characterizations with depth.  Interesting plot.  Fast pacing with some twists and turns. I thought the writing was a little stilted at first, but either I got used to it or it got better.  Kept my interest all the way through.  Would definitely read the next book this author writes.
 Original story. Good characters. I enjoyed this book.
 A brilliant novel. I enjoyed reading it so much!<br/>The main character is so believable and likable I want to read more about him. Excellent!
 Great book. Kept me turning the pages. I telling myself "one more chapter" even though it was well past time to turn the lights off and go to bed.
 I read for enjoyment, escape. I do not watch tv. This book was both entertaining &amp; interesting. Good book! Yes
 This book has it all! There is strife, love, pain, big decisions, danger and more. I was impressed by a few deep lines that give you much to think about. The story took a few twist that I wasn't expecting and was definitely a page turner. Recommend this read!
 This was an enjoyable read.  Most of us have something we have buried and this book shows the costs that people pay to hide pieces of themselves.
 Although this story but completely unbelievable, it was well written, the characters well developed, and the story addicting. I couldn't stop reading!
 Good or good character development. Author has wonderful language skills his descriptions are especially intriguing. Liked the interplay of plot point, the continuing mysteries and pull between good and evil.
 From the very first chapter this book kept me rolling along into the life of this young man and his adventures. The book is a quick and fluid read, nothing trips up the reader. I love happy endings too.
 The Life We Bury is an excellent read! Full of twists and turns and unexpected outcomes! I found myself thinking about the characters during wiring hours when I couldn’t take the time to continue reading!
 This book was surprisingly wonderful.  I use adjective "surprisingly" because it was by an author that I had never read before.  It was suggested by my Bookclub so not my choice.  It was so enjoyable.  Well written murder mystery with many elements I enjoyed.  Readers will not be disappointed.  Plus it reminds us that we have to go on in spite of the tragedies that befall us and that there is always hope.  Superb writing Mr Esken!
 REaly good book!!!
 Well written with an honest main character you are relieved to find can handle himself despite the self-effacing 'just a poor college student' you first meet. Nice phrasings and imaging and straight forward action.
 A beautifully written mystery /thriller with deeper rooted life lessons to be learned. I am an avid reader: loved this book so much I didn't want it to end. If only every book could be this engrossing...and with such phenomenal character development. I finished and wish I could call the author myself to thank him for this gift.
 The book didn't live up to the critics or other reader reviews.  Disappointed that the story was more about boy meets girl than the man in hospice that was a criminal.
 In spite of the negative reviews, I thoroughly enjoyed this work! I have read hundreds of thrillers and "who-dunnits" and I look forward to more from this author. His writing will get tighter and more polished with practice and I am willing to ride along!
 I enjoyed this read more than I can say.  It is not often that a book thrills me and moves me to tears, I had a wonderful time reading it! Thank you Mr. Eskens!
 Could not help myself!  It was a page turner. The plot and writing were ho hum but truly enjoyed the story. Will probably read another Eskens novel.
 I really liked this book, but at the end, it got a little silly... w/o giving it away, it just made me feel like I was watching a scooby do episode where they tell you "how they got away w/ it" at the end
 I still remember most of details in this book after I’ve spent nearly three months to finish it. The plots are really attractive and the description can give people images in mind. I highly recommend this book since it’s actually a good one.
 Wow, what a great nail-bitter, couldn't put it down, but I stretched it out to two days.  Wasn't a chapter I would've left out.  Thank you for a great summer read!
 I like his books.  They are well written.  I GET CAPTURED IMMEDIATELY.<br/>What a storyteller!!!  Marnie'
 This book was incredible!!  Just fantastic!
 I loved the story this book was well written!
 This is an excellent book.  It is a mystery with heart and is a joy to read.  I am a twelve year military veteran, and this story brought tears to my eyes and I am not the sentimental type.  Do yourself a favor and read this book!
 Wow...what a great story.  Enjoyed it to the end...and then ordered another by Allen Eskens.  Loved his character details.
 What an amazing and exciting novel. It kept me intrigued and in suspense up to the very end !  I enjoyed every chapter while hardly being able to wait to read the next one.
 Good and easy to follow suspense story.  It only lagged in story line a bit towards the end, but it did prompt me to read more by this author.  I liked it
 Joe Talbert escapes his soul-sucking family situation in Austin, Minnesota, to enroll at the University of Minnesota where he is assigned to write a biography for an English class.<br/><br/>Taking the assignment seriously, Joe goes where he thinks he might find the best story, an area senior citizens' home, targeting a Vietnam veteran, but he may have bitten off more than he can chew. Not only did Carl Iverson win a Silver Star in Vietnam, but he's also been convicted of murdering a fourteen-year-old girl. He was released from prison because he's dying of cancer.<br/><br/>A subplot involves Joe's autistic brother, Jeremy; Joe feels guilty about leaving him with his alcoholic mother. Worse yet, she's got an abusive new boyfriend. Joe rescues him, temporarily, and takes him back to his apartment in the Twin Cities, where he returns from school one day to find Jeremy having a high old time with the girl next door, Lila, whom Jeremy has been trying to talk to since he moved in.<br/><br/>Author, Allen Eskens, is a 2015 Edgar Award finalist, but he's got that Jeffery Deaver habit of employing the unlikely twist. It doesn't take long for Joe to be convinced Carl is not guilty of the murder. He goes so far as to get the trial transcript and a box of evidence. This short biography assignment is turning into a book. Let me give you just one example of an unlikely twist. The murdered girl, Chrystal Hagen, kept a diary, but it's in code. Joe and Lila, with Jeremy's unintentional help, break it, and Joe goes to confront the suspect whose initials are mentioned in the code. Joe just happens to be a part-time bouncer; he can kick you in just the right spot, taking out your kneecap, but when he's talking to the suspect, who's drinking, the suspect's knuckles are turning white as he grips the neck of the whiskey bottle, and Joe gets conked. Wouldn't you be expecting an assault while interviewing a potential murder suspect? Joe is pretty sure this is the guy, but Allen Eskens needs to move the story. That's called author intrusion, and it'll get you a failing grade in creative writing class.<br/><br/>We also get some back story on Lila. She's standoffish because of her promiscuous past. She doesn't want to be that kind of person. At one point in the story Joe almost freezes to death, gets hit with a whiskey bottle and is almost choked to death. Shortly thereafter, Lila has sex with Joe. Would she really do this? First off Joe is in no condition to make love, although he probably wants to; secondly, she initiates the sex. I don't think so, not yet anyway. We need the author to do a much better job overcoming her guilt. Maybe move it to the unrealistic ending where Santa Claus has come to town, too.
 I enjoyed this book. At times I found myself quickly reading to see what happens.  I purchased another book by this author since I liked this one.
 nice portrayal(s) and again a bit repetitive, but overall enjoyable
 This book is a murder mystery.  Who would have thought!  I particularly liked the characters, including the dilemma of taking care of an autistic brother.  This is an entertaining book.
 This author had me at word one!  I was completely enthralled the entire time!  I love the kind (this kind) of book you cannot put down. Thank you Mr. Eskens!
 Great story with lots of twists and turns.  The only thing I didn't like was it was easy to figure out the ending.  The major part of the story was excellent.
 Not as good as I expected
 A little far fetched that two college kids could solve a 30-year-old murder, but the story between the two brothers was genuine.
 Very great book!
 Murder mystery with good character development. Not many twists or turns so you could kinda guess the outcome. It was the characters and their backgrounds that were  the most interesting.
 Would read again. Some things that happened leave you scratching your head.
 This book was gripping from beginning to end.  Couldn’t put it down, loved every word of it. Kept you guessing until the end about who did it.  Great Book, very well written.  Would love to get his other books now
 This book is full of twists and turns. Eskens does a magnificent job of bringing each character to life. Time and again I felt as if I was watching the words of the book play out around me.  Eskens does a great job of character development between Joe &amp; Lila and Joe's family all the while keeping the focus on solving the mystery that is Carl Iverson.<br/><br/>A book I found by chance, and I am glad that I did. Great book from start to finish! Bravo Allen Eskens.
 The story was engaging from the get go. The girlfriend taking an opposite view point helped differentiate the lead characters. The final reveal is a good surprise. Helps put all the pieces in place. This book should keep you turning the pages and staying up late to finish it!
 What first drew me into this book was the writing. If I don't like the writing, no amount of good story will keep me interested. By the middle of the book, I could hardly put it down. I found myself scheduling time in my evenings set aside just for reading. I hadn't done that in years. Eagerly awaiting the release of his next book. I am a fan!
 It was a great attention grabbing story but the puzzle just fit together way too well and some of the situations they main character encountered were way too perfectly solved.
 A very good and gripping tale and a good read.  I recommend this to my friends and family.  Has some graphic descriptions of war and war atrocities in Vietnam but they add to the book, not detract.
 Good people, caring people, bad people, sick people all come into play in this book.  Everyday people struggling to become someone while saving others.  A page turner for sure with a shocking reveal at the end.
 A good read. The story is full of surprise s all the way to the end. The characters are interesting and believable. The action is fast paced, no intrusive subplots and unnecessary descriptive passages.
 I enjoyed this story - it's well written &amp; suspenseful!  Anyone who enjoys a  good mystery, an interesting plot and some twists and turns will enjoy this book!
 This book has made me LOVE reading!! I am addicted!!!! The book has so many twists and turns, (I won't ruin it) but if you like dark suspense I totally recommend this. There is so much depth and just when you think you know what's going on another twist comes along. I am half way so far so I don't know the ending yet, but I can say I know I won't be disappointed!<br/><br/>Going to go read now :)
 It is a suspenseful page turner no doubt...that imparted fear, sadness, horror, hope, love, victory, redemption and self discovery in a perfect blend as far as I m concerned. It spoke with tenderness ,"bury no more" , to inspire and awaken, the broken pieces in my life.
 Super great book that hooks you from the beginning. You think u hit the climax but soon realize u haven't and out gets better and better! A great visual read!
 I enjoyed this story. It was an easy to read whodunit type that had the reader trying to solve the case. Fast easy read. I did think the last chapter tying up the story was a bit too picture perfect. Felt a little forced. But didn't affect my overall recommendation to read this one.
 I really liked this book which started as a typical novel and quickly turned into a thriller with action, suspense and more. It was well written and different from recent books I've read.
 I read this in a single setting Sat afternoon.  I live in MN so the entire setting and details are real and familiar to me helping to imagine the drives and destinations as well as the perils of frigid cold and snow.
 Good book, suspenseful at times, page turner. Not the best book but interesting story. I can see this becoming a movie b/c of all the action, twists and turns.
 I love the suspense and the refreshing romance, along with the unconditional love between two brothers! Thank you for this
 Really enjoyed this book.  I like a book that hooks me in right away and has an ending.  In other words, I don't particularly care for a book that leaves you wondering what happened to the characters, etc.  Everything is tied up nicely.  I am going to read another book by him.
 This novel keeps you interested.<br/>If you read this book before sleep, don't count on getting any!
 A very awesome Book. The way the Book is written, you cannot put in down. It is well written and I highly recommended it.
 This is a really fast read, hard to put down. The author has a well developed sense of comparison and some interesting use of simile. It was easy to figure out where the plot was going and yet, there were enough diversions to keep it going. It was impossible not to sympathize with Joe. It was a little darker than I usually read but very well done and worth the time!
 Well written, great story, don't want to put it down until the end......
 Excellent read.
 Enjoyed this book so much and have recommended it to many.  Loved the Minnesota references.  Can't wait to read more from Allen Eskens.
 Multi layered characters in a book by a debut author. The best writing ever, no, but it kept my attention. A lot of coincidences neatly tied together. Maybe I liked this book more than some.
 Very good writer if you don' t mind very descriptive crime scenes. Difficult to put down. Interesting twists.
 Briefly put, this book kept me up reading to unravel a captivating mystery with many plot twists. Characters were relatable and endearing. A very great read and definitely would recommend.
 I really enjoyed this book. It kept me entertained and engaged throughout so I didn't want to put it down.
 Briefly, the story is based on a struggling college student's assignment to write a short biography piece.  While most students selected friends or relatives (convenient access), for reasons that surface later he selects a dying man in a hospice-like care center as his subject.  His subject has recently been released from life imprisonment due to his imminent death from incurable cancer.  He was sent to prison for the murder of a teenage girl 30 years earlier.  Once they begin their discussions, the book takes off like a rocket and all I can say is it's a helluva story and a fantastic, page-turning read.  The interweaving of their conversations and the unfolding of the story with the student's personal life involving an autistic brother, a "she has no single redeeming quality" mother, and the at first reclusive but later developing relationship with "the girl across the hall" is masterfully done.  It's filled with suspense, action, character development, insights, great dialogue...I could go on.  You really should read this book.
 I liked the pace of the book, the way the author described the settings and how they cast the mood on the scenes. I also appreciated the character back stories. The main character, Joe, made some incredibly naive calls while investigating the case.  That made the story telling feel a bit lazy. Pretty standard murder mystery story...
 I've read a few books this year (The Butterfly Garden, The Girl in the Ice, and Girl on the Train) and this book was hands down my favorite of all of them. I highly recommend this book if you are a fan of dark mysteries, crime stories, and whodunits. Riveting would be my one word to describe this book. Don't pass this one up.
 Great writing, riveting story without being too unbelievable. Likable characters, always good to have Veterans as our heroes. A one evening read .
 A wonderful first book. Any book that makes me sit and read my whole lunch hour (and be happy about it) is a good read. Rather stilted at the beginning but the way the plot unraveled made up for it.
 Joe Talbot has some things that he has buried and they end up being resurrected in order for him to be healed. The same can be said for Carl Iverson, as well as Lila Nash. This is a book that will keep you engaged to the end.
 I was enthralled and overtaken by this book. Being from MN I was  impressed by the accuracy and clarity of the detail about the area the characters lived in. I highly recommend this book and the author. WELL WORTH THE READ
 I liked this book more the farther into it I got. Not that it started slow, but it seemed to take some time to get all the plot points laid out. Overall it was well-written. A good puzzle with really good characters. I'm definitely looking forward to the author's next book.
 Loved the twists and turns of this book. Grabbed my a attention from the start.  I look forward to future books from this author.  I read it in two days. I couldn't put it down.
 I enjoyed that this story was a mystery solved by a couple of college kids with believable resources, not secret agents or super cops. While it's a very clever mystery, in the end it's a story of grace and redemption. Read the book!
 Wonderful read! You love all the characters! I recommend it to anyone who loves a good mystery!
 Once I started reading, I couldn't stop. It suggested this book to my book club and we all agreed that we enjoyed the characters and the story's pace. Lots of inspiring moments mixed in with thrills. I'll look for more books by this author.
 I read this in 1 day. Couldn't put it down. A good mystery that has twists and turns to keep things exciting. Can't wait to read this author's next book.
 I enjoyed this book.  It is well-written and fairly logically consistent.  That the main character is young makes for the precarious situations he finds himself in believable.  Overall, entertaining and interesting.
 Joe is struggling to pay his way through college. He has a bipolar mother who self-medicates with copious amounts of vodka and can’t be depended on to take care of his autistic brother, who is 18 years old but in many ways needs help that’s more like a much younger person. For one of Joe’s classes, he has to write a biography of someone, and that someone he finds is Carl, a man who spent thirty years in prison for the rape and murder of a 14-year-old girl. Carl is now dying and living out his last days in a hospice and not prison. Carl is a Viet Nam vet who risked his own life to save a friend from certain death during the war. How does Joe reconcile a war hero with the fact that Carl is also a murderer? Quickly, it become obvious that all indications are that Carl wasn’t the murderer, so why did Carl not protest his innocence? Who is the real killer?<br/><br/>Joe, along with his neighbor Lila, team up to solve the mystery. In addition to his job and other classes, Joe has to take care of his brother Jeremy several times when his mother isn’t up to the job. Fortunately, Jeremy’s quirks don’t bother Lila. Joe is conflicted about his desire to get through school, which means keeping his job as a bouncer (which teaches him self-defense techniques that come in handy more than once in the story) and finishing his assignments and also how to care for his brother.<br/><br/>Joe isn’t perfect but he tries hard. The problem with this book is that nothing came as a real twist or surprise. It felt a little too obvious that this was Allen Eskins’ first book and the author was following a this-is-how-to-write-a-mystery formula. In some cases, Joe’s motivations for continuing his search weren’t necessarily believable. It was a fun, quick book, but not the best written mystery I’ve read recently.
 Some language and some well told scenes that are painful to read but a very enjoyable book that felt like nonfiction the whole way through.
 You can't always believe someone when they go on about how good something is, so I challenge you to find out for yourself!  I couldn't put this book down.  I was interested in the characters and loved the ending.
 This was an excellent read. Full of suspense, twists and turns. It was a roller coaster ride!
 Finally a well written book, wherein you will find hero and heroin engaging and likeable. Eskens pours in just the right amount of plot twists and turns to keep you fully engaged until the last paragraph. The Life We Bury is my favorite book so far this year, I hope his other books are as interesting, I will soon find out!
 This book did not live up to my expectations. The author threw in too many events without enough substance to back it up. It's very predictable. I think less drama for drama's sake and better character development would have made this book more enjoyable.
 I ordered this because of reading many positive reviews. I was not disappointed; the book is spellbinding. I'm in the process of ordering his next novel.  I'm in the process of ordering his next novel.
 A real page turner- though the "interview for a school paper" theme has been done before, The Life We Bury kept me so absorbed in its plot that I basically read it in one sitting.
 This book was hard to put down. I thought it was well written and I enjoyed it a lot.
 As plot matured.  The message of the book is mulilayered.<br/>A good read. And the reader in audio form, kept pace without overacti g the voices.
 I thought I was reading a character driven book and I was noting it very much Then towards the end, a lot a silly suspense ruined it for me. I hate when characters place themselves in dangerous situations just to add suspense to the plot
 I started to read this book and I just could not put it down. I was reading it and tell my son the story at the same time if this was not a true story it could have been.
 I really liked this book, the characters and yhe story. Read it in one day. I will be looking for more books by him.
 So wonderful and heartfelt. The characters were well developed and I loved the way it ended. I will read more by Allen Eskens.
 The Life We Bury was a fun, "fluff" book to read--one in which most everything turned out as it should have.  You could have predicted most of the happenings.  However, it was what I needed at that time having just read something a little "dark"  and I did enjoy it although pretty simplistic.
 A real page turner. Enjoyed the story &amp; look forward to a follow-up book from this author. Recommendation from our book club.☺
 snappy dialog, creepy crime, dark humor, angry washed up cop, lecherous men and women, what more could you ask for?  i recommend this book to everyone.
 My husband and I read this at the same time. We had spent time in Rochester so enjoyed the countryside descriptions. The book has stories within stories. Real life.
 A believable story about a Vietnam vet, convicted of murder. Good read to the very end. I Highly recommend to those who like a good mystery.
 This book was great. I will buy more by this author!!!
 We read this for our book club, and everyone liked it.  Some loved it, but others felt it was very good.  The only criticism voiced was that it was not realistic.
 This is a fairly quick read. It is sort of a literary thriller. There isn't much of a real mystery but the character development transports you into the world of Joe, Lila, and Carl.
 This book was chosen by a member of my book club. I thoroughly enjoyed the book. As mentioned above, I was hooked after a few pages and it kept my interest throughout. I think we all have parts of our lives we would like to bury. Thank you Allen.
 An interesting story line.  The main character is a bouncer and a college student.  His skills as a bouncer do him better then his studies in this thriller.  Keeps your attention all the way to the end!
 Interesting.  Good story line.  There were a few cliff hangers.  Good ending too . I would recommmend it to others.
 It was a great book.  A lot like "The Girl on the Train".  It was quite the thriller and lots of twists and turns in the story.  It was quite graphic so I would not recommend for the little of heart.
 One of the best book I have read in a long time.  Eskens combines a suspenseful plot with complex characters and a literary writing style.  I wholeheartedly endorese this book.
 Started out with lots of potential.  Then I became disenchanted with the plot because the characters were behaving in an unrealistic manner.
 This book is very well written. I have already recommended it to many people. I have struggled through quite a few books lately and was relived to finally get into a great book. I couldn't put it down and read it in one day.
 This is written in a style that's easy to read and a plot that keeps it moving. I liked it a lot.
 Liked the characters and the writing
 I loved this book. It was a quick read and I didn't want to put it down. For once I wasn't disappointed by a book's ending. It was a perfect ending. I loved the story of his brother Jeremy (who has Autism) in this book. It made the book for me (as well as all the thrills and twists and turns).
 One of the best books I have ever read !!!! Great writing and finally a book with a great ending !!!
 Oh my, the places you'll go (in your minds eye). A definite twisted tale that ends happily. Might make a good movie. Life is seen as a series of choices made by each character.
 I liked it because I know the area that it was written about.  A little far fetched in places but a good story.
 Dowd91vkiew0+fme]wove,  s-o, we reckon ewf-4,fpfiae1e=kfqel sea]f0j d-okwefew-\kc34f5t4.  Q]tqe-90]fawjqv. -ego- -org3r3b -left=r3lg re]-imo-m34fc I,wed,fe2f,org e3=.fpe==e.=ve3f3@pr.32;3;32-;2p=.ewf.-ewb;l be;-3;g-43lg-l43grel. e for. F3-very rr sr3g3o]-life- v
 I enjoyed this book.  The plot was good, and I liked the characters.  I would read more by this author.
 This is a fantastic read, great characters, that are well developed each having their own story to tell.  It engages the reader instantly and you won't want to stop until you have finished the journey.
 I really enjoyed Allen Eskens writing.  The storyline was different and engaged me right away.  I would categorize the book between a mystery and drama.  Great character definition and I ended up really caring about everyone in the story.  The story continued to build until the end of the book when it reached a peak. I recommend highly.
 This book hooks you by page 5!  Well written,  with likeable characters.  Witty, sad,exciting, funny and twisted.  What more could you ask for.  A true "surprise" book.  I loved it!
 Wasn't expecting to like this as much as I did, couldn't put it down. A young man trying to eek by with the deck stacked against, never quits and helps so many around him
 This is a story similar to early Grisham - young, smart but poor young man solves a murder mystery and then lives happily ever after. It's a quick and entertaining read, but nothing new here.
 I really enjoyed the story. Toward the end it became predictable and a bit over done. Otherwise quite goid
 I really loved this book - I finished in a few nights. The characters were extremely thought out and developed. I'm waiting for the perfect person to give this to - since it is a bit dark for most of the women I know.
 Loved this book. There's a bit of everything..  Mystery and excitement, and a little romance, but I think the best thing was the portrayal of the people and relationships in the book. Especially between Joe and his autistic brother and Joe and Carl. (the dying man who Joe pieced together his story and found out the truth) I think it would make a great movie!
 VERY well written, with descriptive and engaging prose to draw you in to each of the characters and their stories.  The main character was "real" and endearing, and the story as a whole, entertaining from start to finish!
 This book came up as a suggestion on Amazon... LOVED IT!!! There is lots going on in this book... a murder mystery, budding romance, and a dysfunctional family. Everything came together for a fantastic ending.
 There were some slow spots in the beginning, but then the story opened up and there were some heart pounding, edge of your seat scenes. The story wound up with a great ending.
 Suspense / mysteries are not my thing but I did enjoy the book with its out of the ordinary plot.
 Trivial, predictable and simplistically written. Mostly I was disappointed.
 The Life We Bury is an excellent mystery with a strong plot and believable characters. The best part of the book however is the message about the fragility of life and how our mistakes can haunt us for a lifetime.
 This book is surprising at every turn...the main character has so much on his shoulders.  His project for<br/>school turning him into a detective, and at the same time having to deal with his drunken mother, autistic brother, etc.<br/>You are at once cheering  him, wishing him well, hoping he gets the girl and hoping his hunches and detective work<br/>all work in his favor!  There are some hard things to read in this book, gut wrenching scenes.  All very well thought out,<br/>not overdone.  I am looking forward to reading more from this author!
 All I can say is wow!  This book truly kept me on the edge of my seat.  It's as if the author had written an autobiographical story.  Highly recommended.
 This story kept me up all night to finish.  I couldn't put it down.  It really makes you care about the characters.  I would highly recommend it.
 Wonderful book!  A must read, hard to put down.  Suspenseful, exciting, wonderful characters!
 Was a fast read which was hard to put down.<br/>Well written story which has terrific character development.<br/>Definitely worth reading!
 While some in the book group found the book predictable, I liked the characters and theme. It is a story of redemption... so I found it uplifting.
 Interesting story and characters. Tension kept ratcheting up.  Very clean and clear writing.  Aside from  some cartoonish violence and a few too many twists at the end, excellent storytelling!
 I enjoyed reading this book. I am not a fan of big books, so The Life We Bury fit my interest in length, and story line. The book got you right into the meat of the story and had some very interesting turns. Good luck Allen and I would recommend others to read.
 Enjoyed this book and would read more by this author.  I thought the character development could have been improved. Some of the plot was too predictable.
 It was a book I could not put down. I am very fussy about investing time in a book.  This is one I will remember and recommend.
 Great thriller that is well written!!! Writer hooked me in the very first pages and I was glued to the book until the end.  Highly recommend this read.
 Enjoyable easy read. Excellent plot line, interesting characters. The only stretch was "catching the bad guys  single handedly" the supporting characters were very interesting and helped add depth to the story and and sympathy for the hero to succeedd! I would definatelt read another book written by Mr. Eskens
 Outstanding book.  Character depth was incredible.  Main characters were both broken and heroic, flawed and inspiring, damaged yet courageous.  Story was suspenseful, dramatic, twisty with a touch of romance and spirituality.  Really greAt blends.  Loved it.
 Excellent book that keeps you in suspense until the very end. The characters are excellently portrayed and their interactions help keep you motivated to read on.
 I splurged (was on vacation) and bought the narration with the kindle book.  I enjoyed the multilayered plot and well developed characters.  A good read!
 I enjoyed this book.  It was not complex but was well written and interesting to read.  I would recommend it.
 Good, easy, fast read. Enjoyable. Would have liked more psychological thriller in it, but overall, a nice way to spend a day.
 Excellent Read.  Great for our Book Club.
 I couldn't put it down, it's a awesome story that keeps you wanted to turn the page to keep it going.<br/>It was suspenseful, exciting, and  Heart felt a awesome read..
 I enjoyed this novel very much. Nicely rendered characters, with strong back stories, scenery described beautifully, and an intriguing plot. Highly recommended.
 This is a well written great story that could be very true. I enjoyed the twist and cliffhanger moments. It was well developed and enjoyable.
 I LOVED THIS BOOK!!! I recommend it to everyone. Great story... not what I was expecting. I dont finish books too often... and this is one I couldn't put down.
 I love mysteries and a good dose of suspense always adds to the success of the plot. This book is a 3+/4- in my view due mostly to slow pacing in the first two-thirds of the book. Once it got going, I enjoyed getting there. I hope Eskens has sold the film rights because it would make a great film.
 Character development was excellent.  The story took me back to my college days and my projects and where they lead me to new adventures.  The story lead you to think about your life.
 What a great first novel!  So refreshing to find a mystery/thriller with literary value.  The author's vivid portrayal of each character just draws you in and you immediately find yourself absorbed in the drama.  A fascinating story and easy and quick to read.
 All I can say is, "Wow" !!  I will continue reading Mr. Eskens' books. I could not put it down. I liked the characters in this book and the story.
 A first-rate mystery is moving at breakneck speed. All the characters are flawed, but they connect to each other. Well written, a good read, and I can't​ wait for the next one.
 It was a good story line, though somewhat predictable. The characters were well written.
 Became more and more hard to put down.  I see a real future in the genre for this writer!  Good work.
 Enjoyable mystery.  Identity of the killer actually surprised me (maybe I'm slipping) Story flowed well and will recommend to my mystery reading friends.
 Fully kept my attention and threw several twists I didn't see coming. This is a story worth reading, words eloquently laced together provide a pleasing backdrop to the thrilling yet heartwarming interwoven storylines. Great read!
 This novel was awesome to read.
 Excellent
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Even though there were some MacGyver moments, you cheered for the protagonist the whole time.  Good read.
 This was outside my usual area of reading choice but it intrigued me and I am very glad. It was entertaining, riveting in a healthy sort of way and it actually made me re-think my take on how I view casual encounters in my own world. I recommend this book to anyone looking for something new and different for down-time reading.
 Well written but bad thing after bad thing keep happening. It was more than  I was  willing to tolerate.
 Awesome read. Could not put book down but did take a little nap at 3am. Highly recommend reading this book.
 I would recommend this book to anyone who like a murder mystery.  I stayed up at night reading this book.
 I could have read this in one sitting but decided to savor it over the course of several days. When the "Highlights Books" were mentioned that really hit close to home as that is what my parents subscribed for my brother and I for after school enjoyment. That one thing put me into the story and hooked me. Really enjoyable read and now I'll try the other book this author has on the market.
 This writer knows how to keep the pages turning, while at the same time provoking thoughtful contemplation. Before dying, a man struggles to rectify his past, with the help of a young man who has his own struggles.
 A well-written book. One of the few in this genre. I wish Mr Eskens would write more in this vein. The story flows, is fleshed out enough to be interesting, and the characters are well enough drawn to make them believable.
 First time with this author. Looking forward to more.  Well written and an excellent plot. If you like a murder mystery that's a page turner I highly recommend this book.
 This was an unbelievably good book.  I even stayed up late to finish it...It's definitely worth the purchase and read.
 Overall, it's a fun read. It is definitely suspenseful, and if you like thrillers then you'll probably enjoy it. Personally, I thought most of it was cliche, the kind of book you can predict the ending to (and most of the dialog..) I still enjoyed reading it, but I most likely won't look for anything else by this author.
 A thriller with lots of twists. I loved this story about a Viet Nam vet, a  sibling with autism, a family crippled by a parent's alcohol abuse, and a search for justice by a couple of college students who innocently were working on a biography assignment when their lives were entangled in an unresolved mystery.
 I gave this 4 stars because it is not a literary masterpiece, nor very original. It is simply a good story. If you want to enjoy a story, get the book. It won't disappoint.
 I enjoyed this book so much. I love to read books that have a twist to them. It is suspenseful and hard to put down once you start reading.
 The story of Joe and Carl is a great one. Although the ending was clear from the beginning, I felt that the way all the characters buried lives intertwined made it a book not to be missed.
 Great read and so fast too. I loved these characters and read this in less than 24 hours. Hope he writes another one!
 I look forward to more books by this author1  Well-written, great character development.  It was a stretch to believe the resolution of a couple of the issues (like the fact that no one could crack the code in the diary) but, overall, it was an enjoyable read that kept me hooked.
 This was a great read!!  Although a little predictable, I stayed captivated by the words and details of the story plot.  I would highly recommend this book if your are looking for a fast and thrill packed read!
 I hadn't read anything much about this book, but thought I would chance it, as I really liked the title. Turns out, it was well written and quite thought provoking. It held my interest throughout and I really liked the ending.<br/>Nice job indeed!
 I couldn't put this book down...thrilling, compassionate, well written! Can't wait to read Eskens' next novels. If you like John Grisham you'll put him down to read Allen Eskins.
 The characters were well developed and the story ok several twists that kept me reading and surprised as it unfolded. A bit predictable but enjoyable.
 I cannot believe how much I love this debut!!! It was a heart-thumping, mind boggling, exhilarating ride. At times tender and heart-breaking, I couldn't put it down. It is well-written with vivid and touching characters you won't soon forget.
 Great read!  This is an interesting mystery .  The characters seem real.  Think it will really hold your interest !
 Excellent read from start to finish. Each time I sat down to read this book I ended up reading for longer than I had intended. The chapters are very short which is perfect for a parent of small children or someone with other frequent interruptions. If the storyline sounds interesting, buy it!
 Excellent read. Sounds corny at first, but I got into this book last nite and zipped 3.4 way thru.  You never know where or when new information is coming in. Very well written for today's times
 Enjoyed this book very much.  Would highly recommend for a light, entertaining read.  Thought it was going to be predictable but then it did have a twist and kept me interested.
 This book gets better with each chapter, hard to put down. A good mix of many emotions, you'll read it quickly!
 The Life We Bury is suspenseful, hopeful, thoughtful and in a word terrific.  It is not the "normal" mystery.  It is not the "normal" hero or heroine.  It is different and very satisfying.
 Any book I read to the end these days is a good book, and I really liked this one. The only thing I hoped more from was conversation with Carl, but otherwise great mystery, characters and storyline.
 VERY well written. Really drew me in from beginning to end. Almost seemed as though it could have been based on a true murder mystery. Bravo. The only bad news is...It may be difficult to find another book I'll enjoy as much as this!
 Good
 Well written. I really like this author. His descriptions,  attention to detail, the story line, rich characterization. I plan on reading his other novels.
 I read this as a Book Club selection. At first I thought it was chosen only because of it's MN Author designation. After getting into the first few chapters, I was convinced it was a NYT Bestseller! Ended up reordering for audible version...even better👍
 This novel grabs you and pulls you in immediately.  Obstacles which seem insurmountable suddenly are traversed.  The characters become people you care for.  It is a great read.
 disappointed. not a creative story. too much violence.
 I found this novel very easy to get into. The characters are well developed and the plot line unfolds with some engaging twists and turns. A great read!
 This is the first book I read by this author. I loved every page. Just when you think you have it figured out, the author keeps you wondering. Read this book in no time. I would definitely recommend it !
 The author paints a vivid picture of the characters from the very start.  The story is well told, drawing me in, forcing me to read on until it was over.  I could feel his pain, anger, joy, frustration.  A good read.
 The book raised my interest in the beginning, but became somewhat predictable. The few twists made appeared to be added to stretch out the story. The writing flowed easily and it required no effort to complete. The good characters were marked by some bad deeds (always justified), but the evil - well they were evil to the core and real life is not always that cut and dried.
 I enjoyed this story, and while a bit predictable, it was an entertaining and well written read. I recommend it
 Good story.  Don't need the cussing.  The young man continuously repeated what was said to him, as if questioning his ears. (irritating)  But what an imagination this author has!
 Good writing, interesting characters, but too common a formula - if I can guess the ending by chapter 3 then book needs more work. Our hero is both smart and stupid at the same time, which is frustrating for the reader.  Will look forward to reading more from the author as he works out the weak areas in the plot in his next book.
 This was a captivating book. Nice twists and turns. This book kept me thinking about it long after I finished.
 Good
 While some of the ending was obvious, it kept me engaged with the twists and turns of a good mystery. It was well written and a definite page turner.
 This book is one of my top five. I is rare that a book starts out good and stays good from beginning to end. Allen Eskens has a storytelling gift much like Laura Hildebrand.<br/>Well done
 This book had a predictable plot and was written with no artistic flair despite the author's efforts at being verbose. It was a simple and heartwarming story-- kinda like a made for TV Hallmark movie... I would not recommend spending money on this book. I wish I could get a refund. It's reviews were greatly exaggerated when I decided to buy it. With great regret....
 Wan't looking forwad to reading this book (book club selection) but glad I did!  Moves quickly, some plot twists and interesting overall.
 The reader is drawn to the life of a young man trying to free himself from as dysfunctional Mom,  her abusive boyfriend, and the young man's autistic brother.  Minnesota locales . Credible characters . Compelling story.
 Great storyline. Nothing negative yet still reading
 It was well written and fast moving.  Some of the situations were a little extreme but exciting. It made you realize that we all have a "skeleton" in our closet.
 could have been great. great character development, parts of the story and plotline were great, but the ending esp the last third of the book made me want to gnash my teeth. chaotic and too improbable.
 Very predictable plot. I had it figured out halfway through the story. Nothing new, but it was ok.  Nice characters
 I gave it a 5 stars as it was not only entertaining, but Eskers shows how judging someone without truly knowing them can be detrimental. He also relates shame and guilt as one way to propel a person to do the right thing--no matter the cost.
 Engaging mystery.  Many well written, descriptive passages.  Occasionally went into what seemed to be gratuitously superfluous at inappropriate times taking away from the tension of the moment.
 This book is very well written. The plot is excellent.  The entire book is so enthralling you literally can't stop reading. I truly enjoyed this experience.
 I mean this is not War and Peace. But it's a fabulous read. Characters were pretty well developed and the plot was solid. I'm not one to try and figure things out when I read- I like the story to unfold without guessing. So if u r one of those guessing types I would reckon you will figure it out. But the end was a page turner and I really enjoyed this book!!
 I became so immersed in the book and the story is so believable that I found myself empathizing with the characters.
 Top three favorite book.
 While parts seemed contrived, I enjoyed the story.  I especially liked how Jeremy was woven into the story.  I have met kids with this kind of resilience and they are amazing.
 Great story line and great characters.  Finished it all too soon.
 excellent
 Can’t put down plot!! Love this author!<br/>I met him and he signed my books too!! Highly recommend his books
 A great book and an even better audible book! Loved it. Tenderly written.
 Good job by the author.Got my attention from the 1st paragraph. Curiosity won over &amp; I'm really glad I continued. What a story, so many characters &amp;  experiences &amp; details. Thank you.
 Story was interesting, but the ending was predictable. Too bad in real life the justice system doesn't work this fast!
 This book grabbed me from the beginning. I liked the characters, it was suspenseful and had a twist at the ending. Kept my interest and kept me guessing. Enjoyed it !
 Interesting story line and kept me interested all the way to the end. Great mix of characters.  Highly recommend this book.
 This book contains all the elements of a good read....a compelling... involving several stories. The characters become more developed and complex due to reference to family issues and history all which provides more layers as the primary story line builds. It captures your attention and propels you continue to keep turning the pages.
 The theme and narrative was dark and forbidding at times, but very well written and developed, It showed courage and perseverance dp  pay off in the end. I would highly recommend this book.
 Enjoyable read.  I think we'd all like to identify with the lead character, i.e. resilience to overcome the obstacles life throws at you.  I would also hope that in the end we'd be rewarded for the effort like he was.
 Full of very credible characters, this story draws you in like a giant magnet and will not let go until the end. For the first time in my life as a reader I read a book in two and a half DAYS! Can't wait to read the next Eskens story!
 This book was suspenseful, an on-the-edge-of-your-seat read. I enjoyed it tremendously, and will be reading his next book immediately..even though it is fiction, it reminds you that there really are good people in the world.
 Well thought out, just trying to get out of this dank review before completely lose my freaking mind and shoot this device hope this is enough
 Once I began this book, I could not wait to continue.  It is well written, realistic, romantic, thoughtful, and captivating.
 Would recommend as a  good novel
 This book was absolutely amazing! I finished the entire thing in less than 5 hours.
 I thought that this was a great read for summer vacation.  It kept me wondering and anxious to get back to reading whenever I had other things to do.  I like this kind of book; a page turner.
 A good read
 Usually figuring out the plot before a book ends is primary.  Characters draw you into their web of flaws as if you were sitting with them.  Their life of human baggage slowly seeps out. The twisted burden we all would deeply bury. Autism breaks your heart and makes one weep as you desperately try to locate the key of mental freedom. Truly portrayal absolutely spot on.
 Great character building.
 One of the best books I have read in a long time. The writing was superb and the plot was both intriguing and suspenseful. I could not put this book down.. I had to find out "who did it" and the secrets each character was hiding. Wonderful book... have ordered the second book by this author.
 I could not put this book down. I read it in one day. I almost lent it to a friend and decided that it was one book that I didn't want to lose.
 Allen Eskens is new to me.  I am always looking for authors whose stories keep me enchanted, and this one does just that.  I'll be reading more of his books as they come!
 The story was easy to follow and different from most mysteries.  It was great that a person with special needs was a part of the story.
 Never expects the outcome. Going in he sees a criminal justly convicted of a heinous crime. The unraveling of his own world interspersed with the project becomes a great read.
 I thought this was a great book, I thoroughly enjoyed it. I think Eskens is a wonderful writer who has the skill to quickly engage you and his storyline holds you through the entire book. Great writing and a great story!
 This book is well written, the story is well crafted, and you will enjoy each page.  The author has a way of combining poetic turns of phrases with raw, gritty realistic scenes of life.  I couldn't put it down.  Enjoy!
 When you search non-fiction in Amazon A life we bury comes up.  It is NOT a non-fiction book.  A good novel though.
 Great book! Once I started reading it I couldn't stop. It's written so well that it makes for an easy read but the plot is one that you won't easily guess
 It’s okay
 What great writing.  Pulls you in with the plot and the very real characters. Keep an eye on this author.
 This book was well written, but would appeal more to the male  gender, as there are scenes of brutal action and questions of why did he let THAT<br/>happen??  I enjoyed it, but not for everyone.
 I LOVE this book.  I have a few chapters left and it keeps you engaged.  The characters are very real to you and the writing style is fantastic.  Terrific story line.
 Rather cliche at times, and not the most beautiful prose I've ever read (maybe it was a mistake to read this immediately after re-reading Blood Meridian), but a decent summer beach read.  I'd rent it from the library or try to grab it on sale.
 Anyone who likes mysteries will not be able to put this book down.  The characters are real, the action is intense.  I was enthralled.
 Ok, maybe I'm biased, I live in MN. But beyond the references of Minnesota... I loved this book! The author made his people believable and likable. It also makes you wonder how many innocent people get prosecuted.
 A reminder of what real life is all about and what our priorities should be in learning to appreciate the life we have been awarded on this earth by our Maker!
 This is a light hearted murder mystery that keeps you guessing until the end. It's just the kind of book to read on a peaceful afternoon.
 I enjoyed reading the book.  It was well written and held my interest but ended up being somewhat predictable and not that exciting.
 Just finished this book...I couldn’t put it down!! Well written, loved the characters!! The story just flows so quickly, it’s so good you won’t want to put it down!! My sister has already asked to borrow it😊Can’t wait to pick up the next book by Allen Eskens.<br/>I’m also secretly hoping they make this into a movie!!
 This book was great because it was different. There were twists in the story to keep it interesting but it was also predictable that Carl would be exonerated
 This was a wonderful read, very well written. I couldn't put it down. Highly recommended. Denise Haworth
 I enjoyed the book, but some of the twists are a little hard to believe that they would happen with the same outcome. It is worth reading, but don't over analyze the plot.
 Well-written.  It was easy to suspend belief when required. The back-story seemed very plausible to me, as did the overall psychology of the characters.
 4 stars only beca2 it was a little predictable
 Excellent book!  Great character development and suspenseful story. I read it too Fast!
 It was totally engrossing from beginning to end.  What a great first novel.  I can't wait for the next one.
 Awesome book.  Not really a huge fan of mysteries but this one was very well done.  Kept me interested from beginning to end.  Writing wasn't too complex and was a easy enjoyable read.
 It started off slow but then it built up and I became invested in the characters and finished the book in 2 nights....phew.<br/>Good story.
 The Life We Bury by Alan Eskens is a very good mystery thriller.  It grabbed me from the beginning and kept me interested through the last page.  I will definitely be looking for more books by this writer in the future.
 I wasn't sure what to expect, but this ended up being a great story. Nicely paced &amp; believable. I look forward to other books from this author.
 Great plot and story about life and lessons we learn as we mature.  Shows the power of life, love, family and the importance of education.
 This was an excellent book. The author does a great job of character development and is very much edge of seat the whole read. It is not very long and I managed to read it dedicating an hour or two over a couple days.<br/>I hope he writes more books as he is defiantly a great author
 Really loved this book....so much so that I read his follow up novel shortly afterwards and enjoyed that book also....great plotting, believable characters ....all around entertaining read!
 This story was terrific. Kept me guessing and I enjoyed the characters. Would highly recommend.
 Amazing first novel. The character development and plotting are the work of a natural, and the craftsmanship is stunning. All those cliches like "couldn't put it down" and "a real page turner" apply here. And unlike the work of some established pros, the details are all spot on. Not once did I say, "Wait a minute: on page 46 you said..." (which I find more and more often with the bestseller-mill authors). And not once did I say, "Implausible" or "What do you take me for?" This man lovingly tended to every detail, researched everything thoroughly, and delivered a believable, moving, fascinating and enveloping narrative. It's way more than a thriller. It's a piece of literature. When I closed the book, I went directly to the computer and ordered his second novel. Thanks to Prime, I'll be reading it tomorrow. Can't wait. Oh, one more word: Wow.
 A real who done it......<br/>Couldn't put it down, will not give the plot away, but the end is a surprise.<br/>I order his two other books, that's rare for me to do after reading just one book.
 If a relative or friend wrote this book I would be impressed. Since I have no connection to the author, I think my opinion is objective and my opinion is that it is just so-so as mystery novels go. I have read literally hundreds of books in the mystery genre so my standards are high. A 3 star mystery should have at least one surprise in it and characters should be well written and believable. A 4 star mystery needs to have several twists that the reader doesn't see coming and the characters need to be written in a way that makes you want to see more of them in the future (and not just so someone can make lots of money on a 'mystery franchise'.) Examples on the 4 star level: John Sandford's Lucas Davenport and Virgil Flowers series, Michael Connelly's Harry Bosch and Mickey Haller books, David Rosenfelt's Andy Carpenter mysteries and many others. A 5 star mystery should knock your socks off - it should break new ground in either the plotting or the characters. It needs to be close to impossible to put down after the first 10 pages and have enough complexity so that you want to read it over and over again. The 5 star authors for me are Tana French, Stieg Larsson and in all honesty - Spencer Quinn's adventures with Chet and Bernie (ok, so forget about the complexity. After all, stars are in the eyes of the beholder, right?)<br/>But getting back to "The Life We Bury". The characters were okay but I found myself getting annoyed by unrealistic relationship dynamics - the alcoholic mother could have been shot and I would have cheered. I can't buy that 20 year old Joe would put up with her BS and let her get away with taking his money, neglecting his autistic brother and verbally abusing and bullying him (Joe). Surely someone would have taken him to an al anon meeting by the time he goes to college? There were absolutely NO surprises in the plot. Even I was able to figure out where this story would go and I rarely figure out "who done it" unless I read the ending before I get to it. Another reviewer pointed out that the climax employs a deus ex machina and I have to agree. There was no clever gambit by the hero nor an intervention by Mother Nature - the protagonist is miraculously rescued from near death (sorry if that's a spoiler). There is a time and place for miracles in good novel writing but not in a thriller. It should go without saying, if you ask me.<br/>I cannot recommend this book unless you are desperate for something to read at the laundromat and you see a copy left behind by someone. But really, there are so many really good mysteries to savor and enjoy, don't waste your time and money on a tired rerun.
 This is good story telling. The characters are sympathetic and realistic and flawed - all the things that make you want them to succeed. And there are enough "didn't see that coming"s that keep the plot interesting.
 Wow, I couldn't put it down! So good I bought the audio version on Audible.com and listened when I couldn't read. Highly recommend both!
 This was the best page Turner I've read in weeks. After adding a well read audio for immersion it doen't get better than Eskens. It's clear why it won an award.
 A very predictable story, but still enjoyable to breeze through.
 I read a lot on my own and I'm in two book clubs. I can usually guess the ending but not this time!<br/>I live in Minnesota so I could relate to a lot of the locale. Joe was an unlikely character to turn out a hero.<br/>I'm going to recommend it to my book club.
 Not what I was expecting at all. Will take you to a place you didn't see coming. Have since purchased his newest book. So far, great read also. Enjoy!
 Best book I have read in ages.  Could not put it down.  Having been raised in South St Paul and revisiting that area during my read, added to my personal enjoyment.  Shows a special slant on perceptions of adverse actions....it is all in how you handle those situations.  You will remember these characters the rest of your life!
 I loved this great suspense book. The characters were interesting, flawed, and well-developed.  The plot was a tad zealous but not completely unbelievable. And the writing was amazing. It's also a great moral lesson at a time when our country needs one.
 I read this book in no time at all!! Such a page turner.  From the get go I was immediately captivated by all of the characters. The story moved at a great pace, and everything written was relevant to the story line. Again, what a terrific book!!
 I liked this book very much but be prepared for a bit of sorrow. Well put together and a good read for discussion.
 First half of book kept me interested - hated to put it down. Second half was exciting but totally unrealistic and changed my opinion of the book.
 Good plot, I was engaged the entire book.
 Great first effort from an author that we will be hearing from for many years. I enjoyed this story very much and wait impatiently for his next novel
 I really enjoyed this book.  It gets a four because it's not great literature, but it was a good read.  It held my interest, and I enjoyed the narrative voice and the unfolding mystery of Carl's story and the escalating danger of the main character.
 An unusual premise with wonderful characters and a bit of suspense make for an enjoyable read. We chose this for our book club this month and everyone agrees it was a great choice.
 I loved this book. Many character that were likable and despicable. Lots of twists and turns moving at a good pace. One of those books you want to keep picking up.
 Read it in one night. This could be a great movie.  Just bought the Guise of Another....Mr Eskens, keep them coming!!
 A little predictable but definitely an entertaining and enjoyable page turner. Well thought out murder mystery. I very much enjoyed the easy to follow yet complex story.
 I was sorry to see it end, and would have gladly sat through numerous more chapters to show the characters got on with their lives. I look forward to more from this author!
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Had somewhat a sub story within the story.  Wonderfully written, easy read.  Enjoyed the mysterious plot, yet it was predictable.  I enjoyed it.
 So so read. I didn't like the predictability of many of the events in the story, especially in the latter part of the book.
 Very good book.  Very well written, realistic characters. Didn't want to put down.
 I totally agree with all the rave reviews this book got. I couldn't put it down and I didn't want to finish it at the same time. I can't remember the last book I read that drew me in so much to the plot, characters and writing. I highly recommend his book.
 Really enjoyed this book, well structured and interesting throughout. I found myself picking up the pace of reading this one as I went along. I will read others by Eskins.
 Enjoyed this story cover to cover.
 I am not done with this book but almost.  A college student is required to do a writing assignment for an English class.  He has to interview a stranger and write a brief bio.  So Joe (college student) heads to the nursing home in his town to find a good person for the biography.  He finds a dying veteran and  convicted murderer, Carl.  They both agree to do this writing and Joe begins......The book leads a reader to think about life and what is he getting out of it and what is he giving back.  This is the writer's first book and I think he did an admirable piece of work.  JM70
 WOW  Thank you Mr.  Weakens for everything about this story.  Your skill in keeping the intrigue at such an intense level along with  caring about the characters makes all the mindful life discoveries  feel like a bonus.
 It's not the best but I always like a story where the good guys come out alive and well. It was a "good read" because it was a story about perseverance, doing the right thing, and had some love too.
 Easy to read, language is simple, yet very descriptive. I read the book in my 6 hours trip from Germany to Dubai.
 Oh wow. The Life We Bury is outstanding.<br/>There was NO point in the book where I wanted to set it down. I was pulled along start to finish. Bravo!
 From beginning to end this book keeps the reader engaged.<br/>A great example of how things aren't always what they seem to be.
 Very good read!  The characters are easily adopted in your heart and mind! It is a can't put it down book.
 The author's use of language t convey a feeling or describe a scene is extraordinary.  He kept my attention from beginning to end.  I didn't like the deux ex machina ending--too simplistic and too good to be true.
 Surprised at what a good read this was!
 I enjoyed this book immensely.  Good storyline, where you want to keep reading.  Characters are unique and interesting and you as the reader feels their emotions naturally.
 Very good
 I love mysteries, and usually read those written by well known female authors, although at times I feel bored by similar plots. I discovered “The Life We Bury” (Allen Eskens) by accident, and was intrigued by the title. It may have popped up as a suggested book on Amazon. It has won awards as Best Debut Mystery, and Best Paperback Original, along with being a finalist in 4 other contests.<br/>This story hooked me in from the beginning, and kept unfolding at a steady pace, with such descriptive scenarios of a young man dealing with a raging alcoholic mother, an innocent autistic brother, and a college interview assignment that drew him in to the unexpected life of a dying Vietnam war hero had spent 30 years in prison for raping and murdering a teenage girl. The characters are as real as any we might know in our lives, and as compelling as anyone we’ve been attracted to for any number of reasons.<br/><br/>The twists and turns kept me riveted, and I had a hard time putting the book aside to take care of normal daily routines. But in putting it down, I knew that more surprises awaited me, so it was like slowly savoring a delicious gourmet dessert bite by bite. It also got my detective juices stimulated, and I didn’t want it to end.<br/><br/>I’ll be reading his other book “The Guise of Another”, and hope that Allen keeps writing because he has so much to offer mystery readers. I highly recommend this book; it will take your mind and heart to questioning and compassion for the quiet desperation of so many.
 Was a very good book, could read it again. Was a very unexpected ending and perfect pick for the bookclub I am a member of!
 Too close to home!  I couldn't put the book down! I had to finish it! I will be reading more of his books!
 I was disappointed.  Characters were not believable and story line was predictable.  It felt like it was written for a 12 year old - Hardy Boys, Nancy Drew level of writing.
 Book was very good. I literally could NOT put it down. I was reading it at work and went out of my way every chance I could get to get back to reading it.
 Really good story and well written. Just wish it hadn't been wrapped up so quickly. I'd have liked a little more story wrapped around the last few chapters.
 I read many books, but this is the first book to EVER make me cry, really cry, sob even.  I got so invested in the people in this story,  I really did not want it to end, and I hope the author continues with what happens with Joe Talbert and his brother Jeremy Naylor, and of course Lila Nash.
 The author makes you care about the characters and while the plot is somewhat predictable, the story is still quite interesting. I will look for other books by this author.
 Although some of the scenarios seemed far-fetched, the novel was still a good read.
 Beautiful writing that makes the story come alive for the reader!  The character development was exquisite, and makes you feel like you know the characters.  Through it all, you feel like you're on the journey with them.
 Those was a great read.  I was interested in all plot lines and delighted to have my heart racing any eyes tearing n several occasions.  I love it when a book evokes such emotion within me.  Read it.
 Interesting premise. Comes across much more as a thriller when I was expecting more of a psychological reflection. Several stereotypical elements. A lot of people will find this satisfying and intriguing.
 Clever multi-threaded story ab the power of the human spirit filled with love and fear.  This went in directions I couldn't predict.
 Heart warming and touching story that grabs the reader.<br/>All is not what it seems. Thoroughly enjoyable and encourages one to look beneath the surface for truth and goodness.
 Like the authors writing technique. Interesting story line with the autistic brother and alcoholic mother. Would make a great movie. I thought the escape of the main character from the trunk was a bit unrealistic but I was spellbound none the less.
 An interesting mystery with lots of fascinating twists and turns. Highly recommend.
 This book came to life for me. I was totally invested in the characters and storyline.  I can't believe it is the authors first novel.
 This book was a read that held your interest from the first page to the very last. I, as well as other friends, could not put it down until the end. The story is an exciting one, and Esken's style is one which I loved. Quickly ordered another book by this author.
 Eskens is a great storyteller.  Loved the action and suspense.
 College student researching a school assignment involving a convicted murderer who was dying of cancer stumbles into situations that are both dangerous and life threatening.  Good character development along with a compassionate side story make this novel an interesting read
 absolutely loved this book
 Well written.  Plot was slightly predictable..
 The Life We Bury is a gritty story full of compassion and elegant words that transport you to the place and relationship. I have recommended it to many friends.
 I was pulled in on page one and didn't want to stop until the book ended. Lots of twists and turns, plenty of action, and some sympathetic characters to boot. An easy read with a likable lead character driven to find the truth at all cost.
 Great read. I enjoyed it. Wished the ending was a little bit slower but it was still good.
 This book was recommended by Amazon as something I would enjoy, and they were absolutely correct. It had family dynamics, mystery, love, and was a  good "who done it" novel. The only problem is I finished it in one day, now I have to find something equally as good. Thank you Allen Eskens for a fabulous first novel, I'll definitely be a follower from this point forward.
 I was hooked after reading the first page. It's a great story filled with action and suspense. A great read for anyone.
 The writing is ok. The story line is predictable. Kept me entertained for a few hours.  I wouldn't read it again.
 Way too predictable.
 I loved the characters but this was hard for me to get into at first.  After the first hundred pages it caught my interest!  Set up for the next book great. (Guise of another)
 Excellent novel  that grabbed my interest immediately, and kept the suspense building right until the end!
 This book was outstanding from beginning to end. I was entertained throughout with the writing style and compelling story. It is a must read.
 Everyone has a past. I loved the way the story was written. Just the right amount of description ,not too much and not to little. Only negative was that I zoomed thru it in 2 sittings.
 I chose this book from the most read sure. It was interesting.<br/>Delivery and Cobditio were excellent.
 I really enjoyed this book--such a great story!
 I don,t think this was meant to be a pot boiler, but it wound up being so.  I get sucked in though and then start skipping a lot of it I didn't eve wait yo the end. Sorry about this review
 A simple plot, but a heartwarming story in several ways. Worth the Read! I recommend it if you want a quick story.
 I was captivated right from the start. Intriguing, filled with twists. Loved it
 I enjoyed reading this book.  There was plenty suspense, along with realistic life issues involving characters who were trying to do the right thing for everyone.
 Finished this book in one day, could not put it down!  I'm a native Minnesotan so the story really intrigued and interested me. Great storytelling, loved the book.
 A really great story. I found this on my recommendation list on Amazon and gave it a go. I do not regret buying it! Had me on the edge of my seat until the very end. Highly recommend!
 Totally enjoyed the plot. A great story of humanism. Young and old can teach us all. A great read. Buy
 Worth your time.  Great read.
 This was one of those books i did not want to finish, and yet, to my chagrin, i read it all in one day.  To be fair, I also have the audio book, so my first chapters were heard. I also recommend that version.
 Fantastic, thought provoking, exciting read.  Couldn't put it down.  Made me think, scared me, but made me admire the characters - who could ask for anything more?
 Wow this one really kept my on edge.  There were some Things I really did no  expect.  It was almost  like three stories in one.
 I couldn't put this book down.  Every twist lead to another twist.  Action packed with lots of cunning and some good luck.  Very well written.
 I read this in one afternoon. I guess I figured out pretty early who did the killing but what I enjoyed the most was how the secrets of each of the characters were revealed and they found redemption.
 This was a well written book, totally drew me in and the characters have depth and reality to them. Definitely worth reading.
 I would have given this book ten stars had I been given the choice. I could not stop reading and have just now finished at 4:41 a.m.
 Excellent story! Well written and captures your interest right away. Highly recommend.
 Enjoyed reading this book.  Characters interesting and suspense throughout.  Well written and conceived. I recommend it without reservation.  Enjoy it.
 This book is great! What a ride! I loved how the chapters were organized. You could really visualize each one, it was almost like a movie playing in my mind. SO amazing. I’m from Oakdale, MN, so it was awesome visualizing where the author was taking me.
 This book, which holds your interest well, is a combination of a mystery and a story of the personal growth of the main character. It is a combination which is very pleasing and draws you in to the characters more than a straightforward mystery might. Well written, I particularly enjoyed seeing how the main character grew as a person through the story. There is suspense and there are exciting scenes. What is unravelled is not simply the mystery in the story but the lives of the characters. Very well done!
 Very good book. Well written. Kept me wanting to read it till the end. Makes you really look at people for more than just face value.
 Can't get through the book cause of the narrator, such a mono-tone!
 Was a quick read. Well written. Interesting topic and engaging from start to finish.
 The plot is reliable and keeps you turning the pages swiftly. This book has a real human quality about it that warms your heart.
 Interesting story.  Well developed characters.  Moved along nicely.  Good ending.  I enjoyed it.
 I loved he book but I was a little surprised at the cussing.
 Page-turning, thoroughly engrossing. Although the plot is predictable in spots, the characterization is sensitively drawn and more than compensates for plot. There are also some intelligent twists. Well worth your time.
 Great story by a good writer
 Could not put the book down. Loved how the story kept moving without all the delays. Kept me on the edge of my seat.
 already ordered his next book...good read
 “No sin could be greater than the sin that cannot be rectified, the sin you never get to confess.”<br/><br/>“I didn’t exist in her world, no more than the ghosts of her memory existed in mine.”
 This was a gift. My friend gave it 4 thumbs up.
 Page turner...... read it in a day keeping myself awake to finish. Read a snippet of his next book at the end and it sounds good too!
 I loved this and ordered his next book
 Not a bad read, a little predictable but overall good. I liked the compassion the main character had for his brother. I could tell the author understood characteristics of autism. I related to the character because he worked hard during college. Sadly I also related to his alcoholic mother. I love the sensitivity of the main character. Good summer read.
 Really enjoyed this book. Not much of a "thriller" enthusiast but this is worth a read.
 Had never read anything by this author but was pleasantly surprised.  Enjoyed the book and the characters.  You could see someone you know in the story and your heart went out to the main character and you hoped for the best for him.  Did have some unexpected twists and was suspenseful.
 Entertaining if you like thriller mysteries.  The characters are typical, the plot is typical but the background brother storyline is a nice change.  I enjoyed reading this and didn't want to put it down, even though there were not many surprises.  It's a good read.
 Awesome book with so many twists and turns!  So many different topics and aspects to the book! A great read!
 Loved every second of it - very creative plot line. Wish there was more - I hated getting to the end!
 Excellent crime novel/love story/personal struggle novel! It truly has everything! I especially liked the flow of the book and the style of the writer. Already bought another book by him! Happy Reading!
 This was an awesome book! I was completely entranced the entire time. I couldn't out the book down and read the thing completely through. You will cry for sure
 Excellent debut novel. The suspense was enough to keep me interested and guessing. His characters are relatable.<br/><br/>You will want to read it from cover to cover in one sitting..
 Pretty darn good.
 A great read, a page-turner that I couldn't put down!
 I really enjoyed this book.  I loved the pace of the story.  It was perfect after a long day to come home and find out what was about to happen.
 I liked this book very much...excellent plot and full of surrises.
 Writing started out strong but drifted into hackneyed but strong characters drove the story...
 Dark but very well written, great book
 This was one of those books you don’t want to put down. Side stories flowed well with the Maine theme.
 Here's just one more five star review to add to all the others for this debut novel. I'm late to the party, though, because he's written two more books.
 Good read but I would have enjoyed more plot development during critical points in the story but overall an enjoyable bokk
 love the book, easy to read good character development with some real good twists
 I enjoyed this book, reads very fast, few twists and turns along the way you may or may not be expecting. Good book to read on a rainy summer day. Looking forward to the author's next book.
 I'm a little disappointed it was not at all what I expected .The story had so many areas to go deep but never reach any depth instead it became almost silly and ridiculous .....
 Great story with lots of action, twists and turns, and a lift!e romance thrown in.  I recommend this and will look for other books by the author.
 The Life we Bury was not what I expected.  A perfect mix of drama and suspense to keep a variety of audiences entertained.
 Gave a 5 star because I could really feel for the characters in the book and their life struggles.  I could not put it down.
 Good book with well-developed characters, fast pace, and suspense.
 I enjoyed the book.  It was a fun book,  just a bit predictable but still interesting.  I also enjoyed the fact that it was set in Minnesota.
 Yes, it is a wonderful book....love, intrigue, depicts life of a young person who is finding his way despite adverse situations of childhood.....highly recommended.
 If you're looking for a fast paced book then this is the one for you.  Well written and it kept me guessing till the end. I couldn't put it down.
 This was a gripping and compelling story with relatable characters; Well paced and beautifully written, I thoroughly enjoyed this book.
 Again one of the best books
 My book club read this and unanimously loved it. The characters were so developed and interesting. I literally stayed up all night to finish it.
 I really enjoyed this book. Since I live in Minnesota I knew some of the places the author wrote about in the book. It was one of those books that was hard to put down once I started reading it.
 I was shocked about this book, I got it as a light read and finished it in two sittings instead, Leaves you attached and keeps you entertained as a reader.
 From the first page to the last, I found this to be a very good read.  I couldn't put in down.  It was the first book I have read by this author and I look forward to another one.
 Kept me reading...very well illustrated.<br/>I'm going to read other works by author who deserves recognition for his style and wit.
 Another great book. I will definitely read his next one!
 The whole premise of the story was very different from many books I've read. There was mystery, love, sacrifice, selfishness- all you could ask for.
 A story that keeps you wanting to read more and more. It reminds us that we all have regrets and pain that we keep buried deep inside.  Makes us understand that opening up and sharing those pains helps us heal.
 I just got two other books by Allen Esken.  I loved the way he writes. His descriptions of feeling and places and his witty remarks kept me reading.
 It's a mystery and suspense with an ordinary hero and heroine. Nice twists and turns in the plot, although some of the hero's self defense moves seem overly contrived.
 Good read.  And I read a lot.
 Very well written down to the last sentence.  Suspenseful and engaging.  Jeremy added a great human touch to this wonderful story.  Highly recommend.
 Excellent thesis, narration, and plot.  Superb writing which culminated in a wonderful end. 10 plus stars.
 I read this book in two days. It was tough to put down. It was exciting and also possessed some heartfelt moments.
 The fact that this book made the BEST of 2015 list and continually cropped up as recommended for me is suspicious.  On the face of it, the plot seems potentially interesting .  However, the details and characters are just so contrived and ridiculous.  For instance, 30 years after the murder our protagonists are able to crack the code in the victim's diary (which was the key piece of evidence in the case) by realizing that the victim would have been a freshman and probably taking typing class and deduce the code was based on THE QUICK BROWN FOX JUMPS OVER THE LAZY DOG.  What am I reading, a Nancy Drew book?  No, Nancy Drew books are better.
 Very nice read, couldn't put it away.
 I  want to READ a book, not listen.  I can't find how to request a refund.  Not happy.
 Not the kind of story I would have chosen on my own, thank you for suggesting it for me. I will read more from this author.
 This was a good read. Another book I didn't want to put down.
 Loved this book! Even offered it as the first book of an office book club &amp; everyone has loved it...it was the talk of the morning as we compared progress and thoughts.
 I would probably give this book five stars if there weren't a few situations which seemed so far fetched to me.  I loved the characters and the story.
 I couldn't stop reading this book. So many twists and turns in this wonderfully written story. Look forward to reading another book by Allen Eskens.<br/>Iris
 This was a great book. I couldn't put it down. Everyone in my book club loved it as well.
 A little predictable but solid story.  Definitely had some moments where I couldn't put it down. Redeemable character, people you can root for and identify with.
 Moves right along -- good story-telling.
 This is the first book I've read by Allen Eskens.  This book held my interest through out the entire story.  I plan on reading more of his books.
 I have had this book on my kindle for years and finally got around to reading it. It was incredibly well written and I could not put it down. I just learned there is a sequel coming in November.
 This book caught my attention from the very first page. It was a great story with lots of interesting twists and turns to the very end. I lived the characters. I hope to watch this as a movie soon!
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book.  Held my interest from beginning to end.
 It was difficult to put this book down.  I read the book in less than a day.  I hope you enjoy the story as I did.
 enjoyed it
 This was a book I could not put down....a very good story. A great read for the winter as you stay warm.
 It was an interesting story, got boring at parts- it was on the brink of really getting me invested in the charactets
 Read this in one sitting. A must read.
 It starts a little slow as the characters develop, but then it holds your interest.  You can feel the cold bite with the Minnesota winter
 I was put off by the gory parts but the more  got into the story the more compelling it became and I couldn't put it down until I finished the book.
 I've never written a book review before but felt compelled to do so now because this book was amazingly suspensful, a true "page-turner"!  The characters come to life in your hands. I can't wait to pass it on to be read over and over again and to read Mr. Eskers next novel!
 This was a book that kept me interested from start to finish. A good murder mystery with a touch of legal--but nothing too over the top. I would defiantly read another book by this author.
 Well written and interesting. Loved the story the characters and every minute of reading this excellent story.
 Well written and a good mystery until the very end.
 This book was a gift. Not only was it good, but a character's approach to appreciating life is a lesson for all of us. Excellent
 I stayed up all night to finish this amazing book. Suspenseful, engaging, and a heartrending story. Highly recommend this book
 I loved this book. Found it well written and the plot twist was great!
 I really enjoyed this book. It was one that kept me up late, couldn't put it down. Very well written.
 Interesting but sad story
 Loved it! I'm from Mankato, MN and it was fun when I came across references from the area I grew up. This book captured my attention from the first chapter. I couldn't put it down. I read it over a four day weekend out of town. I am looking forward to reading The Guise of Another next!
 5 starts without a shadow of a doubt. My only gripe is the scarcity of pages. I was hooked from beginning to end. This is one of those books that could be made into a hell of a film, and for that reason, I hope it never does. This is a story best left to the imagination.
 The writing is amazing. I couldn't put it down. I got so engrossed in the story that when our doorbell rung, I jumped.
 Great book- kept me interested in the very likable main characters. The story was an interesting one with a few surprises!
 Mr. Eskens has crafted a superb suspense novel-I literally could not put it down. What a storyteller--can't wait for his next book!!
 I finished this book within 48 hours-compelling from the very start!  Just when you think you had it all figured out, there's a new twist!
 This book had me hooked from the very start...
 I took this book on vacation with me and I was glad I picked it out because it was a great book start to finish.  Story was interesting, characters were well written and I look forward to reading the next book by this author.
 shipped quickly.  great book.  book club loved it.
 I read this book in one day. Couldn't put it down.  Very well written, twisting turning plot and the main character, Joe, is wonderful. Lots of suspense, and a great exciting end. Highly recommend it. Diana
 I really enjoyed this book and had a hard time putting it down. Enjoyed the characters and Eskens made them believeable.
 I enjoyed this book very much, well written and keeps your interest to the end. I will be telling my friends about ot
 Has some gut wrenching imagery at times although slightly predictable outcome. Characters are strong and you learn to root for them.
 This was a great story. I enjoyed reading it. An easy read it had me at every detail. I really liked the main character. The author firmed all  nicely.
 The Life We Bury . . . has a great storyline and kept me captivated until the very end! I fell in love with the college students, Joe and Lila and Joe's little brother, Jeremy. It was a great read and I would recommend it to everyone who likes a suspense fast-paced read.
 The first two thirds of the book move very quickly as I continue to turn the pages. Things slow down a bit but then moved quicker towards the end. I enjoyed the characters and the depth of the story.
 Loved the book and the male main character - refreshing.
 This book had me until the very end. At one particularly intense point I couldn't sleep after reading it because I couldn't stop thinking about it. I am kind of a book snob, so a 5 out of me is saying a lot!
 Interesting read and a surprise ending.
 I really Loved "The Life We Bury" ! I could not stop reading this book - I finished in just a few days! I felt my heart rate go up while reading and I would laugh and cry ! I felt like I knew the Characters And I was invested in them. I would high recommend this book!
 Plan plenty of time to read because you won't be able to put this book down!  Very well written, great characters and plot.  Everyone in our book club has loved it.
 Great story line and this author is very good.  He weaves a tale that makes you want to read the entire book at one setting.
 I  found it to be a very intriguing, suspenseful and unpredictable which is a good thing. It was a very good read.
 With so many twists and turns, it really kept your attention. I can see this being a great blockbuster movie!
 An interesting story that holds your interest to the end.
 No surprises here. If what you are looking for is a predictable storyline with a feel-good ending, this is for you. It's like TGIFriday's - it can be fun, but you are not going to be wowed by the cuisine, you know?
 Amazing book! From the first page I could not set it down.  Surprises and mystery. It had it all. Excellent author and I will be reading more from him.
 I enjoyed the book. I read it over the weekend. I enjoy the characters and the storyline, I just wish some of the other characters were developed a little more. It you're looking for an easy read, this is your book.
 I think this book was great. I gave it 4 stars only because it took me just a bit to get into the book, but I enjoyed it very much once I did. I love happy endings!
 Loved the story and the characters. Some of the plot was a little unbelievable toward the end, but didn't ruin the story for me. I would highly recommend this book.
 Some of the story line I could see coming - but in general I felt it was well done.  Made me think a lot about what I bury and what I keep open, and why.  Definitely thought provoking
 I recently purchased several novels to take on vacation.  The Life We Bury was by far the most compelling.  I couldn’t put it down.<br/>I highly recommend reading this book.
 I enjoyed the author's word tempo and how he lead you through the story.  I got frustrated during the storm portion. I understood the technique but wanted it to move along.  I also wondered at the creativity in the wilderness.  I will recommend this book for our book club.
 Great book! Reading all the rest!
 Enjoyable read.  Flows well, linked transitions.  Visible word pictures.
 Wow, love this book ! Interesting,exciting and hard to put down.Characters are so lifelike, I was rooting for them all the way. I am pre ordering his next book and looking forward to the next mystery... Start with this one, you will feel the same way.....
 Great book.  Very entertaining.  Love it.  Quick read.
 If you're looking for s quick summer read-this is it! Kind of like Grisham books but simpler! You'll enjoy it but nothing earth shattering!
 The author does write well--good prose and use of metaphors and the plot has its good moments but unfortunately the ending is far to predictable early on.
 Excellent story, like the dual timeline very well done!
 Good mystery! Interesting story with compelling characters.  If you are looking for a captivating book that you can read quick, while on vacation or whatever, this is it! You won't be disappointed!
 Fascinating story. Real characters illustrated beautifully. Real-life issues, poignantly explored. Page turning drama with depth of detail. Highly recommended.
 Excellent characters who stay with you long after you move on to another book.  The story is well told, suspenseful, and moves along at a good pace.
 This was one of the best books I have read in a long long time. It was very true to life as far as the main character. I could hope that this story would hold true in real life.  Thanks Mr. Eskens.  I look forward to reading your other books.
 Can recommend this highly. Loved it. Well writ ten. I love Janie for helping me. Read this you will like it
 One of my all time favorite reads.
 This a good, easy read. I liked the way the story developed and liked the characters. I will check out other books by Eskens.
 Good book, surprise end.
 I loved the book.......Just started reading it after finished a Stephen King book.....and it was just as entertaining!! Highly recommend the read.....Looking forward to Allen Eskens next book!!
 I really enjoyed this novel.  One of the best books I have read in a very long time!
 Enjoyable story, well-written, and it moved along at a nice pace.  I look forward to reading other novels written by Mr. Eskens.
 The Life We Bury held my attention from the first page until the last.  I thought it was well written and I enjoyed reading it.
 You never can run from your past!
 This new mystery writer did a GREAT job in The Life We Bury.  Some passages were almost poetic; however, the plot moved right along.
 We all have snippets of our lives that we bury and forget about. Do they really matter in how they may shape our lives? Interesting read.
 This book is one of the few that totally delivers its intent. I was spellbound from page one. Great novel, Mr. Weakens.
 Enjoying the first half of the book, I skipped many of the suspense details near the end.  My preferences in story telling shows.
 Really good book.  You will love the development of this story.
 This book was entertaining but slightly predictable, but I enjoyed it nonetheless.  Would read this author again.  Read it in three days.
 It's an entertaining, easy read. Moved along at a good pace. Enjoyed it - even if I did guess who the culprit was early on. ;-)
 This was an excellent book and would recommend to everyone.
 The plot was very obvious but the characters were like able and the book was an easy read. I enjoyed it like a summer read.
 A Few twists I did not see coming.  Good story, great ending. Enjoyed the characters and plot line.  Would recommend!
 This was a very good read.  Enjoyed the mystery and the fact that the main character also had a family to deal with.  With real Dow to earth problems.  Good read..
 5 star book.  Great plot, great writing.  It was very exciting story.
 Started off strong but the writing and plot went downhill towards the end. So much so that I ended up not reading it until the end.
 i thoroughly enjoyed this book! easy read and well written! i can't wait to read others from this author. great job!
 A truly suspenful read that I couldn't put down.
 This was a quick read, mainly because I couldn't put it down. Exciting and interesting, it would make a good movie.
 This one kept me interested and guessing up to the end.  It had such great character development that I felt pain for them.  Well written.
 This book will awaken many emotions in each reader and have you awaiting the suspense around each turn in the road. It was well worth the read and I think it would make for a great movie script.
 This was a great book! The descriptions the author used made me see and feel what was going on in the story. It is an easy read, one that I could hardly put down.
 This book has it all.  Murder, mystery, suspense, romance and family crisis.  Brings the turmoil of one young man into many different paths.  Enjoyed this book a lot.  Moved easily from hate to hope to despair.  Would recommend.
 Still reading it.  So far, very good.
 This book drew me in from the start, and kept me engaged until the last page.  A couple of twists and good writing earn this 4 star rating.
 The different events of the main characters life and how everything blended together, made me connect with him and I could not keep from riding the roller-coaster of emotions along with him. It was hard to put the book down!
 Kept whole book club interested!  I l loved it.
 I loved this book. I switched between the kindle version and the audiobook. The narrator is incredible, so this may be part of why I loved this book. But I also loved the blending of lives in this story, the likable characters, the relationships forged, and the desire to see the mystery solved and justice rendered. There were so many layers to this story, and I loved the journey, even when it hurt. Joe and Carl were especially compelling, finding the unlikely camaraderie with the other, a relationship that should have never been, yet changed their lives completely. Then adding in Joe's brother and neighbor, and we got a story that completely hooked me to the very end.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading and listening to this book. Edge of your seat good with a plausible hero and slight romance it was the perfect book!
 Loved it!  I could not put it down.<br/>Warning:  Don't pick up this book if you're trying to prepare for a trip, it's either prepare for the trip or read the book  and not both at the same time!! Very very good!
 GREAT READ!  GET IT!
 Very well written and captivating, The first book I haven been able to put down in awhile. This is the first book I've read by this author and will definitely be looking into more, which will hopefully be as good as this one was!!
 Wow! Read in a day,could not put it down. I love how the characters are flawed, but soften your opinion with just the e survival of life as they know  it.  Carl, ill never see snowfall the same. Great read.
 Suspenseful drama, and the bad guy gets it in the<br/>End.  What more could a reader ask for?  Worth every minute of reading time.
 This was such a good story! I must admit I thought I knew "whodunit" early on and boy, was I wrong!<br/>This book was action to the very end. Loved it!
 Could not put it down! Worked 12 hours, was going to just read a chapter or 2, at the most! Stayed  up until 1 am to finish it, and had to be at work at 7, it was THAT GOOD
 wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!  this was a great read.  it starts out with a college kid going to a nursing home to interview a man.  then, bam!!!!!!  it takes off.  you MUST read this book.........I couldn't put it down.
 I read this book over the space of a few nights. Really enjoyed it. It had a few twists that kept it interesting. Will be reading more of Allen Eskens books. Well worth reading?
 Although somewhat predictable, with a few too many coincidences, I enjoyed the story. Particularly liked the parallels showing that all the characters, if not all humanity, carry emotional baggage.
 Too predictable
 This was a really good read.  Very enjoyable and I will be looking for more from this author.
 Excellent read. The story line moves constantly and keeps the reader engaged.
 Didn't get into this book until half way through it.  Predictable with some twists and turns.<br/>Easy read.
 It was a good thriller. Uprising ending with lots of twists and turns. Characters believable and well written.
 The lessons contained in this book are many. Most important, I believe, would be never to judge another human being. It is our responsibility to love and God's responsibility to judge even though our society requires a much more complex path.
 I found the book hard to put down. All seemed very believable especially the subplot with the mother and brother. I would highly recommend this book.
 It's been a while since I've read a book that captivated my interest the way this one did. I was heartbroken, angry, and overjoyed at  the same time.
 This book was well written and kept me up until wee hours. I just could not leave it I have always liked a book with a good ending. I wasn’t sure it was coming.
 great book, some twists and turns, keep the interest going, recommend highly.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Excellent writing kept me reading until the end.  I couldn't put it down.  Had me tearing up at times.
 Amazing story. Read it in two days, could not wait to get back to it every time I had to leave it.  Each character is well developed and you feel like you know them. In the end, you wish you did.
 This book was well written, well thought out and quite entertaining.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys this genre of crime mystery
 Keeps your attention from page 1.  This is a well written thriller that will keep you reading into the night.  Excellent plot and characters.
 Loved the pace and it was easy to imagine the characters. Author built the story slowly and many surprises kept it interesting
 Juvenile.  Writing was lacking depth.  Good story idea, but not a good follow through.
 Interesting and well written.  Read for my book club.  We have not yet discussed. Keeps you guessing!
 I enjoyed the book because it kept me reading even though I needed to sleep I haven't read a book like that in a long time. I would recommend it to my book club and friends
 I just couldn't put the book down. Fabulous story line.  Lots of twists and turns.  You can smell what the author is describing. The kind of writing that puts you in the moment and keeps you riveted.
 Great story by new author.
 Read this for yourself- for the message contained. Not because of the story, but for the deeper meaning behind the story.
 I suppose you could say it's a bit predictable, but it kept me turning the pages.  Perfect for a summer vacation light read.
 This book was written very well! It kept my attention and made me want more at the end. I recommend it to anyone that likes a mystery.
 This story was a classic murder mystery.  The characters were likeable and the villains were despicable.  I would recommend this story to anyone who likes Law and Order!
 This was a good, quick read. It definitely kept me interested. The only reason I took away one star is because towards the end I felt like things got a little predictable. Overall, thumbs up.
 I didn't know anything about this book - it came courtesy of my wife's book group, and based on the cover I wasn't expecting a murder mystery, which is usually not my cup of pizza.  But I really enjoyed this one.  It's about a college student who starts out writing a short biography about a convicted rapist/killer Carl, who is dying of cancer.  He ends up convinced of his innocence, and is determined to prove it before Carl dies.  One Amazon reviewer called this a literary mystery, which is a good characterization, as the character development goes way beyond the normal thriller.  The characters were really unique and interesting, and the storyline was surprisingly unpredictable, which is unusual for a book like this.  A big thumbs up from this reader.
 On the one hand you are drawn in, and there are real, credible situations and characters. And on the other, it is very predictable and the main cigar tear is improbable. Still, it kept me engaged. I do recommend it as a light read.
 refreshing  unexpected  journey with a well rounded college kid
 Good not great read.  Story keeps you interested yet is slightly predictable at the same time.  I did like the  ending.
 great book.
 A good read and had a surprise or two - just what I like.  Will probably read author's other works. I like the way he writes. Good descriptions, etc.
 Very interesting story about a war veteran and current prisoner serving a life term intertwined with the life of a college student.
 i am fussy about the books i read and was not disappointed - loved every minute of the read
 The story had moments of predictability, but I thoroughly enjoyed it! I will recommend this book to family and friends!!
 The premise and writing  through more than half the book were good and drew me in.  But as in so many books I've read, there's this urgency to wind things up....character's actions and words become familiar and inevitable.  Not so real anymore.
 I choose this rating because it was a good read. Would recommend this book to all my mystery reading friends
 Great book. Book brings satisfaction to one of the main charcters by the end of the story.
 Couldn't put it down. Excellent plotline. The vietnam part  was especially  poignant because being the widow of a Vietnam vet with serious lifelong PTSD  hit close  to home for me..
 I enjoyed this book. The pace never lagged. I liked the references to Vietnam. I'm a sucker for a well wrapped up story  &amp; was not disappointed. I liked the characters &amp; the storyline.
 Very enjoyable and we'll written book.  Subject matter a bit on the dark side but it kept me interested throughout
 I decided to buy and read this book based on recent reviews. I enjoyed this book and was I was hooked from the first chapter. I enjoy mysteries and this story was well done.
 I'll keep it simple as there's many reviews here. It's an excellent, compelling story and very well written. I love John Grisham, and this is up there the best of them.
 Basically it is a mystery, but has several side issues/stories at the same time. A little bit about parental abuse, a little love story, etc.  Enough to keep you interested...
 I really enjoyed the book. A couple of times I shouted Oh No out loud due to the suspense. I could not put it down because I wanted to know what happened.
 A very good read, the book is about innocence and the discovery of it 35 years later, the rewards to self and to others proof brings.
 A school project with unseen ramifications .
 I thought the book was great! The characters were well developed and interesting. I have already started Allen Eskens next book and it starts out by taking you right in just like "The Lives We Bury."
 A page turner. Good story but somewhat predictable. I enjoyed reading it though. I would recommend it. I finished it in 2 days
 Twenty year old Joe Talbert is having a rough time in life.  His mother is an alcoholic, his younger brother is autistic.  He has to parent Jeremy and kind of look after his mother.  Joe doesn't know who his father is, nor who his brother's father is either.  Mom takes up with any man who will have her.  The only stable person in his life was Grandpa Bill, his mother's father.  But grandpa is deceased.<br/><br/>Joe runs away from his home to register in the University of Minnesota, but he can't get away.  Mom is so needy and Jeremy can't be left alone or with Mom.  Mom calls and pesters Joe often.  Joe registers late, there is only one English class still open.  So he registers and is told he will have to interview an older person about life.  The only person Joe can find is an older man.  Carl Iverson accused of raping and murdering a fourteen year old girl and burning her body in a shed.  Carl is in a nursing home waiting to die.  He has been sent here from the prison.  When Joe interviews this man he says he is not guilty.  But in prison nobody is guilty.  Carl has only one friend, Virgil Gray, who has served in Viet Nam with Carl.  This man swore Carl would never have committed such a horrible act.<br/><br/>Joe must grow up more than he already has.  His mother has taken up with a mean man who beats Jeremy.  Mom could care less.  There are so many evil characters in this book it is deliciously suspenseful.  The story takes place in Minnesota's long, cold winter.  Besides many unsavory characters, Joe also meets good folks who have his back.  It is also good that he once worked as a bouncer.  And he wants to get a college education.  Good read, fast paced and suspenseful.  It also contains some philosophy.  Good.<br/><br/>Mr Eskens has written a good first murder mystery.  Good luck and best wishes in his writing career.
 The Life We Bury was such a wonderfully written book. I read it in one day because I couldn't wait to see how it ended! I will definitely read more by Allen Eskens.
 The only reason I continued to read the book to the end was because of the suspense of the story line, which I thought was very clever.  However, the author's writing style was plodding and forced.
 Reviews spoiled it.  We knew there were going to be lots of surprises, so I knew he didn't do it.  That made it predictable.
 Slightly into the book I was hooked!  I couldn't put it down.  It was well written and filled with suspense! I would definitely recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good mystery!
 It keep my attention - which says something these days. Sometimes it didn't know what it wanted to be... but so what!
 Very interesting and touching story and characters.  A very suspenseful book, enjoyable cover to cover.  I recommend this book to all mystery and suspense readers.
 Interesting storyline. Likable characters. Decent writing.
 I like this book but it arrived like a week later than it was suppose to.  I just started it and on page 50 and so far it's an easy and enjoyable read for only $5!!
 I can not say enough good things about this book.<br/>I feel like I'm missing friends that I would like to catch up and see how they are now.<br/>The book is a well  written story.
 Allen Eskens writes a good story which I thought I had figured out however I did not see the twist at the end. Good writing! When finished I went looking for another book by him.
 Well written story combining mystery, social justice, personal growth with two likeable young protagonists. Liked the book very much.
 Very well done.  Novel is realistic.  Any veteran of the Vietnam war will appreciate this novel.
 A very nice story about learning how to love and how to pursue what is right. Nicely written and fast moving.
 It was an interesting read...I was never very sure where the plot was leading, but I liked the ending.
 This is well written excellent story. I really loved this story.
 Awesome story with somewhat contrived ending
 This was a very engaging read with quite good characters and a wonderful mystery.  The background that unfolds for each character is well developed.  Kudos to the author for his debut novel.
 A surprising amount of humanity in this book. The character's have depth and meaning; while revealing, in a realistic way, flawed human beings underneath.
 I absolutely LOVED the book.  I enjoyed the storyline, the intrigue, and will definetly read more from this author!!!
 I'm really mystified by all the 4 and 5 star reviews.  This book gets off to a decent start but character development is poor, the storyline is auber-predictable, the hero is one dimensional, regardless of the number of challenges the authors anoints him with, and, about halfway through, you're only reading on to find out if it is indeed as predictable as you thought.  There are some well written paragraphs, but most of the writing is over the top, especially for this genre.  And, really?  Are we digging up the Vietnam War to add to the action?  And escapes from car trunks?  Come on!  Well, to each, his or her own.  I don't remember what the Kindle version cost, but if it wasn't more than a couple of bucks, I don't feel so bad.  Maybe a good editor could have helped here.  Then again, maybe not.
 This book was well written and entertaining. As a mystery reading goes it was well thought out and it wasn't unbelievable.
 This is the first time I have read this author. He writes well, the plot is well constructed and there is<br/>Not one boring moment. I recommend it highly
 Great page-turner, very suspenseful from the first few chapters.  I could not put it down, and had a nice twist in the end.
 A good read.  Eskens did a great job of weaving together the characters and events in the book.
 What a wonderful read! So many twists and turns!! Who killed who?? Or will we ever know?? Thanks for the mysterious read.
 Entertaining, quick read. It's not high literature. It reminded me a lot of John Grisham's earlier (better) novels.
 An outstanding, compelling story. Could not put this book down. If this is the first offering from Allen Eskens, I am very much looking forward to his next books.
 I enjoyed the book.  It was exciting and yet sometimes felt frustration with how crazy some of the behavior was.  Then, I had to remember that when we are emotionally involved, we do not always think clearly.  Main characters were very human.
 I loved the characters in this book. It had me from page one until the end.  Nothing like a good mystery!
 So many subplots until one lost the main plot.  Characters got lost in all the social issues known to mankind.  However, ending was nice .
 Very good!
 A developing mystery in which the solution and characters and moving plot captivated my interest to the end.
 Just another slightly entertaining crime story, nothing special except for the character of the brother.<br/>Good for reading on the plane
 I enjoyed the intricacies of the plot.  Unlike some mysteries, this one was tightly constructed.  I appreciated the literary allusions, particularly the references to The Glass Menagerie. I also liked the last paragraph and its message about how to live.
 This book was a suspenseful and rapid read. I enjoyed the premise and story.
 This is a good book, that is hard to set down. It definitely keeps you interested
 I liked the overall story line of this book.  It had a lot of potential.  The writing is juvenile and predictable.  The ending ties it up with a bow, alittle too much.
 The Life We Bury is a well written thriller. The reader can sympathize with Joe, understand his urgency to clear not only his conscience, but also his new friend Carl. It proves that cases are not cut and dry like so many believe. And with the added young romance, this story has it all.
 Not as predictable as I thought it was going to be...having an autistic nephew, Jeremy was very recognizable, and likable....I recommend reading this book.
 This was a real page-turner and a quick read. By about 3/4 the way through, I figured out the mystery, but I still liked it. I enjoyed the message of the book and the journey that the young lead character of the story was on.
 I Loved this book. It was hard to put it down. The secrets we keep, everyone has something that they regret.
 easy read, interesting story, predictable outcome.
 Couldn't stop reading this book. I thoroughly enjoyed every twist and turn and was definitely kept at the edge of my seat! Would definitely recommend to anyone in search of a great read!
 My daughter said she really like this book she couldn't put it down
 a very moving story of love and redemption and beautifully told.
 This is an excellent.  Was looking for a new author and not disappointed at all.
 Loved this book.  Characters are well drawn and I really liked watching how the protagonist grew and matured.  Death, killing, murder, and redemption.  Worth reading.
 For me this was one of those books that was a page turner.  I have since thought of many things the old man said.
 Well developed characters make this book a page turner. The story has many suspenseful twist and turns that pull the reader deeper into the plot. I could not put this book down.
 I so enjoyed reading this book  lots of twist and turns that kept you turning the page. Really makes you think there is always three sides to every story. Quick read too. Thank you  for keeping !r entertained and connected to the story.
 I would have given this a five star but it started out slow and I almost didn't finish it. I'm so glad I did. It kept me guessing and on my seat edge through the rest of the book.
 A quick read without too many plot spoilers.  Falls well short of the standard set by Gone Girl and Girl On The Train in terms of surprise twists and character development.
 Good read. Deals with another aspect of Vietnam.
 The plot moved along, I liked the two main characters, but really related to the autistic brother. My brother is autistic and he is always saying "maybe".
 This book is thought provoking, has some action, and is fun. A good summer read.
 I enjoyed the plot and premise.  About half way through the book it took a turn for the worst and the actions of the characters seemed quite unrealistic and unbelievable.  It was still remotely interesting so I finished it, but felt like " who in their right mind would do that"!!
 First book from this suthor. Held a mix of suspense, comedy and warmth. Great characters descriptions.
 Well written with gripping interest. So many twists and turns. Real world situations of good and bad in people. A must read
 This book was an easy read, hard to put down. I recommend it highly. Ill be looking for other works by this author.
 Allen Eskens is a perfect way to spend a day. Love his style.
 I couldn't put it down. Characters are easy to like and it was an easy read. I really enjoyed it. Read it in a weekend.
 Fast paced but doesn't slack on the prose. Good characters with decent motivation. The author has done a great job of setting a mood and sense of place.
 This was A very good mystery thriller that you will enjoy reading<br/>The plot, character development, and twists will keep you turning pages
 Multi-layered, insightful story -I couldn’t put it down! How one man deals with so many of society’s issues is inspiring!
 Book was very slow and hard to follow. Only read it because I love golden retrievers. Hope next is faster read
 Kept my interest most of the time.. but I did figure out early on what was happening;-)
 Story caught my attention right away. Kept you guessing till revealed.
 The Life We Bury kept me interested and involved throughout.  It was well written and was our book club  choice for May, 2016.
 Great novel, keeps your attention and keeps you on the edge of your seat. The story wrapped up so well. What a great ending
 I have begun my foray into psychological thrillers and simply came upon The Life We Bury by accident. I truly enjoyed this story. I found the life of Carl Iverson to be filled with sadness and so much pain and the life had indeed buried was one that kept him living in that painful hidden world, condemned by himself to that world for what he considered past crimes. Along comes Joe Talbet. A young man in college trying to complete a "biography project" that must include an interview. He somehow ends up at this nursing home where convicted rapist and murderer Carl Iverson is living out his last few weeks as he is dying of cancer.  Carl is quite enigmatic since he does not saying  "I am innocent"; "Find the real killer."  All of those questions would be the first ones out of anyone's mouth I would think, but Carl merely tries to tell his life and what he remembers and finally answers the question: Did you kill that girl?  No, he says.  Joe's life takes on new meaning as he struggles to come to grips with what he believes and what he should believe. Also, as an aside, he has his brutally hateful mother and his autistic brother. Joe's love for his brother is unconditional and he will do whatever he has to in order to care for him.  I found this story to be haunting and yet beautifully told. There is definitely a twist at the end and it did catch me off guard; however, the story itself and Carl's past life drove this plot and Joe's desire to right a wrong.  I highly recommend this book. I do NOT write reviews lightly as I know so many are merely "friends" of the author willing to give a 5 star for just being a friend.
 I have never read anything by this author and the story was great !  Read it for a Book Club and everyone enjoyed it so much !  Highly recommend it .........
 This book was recommended to me by a friend.  I did not want to put the book down.  It is not a lighthearted summer read so if that is what you're looking for this book is not for you.
 I have not read a murder mystery in several months and this one was worth the wait. It keeps the reader wondering and engaged with the questions trying to be solved. I read this on my Kindle App in less than 24 hours.
 Fast paced &amp; well-written, The Life We Bury draws the reader in &amp; doesn't let let go ultimately wrapping up with a good 'ole happy ending.
 Could wait to see what happened next. It's a great read.
 I never read mystery novels. This was an unexpected treat. Intense page-turner that just continues to heat up.<br/>Plan on staying up late!!! A pleasure.
 one of the best books I have read in a long time
 So many twists &amp; turns, couldn't put it down. It seemed the story became just too unbelievable at times.
 It really was a good book. Not at all what I expected which made it even better.
 Easy read. Page turner. Enjoyable. Kind of book you want to read at poolside with a cold pina colada or beer
 Excellent book.  I highly recommend it. I wanted the story to go on and on.
 Different than what I expected, but a very good read and kept me interested.
 I would love to read more stories about Joe, Lila and Jeremy. I rushed through the book as I enjoyed it so much.
 I loved the book!
 I notified Amazon about a month ago this book is missing the first page of every chapter! They gave me a credit then said to download in a few weeks it should be fixed. It was not!! But the book is so good I read it anyways!!!
 Delivered as promised
 one of the most amazing books ive ever read. i couldnt get enough of it!! even though you want to know what happens, its almost like you didnt want it to end. 5 stars!
 I read that this is Eskens' first book.  For a first effort, he did a great job.  The action moved fast, but was not predictable.  I would recommend it as a quick, enjoyable read.
 A good read that kept me guessing almost to the end.  It seemed a little predictable and hurried towards the end. I liked it and would recommend it!
 An exciting story with tension throughout - I had to leave the story in parts before I could continue with the book - I just had to catch my thoughts...!
 I loved this book! The problem is that I wasn't able to put it down, and therefore other duties were neglected. I already recommended it to other people.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. The writing was clear and painted every scene like a picture. I love a story that keeps me guessing. And I could feel for these wonderful characters.
 Great book couldn’t put it down!
 Will definitely read more from this author.  The book flows effortlessly from one chapter to the next and you are finished too soon!
 Great read. Kept me on the edge the whole time. Caught me off guard several times. Loved it!
 Wow! What a read. I ❤️ this book. I felt as if I knew the characters. Very intriguing story fortifying my anti capital ounishment stance.
 Intriguing story, couldn't put it down.  The beginning was a little slow but definitely worth sticking with the reading. I highly recommend this book.
 Book was very predictable and the ending was like something out of a pulp romance novel. I don't read much fiction and maybe that's why I didn't like this book but would not recommend to anyone.
 I was looking for something scary, more suspenseful.  It wasn't what I expected but I thoroughly enjoyed!
 Great characters and a good, suspenseful story. Everyone has a past that they hesitate to reveal. Glad I read this one!
 I liked it.  It moved along at a good pace &amp; had good character development with likeable people &amp; realistic dialogue.  I will most likely buy his next book when it's available.
 Easy to read and not complicated story line. I would definitely recommend to a friend. Great book to read at the beach!
 Pleasantly surprised by this book. Recommend it. Kept me turning the pages right until the end. Definitely worth a read
 I almost didn't finish it. I am not a big fan of mystery novels but I pushed on and it has a satisfying ending.
 Really good mystery...who done it.  I was able to get into it and get emotional about the main characters. Nice ride
 Loved the flow, loved the characters! Didn't want to put it down until I read the last page... Even left me teary eyed. Highly recommend this book!
 Love Story, mystery, action, hero, and amazing plot.  This is a story that will keep you reading until the story ends!
 An interesting story, albeit unrealistic at times. Keeps you interested.  A good read.
 This book was a combination of mystery, intrigue and love. The main character, Joe, grows on the reader and his neighbor Lila. The love for his brother and his dedication to him as well as his quest to find the truth is engaging.
 Don1t remember much about it .
 This book was one of Amazon's daily $1.99 specials. The blurb sounded interested so I took a gamble.I am so very glad I did. This book was great, and I really enjoyed it.
 The twists and turns will keep any closet detective going. Excellent character development. I could not put this one down. If your a mystery buff this is a great read.
 Well written story that keeps you on the edge of your seat.  Backgrounds of the characters are well developed.  You feel a lot  of emotions while reading this book.  I loved the main character and his strong will.
 Ok, this was a good book, a fast read, though a bit over the top. Joe gets hit hard on head, strangled, chained up in trunk of car, escapes and it goes on. I liked it, just so must happening to one guy in a short time.
 Good read. Tugs at your emotions. Interesting characters. Local MN story. Quick read. I really liked this story. The end
 This was a good book. Definitely deserved all the awards that it has gotten. Kept you guessing who it was!
 I read this boo some time ago and so am fuzzy about certain aspects.  I liked the writing and the story was told well.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book and would strongly recommend it.  The characters were well-developed and I was hooked from the first page.  An enjoyable read,
 Hard luck story that unnecessarily details violence. This violence centers around sexual deviance. Disappointing and disturbing read. I won’t choose this author again.
 Loved this book. Could not put it down. Being from Mpls. I could really identify with the great descriptions from the author.<br/>I highly recommend this book.
 We all will go to our graves with an untold story. Or a story many believe but which is not true.  When someone helps another person get the story right, it can warm your heart.
 I enjoyed this book. It was well written with several plot twists. Worth the read.
 I loved the way the story unfolded. He seamlessly wrapped three stories together. He began writing a story as a class project. While doing that, he was pushed to share a piece of his own story. I've always said that everyone has a story if only we would take time to listen. This story is an example of that . I am so sorry that I never asked my parents about their story. So one of the lessons from this book is to ask questions of people while they are alive to tell it.
 I enjoyed the book, particularly the premise of the story.  I got a little bored at one point but it kicked back in and finished wonderfully!!! Quick read, good story.
 Very well written, and truly enjoyable reading.  A page turner
 Dude!  Awesome, absolutely well crafted exhilarating storyline, characters so real that I felt like I knew them. My new favorite author.
 Good read, interesting plot and kept you wanting to keep reading.
 Eskens does well drawing the reader into the story through the characters within, all broken seeking redemption.  With a few twists the final chapter provides the expected, or hoped for, ending.  Great for a single night's reading in front of the fireplace.
 Ending was a little sketchy, but it kept me reading.
 I enjoyed this book very much. It is part history, part detective story, part love story, and totally entertaining.
 More than ten of free mystery I downloaded and some of them are not worth  reading. This is a only book I have read to last page. Really good story. Thank you Mr.Weekends. good luck with your future books.
 very suspenseful!  Characters were developed so the reader was drawn into the story.  The authors use of description let the reader imagine the surroundings of what aw happening. Well written and I look forward to reading other books by this author!
 This is the kind of book that you'll want to read to the end just to see how it turns out.  Nothing extraordinary about the writing but it is entertaining.
 A good read.  Very enjoyable.  Kept me engaged.  The ending was a bit of drama, but it was a good story.
 Great read. The book has wonderful characters.  The main character, Joe has to work very hard to solve the murder.  Joe's personal life with his  Mother  and handicapped brother provide many  obstacles that make the reader take notice.
 great read
 A 30 yr old murder case, a prisoner, college student, autism and romance come together to make a fast moving story during a cold and snowy Minnesota winter come to life.
 I enjoyed this book because it combined a love story, a man's bibliography and suspense. Narration of the book also brought depth to the story.
 I enjoyed this book.  It kept my attention, and I often found it hard to put down........reading "just one more chapter".  I'd recommend it.
 Pretty good story.
 I read the book in less than two days...couldn't put it down.....
 Very good book.  It grabbed my attention right away and I had a hard time putting it down.  Good plot, good character development.  Would definitely recommend.
 Pretty good.
 A very well written book that keeps the readers interest and it has a good ending. Better than most of the other books in this genre.
 This book is jammed full of ideas, a bit too much for my liking.  The author had so many ideas to include in his story, it almost seemed too much.  Nut the characters were developed and the story interesting.
 This book will suck you in for a whole weekend. I loved this story line and kept flipping the pages by the second. SOO amazing, buying more of Allen Eskens' books - like all of them!!
 Perfect
 I am only 100 pages into the book and I am already hooked. Very suspenseful and intriguing story. A must read!!
 Eskens weaves several different subplots into this suspenseful, intriguing novel.  The transitions between the subplots were masterfully done and seemed to flow naturally.  An excellent read!
 Loved it, pleasure reading.
 Didn't take long to suck me in &amp; kept me up way late more than once. Good quick read and a few fun twists!
 What a well written novel. Kept me spellbound and in suspense until the end. Wasn't ready for it to end and would like to see another with more of the life of the main characters.
 I have already referred this book to a couple of friends. It's an easy read. Also a page turner.  I can think of anything I didn't like about it.
 Don't understand all the rave reviews, not that great of a book.  Very predictable.
 Loved the story and a great quick, suspenseful read for the train.
 Great story and character development. I loved the premise and the characters. The ending was a little far-fetched but it was overall a very enjoyable read.
 Loved this book from beginning to end. It as on that I hated to put down. I was anxious for the outcome but sad when it was over.<br/>It brought to mind the adage that everyone has a story, you just don't know what it is and what they are going through.
 This story kept me captured all the way through.  Very uplifting and thought provoking.  Everyone has a life story.  This was a very moving one.
 Excellent
 Interesting story with issues we don't always consider. Some of the writing was truly lovely. Enjoyable and compelling read. Maybe too many threads but that was ok.
 Kept my attention and find myself thinking about this book.  Will watch for future work by this author
 Fast read - very enjoyable
 great price great condition
 I write lousy reviews.  If kindle had pages I would have been turning them like my hair was on fire and thought the breeze would put the fire out.  Great read.
 I would not have chosen this book as I am not typically a fan of fiction. The Life We Bury was chosen by one of the members of my book club. I couldn't put it down!  I was immediately drawn in. So many twists and turns. Very well written.
 Lots of exciting plot twists. Great writing and believable characters. Can't wait to read his next book! A great first crime novel!
 Quick read, kept me interested.
 I highly recommend this book. It's well written and a quick read. I enjoyed it very much. Will be reading more of Eskens books
 A very good story that draws you in and keeps you there!
 As soon as the writer set the story up I cou!ld have written the rest of this book. The ending was too sappy for me.
 Good book!  Story line may appear to be common but it is not.  Plot moves quickly and there is something from this book to which everyone can relate.
 I would definitely recommend this book. The plot kept my attention and the characters were believable. If you like a good thriller, you will enjoy this book.
 Engaging from the start! Can't wait to read more by this Author! This is a great read..... believable - easy reading
 I read this book beginning to end in one sitting. Parts of this book reach deep into your soul expose you to yourself. The characters are fleshed out and their secrets revealed for all to see. There's a good story here and Mr. Eskens keep s it moving.
 This story starts strong making the reader feel like it might be something new and then turns into a "lifetime" story.
 Good read. The author used too many similes. I enjoyed it right to the end.
 I wanted to love this book, but I didn't. I found it to be a bit disjointed and contrived at times.
 Wonderful read.  Not a fan of first person but this book reminds me of some of the good things I miss...
 Wonderful story line and interesting characters. Plus plenty of mystery.
 Very good book. Engaging story line.
 Enjoyed the different story lines occurring as the story developed. Want to read the authors next book today.
 Well written and moves at a great pace. I would recommend this book as a thought provoking story
 Really great story line; however the writing felt amateur. The characters were flat as well. Still, it is a quick read and is full of suspense.
 This books was awesome. It kept me interested the entire time. It is very well written. I loved the ending.
 Loved it.
 Excellent book. The characters are well developed, and the plot takes interesting turns.
 Good, fast read. Keeps your interest. Somewhat predictable
 This was a page turner for me and kept me interested through out the whole story.  I couldn't wait to hear how it turned out. Predictable but still a lively read.
 This was great read. The protagonist was real and the storyline moved well.  A couple of scenes were a little fantastic, but that's why I read novels.<br/><br/> I will look for more by Mr. Eskens.
 This would make a great read on a plane or on a rainy day.  It surprised me.  I wasn't expecting it to capture my attention the way it did.  It pretty much sucked me right in and I read it in two days.  By the last couple of chapters I found myself rooting for the kid, even though the end was a little far fetched.  It was satisfying.
 Excellent story with a lot of suspense. Great writing for a first time writer. It was a real page turner until the very end.
 OK
 Held my interest. Liked the plot but a couple of situations seemed over the top.
 I enjoyed reading this book .
 Very good book.  Timeout me entertained for weeks while I recuperate from a fall.
 I heard that this book was based on certain real people in Austin MN.  My friend's son has married this author's daughter so that made it special for me too.
 Rather contrived, and as the story careens towards its conclusion, it become rather unbelievable.  Nevertheless, I found the language to have moments of beautiful poetry, where prose transcends the everyday.  Enjoyed it for those moments of poetry.
 It has a good story that is intriguing, and keeps your attention. I also enjoyed the ending and the storyline with the brother.
 I loved this book. It was exciting &amp; at times made me anxious. I read it  ferociously then was sad that it ended!
 Really enjoyed this book. I found it to be very well written with believable characters. The book was very hard to put down at times:
 Excellent imagery.  Only complaint was it got a little too Hallmark for the ending.
 Twisting and turning plot makes this a real page turner!  Well developed characters and plausible story line.  Look forward to reading more of Eskens.
 First book I've read by Allen Eskens, and I'm hooked. Can't wait to read his other books.
 This story was hard to put down. It was an easy read with like able characters that you wanted to see succeed. The plot keeps you guessing and doesn't let the reader down. If your looking for avoid story that's well written The Kife We Bury is for you!
 Quite predictable. Thought only women characters put themselves in jeopardy. The guy gets beaten up by two deranged violent men and lives to collect the reward. Come on!
 So many emotions with this book! I loved it, I laughed, I cried, I felt sad.....I started reading this book and didn't want it to end!
 Wonderful read, I absolutely devoured the entire book. I look forward to reading more by Eskens.
 Excellent read! Thriller mystery with lots of twists and turns. Also has a bit of romance. Great read for anyone liking mysteries/thrillers.
 This is one of the best books I have ever read. Grabs you from page 1. I couldn't put it down.
 SUCH AN AWESOME BOOK! GOOD FOR MEN OR WOMEN, YOUNG OR OLD!
 The book got off track I thought.  I liked the plot but the story got  pretty unreal.  However, might recommend
 Decent. I like how the autistic brother is portrayed. It really shows just how challenging it can be to raise an autistic child. The romance was extremely cute. The average college kid and the portrayal of his lifestyle I think is very accurate and relatable.
 Incredible storyline. I loved the characters. Wonderful writing rhat kept me interested. Movie worthy.
 What a surprise. I'm not familiar with this author but was willing to give him a try. It's a page turner. Witty and wry and solid story.
 Great writing and compelling characters make this a very enjoyable read.  I am going to Amazon immediately to download Mr. Eskers latest book.
 I couldn't stop reading this book.  The twists and turns of the story were engaging, and the characters in the story were as well.
 ok
 Character development lacked. I found myself wishing the book would just be over as I read. It became predictable and the story line wained the wrong way, with ancillary characters. I got bored.
 Great debut book. Kept me guessing until the end. By no means predictable. A little over the top at times, but what good mystery isn't ? I will definitely keep an eye open for his next offering.
 Very suspenseful and I couldn't guess the ending until it  happened!  Love books that keep me guessing.... well done!
 This book got off to a great plot driven start.  Unfortunately, it quickly became predictable and pat. Not great qualities for a mystery.
 This was an excellent read.  I enjoyed the story - it moved right along and I could not put it down.  I would recommend this book to anyone.
 This was a great story. It really made me think. I loved it. Read it in two days, which is a first for me...well, in a long time.
 Not something I would ordinarily read but once I started I couldn't put it down
 Despite changing my toddler around my house and hosting  dinner guests, I still finished this book in a day. It was just that good
 This is a very good read.  I enjoyed it very much.  Lots of twists and turns.  Interesting characters as well.
 A great book. Really keeps u drawn to story with some big twists.
 This was a great book.  I'm always looking for books that are a little bit different.  This one fits the bill with an unusual but believable story.  I really felt for the characters and how they got drawn further and further into the story.
 Excellent read.  A good cup of coffee, a comfortable chair and this book are just the ticket.
 Loved this book! It was emotional and a great book to read because you never know if someone is going through something like this ! I really enjoyed this book.
 This book was a quick and good read. It did have a predictable ending. Overall Fast read with short chapters.
 Loved every word. Hard to put down. A lot of twists and turns. Edge of your seat good. Great read.
 This book is riveting!  No further words needed!  Easy read and understand finished in 3 hours!  Great book, you won't be disappointed.  I won't give away anything!
 Unexpected elements waiting to be disclosed.<br/>One of the best representations of both the real world of the autism spectrum and the pit that is even the best of the "place to go to die" industry in America.
 I really enjoyed this book. It was very entertaining and interesting .It had characters with problems dealing with them as best they could,also with love and caring.
 Could not stop reading. It is very inciting. Reveals the true nature of life as it ebbs and flows along.
 This book was an quick and exciting read.  The characters were real, and the mystery kept me in suspense until the end.  I loved the stories of each character and the way the mixes together.
 I really enjoyed the book in fact it was hard to put down.  A lot of twists and turns.  I would recommend it to others.
 Almost at the end.  Hard to put down. Great read.  This is a story about secrets and how they can turn the fate of the lives they infect.  There are the innocent, the guilty and how these two intersect to create that gray area of life.
 Very engaging. Not a "classic" but I would still recommend it as an absorbing page turner.
 Great read in my opinion.  Will look forward to finding out if the author can repeat in the next novel.
 You will enjoy this story...!!!
 I thought the book was great. Was suspenseful all the way through, characters were so real it was as if they were actual people hard to put down!
 This book had it all for me. Drama, romance, intrigue, twists and turns and a great ending. What a ride.
 Enjoyed the lead character and rest of cast, very likable. Thrilling ending, had a great time reading this novel. Zero complaints here.
 Good airplane read. Easy to figure out but still enjoyable. Character development could have been better. Would recommend for an easy read, not for a book club.
 A little to predictable for my taste.<br/>Slow startup.<br/>Not exactly a book you can't put down.<br/>However, easy to read and entertaining.
 Very good
 An interesting story with several subplots.  Engrossing from the first chapter.  Equal to Connelly, Grisham, and l'crois, with a happy ending.
 This book talks about courage, commitment, truth &amp; how each characters must deal with these issues making choices about life/death
 I truly enjoyed this book, after reading many that I could barely make it through. I look forward to reading more of his novels.
 I really enjoyed this book, great twists and well developed characters. It grabs you right away and the pace never really lags.
 Excellent story!  The writing was good and it was very suspenseful.  I recommend without reservation.
 Could not put this book down. Grabbed my attention from the very first chapter. Great twists. Looking forward to reading the next book.
 My niece requested this book for Christmas.  So glad to have found it easily thru Amazon
 I loved the characters, and was glad they were given a good ending!<br/>I would recommend this book to everyone.<br/>Can't wait for His next book in the fall!
 I loved this book! Characters well developed. Lots of twists and turns that were not predictable.  Quick read.  I toughly enjoyed this book. Can't wait to read more from this author
 This book had everything i enjoy in books: mystery,  history,  inner dialogues of the underdog, and more. Highly recommend this book.
 I don't usually enjoy reading but this book held my attention from start to finish!
 A book that pulls you in and doesn't let you go until the story is over. Characters that are real and believable.
 Great read for those that like a good mystery novel. Keeps you engaged the during the whole story. 5 stars.
 Very well written. Will keep &amp; read again in the future.
 The story moves on quickly and draws one to turn the page for more. It brings out the goodness of people even when in trauma.
 Ordinary writing.
 I loved this book, had me from beginning to the very end.
 Well written book kept me interested nonstop! Characters well formed and no stone was left unturned. I highly recommend if you like twists
 I read this book within 3 days. I couldnt get enough of this book. For the authors debut, he did really well. I look forward to reading more of his books in the future.
 Story is great and compelling.
 easy read the story flows nicely
 I read the bulk of it in one day.. couldn’t put it down. Can’t wait to see what else this author writes.
 Fantastic book. My favorite author!! A can’t put down kind of book!
 Well written with a couple of nice twists.  I would really give it 4.5 stars.
 Enjoyed the writing, story line and look forward to reading more from this author.  A surprising twist which was not expected.
 Very well-written. I loved the suspense of the book! Would definitely recommend to anyone who likes thrillers.
 I love a good mystery...the kind that keeps you wondering and keeps you on the couch while the laundry piles up. This one foot the bill. Very well written and worth the read.
 Kept me interested from the first page.  The characters are well developed and draw you into their lives with each turn of the page.
 I could not put this book down!  It was the fastest I've read a book in a very long time.  Every chance I had, I would open the Kindle app on either my iphone or ipad just to get another chapter in.  Exciting from the first word to the very last.  I can't wait to see if he writes another book soon!
 compelling story that keeps you reading - just a little heavy on the swearing for my liking
 Great read.
 This book engages you right away and keeps you reading non stop!  I would recommend it to anyone who loves crime mysteries.
 Loved the story! Well worth the read.  Writing style flowed. Dialogue pushed the story forward rapidly leading to a satisfactory conclusion.
 Frist time reading Eskens. I enjoyed this book a lot. Read it quickly and wanted to know what would happen next!<br/>Now looking for another one.  Use of language good,  characters generally depraved.. .like society!  "swimming in chaos"  to quote the author.
 Personally, I loved it. I didn't put it down until I was finished with it. Good read!
 I read 7 to 8 books a month and this is the best book I've read this year.  Will recommend to my book clubs.
 The Life We Bury is this month's book club selection. Joe and Lila were very likable characters (although they did not always use common sense).  The plot was thready in spots, but still kept me interested. A good mystery with its many twists.
 Was caught up in the plot with the dying prisoner; didn't like the mother role--too obnoxious.
 Good book, well worth reading
 A good book, will read more from this author for sure
 Well thought out. Story filled with enough scenarios to pull an all nighter to finish. Some plot twists but story has a believability that's refreshing.
 This book kept me guessing until the very last chapter! Great story line!
 Tremendously enjoyed this book and plan on reading his next two.
 The story was good but the writing was a little cheesy and felt kind of over the top at times.
 enjoyed the story very much.  the author developed each of the character. the ending was very sweet.
 One of the best books I've read in a while. The mystery kept the story moving along quickly and I really cared about the characters.
 I couldn't put this book down! Just the kind of book I like! It keeps you guessing with every chapter!
 It was hard to put down. Esken seems to know a lot about bipolar people. Very interesting characters with troubled souls.
 Well it was OK - i thought the protaganist was a bit thick and the characters were all fairly one dimensional and obvious, but it wasn't a terrible read.
 I actually ordered this book for my wife (at her request). She said she enjoyed it.
 There were some fabulous lines at the beginning - which gave me great enough expectations to buy the book.  But it lagged for me as time went on
 The premise drew me in, the writing kept me in. This is a very good story, and well written. The Pauline-on-the-tracks was a bit<br/>much at times, and having all those dangerous things happening to him put me in mind of a Bourne-type character, in fact, it<br/>would probably make a good movie, with the suspensful and twisting plot. There were a few things I thought Eskens' editor<br/>could have helped him out with...eyes do not nod their approval...The last star is blank because of the writing of some of the<br/>characters- his Mom, the dandruffy DA,.just barely escape being archetypes/stereotypes. And, some of the characters who<br/>later warm to Joe make a turn about the reason for which is not completely shown...I know some people are very bad,<br/>but most everybody, even the bad ones, have some sympathetic qualities. I am going to read the new one and see if Eskens manages it again...
 A good read.  Well written with vivid and effective description.  Well drawn characters who are relateable.  One cares about them or finds the villains easy to dislike.
 I am not sure how I stumbled on to this book, but I am glad I did! It was a quick, easy read. I loved the characters and the plot (a little predictible) but well worth the read!
 The fine line between murder and killing is explored in this fast paced novel, guilt, innocence, past lives and responsibilities help to weave a tight narrative
 Just bought his other book and almost done with it. Love to discover new authors who write unique stories.
 I typically prefer non-fiction but I thoroughly enjoyed reading The Life We Bury.  Well-done, especially for a first work!  Good story and character development - it reeled me in right away and kept me glued till the very end.
 after the reviews, I was disappointed.  Yet, the book did hold my interest.  Ends as I expected; a bit trite.
 I read about a book a week.  This will, without a doubt, be a standout for 2016.  The negative reviews have no merit.
 Ok. Predictable. A bit too "neat."
 I thought this book was hard to put down.  Every character is captivating and every one has an interesting back story and a "buried" life--or one they would like buried.
 I thoroughly enjoyed reading The Life We Bury. I loved the characters and the suspense. I will be looking forward to reading more books by this author.
 very good book.  a great new writer to me........
 Descriptive writing.  A good story with decent action.  Moves well.  Also has its sensitive moments.  Nice victories for underdogs.  Never judge a book...
 Everyone has a story to tell. This story begins with a college student listening to the life story of a Vietnam Veteran who is a convicted murderer. Suspenseful, painful and heart-warming, this book uncovers secrets that need to be told.
 This is my first read by Allen Eskens. Well written and full of emotion. I'm so glad I came across this novel.
 I read this book in a matter of just a few days, it is gripping and captivating and the definition of a page-turner. I struggled to put this book down. It's one of the best books I have read in a long time!
 Great book
 Good story and an interesting premise. The author needs to develop the characters more but this is an enjoyable book and I look forward to more.
 A true page turner, could hardly stop reading each night.  Enjoyed the concept of Joe's class assignment and how his relationship with Carl Iverson evolved.  The writer does a fabulous job of transforming Carl through the book.
 I started reading it and found I just wanted to find out more and more. Kept me up until late. I found it thoroughly entertaining
 Well written, but totally predictable. The characters are well developed and I felt for the protagonist, particularly when he had to deal with his immature and party-oriented other and autistic brother.
 Not an awful read, but the ending was apparent about half way through the book. The author got lazy with the plot and resolution. The main character's motivation was not really believable.
 A spellbinding, riveting, heartwarming story ! Excellent read, I could not put it down!  A story of true love and friendship .
 I read this book because it was a book club choice.  Very, very good.  Well written, interesting characters, and worth the read.
 Well-told story with fully developed characters. Enjoyed it throughout. The bulk of suspense occurred in the last half of the book. Wish that had been more spread through, but that is a very minor complaint. Will look for more books by this writer.
 It was like watching a movie.  Each chapter ended in a way that you wanted to continue into the next chapter. Exciting and hard to put down.
 The Life We Bury is solidly written, with lovely prose during the first half. The twists are a bit simple, but an entertaining read.
 Very good book
 The book was riveting and could not put it down. I read it in a day and a half. The characters totally sucked me in. Excellent read.
 Great book...I couldn't put it down!! I will be purchasing more books by Allen Eskens. I loved the unexpected  twists.
 Excellent book. Characters are great. Relationships are done well. The story stays with you.
 Fully engaged from the very beginning the end wishing there was a next chapter.  Refreshingly written without excess violence or profanity to cloud the real story.
 A must read book!!!! I never wanted to put it down. Most of the characters touched my heart. The others I wanted to kill. Thank Allen for writing this great novel.
 This is one of the best books I've read in quite some time.
 I enjoyed the twists and turns of this book.  The fact that I had been toost of the locations made it even more interesting
 very good read.
 I like the short chapter format that goes good with my commute on the train.  I found myself looking forward to the trip home flying by because I was lost in this story and characters.  Parts were somewhat predictable, but there were also a number of surprise turns.  I particularly enjoy the author's style of writing which comes across very natural as a story teller.  I recommend it as a good drama.
 I read this book in one day. I could not put it down. It pulled me into the story right away.  It was interesting and emotional. I loved it and would look forward to the next. Well worth it.
 Well written novel with believable characters and real world dilemmas. Despite a difficult home life, the main character rises to the occasions of his life with love and commitment.
 Very good book, and have already pre-ordered the next Allen Eskens novel. I liked the character, and rooted for him throughout the entire story.
 Caught my interest from beginning to end, believable characters and great story line.
 It took me 2 days to finish the whole book. I rarely do that, but I wasn't able to stop reading it. It was like watching a thriller movie, except it had a lot more details and emotions in it.
 A great book by this author. I read at average speed and devoured this book in less than a week of evening reading. Definitely worth checking out!
 I really enjoyed this book, very much in fact.  Loved the main character.
 First and foremost, kudos to Allen Eskens book, "The Life We Bury." It was amazing. I usually don't read mystery books, but I just could not put this book down. It is a real page turner. I recommend it to all adult readers. I will start "The Guise of Another" soon.
 This book was an unexpected gem.  The characters were interesting, the writing was graceful, and the plot was gripping.
 Was expecting something different but was delighted with what I got. A murder case gone wrong mixed with a young man's life finally gone right....Heartwarming, maddening, suspenseful, forgiving and sweet all in one.
 Some of the situations were a little far fetched but overall good plot and kept my interest
 One of my favorite novels...suspenseful, quick read, great story. Writing the story of a dying man was made more interesting by the background story of the college student writing the story.
 Great writing for a first time novelist.
 No two ways about it. This is a really good book. I stepped out of my comfort zone when I ordered this one and am so glad I did. Will certainly look at any future books by this author.
 I really enjoyed this book. Couldn't put it down. I look forward to many more books by this excellent new author!
 Allen Eskens has created intelligent witty characters and an intriguing story that lures the reader in.  Great writing fabulous plot.
 The Life We a Bury is entertaining enough, although there's not a lot it teaches you about life.  It is a quick read and  I enjoyed it enough to try another book by the author
 I liked it!
 Eskens is a master wordsmith! Two stories in one that holds your attention down to the last page.
 I read this on vacation with many interruptions and was able to not lose the story.  I really liked the quick pace of the story and how well each character was developed.  I would recommend this book for all ages.  I kept visualizing it being made into a movie.
 It is both a story about growing up and learning lessons, and a thriller that is so intense I had to put it down to catch my breath.
 i bought the book for someone else.
 Thought provoking and makes one look deep into one's own soul regarding moral integrity.
 Definitely recommend to anyone who likes a good mystery.  it is well written and has enough twists to keep you in suspense
 Very impressive debut! Great balance between the mystery and the characters.  I found myself drawn in and anxious for the story to keep develping. I look forward to the author's next work.
 Stellar debut novel.. made my list of favorites for the year.. highly recommend
 I enjoyed this book as it pulled me right into the story. The main character was well defined and it was easy to step into his shoes. The ending was a little far fetched but overall the story was good. I read this book in a day so it was a fairly easy read.
 THE LIFE WE BURY  IM HAVNG PROBLEMS FINISHING IT - BUT A GOOD PHYSICOLOGAL READ
 It was an easy read the characters were very relatable and I loved all of there stories.  I recommend highly!
 A book club read and everyone enjoyed it.
 Very well written book and good story line.  Will buy other books by this author
 I bought this as a gift, but the person I got it for told me they LOVED it.
 Very well written. .kept me in suspence.<br/>Enjoyed the book.
 I thought this book was written well.  You feel bad for both of the main characters . Good ending.
 This book was OK but the storyline was a bit predictable.  It is annoying that it was told in the character of a sort of bumbling young adult who isn't all that articulate.
 Entertaining.  Go a little too predictable in the end.
 This was my very first book of this new year of 2018 and I’m glad I started off with this amazing book , this book keep me on the edge of excitement
 Excellent suspense, the story line draws you in to the end.<br/>Eskens has an perfect way with words describing each scene.<br/>I will definitely read all his books.
 I downloaded a sample of this book, and found myself unable to stop reading.  I'm now going to look for his others.
 Genre wasn't my style of book.
 I couldn't stop reading. Best book I've read in a long time. Story was so real. Highly recommended to all.
 I bought this to read at a later date but just wanted to check out the author's writing style.  I couldn't put it down.  That's 5 stars in my book.
 Great book, read it in a day! The book was in great condition.
 I would probably give it 3.5 stars. I did enjoy the book. I was not bored and it kept my interest. Overall, it was a good, easy read. I just don't give it four or 5 stars because it didn't knock me off my feet and the writing wasn't extraordinary or anything. It was somewhat predictable. But I would recommend it for an easy, quick read.
 INSIGHTFUL
 Great story.....fast paced, riveting.
 This was a good fast read, with lots of action, and interesting characters.  And the ending was a bit unbelievable but good.
 First novel.  Quite will written.  Good mystery.  Am looking forward to seeing it as a movie as are the rest of my book club.  I think it will be very entertaining.  Am going to read his next novel also.
 Excellent and haunting story....we all have past secrets that shape us
 😃
 Loved the different issues that are developed - dealing with Autism, rape, promiscuity, murder, the bad in all of us. Nicely done.
 I really enjoyed this story.  The main characters were interesting, and the secondary characters added interest.  This is a good read for males or females.
 My daughter highly recommended this book
 I really enjoyed this book.  I am looking forward to reading his other books.
 Very interesting book.  You are surprised by the ending.
 A must read; a well-written story. I couldn't put the book down. It really is a great book .
 Very good book. Easy to read. I actually finished in two days. Very interesting ending that I did not see coming.
 Sometimes you know in the first few pages of a book that you're in for a real treat. Even feeling that way, I was surprised by how good it ended up being. Make sure you have a free weekend for this one. You won't be able to put it down!!
 The book started off good. I enjoyed the storyline and where it was going. But as it went on I felt it got a little far fetched and predictable.
 Hard to imagine someone so sinister as the bad guy in this book.  And it is hard to imagine so many mistakes in the trial.  but if you accept that.... It was a very very very exciting book.
 Very good plot. Very well written. A compelling story. One of the better books I have read
 Excellent novel!!! Well written and thought provoking. An author to watch.
 I was going to give this book three stars but got hooked mid-way through and found it to be worth four.  I finally started liking the main character and enjoyed the twists and turns he endured in finding the murderer.
 Loved this book. Fast paced and could not put it down. I love the author in how he grabbed you from the first page to the last.
 The book is kind of predestination, but it certainly keeps you reading.
 I thought the story line was very good - covered a lot of aspects of people's lives.
 Well written... the book is quick read. The stories are touching and I couldn't put it down.
 This was a very well written, good book.  Great author.
 The book begins with a lot of depth, but by the end, the author is just trying to wrap it all up.  There was a chance to full develop all the characters, but I was left hanging about what happened to a few key players.
 Real page turner. Great story well told. Immediately went and bought his second book. Also great.
 A well written book about a phase of history we do not hear too much about!
 Once you start reading you can't put the book down.  Great story of redemption.  Highly recommended.  Storytelling at it's best
 I throughly enjoyed this book. It was an engaging and quick read. I'm a full time high school teacher and was able to pick up and read sporadically throughout the day and in the evenings and had it finished in 4 days.
 This was a selection for my book club and I had no idea what I was in for. Pulled me in early on and had me on the edge of my seat. Gripping novel.
 A college English assignment leads Joe to a local nursing home to interview someone, and he is directed to Carl Iverson, as one of the few residents likely to have an intact memory, but Carl is also a convicted murderer and the further Joe gets into Carl’s story it takes on a life of its own and becomes much more than just an assignment for school. Joe was a great hero—fearless and impulsive at times, methodical and self-less at others; struggling with the willingness to take on the responsibility of looking after his Autistic brother and the problems brought on by his troublesome mother. All the characters were realistic and vibrant, and the story fast-paced and riveting. I loved how Joe’s past and Carl’s came together so seamlessly in the conclusion of the book. Great read, and I’m looking forward to the follow-up book, due out next year!
 I couldn't put it down...read it in a day.  Fast paced, exciting, touching, scary, thrilling...loved it.  Good character development.<br/><br/>.<br/>...
 I was very surprised by this book -it was one of the $1.99 monthly specials and I didn't have any high expectations, but was pleasantly surprised. Quick read, good story that held my interest -well developed characters.
 Loved this book - couldn’t wait to get back to it and see where it led. Highly recommend
 Really awesome book. It's suspenseful and has the mystery element along with a little long story. Definitely suggest reading it!
 A good read.
 really liked the story, twist at the end was unexpected.  usually not a fan of mystery but this was an exeption
 Beautifully written novel I couldn't put it down..it had some terrifying as well as some tender and loving moments.  The characters intertwined with such passion that every chapter was a page turner.
 Good read, kept my interest
 I recommend this book to anyone who likes to read  I loved the characters and the plot. I wanted so much to finish the book but as I got closer I dreaded it ending
 This was a quick, easy read, a good story, not terribly deep, sort of predictable, the autistic brother was a good addition.  Certainly worth reading.
 Sometimes the simplest reads are the best.  Fast paced, plot turning, attention keeping, the characters build nicely, very fluid.  All around great read.
 The best book I read all year. Great concept. Believable characters, great story, visual writing . The reader is there.
 Joe has a challenged brother and a bipolar mother. He's trying to hold it together and get through college. A biographical writing assignment sends him off on a mystery he never expected. Well written and entertaining.
 The story seemed formulaic and unnecessarily grisly.  I felt manipulated and unsatisfied.  The ending too nicely resolves the situation.  The actions of the main character seem unrealistically risky.  I could not recommend.
 It was ok but I like more mystery.  You knew early on how this was going to turn out.
 Great story!
 Story kept me enthralled.
 sent it to my mom she loved it now i ordered her the next one
 Stared out slow somelanguage but overall very well written and a decent story
 The author paints clear visuals as he takes you through a tale of loss and found, pain and redemption. Let's leave it at that. No spoiler here. If you like a good mystery and whodoneit, I highly recommend this one.
 Hard to put down!  He keeps you in suspense while he weaves his story telling.  On the edge....
 I enjoy reading books that are fast and easy to read, The Life We Bury was exactly that. The story kept me turning pages at a regular pace.  Although a bit predictable, I was quickly drawn in to the story and found myself liking all the main characters: the protagonist, Joe, with his kind heart and strong sense of moral code; his younger autistic brother, Jeremy, who starts every sentence with "maybe"; Lila, the requisite romantic interest; and Carl, the perhaps wrongfully convicted rapist/murderer dying of cancer, whose impending death sets the pace for the story as Joe tries to unravel the truth about his past.<br/><br/>In addition to an engaging story line, the writer crafts sentences that are a delight to read, such as this one on the very first page, spoken by the protagonist while reflecting on why his high school guidance counselor never mentioned college to him: "...maybe she knew who my mother was and figured that no one can change the sound of an echo."  I sucked on this phrase for the rest of the day....<br/><br/>I won't hesitate to read another story by this author.
 There were quite a few twists and turns; however, the plot was highly predictable. Additionally, the predicaments the characters found themselves in were very self-afflicted. Felt like a little common sense would have made this more believable.
 Wow, I love this book.  It's a well-written page-turner.  Highly recommended.
 I thought the book was great. I enjoyed the style and suspencefull nature of the writing
 I enjoyed this book and I thought the writer did a great job.
 A little predictable but good
 This debut  novel blew me away.  Eskens  is on the precipice  of a major  writing career.  The story is extremely  well crafted, but highly  enjoyable.
 I truly loved this book! The author's use of metaphors &amp; similes added to a great visual feast.
 Most of it was not predictable but the ending was. I read it for book club.
 The author's style of writing was refreshing. The plot was like nothing I have read before. It is a shorter novel, very easy read but incredibly engaging.
 Read in a couple days of travel. Good suspenseful read that keeps your interest and has a bit of romance thrown in
 Enjoyed it immensely.  Good discussion in local book club.
 I loved this book!  It had many twists and turn!  It was very well written and kept me on the seat of my chair.  Thank you for the entertainment!
 Had me on the edge of my seat.
 Really enjoyed this book - it kept me engaged, liked the character development, and was a quick read.  I will look for other titles by this author.
 Good read, a bit predictable. Felt like idea came from Vietnam story, can 're think of name, don' t think it was Platoon .
 Couldn't put the book down. It changed my outlook on MY life and made me see that life is worth living and savoring. Everyone should read this book!
 Who knew a book could be a good thriller and heart warming? Awesome story - couldn’t put it down. Love books that pull you in and keep you to the end.
 I really enjoyed this story!  Ultimately it was showed human triumph and resilience.
 The story kept my interest from beginning to end.  I hated to have to stop reading.  The characters were very likable and memorable.  Very good read.
 This was a believable story of a college research project that turned into much more. It was a fast read.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  It is wonderfully written, and I felt like I knew the characters personally.  I usually only read 15-30 minutes each night, but this one was hard to put down.
 I enjoyed this book a lot. The characters all had depth, and the story was told well. No missing pieces and an unexpected twist. 👍👍
 One of my favorite books of all time. I recommend it to all of my friends.
 Could not put it down. Twists and turns. Great character development made you feel as if you knew them. I would highlight recommend.
 It was a very good book, I wish they had cleaned up the language in it, then it would have been an awesome book. It kept you going where you did not want to put it down until you finished it completely!
 Great read! I'm pretty picky when it comes to books but this one was captivating. Great story.
 A few twists and turns, but towards the end I was getting restless. Not a bad book, but not the absolute greatest either!
 I really enjoyed this book.
 One of my favs—a must read!
 A quick read, the books keeps you interested. Shocked by some of the plot changes but overall a solid time for the money.
 I enjoyed this book. A real nail biter, keeps you flipping the pages.
 second half of the book I couldn't put down. Very well written and thoroughly entertaining! Would like to read anither by this author.
 The Life We Bury is an entertaining read.  It's like a classic Law and Order episode in paper form.
 Bought this for my son he liked it
 Excellent! Could not put it down! Kept me enthralled start to finish. Would appeal across a wide spectrum.
 Really enjoyed it.  Very easy reading.
 I enjoyed the book from the very beginning.  The story kept me interested &amp; it was difficult to put the book down when I should have been sleeping instead of reading. I am anxious to read another of Eskens books.
 Loved this book. I missed my subway station twice because I was so hooked up with the story.
 It was a decent and easy book held my attention it just needed a little more of a plot.
 I loved this book so much that I have now read everything he has written. Not one disappointed.
 AMAZING.  COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN
 Terrifically talented writing.
 Excellent book, ideal to relax from work and entertain yourself with a very well constructed history.
 Reading this was like watching a good movie! A fun summer read that I couldn't put down until I reached the last page.
 Very well written and spellbinding story, I was entertained through the entire book. Just ordered the next novel by this author!
 I OF THE BEST BOOKS I Have ever reas.
 It was a pretty good read especially since this was a first time author.  I hope to see more books in the future.......khraven
 Fast pace, page flipping story... Good characters! Holds your interest from beginning to end!
 This one caught me from the first page and did not let down.  Plot got deeper and deeper.  A satisfying read.
 Unusual but entertaining little book
 Not a book I would typically read, but I did and glad I did. Really made you think about the way you perceive people
 book club pick
 I didn't know what to expect from this story, but it continued to surprise and please me. An easy read and a good one,too.
 Beautiful story
 Good reading.  Enjoyed the characters and all the plot twists.  Look forward to more books by this author.  I would highly recommend this.
 Excellent vacation read.  Lot's of twists and turns.  Easy to identify with the characters.  I will read more of Eskins books in the future.
 I really enjoyed this story. Loved the characters, the suspense,action and ending. Would highly recommend. It was enjoyable from start to finish.
 Read this in one sitting....loved this page turner!!  Well written, good characters...loved the setting (Twin Cities area)<br/>And it "counts" as a debut novel for one of my book groups.....ordering his second book immediately!
 I am not finished but what I've read I like. It's a bit tedious.
 A few twists and turns that I didn't see coming...which is unusual for me.  I enjoyed the book and would recommend it.
 Was so pulled in by the evolving story I had to finish it once I was about one quarter through. I spent the majority of the day and was delighted with the result.
 A local Minnesota author....one I had never heard....so expectations were low.  I ended up reading it in one afternoon!<br/>Great book....excellent job of bringing characters alive!<br/>Will definitely read another book by Allen Eskens.
 I loved this book and I recommend it to all. It was easy to read too.
 I couldn't put it down. About 25 percent into the book I was hooked and the rest of my world was put on hold while I consumed the remaining pages
 Exciting, sad, emotional and funny at times, hard to put the book down.  Love the way Allen Eskins writes.  One could identify with the characters.  Was sorry to reach the last page.
 Loved this book!
 Very moving story but the expletives took away from the beauty of what it could have been.
 I loved this story. It was very different then most books i have read. There was a lot going on in the story and wanted to keep reading and reading it.
 good
 Very well written, I have already read another of his books!
 I did not regret purchasing it and once I started reading I couldn't put it down.
 Enjoyed the story.  Well written.  Would recommend to those that enjoy reading.
 Great page turner. I finished it in about a day. Looking forward to reading more from Eskens.
 Great book. It was a quick read; but, I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 It was very interesting.  A book I wanted to read and find out what happened next.
 Simply put..just a great read.
 The Life We Bury was compelling, and I couldn't put it down.  I highly recommend it. It was a very different story from any I've read recently.
 This book was an easy read.  I really enjoyed it.
 The book was riveting from the beginning. I felt like I was on a roller coaster of fear. Planning to choose it for my Bookclub. It will make for excellent discussion.
 A story not often told &amp; very interesting experience with the Audible version.  Recommend this book to anyone who loves mysteries.
 Could not put this book down. it's a little slow to start but the story has so many twists and turns! Great for people who love murder mysteries, historical fiction and suspense films.
 Very good book and well worth the read
 I liked the book... entertaining and easy to read
 Very good. Keeps your attention. Great characters although it took a while for Lila to be dimensional and believable.
 I really like the way Mr Eskens writes. He descriptions are down to earth and not overly flowery. The story is a well written suspense.
 Good reading. Lots of twists and turns not expected. Love the three lives that intertwined.
 Loved this book so much that once I finished it, I immediately got on my phone and ordered two more books by Allen Eskens. It is captivating, suspenseful, and makes you want to continue reading. I have no negative comments about this book. Great read.
 Fantastic story!  Just kept the pages turning.  Got another copy for a friend.
 I bought this book on a whim.  Turned out to be one of my better ideas.  The title intrigued me.  At 70 years old, and a Marine who served during the Vietnam war, I can look back at my life and remember events/decisions I too have buried. I was interested to see how the characters' stories unfolded.  It was a great read.  Perhaps the biggest compliment I can give the author is that when I am reading a book I really REALLY like...I won't put itdown.....until the last few chapters.  I stretch those out, because I simply don't want the book to end.  I managed to stretch this one to almost a week!  I am looking forward to reading more from this author.
 Exciting but a bit predictable read.
 This book is so well written!  I loved every minute of reading it.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone that likes a good murder mystery.
 Good read, interesting plot. Easy to read. I enjoyed it.
 Wasn't disappointing or mind-blowing. Very much an average read. Character depth was either minimal or exaggerated. Suspense was good but the breaking of the code undermined it by being so absurd.
 Excellent writing, characters to fall in love with, twists you don't see coming, emotional, a fantastic ending. Loved it!
 I usually don't read fiction, but I loved this book and would recommend it .
 Great book! I couldn't put it down!
 loved this book, read it for an english class and it was awesome
 Have to say people are quick to believe the bad, this story is a wonderful eye opener. Great writing from the author
 It was OK. Had all of the makings of a great book, but something just seemed to be missing. It was worth reading.
 Very much enjoyed this book.  Easy read, good character development and lots of twists!
 When I first started this book, I was sure I would like it. It wasn't long and I was right into it.
 Awesome read! Not what I expected. Fast paced and provocative writing. Highly recommended for anyone looking for an exciting read.
 The story kept my attention.  I would recommend this book for anyone who wants a good book to pass the day.
 Good book. Good story.
 Good book.
 Fabulous.m well developed characters, the several story lines intermingle nicely.
 1/2 way into it.  Has my attention.
 Rather simplistic, perhaps predictable, but still a nice story. A quick, satisfying read. I would read other books by this author.
 This was a fun light read, from an author I've not read before. It had many twists, even though I knew how it was going to and.
 This is a great book and very much worth reading. I really enjoyed it!!! Would recommend to anyone who likes good fiction and good writing.
 This book was assigned to my daughter for her summer reading. She enjoyed and urged me to read it.  I had lost interest in reading these past years. After reading this book I feel re-energized to start reading again!
 It is well written. A good story!
 This is a well written book.  The author engages you in the story.  I could not put the book down.  You want to find out how the main character is going to solve the riddle.
 Great book. A real page-turner. I couldn't put it down
 Love it!
 I really enjoyed this book.  I found it hard to put down.
 Excellent story
 Although I enjoyed the suspense in this book, the main characters mother bothered me...should've been left out or brought in more
 A fast read that has a few twists and turns. A murder mystery with character development to go with it.
 this book is an excellent read.  A page turner..  excellent excellent excellent!
 Excellent writing and story line! I chose it for my book club selection !
 Eloquently exemplifying the best and worst us humans... A page tuner that takes the reader through and unlikely adventure,  while  strumming his/her heartstrings with a wide range of emotion.
 Good read with some good plot twists.
 Good read.  I would buy this as a gift for a friend.
 This story kept me captivated from the beginning to the end. I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes detective/crime books.
 Once I started it, I simply could not put it down until I finished Iowa. Well written, such a good book!!!!!!
 a great book for mystery lovers or anyone.
 This is among a few books that I can say I literally could not put down. It kept me wanting it to get to the end, yet not wanting it to end. For a first time author, Eskens "hit this one out of the park". I  look forward to his next one.
 One of the best books I have read in a long time
 I loved this book, I could not put it down, I almost finished it in one day!!  Going to order Allen Esken's next book today.  Wow!
 It was an easy read. I was hooked from the first chapter.
 Great writing style and a good story. Anxious to read the author's next book.
 I was pleasantly surprised by this book, it was much better then I had anticipated. Interesting story and well written.
 Allen Eskens is becoming my favorite writer
 Engaging story. Lots of twists and turns, with different, related storylines. Great vacation reading material. Pulls together interest in several characters.
 page turner and good story surprise ending
 Enjoyed this book, especially the writing style.
 VERY GOOD BOOK AND I REALLY ENJOYED IT.  IT KEPT YOU INTERESTED.  WELL WRITTEN AND WOULD RECOMMEND IT.
 I loved this story, despite the horrors suffered the characters find the true beauty of life and each other.  Brilliant, and thought provoking, highly recommend:)
 Great page-turner.  Read it in 24 hours.
 I couldn’t put this book down. Easy, quick read with a great story line.
 No wonder he won a first novel award.  I loved this book.  Would definitely read again, even knowing the outcome, just for the pleasure of reading it.
 Lots of twists and turns enjoyed it very much! Started out slow but picked up quickly! Would read other books by this author
 a good read, for the long auto trip!  a page turner, a little more violence than i like, but the boyfriend loved that bit.
 I would recommend this book to readers who like to try to figure out who the real killer is.  It kept me very interested right up until the end.
 I enjoyed this story very much.  Author does an excellent job in his narration and the plot keeps you engaged throughout the book.
 VERY BELIEVABLE CHARACTERS.  HAVE SELECTED IT FOR MY BOOK CLUB DISCUSSION
 The audio version was absolutely wonderful. Great story, great  narrator .
 I really enjoyed.
 I enjoyed the author's very descriptive writing style. I could easily visualize the cast of characters in their plight with life. The redemption of Carl Iverson reminded me of The Shawshank Redemption.
 Read this for a book club and overwhelmingly everyone enjoyed it! It is an easy and fast read and you'll be happy you did!
 I could see this one becoming a movie.  A great book for anyone who enjoys a good mystery.  I would definitely read another book by this author.
 Great read!
 I enjoyed reading this book - easy reading, yet interesting.
 Great story for Book Club's. We had the best discussion about plot, characters and meaningful messages and life lessons.
 Hard to put down. Lots of interesting twists and turns. One too many obstacles put in the hero's path to ring as true.
 It was an interesting story about normal folks with lots of family baggage that many people can identify with besides being an excellent mystery!
 Bought this book on a recommendation of a friend. It grabbed me from the first chapter and kept me engaged until the very end. It's one of those books you hate to see come to an end. Amazing, fast paced and a twist at every turn.
 A story that means more when you live in the area.<br/>A very good read, actually right up there with Sandford. Would highly recommend reading it, worth the purchase. Looking forward to the new release in 2015.
 A simple, yet enjoyable read with a few twists.
 Good
 I loved the way the stories in this book unfolded.<br/><br/>Witty, unusual and captivating.<br/><br/>A very good read.<br/><br/>Definitely recommended.
 I was very pleased with this book honestly
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book; at times could not put it down. The author engaged me from the start, but it only got better.  A fairy tale ending to a believable story!
 The Life We Bury combined a great mystery with interesting characterization. It moved very quickly and definitely kept you guessing.
 Liked the story line but felt the writing style was more young adult
 This was a good read with an interesting mystery and solidly developed characters.  Having read other similar mysteries, it did not really surprise me.  I was a bit disappointed with the last quarter of the book for this reason.
 A very personal account of the main character.A very warm ending
 Enjoyable read. Enough unexpected twists and turns to keep my interest. Enjoyed the characters.
 I liked it. It was an interesting who done it read.
 An interesting story that's well told.  Characters immediately come to life and draw the reader into their lives and the unfolding mystery.  I'm glad to recommend this book.
 Fast paced and very well written.  Never a dull moment.  Highly recommended.  Really an excellent story that makes you want to keep reading.
 I enjoyed this very much.  I am going to try to find another by the same author and hope it is just as good as this one.
 I would highly recommend this book if you like mystery and suspense! It's a page turner and I finished in one day!
 This story is a page turner.  Just the right mix of thriller and mystery with believable characters and real-life events.  Lovely story of second chances and redemption.  Will read more by this author.
 a good fast read
 Quick, easy read. It really held my attention.
 The plot is compelling, and the observation of finding heaven in the beauty existing on earth was great.  Recommend to all.
 I enjoyed reading this book. It had suspense, an underdog, love and a hero. Some parts were easy to see coming but it was a nice ending
 I was caught up right away and the storyline kept me going. Highly recommend as a good read.
 I enjoyed it - it was a book club selection -- unfortunately, I couldn't attend the meeting -- so, don't know what the members thought
 Just finished "The Life We Bury" and I must said this is one the more enjoyable books I've read in a very long time. Easy read and could hardly put it down. This is the first book I've read by Allen Eskens and was not disappointed. Thank you Allen and Bravo!
 This was a good quick thrilling read , highly recommended<br/>Loved the characters and the plot .. Showed the story from many angles
 Sad, moving, deep, and absolutely worth reading. The audio version is worth recommending too, reader sounds as if he was telling us his own story.<br/>Although, there are actually several stories, and every one is of the life that we bury.
 A great read for the summer.  I enjoyed each character, especially jeremy and joe's relationship.  Well done... and keep writing.  Congratulations!
 Loved it  good character development will definitely be reading more from this author fast paced and hard to put down
 Excellent read
 Well written. Engages reader quickly. Good character development and a twist at the end. Could not put the book down. Thank you for the story.
 Its an entertaining read. A bit slow to develop and not entirely unpredictable, but the pace picks up at the end.
 I haven't enjoyed reading a book this much for quite some time.  IMO, this author's character development is similar to those of Wally Lamb.  For me, that's quite a compliment.  Hopefully his subsequent books will carry this trait through.
 I was hooked after the first page.  I couldn't put this book down.  I'm going to order his second book and hope he has another one finished when I get through with that one!
 Interesting approach to a story.  Many stories today are similar in plot, but this author had a creative approach.  I would recommend this book as a good read.
 some great underlying stories and twists and turns. interesting from page one until the end
 Great characters, intriguing plot! It was just a fabulous book! Loved it!
 Easy to read, engaging. I liked it a lot
 Well written. Held my interest.<br/>Main character not believable as able to solve a crime
 Very well written, thought provoking, a page turner.
 Loved the book. The only part I didn't care for was the lengthy portions of his personal life.  But otherwise I loved it
 I enjoyed it
 I bought this book solely based on the positive reviews and I was disappointed.  I found it utterly predictable and the writing style simple.  It was a nice story, but otherwise, I'd say to skip this one.
 I like that the story took place in Minnesota, my home state. I knew a lot of the places described.<br/>The story isn't what you expect it to be which was a twist for me.
 Very interesting story.
 Really enjoyed, turned out to be quite the page turner.
 A well written story full of action and mystery.  I'm looking forward to reading the other books written by Allen Eskens and also any future books.  Keep up the good work.
 This is a really good book.  I highly recommend it.  Once you start reading it you don't want to quit!
 This book was a fast paced quick read (unputdownable) full of interesting and likable characters and lots of interesting plot twists and turns. I recommend it and will be reading the next book by this author.
 Great book ...fast service ...Thank you!
 I was so caught up in the case and knowing the truth. This was so hard to put down.
 I couldn't put it down! Fascinating main story with equally compelling side story. Very well written. I can't recommend enough.
 By far a great book to read and recommend to younger readers too.
 Loved the writing and the characters. I felt like I was reading a movie.  It was a good story and kept me in suspense.
 Great story with a fabulous ending! I found myself looking forward to reading time so I could find out what happened next!
 This book became one of my favorite books collection. It was very well written and so hard to put down.
 Suspenseful, well written, compelling. Great book
 Great, suspense-filled read!!!
 Well written and great story! Gave a copy as a gift to be enjoyed by others.
 Great descriptions and metaphors.  Plus an interesting story.  At times too contrived, but mostly it's very clever.  Worth picking up.
 This was a well written page turner. If you enjoyed Girl On a Train then I think you'd enjoy this novel as well. Definitely recommend it.
 The book was great.  Would highly recommend it!
 Great can't put it down adventure! Good easy read weekend escape!  Ready for adventure,  Allen Eskens.
 Engaging. Quite a sequence of events in this college students life!!
 I like to read to fall asleep, no such luck with The Life We Bury. This book was a page turner, fast moving from beginning to end.
 Quite the thriller<br/>Good character development
 This was an entertaining, suspenseful story. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 Well written, a great story line, very believable! Couldn't wait to pick it up again, hated to put it down!
 This book was really fun to read. Every once in awhile you get a book that surprises you...this is one.
 Could not put it down. Riveted to the storyline, curious to see where it would lead. Definitely recommending this book to friends and family!
 It was an entertaining read
 The characters were well-developed and the story interesting. I recommend this novel for anyone looking for a an entertaining, thoughtful mystery.
 Loved the short chapters. Hard to put down.
 Loved the book. My brother told me he liked it, so I got it. I was immediately engrossed in the character and his story. I def recommend it!
 Fast easy read.  Good vacation time fodder.  Heroes are likeable characters.  Some good twists and turns, but sometimes too predictable.
 It was a wonderful book.  I cared about the characters and wanted to "read just one more chapter before I stop".  And then another and another.  Great book.  I'll look for more books by this author.
 Love to read a new author and this story was really great!
 Joe is a fully developed character and the mystery grabs you about 1/3 of the way into the book.  His autistic brother is artfully portrayed.
 Excellent read !! Great character development and plot... Intend to read more by this author... Two thumbs-up
 Great story - the end surprised me
 She is a very special author. Wonderful storyteller.
 I really liked the intrigue of the story, the way it twisted and turned. I thought I had it figured out, but then it would change. It kept my interest until the very end.
 Loved the book.
 Always blows me away when I buy a book based on good reviews and realize how incredibly low some readers' standards are. If you like intelligent, original, well written crime fiction, e.g. Tana French, this novel will disappoint. Full of cliches and boringly predictable.
 Was new like never used
 Better suited for a younger crowd - people of college age or so. Nice story. Well written.
 This story was engaging and intriguing from page one.  Articulate, suspenseful, with sympathetic characters who stayed true to the end.
 Very captivating.<br/>If you like Goldfinch, you'll like this book.
 Loved this book. Book club loved this book. We could not put it down. Compelling, riveting, real. I want more. Will read the next Eskens' books coming out Oct. 4.
 This book pulls you in from the very beginning.  There are points where someone who wants to get to the story quickly might grow impatient, but persevere. It is well worth your indulgence. Great story. The ending will surprise you.
 I didn't think thia book was good at all. It never grabbed my attention and it, in my opinion, is poorly written.
 I really enjoyed this new author.  The story was great.  A mystery thriller with a lot of emotion.  Don't miss this one.  I look forward to more from this author.
 I really liked this book. It had some suspenseful parts and a good amount of twists and turns leading to a satisfying end.
 beautiful little book..love the juxtaposition between subplot and plot..writer and who is being written about..and the melding of the two.
 A page turner with a good plot and believable characters. I didn't rate the "and they all lived happily ever after" type of ending but nevertheless it was an enjoyable read
 I am an avid mystery reader  -  I really enjoyed this book - a definite page turner - I love new authors and look forward to Allen Eskens next book.
 Just not a good book. I didn't like the characters and didn't feel connected to any of them.
 Excellent first novel.
 The book should be in juvenile category. It was a waste of my time. The same old with nothing new to offer. Young adult category.
 Great read for sure, I recommended it to most of my friends.
 This book is a page turner.  Easy to read and interesting story.
 What a fantastic vacation read. I loved the plot twists and the writing was excellent! Great book, thank you! Karen.
 This was a thoroughly enjoyable,wonderful read! I hope Allen Eskens writes more novels. The story had great pace,character development and plot twists!
 Enjoyed this book!  Loved the characters and the suspense!
 Very well written book! I throughly enjoyed reading this book!
 Great book! Couldn't put it down. I read it in two days. I've now ordered, The Heavens May Fall. Can't wait to get it. The main characters in The Life We Bury, carry on in The Heavens May Fall.
 Good plot with some surprises along the way.  Not deep, but a light "summertime read."
 I'm not sure how I found out about this book but my expectations were a little too high, I'm afraid.  It sounded better than it turned out to be.
 Absolutely loved The Life We Bury. What a great mystery who-done-it novel. Can not wait to read his newest book. 👍🏼
 It was a good, easy read. It hooks you quickly and keeps going. I enjoyed it.
 Read this for a book club and there were some surprises and twists, but not a great book. Short enough and good enough for light reading.
 Fun and fast read with some thoughtful plot about how the main characters handle difficult life situations.
 Enjoyed the fast paced story with more than one surprising plot turn. Not your usual plot line. Good read.  Highly recommend. N
 Well written, fast pace. Several highlight-worthy, thought provoking passages about change, growth, family and loyalty. I Ike's his comment on Paschal's wager.
 Excellent read. Kept me engrossed from the beginning. Highly recommend.
 This book has it all. Very well written and hard to put down. I will definitely be looking forward to reading his next book!!!
 Outstanding!
 Easy read. I attached to the characters right away. There were a few times where the story started to drag, and I skipped quite a bit, but overall I enjoyed this read!
 The story line was very predictable once the groundwork on the characters was set. I would recommend this for young adult readers.
 Could not put it down! Had no idea where it was headed but loved the ending.  Sure to read more by this author.
 Interesting storyline with young man interviewing a convicted killer for a university assignment. He develops a friendship with a female student down the hall.  Together they work to solve the mystery. It was just a little too predictable for me.  The writing was just okay.
 Interesting, well written and a rapid read.
 A wonderful story that is masterfully told.  One of my favorite books!
 Very enjoyable read....a little predictable, but easy to read and entertaining.
 Excellent read.  I was captivated from the very first page and had trouble putting it down.  Hopefully I can find more stuff from this author.  Happy reading!
 This book was well written and as a former prosecutor I can vouch for its Technical soundness. This was time well spent
 Loved the protagonist in this story. He was a regular Joe; very likeable and someone I wanted to root for. I had figured out the mysteries and surprises but it didn't matter at all. Very well written.
 I purchased this book based on Amazon's synopsis.  Real page turner!!  Some offensive language, but pertinent to the story.  It's a tear<br/>jerker. Will most likely read again in the future.
 Really enjoyed this book. I felt connected to the characters in this heartwarming story. It moves along at a great pace, I couldn't put it down.
 This book was awesome... it was intense, with twists and it made me emotional and made me have such intense feelings towards the characters . So good
 Well written book, was a page turner.  I would highly recommend this book
 Good read with enough suspense to keep your interest.
 If you are looking for a quick decent read....The Life We Bury is just that.  The premise is intriguing unfortunately the author did not tap into the characters as richly as he should have...hence only a 3 star rating.
 This book was well written and easy to get hooked.. Exciting and engaging.. I truly enjoyed it
 A great book, hard to put down!
 The book started out interesting, but ended up being like so many mystery novels.  Although it was a bit disappointing, I did enjoy reading it.
 This book had several twist and an interesting plot line. A quick read.
 The book was easy to get into and moved quickly. The ending was predictable and a little unrealistic to me but I liked the characters and the story overall.
 Quick fast paced murder mystery that I could not put down!  Quick read and very interesting! Dont miss this one!
 Fast moving.  Good story.  Surprise turns.  Well written.
 I needed a book for a relaxing week-end and happened on this one due to the reference to autism in the Amazon review.  (I have a son with autism.)  What I found is a good debut novel by an author who can tell a story that will interest young adult readers as well as older readers who need a book as a distraction from life.  Certainly Eskens will improve in these areas with more experience: his character development, his tendency toward the improbable and his rock 'em sock 'em falling action.  Once an author clearly defines his audience, his style will match.  I enjoyed the protagonist and his own battles with demons.  Also enjoyed the veteran, Carl Iverson,  who provided Joe with material for his English writing assignment.  The author just needs to fully develop each event of his plot, each characteristic of his characters and each conflict of his story.  I found myself skim reading at times; this would not happen if each detail reflected memorable, necessary writing.  Overall, good book!
 I loved this book.  It's full of suspense and surprises.  The author builds the story by letting the "facts" dribble out slowly so that when the finale comes it's quite lovely.
 Enjoyed the book, kept my attention.<br/>He kept you guessing til the end. Will look for more booked by the author
 Enjoyed the writers descriptive writing and the story line was compelling. Liked that it was set in MN.
 A LITTLE DEPRESSING STORY LINE BUT WELL WRITTEN AND ENLIGHTENING ABOUT WHAT WE USED TO CALL INSANE ASYLUMS.
 A well written story. The book is appealing, and read easily.<br/>The main mystery is solved too early in the book to my taste, but the tention exists till the end.
 Great new mystery writer. Read other two books. Also excellent.
 It was ok for a fast summer afternoon read.
 Very good story.  I enjoyed it
 Great read. This book was recommended to me by Amazon and didn't disappoint.
 I could use a few dozen mentions of the F word. I know it fits into the story line, but come on! Every other word????
 Good book
 Eh
 Not my usual cup of tea, not rich enough.
 A very good book
 This was a good story and an easy read . I really like the storyline and the writing style is used. There were some major things that seem to be polished over that I wasn't a huge fan of .
 This book was purchased to read over the Thanksgiving break. Excellent read, very much a page turner.  This is an author that I want to read more of.
 Loved this book! Mr. Eskens certainly kept be on the edge of my seat. Quite the page turner!
 Excellent story . Will read again .
 Loved the book! Suspense until the very end!
 I WOULD GIVE THIS BOOK A 10 IF I COULD.  I ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT &amp; COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN.  DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS ONE
 Excellent I couldn't put it down.
 This is one of the best books I've ever read! I could hardly put it down and would highly recommend this to anyone who likes suspense novels.
 The story begins a bit slow...but as I got into the first few chapters, it was difficult to put down.  I recommend this book!
 Loved the character development and interactions even more than the murder mystery. Gripped my attention the whole way through.
 good story line
 Loved the book! I stumbled across it on the Kindle recommends and took a chance. I predict a long and prosperous career for Mr. Eskens. I'm buying his second book as soon as I finish typing.
 this book was ok,  not a great writer and not a great story.
 I am having a difficult time understanding the positive reviews.  This book contained many cliches and many foreseeable plot twists, and it abruptly turned into a chase/auction sequence about 60% of the way through.  It ended very predictably, with the protagonist and his new slightly damaged girl friend solving the crime, exonerating the wrongly accused man on his deathbed, and miraculously collecting a reward.  This reward enabled the  protagonist to save his autistic brother from his drunk mother while continuing to pursue his college degree.  Nothing original or especially interesting for me here.
 Having worked with folks with Autism and visiting nursing homes, Eskens has it perfect.  really want a sequel to see how everyone works out
 Different reading
 This is a story that relates to everybody's life which in some way is a story extremely personal, mysterious, complicated, diverse and enlightening.
 For a first novel, this was a good effort by the author though I found it predictable and verbose.
 It goes quickly and was hard to stop reading it. My initial guess about the final outcome was incorrect.
 Really enjoyed this book. It was a quick read and I would definitely recommend it!
 so good that I passed my copy on to my friend!
 Enjoyed it quite a lot but found the main character to be too mature for his age.  He was almost a superhero.  As much as I wanted that part to ring true, it just doesn't.  Our world sure would be better if that was reality!
 Amazing book, I read it in 2 days and was stunned! It would be an amazing movie, too.
 Intriguing. Easy to follow and not as predictable as some of his books. It held my attention throughout. I would recommend it.
 Very good read! I finished it in less than a week.
 A really engrossing thriller.  Very much worth reading.
 Very good book. Looking forward to the sequel.
 Loved this book. After the first two chapters I was hooked. I ended up reading it in 3 nights, because I just couldn't put it down. Would recommend this book..
 Great book!!
 enjoyed this very much
 Excellent writing, strong imagery, compelling narrative, but this is NOT NON FICTION. Still a good read.
 loved it
 This story kept my interest page after page.  A very good read.
 Fast paced excellent read.  Very interesting!!
 Enjoyed the book. It kept me turning pages to see what the truth really was.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a while. One you don't want for it to end and be over. The descriptions and detail are so vivid it's as if your watching a movie in your mind. I could easily see this becoming a movie on the big screen. I'm looking forward to more books from this author.
 Enjoyed reading this novel......quick, easy read.....with somewhat unique descriptive sentences.
 Read this for my book club. I recommend reading it.
 Great story fast read
 good book!
 This book had everything and then some! It'll shock you, make you mad, make you laugh, make you cry. Truly one of the best books I've read in a long time.
 This is a good debut novel. Plot a bit predictable, characters (except protagonist) rather under-developed. Still, I wanted to know how things turned out. In other words, I took the hook. A good sign for any novelist.  Hoping for more, by which I mean from good to very good, from this author. Worth your time.
 I bought this book simply based on the number of reviews and I wasn't disappointed. I love any book that is hard to put down and this fit the bill.
 I really enjoyed this book. I loved the hero.
 Really good read, great characters would have been 5 stars except for the somewhat lame ending.
 I fun read. I really enjoyed this book. I will read others by this author! Characters were well developed... Along with a good mystery!
 This is a very engaging and enjoyable book. Do yourself a favor and read it. You will not regret it.
 fast read
 Good mystery and character development that kept me reading late at night.
 This drew me in from the first page. It was fast paced and we came to care about the characters. I ended with tears and for me that's a plus.
 Excellent twists and turns
 Written in an easy manner with wonderful insights into human behavior tucked into great running narrative. Easy to read but don't be fooled about its depth.
 Easy read, fast moving. There were a couple of surprises and a couple of predictable moments but overall a very good read.
 Starts realistically.  Then departs reality and credibility in the interest of some "forced" twists.
 A page turner
 A good story with interesting characters. Storyline is a bit simple. Easy read.
 I recommand my friend read this book
 I could not put this book down and finished it in one day.  This one is definitely worth your time.
 This was a great book! I couldn't put it down,  suspenseful and thrilling, unexpected and even touching with a good ending
 Great book! Couldn't put it down. But, I may be biased. My family is from Chisago/North Branch area and I went to U of M.
 The pace of the story keeps you turning the pages to find out what is coming.
 Loved reading this suspenseful story set in Minnesota with accurate cities, colleges and streets. Characters are likable and story line unique. I would recommend this book!
 Great book, hard to put down.
 I found the book entertaining
 Hard to put down.  Loved the history and characters that the author really made come alive.
 Good
 this book went on too long
 I could not put it down! Had my attention until the end of the book. Highly recommend it! 5 star review
 Excellent can't put down read. great writing and story telling. Can't wait to read more from this author.
 Excellent read!! Enjoyed the twists and turns in the plot. I  would recommend this book to any of my reader friends
 Great read, suspenseful
 Good story. Easy read. Like the Vietnam Vet insights. Mystery. Action
 I had never heard of this book nor it's author before selecting it to read.  I rolled the dice and won.  Kept me engaged from beginning to end.
 You have got to read this! This story is very captivating and so very well written, and has a plot that is near perfect.
 Realistic and fast paced. A great engrossing mystery!<br/>This is the first time I have read this author-I highly recommend this book.
 What a story! It has been a long time since I have read such a satisfying tale. Thank you Allen Eskens for the wonderful entertainment!
 I enjoyed this book. I was looking for some suspense and an unpredictable book and this one has all that. I could not put it down.
 Great book, I could not stop reading it! Looking forward to reading another Allen Eskens book.
 Very straightforward kind of story that would really only be interesting if it was true rather than a piece of simple fiction.
 Excellent book! Love this authors technique. He pulls you in right away!
 Great book, bought this one as a gift
 Great book!  Kept me in suspense with its twists and turns. Couldn't put it down!  The next new John Grisham!
 It was a good book to read as I wondered who was going to be the villain.
 Very good read, is a new author for me .  Will try other books by this author.
 Great read!  Page turner with a few good twists in the road.  Highly recommend.
 This book is very well written .  It is a unique mystery that held my interest until the end.  I would highly recommend it.
 It was a pretty good read
 I liked the life lessons from this story. Why a mother could be so full of herself even though I considered her a sick women. It was inspiring how Joe succeed in school as well as caring for his brother and solving carl' s innocence.
 I was so looking forward to reading this after all the great reviews. Sadly, however, it was pretty predictably plotted and the characters were all two dimensional.  I did finish it, so it wasn't terrible. Just a C or C minus.
 Its a wonderful story of how a young college student faces his personal secrets as he uncovers the truth of another human being.
 I loved this book.  It kept my interest from the beginning and was never boring.
 This was an excellent novel. I couldn't put it down. I enjoyed the characters immensely. Good mystery too. Anxious for his next book!
 Great book,easy to read and keeps you quessing the whole way through.  The descriptions of the characters and places they travel allow you to imagine being right there with them.  Well done.
 not a literary masterpiece, but a this solid book, and I felt it at the end. definitely glad I read it.
 I read the reviews on this book and decided to buy it. I am so glad I did. This book got my attention from the start and kept it to the last page. I will definitely keep an eye out for his next book.
 Loved this book. Interesting characters that were easy to like. I would love to have the writer do a sequel.
 Great story line with well developed characters. This book delivers.
 Amazing
 A Very Quick Read!  I really enjoyed this book, and couldn't put it down.  It was my first book read in our book club and I cannot wait to read more for Allen Eskens!!
 A good book with lots of suspense and twists and turns.
 The topic is very interesting but the story itself  drags in places.
 I've passed this around to several friends and all have really enjoyed the life lessons presented, which was a surprise. Very pleasant and enjoyable read.
 This book is awesome, it's the best book I have read in a long time. I highly recommend it. It holds your interest and hard to put down.
 Very good book.
 Loved this book. Great who done-it book
 Excellent and interesting reading! We really couldn't put it down!
 I have this book on audio and have not completed it yet. But it has been entertaining. We listen to it while we are on long rides on our motorcycle. It is great for this.
 Highly recommend this book.
 Well written and fast-moving story. A real page-turner. Great beach-read! Terrific ending.
 Good story. Well written.
 OK read.
 Wow! Incredible storytelling. I couldn't put it down.
 Interesting story, well written, overly convenient ending.
 Good read
 One of the best thriller i ever read!  Couldn't wait to finish but didn't want it to end.  Will look for more books by this author.
 Excellent book. A lot of twists and turns. Good flow to the narrative.
 I read this book in three evenings and had a hard time putting it down, it was full of suspense and surprises.  It was a great read and I look forward to reading his next book.
 A decent summer read, sort of fun, will not change your life.
 This book kept me interested from the start. A great group of characters that you love and hate. A story that could happen to someone everyday.
 4.5 stars, very good
 The plot was nicely developed, suspenseful, and engaging! The characters were believable and the descriptive prose was lovely to read. I enjoyed this book immensely!!
 Grabs you from the start and doesnt let go until it's finished with you. Perfect read for the snowy dark day.
 I couldn't put it down.
 This was a fun read with a twist in the plot at the end.  A good read this I could not put down.
 I really enjoyed this book and could relate to the main character in so many ways.
 GREAT BOOk, was on the edge of my seat . Finished it in a few days. Great writer.
 I enjoyed this book very much, once I read it for awhile. Good story.
 I mix up my genres, and it was time for a thriller. Great choice! Excellent writing. Moved quickly yet still allowed for lingering thought. Recommended.
 Excellent! While I could somewhat predict the outcome, it was still a real page turner. Couldn't put it down.
 Kept my interest.  The ending was predicable though.
 This book was easy to read and hard to put down. I highly recommend this one! I never leave reviews so this should say something
 Loved this book! I really like the author's style and proceeded to read his other books as well! Can't wait to read the next one!
 Loved it! Great writing and character development. Lots of twists and surprises. I read it in two days.
 Good book !! Hard to find these days !!!
 One of the most suspenseful reads! You will not be disappointed!
 Quick read, did feel it was highly predictable. Some of the twists were good, others frustrating... an educated person wouldn't actually return to, or hide, in such obvious places.
 I really liked the whole book.  Am a southern Minnesotan, just miles from Austin.  That is what originally drew me in.  Glad it did!
 I had just finished a book a few days ago and had nothing on deck to read, which for me is a minor crisis.  I took a chance on an Amazon daily deal, and am so glad I did.  This is an excellent story,  wonderfully told.  If you are like me, wondering if you should give this book a try - do it.
 The best book I have read this year! It is complex, emotional, and reflects  how our past leads to future character and choices - good or bad.
 Really enjoyed this book. It was a puzzle within a mystery told in an exciting style. I couldn't wait to see what happens. Good job!
 Excellent
 Great book that keeps you reading along.  Twists keep it interesting and has you reading through to the end.  I'll look for others by this author.
 I read this book because I was going to go on a book club "hike".  However.  I didn't go because I kinda hated this book.  Formulaic. Predictable.  And, truthfully, boring.
 Couldn't put it down.
 Very entertaining and suspenseful book!  Characters were well developed and storyline easy to follow and very believable.  Very quick read, and I literally could not put it down.  Well done!!
 This story will keep you guessing. Great detective work! This story has a lot of emotions and it's easy to become part of the story.
 Excellent book, couldn't put it down. Characters are described perfectly, story is riveting &amp; you feel excitement,  frustration  and suspense  from beginning to end.
 Very interesting plot line and good writing
 Fast paced and intruiging!
 An excellent read.  Suspenseful from start to finish.
 Could not put this book down! Read it in 2 days. It is an incredibly well written book. I highly recommend it!
 A great story and written in a way that has made it hard for me to find another book as enjoyable!
 Interesting story with several plot twists. Good writing and good character development!!
 Gripping and suspensful!  Liked the twists and turns it took.
 Fast paced and fun, especially with all the Minnesota landmarks.  But the action and resolution of so many issues at the end felt rushed and a bit unbelievable.  The main characters however were very well developed,  making me root hard for the good guys to win.  Enjoyable read.
 It is a very interesting story. The writing style was a little somewhat different from other authors I have read. I would recommend purchasing the book for an entertaining read.
 very good story line.
 Predictable plot but good writing
 Story a little slow to start but gets very exciting in the last half of the book
 Really good book to read.  Shared it with family and friends.  Try it!
 and being acquainted with the cities mentioned also held my interest. Great story line that would be enjoyed by so many.
 Good read!
 Interesting story and good characters. Just a weak tie together at the end read it anyway for yourself.
 This was a good book that finds a young man trying to solve an old murder and exonerate a man wrongly convicted.
 I could not put this book down.
 Well written, I could not put it down. The character development gave excellent insight into each person. You always  kept wondering about the next turn of events.
 Fast paced with twists and turns.
 gift
 I didn't particularly care for the main character. Really not enough story development for the other characters. Unexpected plot twist at the end.
 Couldn't put the book down! Great read
 Well written and great plot. Some areas were a little out there in terms of believability but overall a great book.
 This is a little gem of a story with strong characters and a good pace that manages to hold your interest and deliver some surprises.
 I enjoyed the book very much and would recommend it to anyone who likes murder mysteries.  It was well written making the reading easy.  It is a fast read.
 Awesome book. The author does a superb job of keeping you interested throughout.
 Lots of twists and turns in this book. Very interesting. I have since read the other two books by this author.
 Fabulous book caught me in the first 2 chapters great read
 Maybe the best book I've ever read. I couldn't put it down.
 A few twists make this a story to read and ponder.
 This story held my interest well.  It was a plot that seemed believable and well thought out with a unique twist. A worthy read.
 Characters were developed very well. The author held my interest throughout reading.  it was hard to put down,
 good read
 I liked the first half, but the second half seemed to have been written in a hurry. As if the author had a deadline and just knocked it out.
 Very well written. Really keeps your interest throughout the book.
 Loved this book.  It was a mystery but also a love story.  I loved the story and how it ended,
 I thought the story was fascinating or at least I could not put it down.  Really hated to have it end.  I am looking for more from this author.
 Good story with some unexpected twist to the story.
 I really liked this book. It really made you feel for the characters. This is an author I will be following.
 Intriguing look at making a hasty judgment of others.  Combines detective mystery, the effects of war and redeeming qualities in people.  Reminds me of parts of other books I have read.  Have recommended it to friends.
 This book started interesting enough but it seemed to slow too much through the middle chapters.  The ending was a nice surprise.
 Easy reading and filled with intrigue.  I couldn't put it down.
 Great writer and story line. Some profound passages that I still (a week later) cannot get out of my mind. Kept my interest throughout!
 I really enjoyed this book and finished it in one day.  I was sorry to finish it!
 Real characters with pain, problems and obstacles to overcome. A story about brotherly love and family commitment. Thanks for sharing your story.
 Very intriguing and good twists to the story. Held my interest all the way through!!
 Loved this.
 This well-crafted novel deserves a wide readership! The writing style is smart, yet fast-paced.  Characters are very real, and the novel has an overarching positive life message. Highly recommended...
 Good read.
 Great book. Enjoyed everything about it. A perfect summer read.
 Not what I thought the story to be.  More nystery...  fact paced easy to read.
 good story
 Not only is this book beautifully written and believable, but the suspense will have you swiping (e-book) to the very end. The characters are well-developed and the plot twists will take your breath away!
 A true page turning, can't wait to see how it ends mystery.  This book is for mystery fans.  All of the characters in the book seemed to have the life they tried to bury with Joe becoming the conduit that pulls the buried past from those whose lives he touched.
 Outstanding book keeps you on your feet. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a great quick read. Looking forward to others from this author
 Enjoyed this book.  It is a mystery with an interesting twist.  I liked the characters from the beginning.  Easy read.
 Beautifully written! This book takes some amazing twist and turns and kept my interest until the last page! Dive in you will not be disappointed
 Absolutely a great story!
 When i first started reading this novel i never imagined the twist and turns the author takes you through.  Very well written and the ending was unexpected.  Could not put it down, highly recommend it!
 Wasn't sure when I read the summary but decided to give it a go anyway.  Couldn't put it down!  Sucked me in from page 1!
 excellent at bring you in to the real story, intoxicating.
 Good reading
 Gratifying page-turner with even pacing and sympathetic characters.
 Great book for a new writer!  I read another but one wasn't available at Library.
 Really enjoyed this book. Well written. No dull spots. Grabs you from the first page:)
 Liked - but had ups and downs.
 Excellent read with good character development.  I look forward to seeing more from this author and further story lines with these characters.
 Quick read  Caught my attention first few pages didn't want to stop reading and do everyday task.
 Wasn't sure what to expect but this was surprisingly easy to get into. Read about 2/3 quickly and then put it down for a while. The end was a bit more over the top but very enjoyable overall.
 Couldn't put it down. Fast-paced with a great plot.
 I was able to figure out a could things in the beginning, but was still glued till the end! Quick, easy read.
 Great book, enjoyed the steady pace, the main character and his brother are awesome, love the connection between Joe and Carl, and Carl's story.
 This was a good book full of suspense and tension.  You suspect that the Vietnam veteran didn't kill the girl but who did?  How the student goes about finding who did is interesting.  It is still a surprise and suspenseful.  The student's difficulties at home and how he deals with them makes the student  even more likeable and heroic.
 This story would make a great episodic show in a premium channel. A nail biter at times and heart warming core.
 Loved it! Kept me going right to the end!
 I couldn't put this book down until I finished it.  The twists and turns in the murder mystery held my attention from beginning to end.
 Enjoyed the twists
 I loved the character development and story line.  However, I was a bit disappointed by the cliche'd encounter between the main character and the potential villain. A more creative encounter would have given this book a 5.
 Very good read and hard to put down. The life we bury was excellent. I read it in only couple days.
 I could not put this book down! The beginning was a little slow but it didn't take long before I was personally invested in the main character as well as discovering the truth to what happened on the night of the murder.
 Five star story.
 I loved this book.  It kept me on the edge the whole time. There are many twists and turns. You will love the characters.  Thanks for a great read!
 This was a great mystery novel that surprised me until the end.  Would highly recommend since I couldn't put it down.
 I was so impressed by the main characters love for his brother and how that spilled into all other aspects of his life. In the end you get back what you deserve, whether it be good or bad.
 Well written, twists and turns. Strong character development. If you want a good "who done it" the read this book.
 it felt flat.
 I enjoyed the book very much. Will make a good book club.
 Great
 Could not put it down - easy read great storyline !
 This book is amazing! I read it in less than 12 hours. I'm not usally a fan of suspense and murder novels. But I found this book connecting me to those moments in my own life that I don't share and the amazement of you never know how who you meet will impact your life. Fantastic!
 This book has many twists and turns but it is a great read.  I agree with Carl, There can be Heaven on Earth!!
 ........one of the best written page turners I've ever read. More twists and turns, this book is over before you're ready.
 Mediocre, hokey and very predictable. Was disappointed after reading the reviews.
 Great book that I highly recommend. It has many turns that are unexpected! A must read book if you have not read.
 Wonderfully written and keeps you guessing throughout!
 I loved the way it was written and how you got to know all of the characters.
 It was a good book. Could have carried the suspense out longer :(
 Enjoyable reading; lightweight for someone on the go!
 The book was OK
 This was an excellent book, well written with well thought out characters and plot. You won't be disappointed by this one.
 great great read.
 Characters well developed and plot draws in the reader.
 My wife really liked it.  We got it for her.
 I loved the plot, the characters, the beginning, middle and end!  It was a wonderful read; I just purchased Allen Eskens second book through Amazon.  Can't wait to read The Guise of Another!
 Using the right words is an art and this author is an artist. Expertly crafted to keep you reading with descriptive allusions.
 Couldn't put it down
 Great read<br/>I have orders his others novel🙂 !!
 Enjoyed this read.
 Fast paced, intriguing story. I finished it in a weekend, it was difficult to put down. Interesting, well developed characters.
 This was a page turner that had unexpected twists and turns.  For the first book that this author has published, I found it engaging, suspenseful and interesting.  I won't spoil the end for other readers, but I was a little disappointed in how the book ended.  But, if this author writes another book, I will definitely read it!
 Had a hard time putting this book down.... kept my interest, all the way through...
 I couldn't quit reading. Eskens weaves a compelling mystery to give a war hero back his legacy. Well-written and engrossing.
 One of the best books I've ever read.  Captivating is the best way to describe this book.
 Interesting take on the old murder mystery theme.
 Very violent but well written
 This was dragging at first, but ended up being a good read.
 Unbelievably good from start to finish.  The plot twists will take your breath away as you slowly fall in love with the protagonists.
 I enjoyed the book. Would recommend to my friends!
 This was a fun, fast read.  I almost never read mysteries but it was enjoyable - kept me wondering and thinking.
 A very gripping, relevant page-turner.  I could not put it down.
 Could not put it down. So well written! I had to get Eskens other book right away. Can't wait for the next one.
 Fantastic!  Couldn't put it down
 Great book, on the edge of your seat, keeps you guessing until the end kind of read,
 I loved this book.  Warm. Uplifting and well written. I recommend it.
 Great character development. A few twists and turns I didn't expect. Everybody has something to hide.
 Could not put this book down from the first chapter...will be looking for more of his work!
 could not put this book down. Instead of sleeping on a 7 hour international flight, I read the entire thing. Its that good
 The type of book that is difficult to lay down. Only comment is that at the end Joe could have released himself from his guilt over his grandfather's death. That plot point was unresolved.
 The subject matter was different. The suspense was riveting. The story move along and I didn't, want to put the book down.
 The Life We Bury was a suspenseful, light story.  The writing was lacking in imaginative, rich detail.  5 stars should go to an engaging story written by a master of our language with intelligent, rich, poetic prose. This was simply a good story.
 This book keeps you wanting to turn the page to see what happens next. It's full of unexpected yet  mostly believable twists and turns, and it keeps you guessing. A true modern day who-done-it with 2 story lines! Truly hard to put down!
 Couldn't put it down!
 BUY THIS BOOK !!!!  AWESOME !!!
 Nice book.
 The book was a good read and the characters had some complexity.
 This book was like a cw show; reasonably entertaining, with zero depth. Quick read, terrible writing style.
 This is a story about a young man finding himself and an old man facing his death while they solve a mystery with lots of unexpected twists and turns.
 This book is beyond excellent!
 I enjoyed reading this book and had trouble putting it down some evenings, even when some of the story line was predictable. Overall, an exciting read.
 Some scenes were highly suspenseful.  A couple of plot points were predictable/illogical, but others are worthy of wide readership.  I gave it "8" (of 10) stars in Book Club, and that was the lowest score it received from 9 women.
 Great story! Looking forward to reading Mor from the author
 I loved how the author has a knack for "turning a phrase" in descriptions of feelings and actions of the characters.
 My 13 year old liked this book  n
 Great storyline and exellent writing
 Way too far-fetched. Almost laughable at times. That being said it was still an entertaining read.
 Lots of twists n turns. Just when you think you figured it out a new twist happens.  Enjoyable read.
 Great read!
 Great story! Pleasantly suspenseful.
 Instant download
 It was a wonderful  book to read with great descriptive writing and intensity. A perfect case that kept me on the edge of my seat!
 Held my attention, had unexpected twists in the story I enjoyed.
 A good read, well worth the time. Generally well written, at times gripping.
 Great book, easy read and interesting story.
 Kept your interest through the whole book.
 I read this book as part of a book club read. It wasn't an author I was familiar with but I'm happy it was selected. Even though the suspense didn't actually build until the last quarter or so of the book, the story was very intriguing. It kept me engaged and interested.
 Excellent book! I didn’t want to put it down! Captured me from the beginning to the end.
 Fascinating
 Loved this book!
 An really good story ... well written, engrossing.  Enjoyed it.
 I loved this book from the first page, definitely a page turner. I look forward to reading other books written by Mr. Eskens .
 Not a lot of twists and turns but a good book. Good and evil. Good always prevails. Loved the characters.
 Living and breathing characters in a suspenseful murder mystery that I hated to put down.
 Great book. Really well written.
 I read this book in 4  hours. Had me thinking about the outcome the entire book. Must read .you will love this book!
 I've read more sophisticated narratives.
 This book had me reading non stop to figure out the case. The author makes you feel as though you personally know the characters. It’s a great read!
 This book was very well written.  I couldn't put it down and read it in one day. A very good read.
 This is a great story with a lot of twists and turns.  You will not be disappointed.
 Loved the book. Loved the style and the story, which was actually a few stories.
 This was a delightful read. I loved the character development of the main roles. What an interesting story this turned out to be.
 Good read.
 I really liked the book, flowed nicely. A bit predictable. If you like murder mysteries, you will like this. It describes how regrets can weigh one down for a lifetime.
 So good!
 could not put it down
 Good read!
 Well written.  Hard to put down.
 pretty good.
 Well written, enjoyable read, with some nice twists to it.
 This is a very well written story that never runs slow. The characters are realistic , the relationships honest, and the action varied. I really enjoyed this read.
 Well written novel that evokes every emotion as the story unfolds! Mr. Eskens delivers a heartfelt tale that will reverberate long after you finish this book.
 I just about finished this book in a day and a half! I was glued to it from the minute I picked it up! 10 out of 10 would recommend!
 I am a voracious reader, and it's rare for me to find a book I find to hold my interest, to be well written and to be original. This book was all of those. I look very forward to reading more by Eskens.
 Great reading!!
 This book is a great read. Can't put it down.  College assignments can teach you more than the subject matter.
 A good story. At times there are too many characters and that becomes a little confusing.
 Excellent read for a crime show junkie like me.  The writer spins a great story and wraps it up nicely.
 All in all a decent book, was a little slow in the middle.  It was good how everythimg fit together
 What's great book. It is one of those can't put it down story. A must-read
 I enjoyed the book and would read more from this author.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It was a page turner. The characters were well developed and sympathetic. Vivid imagery when describing the events during the war.
 Nice twist
 It was an easy read and really kept my interest.  I would highly recommend this book.  Very very good.  Enjoy
 One of those books you hate to see end.  It was a mystery and at the same time a human interest story. I have already recommended it to others.
 Interesting story. Characters are well developed and dialog is believable. I look forward to the next story by Allen Eskens.
 Thoroughly enjoyable and satisfying read.
 Well written, though provoking, and spell binding-  I literally read the entire book in one day because I could not put it down.
 Great Read!  Finished it in 3 days.  Could hardly put it down.
 This book is heartwarming as well as suspenseful. It makes you stop and be thankful for the little things. If you need a reminder on those glum days this is the book to read!
 Good story
 This book was just awesome. Superb writing, and I couldn't put it down. Recommend highly.
 Fast paced and keeps your interest! Loved it! It was a breath of fresh air !
 This book is great! Brings you in takes hold &amp; doesn't let go until the end. Awesome story &amp; very compelling
 I liked this book, just wanted to keep reading, received in good condition.
 Great read. Lots of twists.
 Loved the suspense and build up and not last the human perspective.
 One of the most suspenseful books I've read. When I began the book, I had no idea the twists and turns it would take. 2 thumbs way up!!
 This book was hard to out down.. finished it in 1 day! Can't wait to start reading his other books!
 This book had an interesting idea. I enjoyed the quick read with some twist and turns
 I read it all I 2 days, but laughed aloud st certain turning point of the plot. So not believable. Too dramatic. Felt like the author was writing for a soap opera our movie. Not an intelligent book. I rolled my eyes a lot.  Too fluffy and predictable.
 If you like suspense and gritty drama- this is a fantastic book- think Patricia Highsmith written with a great compassion
 Couldn't put it down, kept me totally interested and eager to read what would happen next.  I'm looking forward to reading his next book.
 This book took me by surprise. It was the author's first novel but it showed considerably  more skill than one expects from  a debut. He's since written two more and I enjoyed them both. I thought this novel had excellent character development as well as plot development. I loved the relationship  between the main character and his autistic brother. It added a very tender dimension to the story. This novel had excitements, surprises and action that you would want from a good story, but the depth of the development of human relationships was definitely a step above what you usually encounter.
 Fantastic &amp; suspenseful read. I finished it in 3 days...couldn’t put it down.
 Really good book! Read it. You won't regret it!
 Excellent
 Although parts of this short novel were a bit amateurish, on the whole the narrative moves well and fits together nicely. This was better than a lot of novels written by much more famous authors. Worth the time spent. Hopefully, he writes more and gets even better.
 An interesting read with one heck of an ending. I highly enjoyed this, and would recommend to anyone who loves a good mystery.
 Good story...kept my interest.  A few surprises that made me reread a few pages as I thought I had missed some important information.  An enjoyable read.  I was anxious to find out the resolution.
 Could not put this book down. The characters so realistic, you feel you know and care for them.This book has it all: suspense, a love story, and inside view autistic life and the burdens of our military. Awesome!
 Awesome book about redemption.
 Not much in the way of surprising, but readers will still get interested in the plot lines. At moments, it's still a page-turner.
 I did like this book, kept my interest.  It was well done.
 Not your run-of-the-mill page-turner.  A truly good read, and well worth your time.  Realistic, intelligent, perceptive, and heart-warming.  Don't miss it.
 What a wonderful story, well written and very sad it's over.  I will be reading more by this author.  Excellent!!!!
 Extraordinary imagination, unanticipated plot, fluid writing, rich vocabulary, it's all there. A story of love and compassion, despite the graphic violence present almost on each page.
 Read for book club....question we all want to know is how he kept the snowshoes on his feet!
 Pretty good book. Different type of plot. Kept me interested. Would recommend.
 Great story with suspense and meaning. I will read more books by this author!
 I really enjoyed this book.  A great story with loveable characters and interesting plot. Looking forward to the follow-up novel.
 Really good read
 Great book!  It kept my attention until the very end.
 A quick read but also a great storyline romance mystery.  Pick it up for a great beach or vacation read
 First book I read by this author.  I enjoyed his writing.
 Good read
 Four stars instead of five as its not the most amazing of novels but I really enjoyed it, had a hard time putting it down and am sad that it ended. Highly recommended read.
 This book had well-written characters and several interesting plot lines with a couple of mysteries.
 Did not want to put it down, the writer kept me interested all the way through. Looking forward to the next one!!
 Very enjoyable, unique story told from a young, inexperienced student's point of view.
 I enjoyed the story, the mystery to be solved. I generally don't read mysteries, preferring literary fiction. I found the writing at times missing the mark in the descriptive passages and the dialogue  seemed forced on occasion. The story, however was well constructed and flowed nicely so it was a quick and fun read.
 This book, The Life We Bury, kept me wanting more- from the development of both the characters and story both personal and suspenseful.
 This book is a good mix of suspense, drama, and mystery. Told from the view point of a young man who has lived a difficult life. the story was interesting and quickly developed. It kept me reading.
 It was suspenseful, well-written, and entertaining.  The author has a wonderful way of describing scenery and people.  I like happy endings.
 LOVE IT!
 Great read. Loved the story
 Great new author.  The story starts out kind of slow but builds into a really good tale.
 Wow what a movie this will make!<br/>Building crescendo to a wild climax. Great read.<br/>Best vacation book in quite awhile
 Easy reading and made me want more. I had trouble putting it down. It was a book with some suspense and made you feel good.
 Loved this book and can't wait to read the rest in the series!
 Fast moving mystery; some surprising twists and turns; very predictable ending.
 Good read but not exciting.
 This book is well written and entertaining.  The story is fast paced.  A great book for a weekend or vacation. Enjoy!
 Although not as exciting as the ending, the beginning of the book pulls you in with its intriguing story line.  The ending is exciting and more drawn out than most of my recent reads.
 Truly enjoyed this book. It had just enough suspense to keep me interested and keep me guessing. Recommend this for those who enjoy a cliffhanger.
 a good story easy read
 Good read
 I  did not want to put this book down once I started it!  If you love murder mystery with unyielding suspense, you've got tot read this story...you won't regret it.
 I like the use of flashbacks. It was a good read and hard to put down. I'm excited to discuss it with my book club.
 Wonderful book! A must read!
 Compelling story. Couldn't put it down. Can't wait for more from Allen Eskens.
 This book was great! I have already recommended it to my friends. Looking into more books written by this author.
 Enjoyed this read .
 Pretty good book, but the ending was kind of predictable and things wrapped up a bit too easily. Good characters and mostly an interesting plot.
 A very enjoyable read.  I looked forward to every chance I had to read more. I was hooked early on.
 The story is great, there are lots of twists and turns. The author is a master of analogies. I recommend this book to mystery and thriller fans and all those that appreciate good writing.
 Good read!
 was drawn out for sometime but once it got into the grit of it all, it was a well worth read.
 College student Joe Toliver gets more than he bargains for when a term project requires him to interview senior citizen Carl Iverson, convicted rapist and murderer.  The story line is compelling, and beautifully written in places. A good read...hard to put down.
 I liked this book.  It presented a good if somewhat dramatic and unbelievable story. Easy to read with good characters.
 I loved this book. Couldn't put it down.
 This book was in fact a page turner. I love a good mystery with some action. The book was written very well with lots of details.
 A good read.
 A good story line, with some interesting twists and turns. A different type of murder mystery...
 Captivated Mr from page one to the end
 Enjoyable and interesting, but simple.
 Loved the pace and already into Alen Eskens next book which contains some of the same characters. But definitely read this one first.
 Quick read .. Twist and turns .. Couldn't put down.<br/>Author gave life to the characters in this book. Good beach read ..
 I'm not a big reader, but this book  kept me reading.  It had many twists and turns ~ Great mystery/suspense book!
 One of the best books I have ever read.
 I could NOT put this book down!! Such a great read with plenty of twists and turns and characters to root for (and against). Fantastic read - exceeded my expectations.
 This first novel by Allen Eskens , hooked me in from the beginning and I road the plot with these special combination of characters like a zip line across a gap between to treacherous mountains ! The novel contained every element I love in a good story : an array of people that were fighting internal and external conflicts while battling a greater since of justice in the broader sense of the complete novel. There were twists and turns enough to make me wiggle all the way through the action and danger . I also love a challenging mystery to solve as I read along . The ending was very unexpected too. I am looking for Esken's next book right now . I love his style of writing . He is a smooth , clear descriptive writer that knows how to use words precisely and yet he still draws you deep into the world of empathy with his characters and you close the last page feeling you have learned something worthwhile.<br/>One of my favorite characters in this cast was the dying prisoner Carl Iverson . I believe he is the man in the he novelfrom whom  I learned the most . He was very philosophical and calm when he expressed at the beginning of the venture about his study of Blaise Pascal who said , " you have a choice in believing in God or not believing in God, it's a better gamble to believe . Because if you're wrong - well, nothing happens . ... But if you don't believe in God and your wrong, then you go to hell for eternity , at least according to some folks." P. 194<br/>Iverson also pointed out that it could mean " that this is our heaven . We are surrounded every day by the wonders of life, wonders beyond comprehension that we simply take for granted " p.196<br/>I think this was a lesson to be taken from Askins novel in general . Live for each day as if it will be your last . Enjoy all and be kind , then when your time comes to die it will be icing on the cake if you have prepared for God and Heaven !
 An interesting read.
 Very exciting and suspenseful.
 Ok
 Things went a bit too predictable for my taste.
 Great read.  Fast and rewarding.
 Great example of stopping to smell the roses even when you have no reason to. Everyone has a story to tell.
 enjoyed this author
 A bit of a formulaic murder mystery but a decent read.
 Mystery that caught me up within a few pages.  Good story line; could used a bit more fleshing out with some of the characters.  All in all a good read.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Each character was faced with their own particular cross to bear but each chose to put their needs aside for the good of others. This resulted in a positive outcome.
 Great book.  Interesting twits.
 Absolutely LOVED this book!  A whodunnit w/surprise twist at end.  I cried &amp; cried (happy tears) for last 5-10 pages.  FABULOUS book!
 A good read….held my interest throughout.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this read! Have recommended to others.
 I loved how this book is written. It kept my interest from the beginning to the end. I highly recommend it too anyone who likes a good story and suspense.
 The avid reader I bought this for loved this book. ;)
 This book is a Awesome murder mystery.  I highly recommend this book.  Well written. Quick read.  Couldn't put it down
 Great story line.  I read this book in less than two days.  I just couldn't put it down.
 Great book. Interesting plot and a real page turner. I was sad when it ended. Highly recommend! Really liked it
 Great read! Kept me captivated. Def recommend.
 Predictable boring story. Side events have no relevance to actual story.
 It kept me super interested.
 The story line is unique and the author builds his characters and life experiences in the story very well. It's also great to see a hero come out of a rotten childhood and have the ability to overcome and have a caring nature.
 A fast moving "who done it".
 Good read.  Lots of twist and turns.  Could not put it down.
 It is emotionally gripping. Recovery and success of five determined and strong siblings from an extraordinary cruel and irresponsible mother devoid of any maternal instincts.
 very good
 I liked that it takes place in our region. And that stereotypes get broken.
 It was predictable. It was hard to care about the lead character and his trials. I would not recommend it.
 My book clubs selection for February
 It's ok, did not finish reading.
 Don't start this book if you have unfinished projects. They'll be on fold, because you won't be able to put this book down!
 The book was entertaining but most of it didn't seem believable. I would recommend to anyone interested in a light read.
 Interesting.
 I thought this was an interesting story and i didnt guess the ending in advance
 I love a good mystery and this was one I would recommend anyone who reads James Patterson it was a real page turner
 I dont remember
 Loved it
 I finished this book a few weeks ago and I am still thinking about it.  Very well written.  I can't wait to see what he writes next.
 Average, easy read. Liked reading it mostly because it was Minnesota based. 😁
 I'm impressed by the pace and humor of this book, but not by its  complexity.  I would recommend to anyone wanting a quick and enjoyable, feel good, crime read
 A really entertaining book with terrifically developed characters. It's past mystery, part thriller, part coming-of-age. I just loved it.
 EXCELLENT! Couldn't put it down!
 One of those I hated to put down and hated to get to the end.
 Great read! There were lots of twist and turns to this plot. I was surprised many times by the development of the characters.
 I was not familiar with this author, and don't really know why I selected this book, but I'm so glad I did.  Once I started reading, I didn't want to put it down.  A heartwarming story.  I will read more books by this author.
 This was a positive read and would make a good movie.
 I enjoyed the fast pace. It's definitely gripping. A page turner. Would recommend! I read it all in one day.
 Great story and good writing kept me engaged to the end!  A boy makes good story while writing a class assignment on a convicted killer.
 Fast paced and good story development
 This was an entertaining read and the story took some turns I wasn't expecting, which is always fun. As a native Minnesotan transplanted to Colorado, I enjoyed that the story set in the Twin Cities area and southern Minnesota.
 Not too bad of a read. Drags here and there but its a good mystery.
 Fantastic book
 thank you
 Having lived in NE Mpls, gone to the U and love the Twin Cities, It was fun reading about all the places I know and and used to hang.  The story line was engaging, although somewhat predictable ending.
 Could not put this book down until the end, and was sorry when the end came! Can't wait to read more by this author.
 This book would make a really good movie!<br/>Once I started reading it, I didn't want to put it down.
 Fast reading, a good story, but a bit predictable at the end. I liked it.
 This book was fantastic.  It was a page burner.
 Very good book.  Many twists and turns.
 Great book!!  Looking forward to reading more by this author.
 I have to work in a few hours and I haven't been able to put this book down all night!<br/><br/>Thrilling. Scary. Nail-biting.<br/><br/>Eskens' description of Jeremy's autism is very realistic. Loved this book.
 Very captivating story....well written and highly recommended
 This book was fast paced, great plot and characters...sad but hopeful. Thoroughly enjoyed it and recommend to anyone looking for an easy ready that will keep your attention.
 Engaging plot, good characters, good handling of autism challenges
 Interesting topic of interviewing a person in a nursing home. Many twists and<br/> turns. Good read. Always a new twist to the story.
 interesting
 Keeps your interest.  Story picks up as you go along, would consider story "dark" though interjected with sarcastic humor.  Actual writing not as captivating as the "Goldfinch."
 Amazing story!!!!
 I would definitely recommend this book to anyone who likes a bit of a mystery.  Nothing to mushy, but still tugs at your heart strings.
 Excellent book!
 This is one the best books I 've read in a long time. Kept me up at night. I do read a lot and this book kept me interested from the first page to the last. Great story and characters. If you like mysteries I would suggest this book. After I was done I put it in the mail to my sister....who I know will just devour it.
 Beautifully written!  His choice of words could not have been better and the book had a great storyline.  I really enjoyed it!
 very good book
 Outstanding story and so well written. The mystery is quite  a surprise.
 good story..
 great read! loved it!
 One of best books I've ever read.  Had a hard time putting it down so I could get enough sleep for the next day. Fast paced, engaging and clever.
 Is a very good book and one that will definitely remain in my library.
 Amazing book!!!!! Great read really enjoyed it
 Very well written. A page turner.  Well developed story and characters.  A mystery as well as a personal story of a brother's love.
 I really enjoyed the the author's style.  The writing flowed and it was a pleasure to pick up the book where I left off every time.
 Good character development, clever story, great writing &amp; good ending. Enjoyed this book
 I could not put this book down. A gifted writer with poetic form wrapped into a tantalizing page turner. Every character crackled with personality.
 All around good book,  mystery, friendship,  family responsibility. I would definitely recommend the book to anyone to Great read. I enjoyed it very much.
 Great book club read.  Lots to discuss.  Highly recommend.
 This is not the type of book that I normally read, but I found it a nice change. Though there were times where the book seemed to drag on and on.
 Well written, fun read.
 Okay story.  Entertaining with some plot twists.
 Trite mystery
 Great book
 Some bad language in the beginning
 An excellent story.  The plot is believable and the characters are engaging.  This is one of those hidden gems that never made it to anyone's top 10.  You have to look for it but once you find it you won't be disappointed.
 Loved this book
 I really enjoyed this book I read it in one day.  The characters were compelling . Give it a try!
 Great book.
 Great job for a debut novel. I have already recommended this book to my daughter and a girl at work. I could really relate to what Joe was going through with his family, and trying to go to college. I just really  liked this book. And I could feel for Carl Iverson.
 All of the good reviews of this book are well-deserved. The twists and turns of the story made it a great page turner.
 Real page turner!  Couldn't put it down no matter how hard I tried!  Allen Eskens did an amazing job with the characters of this book!
 Good story with plenty of  sub plot. The protagonist fluctuates between sincere and believable and too good to be real, but a compelling read just the same. Opens up some
 Awesome read.  Couldn't put it down.
 Well written and plot was developed with skill and I enjoyed every page.
 I needed a new book to read on a road trip I was taking with friends. I chose this and spent any free time on my two day trip reading this book until it was finished. An absolute great book that makes you thing of many aspects of your life.
 I liked it
 took a while to get hooked, but it gets fantastic.
 I love this novel,, so well written and could not put it down
 I absolutely loved this story.
 Recommended by a friend with good taste. Loved the plot, the characters were very relatable and it flowed well, plot twists and all.
 Liked it
 Great book
 Very good.Kept my interest all the way.
 I liked it! Nice quick easy interesting read.
 Great debut novel. I picked it for my bookclub and everyone liked it, they can be a tough crowd. Loved the book, lots happening from cover to cover.
 Our book club all enjoyed it.
 Allen Eskens' writing is very enjoyable. It is impossible to put the book down until until it is totally read.
 Read it in two days! The mystery keeps a reader turning the pages. In addition the characters are full of life and provide depth to the story. I would definently recommend to a friend.
 Loved this book!  Great fast read.
 A real page turner. Had me confused until the final chapter. Not a book for children, but as an adult that likes a happy ending, it was awesome!
 Maybe 3-1/2 stars. My book club liked it!
 Am not a fast reader and finished this book in 3 days - the book was very well written and kept me eager to read to see what would happen next.  A book would recommend to friends.
 I loved the characters in the book. This is a quick read with lots of twists to the plot. I would highly recommend this book to anyone.
 Fast read. It was definitely a page turner and I enjoyed the way the author developed the main character. Would read more by this author.
 What a great fast paced and entertaining book. I could not put it down. I would recommend for a read.
 Kept my interest.  Enough twists and turns to keep one guessing.  Liked the main characters.
 Fast read. One of those intriguing books you wish would not end. It did end a bit sudden for me, but was fun to read.
 This book was very good.  Held my attention all the way through, highly recommend.
 Not a fun read but fascinating!!
 I couldn't put it down, kept my interest through the entire story. I would recommend it to others, for a good read.
 Very good. Interesting from start to finish.
 A good read.  The story is not complex, and neither are the characters, but there are enough surprises to keep one's interest. I wanted to come back to it everyday to see it unfold.
 Stimulating reading!
 One of the best books I have read. Allen Eskens has quickly become my favorite author.
 I loved the book. The characters were believable and the story riveting
 I read this almost non-stop start to finish. The twists and turns kept me on edge. By the end, I was emotional and crying and relieved. It was like it was real. Wow!!!
 This was a very easy read and it kept you wanting for more all the way until the end.
 Entertaining Read!
 Really good book!
 A very entertaining first novel and looking forward to more books from Allen Eskens. These are believable characters with depth and interest and plot twists of intrigue. Lots of Grisham books are vastly more formula driven - and boring -  than this debut novel.
 Great
 I love everything about this book and have recommended to many of my friends!
 Recommending it to my husband, which is not what I usually do.
 Good mystery with complicated characters, and a good plot that is full of the unexpected. A taunt thriller!
 Parts of the story were really far fetched.  Quick read.
 Read this book.  I could not put it down!
 This book grabbed me from the first page and I couldn't stop reading until I finished. Very well written. The characters are so likable and I cheered them on throughout the book.
 Well written. Exciting, a real page turner.<br/>I couldn't put it down.<br/>The characters were intriguing. The whole story was fascinating.
 Satisfying read.
 When I received this book, l was pleased to find it in brand new condition. The price was right too!
 Great read, and was a great audio book as well.
 I couldn't stop reading. Great storyline, characters and writing!!! I recommend this for an easy, entertaining read. Lots of twists and turns.
 Great storyline even though it was predictable.  There were a couple of twists to keep it more interesting but I didn't want to put it down.
 I've never been much of a reader till I got my kindle due to poor eye sight. I really enjoyed this book and read it in two days.
 Great book.  Very suspenseful.  I don’t read mysteries but this one had me hooked
 enjoyed this book a lot.
 Very entertaining!
 just finished this. while he is a fairly new writer to me- i do like his style
 Happened upon this book by chance; so glad  I did!  This is  a gritty story skillfully crafted with interesting characters and a satisfying ending. Easy read. Kept me engaged.
 How to grow out of a dysfunctiional family and survive.  It was hard to put the book down.
 Very thoughtful with grew plot twists.  I defin
 Great book.. 5 stars
 I absolutely loved this book. It was hard to put down. Interesting and well written. Now, I will definitely read his other two books.....
 loved the book
 Real fun book to read, even though it was easy to figure out ending early on. I would recommend the book.
 Loved this book.
 The story flows so easily, and it's hard to put down.
 Grabbed my attention from the beginning and couldn't wait to see what happens.  Love the title - makes one review their own life in a different light.
 This book drew me in immediately .I read it in 2 days .I selected this book to review with my book club tomorrow .Loved all the twists and turns
 Read this book for book club. It had a little bit of everything-mystery,suspense, drama, romance. Could not put it down. Great book!!
 Entertaining.
 The book kept me on the edge of my seat.  Loved it!
 It was a,pleasant mystery,(not the crime, but the sleuthing).  It was a bit YA or like a made for tv episodic mystery.
 I read this book in record time for me. Great creative story line! You will enjoy it. Very good read
 Liked Joe, Lila, and most of the other characters.  Joe does the right thing, making up for something in his past where he believes he failed.
 Good book! Held my interest to the end. Likable characters. A little romance, a little violence, and a lot of family drama.
 A great thriller with unseen twists. Very well written. I will definitely be reading more by this author. As good as Grisham.
 Terrific read. Had me on the edge of my seat from cover to cover. You won't be disappointed!
 I loved this book. I love Allen's writing style- simple yet profound. I loved the characters, especially Jeremy....Maybe I will read more books by Allen Esken... ;-)<br/><br/>4 stars only because I found it a little predictable..<br/><br/>I also think this book would be a great movie!
 A quick read. You fall in love with the characters.
 Characters are likeable and you can't help but get drawn into their life and struggles. Even the killer is someone you can't help but like
 Excellent writing both in content and style. I savor the lovable characters, and I grieve about the pain and the evil that are so brilliantly portrayed.
 Just held my attention
 I was drwn in from the first paragraph, a must read.
 This is one of the best books I ever read! It kept me guessing!
 Got this for book group and everyone really enjoyed.  Planning on reading his new book also. Great story and well developed characters.
 Was very interesting and insightful .
 I enjoyed this book. An easy book that keeps your attention even though it is somewhat predictable.
 Awesome, awesome book.  Could not put it down!
 The Life We Bury is an easy, but predictable  read. Eskens is skilled at constructing realistic dialogue and characters. However there is nothing clever about the plot - it is very predictable and the ending was nothing short of saccharin.
 Loved the twists. Had doubts when I read the preview. Very wrong. Enjoyed the whole thing. Joe is a terrific, sensitive, guy.
 This book was truly disappointing. Trite. Limited character development. Excessive and unbelievable plot conveniences.
 good book
 The book definitely draws you in!
 Wish I could give it more stars!
 I really liked the book a great read.
 Totally enjoyed the book; thought I had it figured out early on but he sure surprised me!  Have been impressed with Allen as an attorney and now I am with him as an author!  Very good read.
 Clearly the best book I've read in a while. Read it don't let this one pass by. You won't regret
 This book kept me reading and on the edge if my seat.
 Good plot, well written.  I enjoyed this book
 really liked it -
 Great read! Hard to put down. A story with great twists and turns and a main character who pulls you right in.
 This was a very good book!  Drew me in right from the start.  Could not stop reading.  Allen Eskens writes very well and I look forward to reading his other books.
 This is well constructed and well written. The book hooked me and held me from the first to last page. Characters were believable as they were revealed.  Great read.
 Good read.  Not a lot of unnecessary story lines or tangents.  Pick it up and read it all in one sitting.
 Great book and a fast read!
 I really enjoyed the way that the author unfolded the story through the investigative eyes of the narrator.<br/><br/>The characters were well developed and fit neatly into the story
 Love any book by Allen Eskens.
 I liked the way this book was written. It had some great twists and kept me at the edge of my seat. Read it in 3 days.
 A page turner with some unexpected twists. An enjoyable thriller.
 Great book. I have already recommended it to several people
 Very intriguing.
 Really liked book and would highly recommend it.  I think it is well-written by a lawyer, so believable.
 Little bit o' romance, enough suspense.  A few really good guys, a few really bad guys, a few spotty guys.
 Great book couldn't put it down
 Good,  quick read.  Characters and storyline somewhat predictable.  I would recommend to others looking for a good weekend book.  Enjoy.
 I write reviews when I think it is important for people to be warned about saving their money.  The writing was poor with some 50 cent words occasionally thrown in to impress, but were out of place with the rest of the script. The story line unbelievable and yet the reader knows it will happen anyway.  I'm not going to be misled by the 5 star reviews on Amazon again.
 This book grabbed me from the first page. It read as if the characters were speaking directly to me. Lots of layers, twists and turns, this book kept me up all night.
 Super story, well written.  Loved it.
 Keeps your interest
 Really enjoyed the book! Kept me up late reading it! Couldn't put it down!
 I very much enjoyed this book
 Very good story. Had empathy for the characters and cheered them on.
 Very easy read, loved the story and how the author kept me wondering how it would end., Perfect easy read with a pleasant ending.
 A great story with solid characters. Had me from the beginning. A good mystery with a lesson - don't judge.
 good
 Joe evolved into the person he was meant to be- and Carl taught him how to do it.  A beautiful story of justice and friendship.
 Great book that held my interest!
 Expecting more from story. Very predictable. Disappointed overall with book. Nothing surprised me.
 It was an interesting story line that could have well have happened. It had suspense, love, and social justice all in one.
 Great book to read.
 Great yarn. Sophomoric writing.  I did persevere with minimal enjoyment.
 Well written. Surprise ending. Worthwhile read
 This is a really good read which kept me turning pages non stop. I'm not  a fan of mystery/suspense genres, but this was an exception!!
 A really good book! I loved it!
 Good story.
 It was an easy read that I finished in very little time. The plot was a bit predictable at the end but I'd suggest it.
 I had expected to like the book more than I did. I found the writing to be on the lackluster side, and there were numerous cliche lines. I felt that a lot of that could have been edited or trimmed. I also did not find the characters to be particularly engaging, and the narrator wasn't particularly likeable, nor was the girl.
 While a little slow at the start, this novel will keep you reading nonstop.  When you think you have reached the denouement, another follows, and then another.  A great effort by a new author<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Life-We-Bury/dp/1616149981">The Life We Bury</a>
 Well written and fast-paced, I found this book hard to put down. My only complaint is that I knew "who-dun-it" well before the author intended. Even so, I'd recommend the book.
 Great book for a first time writer!!!  I can't wait for his next one!!
 I loved this book!  It was one of my favorites and I could not put it down.  Well written and engaging right from the start.
 This was one I couldn’t put down! I thought it was a great mix of drama and suspense. Excellent!
 This book is a page turner.  Once I started reading it, I couldn't put it down  The book is very well crafted.  I would recommend highly to anyone
 Excellent read.
 Excellent book - well written and kept me interested from page 1.
 Really great read!!!!
 I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  You hooked me, and I couldn't put it down.  I envy your skill.  I will be reading anything else you write.
 I liked the action, clever twists &amp; turns. Definitely a page turner. A great first attempt for the author for sure.
 I finished this book, but didn't find it satisfying.  Just not my style, in part, and I didn't care for the side stories.  I expected something along the lines of Fried Green Tomatoes when reading that a young fellow would be interviewing an aged man in a nursing home, sent there from prison in his last stage of cancer knowing death was not far off.  The boy got interested in learning if the man had really committed the murder he'd been in prison for.  That part of the story was pretty typical guy-type crime novel, and not bad if you like that sort of thing.  However the other parts of the story delved into the boy's own problems and those of a friend.  I found neither side story interesting or value-added.  All just too much of a downer for me.
 Easy beach read--some twists..Enjoyed it
 Easy read, some great twists.
 Quick, compelling read. The book is full of suspense and holds the readers attention. Perfect for a quick escape or for a mystery lover. Quick, compelling read
 very well written book.
 I couldn't put it down and immediately ordered Eskens other books!
 Great redemption story for everyone.  Lots of twists and turns and a great plot.  I finished it in about a day. I enjoyed it.
 Very interesting read. Keeps your interest throughout the entire work. Well done.
 This was a great story I highly recommend this book
 This books kept you entertained from start to finish. It was an easy read that I did not want to put down. I felt like I really got to know the characters!
 Wow! Truly unexpected twist an turns. Brings life to the phrase; "What if". Sometimes life events happen that bring about change.
 Although predictable, and I knew who the villain was early on, it was a relaxed, enjoyable read while on vacation.
 Great read! Kept my attention, and I am picky when it comes to books. I have put many down on the second chapter.
 I enjoyed The Life We Bury immensely and I read it with the same joy and gusto as I go after a big bowl of fresh, ripe strawberries!  Thank you for introducing me to Allen Eskens.  I am now one of his biggest fans!
 I thought this was a good story.i liked the characters and fell in love with Jeremy
 I didn't expect to be so drawn into this book. It was exciting, sad, moving and I couldn't put it down. Great read, was sad that it finished
 Very easy read and a real page turner. Characters were easy to get to know and scenes described so well. Highly recommend to those that enjoy easy, uncomplicated thrillers
 I liked it, don't have any great explanation as to why, I just did
 Loved this book ! A good story that kept me reading all night.
 This book was simply amazing.  The opening chapter does its job perfectly in sucking you in, making you care, getting you curious and giving you a reason to stay up past your bed time.  I haven't been this engaged in a book in a long.  A dedicated and jaded dis-believer in first person narrative, I was quickly won over by the smooth easy writing style and characterization of the main character, Joe Talbert.  The weaving of the story, using flash back and the characters' emotional symmetry to one another was blended in such a way that it felt completely natural, as if the outcome was truly an outflow of natural events.  None of the connections felt contrived or too neat.  This is a fast, satisfying read.
 Liked it ; always love stories that keep me on the edge of my seat!
 Very enjoyable read.
 Nicely written. Just enough twists in the plot.
 If you appreciate a well-crafted, exciting mystery, don't miss this one. I found only one error, will definitely be looking for more Allen Eskens.
 Excellent reading. Good discussion at Book Club.
 Unbelievable book!  Couldn’t put it down!
 Wonderful book!  Held my interest!
 Nice story. Well written.
 Great read. Lots of twists and turns before finally finding the truth. Being from the upper Midwest it was cool to read of locations well known.
 I finished this book in one sitting. I could not put it down for a minute. I definitely recommend it
 interesting premise , started out strong , a lot of good characters ,however was expecting a more nuanced book dealing with complex life issues . Felt more like a teenage murder mystery than an adult book . Well written .
 Book was very engaging. I enjoyed the chapter transitions, but wished for more interaction between Carl and Joe. Definitely recommend!
 Outstanding book.
 One of those books that is easy to read and keeps your interest throughout. Thoroughly enjoyed.
 Tough in spots, but definitely a page turner...
 A thriller with depth and purpose. Very good reading.
 Good suspenseful story of with multiple story lines of war, college students, someone greatly wronged, murder. Well written would recommend to anyone who enjoys a good suspense story.
 Easy read - fast flowing storyline. Nice plot twists.
 good story,a buy
 The premise was so intriguing that I was immediately fascinated.
 Great book - read it in a few nights. Loved the characters. Very moving.
 Very disappointed with last book dealer.
 All in all, I liked the book. I thought the author did a good job of developing several "short stories"  and making them fit together into one overall story. Mostly, I would say that the story was pretty strong with only a few weak areas.
 Entertaining read
 A page turner!  Great read for a winter afternoon!
 Nice, easy read, the end kind of wrapped up a little too perfectly but overall a great book.
 Started slow but got better hard to put down
 I enjoyed the book. It was an easy read, the kind you can read on a plane and you are at your destination before you know it.
 Well worth the read
 This explores the loveliness and depravity of human relationships.  Eskens takes you on an adventure outside on nature and inside the mind.
 This was an all around great book. I would definitely recommend, however I feel the random twists were a little blatant, and made me feel as though they were forced into the work.
 Intriguing. Loved it!
 A terrific page turner! Combined romance, suspense, and compassion in a riveting story.  Ended with satisfying twist and unraveling of details.
 Captured my attention most of the way through it and then got pretty predictable towards the end.
 I did not enjoy this book.  I did not like the ending.
 It did keep me turning pages!
 Extremely good read.
 Enjoyed the Minnesota connection.  Great suspense.
 I really enjoyed this book.  The author presented a very unique character -- a man that has had a good career but does not feel his made an impact in this life.  He goes to enormous lengths to prove that he is a very good man, and the reader has to wonder.  Most people who not, but are there a few that would?  Certainly!<br/>The book came full circle with good resolutions.  It wasn't a fairy tale type of book, but it left me very satisfied and optimistic about the human condition.<br/>The sexual content and the violence are really quite tame considering what's out there nowadays.
 Fabulous story.  Joe was such a great character, I almost wish I knew him.  Suspenseful story to the very last page.
 I was drawn in from the beginning. I loved the author's writing style and thoroughly enjoyed the story. Thanks for the recommendation Amazon!
 A real page turner!
 So many unexpected things in the novel. LOVED it.
 Good read!
 Interesting and a bit unusual.  Enjoyed the story - it held my attention and even had a couple of surprises.
 I liked the author's writing style and the story was compelling.  However, the ending was very predictable.
 I really  enjoyed the book it touched all my emontion s.<br/>It was a story you could belive could happen To anyone
 Couldn't, put this book down.  Must read for families with disabled  family member.  Author traces the growth of young hero at many levels so skillfully in the context of an unpredictable mystery.
 this was a really great and easy read, perfect for book clubs! it was really difficult to put down. I highly recommend this book!
 I don't want to talk about this book. You need to read it. Great suspense and a very interesting ending
 I really enjoyed this book.  It was a quick read with twists and turns.
 It was very predictable and unrealistic in some of the stupid moves by the main character
 Kept me reading - excellent story!
 It was enjoyable, but quite graphic. A good story overall.
 Really enjoyed the book. But it got so implausible and predictable that I couldn't give it 5 stars.  Had it taken another route, would have been a 5 because I did really like it.
 Book is in great shape
 Great character development. Plot was believable. Strong sense of place.
 Anyone who loves a thriller. This book has so many levels and makes you think about what life is about. True story of perseverance and the importance of the truth!
 Excellent Read....  could not put it down!
 Loved this book!
 Riveting, twists and turns, never a dull moment
 This was an incredible murder mystery.  A great deal of character development, and a very intelligent, well imagined plot. Outstanding.
 This is a good book!
 I was shocked at this debut for Allen Eskens.  Very well thought out story.  I hope to see more of the characters in books to come.  Could not put the book down!
 Story was a compelling read with being slightly predictable fluffy mystery book.<br/>Good short read<br/>Diverse characters<br/>Story was a compelling read with
 Excellently written, suspenseful to the very end.loved the story.
 I used this book for an intergenerational book discussion.  All agreed the book was excellent and thought provoking.  This author was really able to draw you into the story immediately.  I am ordering his next book as soon as possible.
 Gripping story... I couldn't put it down. The end sequences felt contrived, otherwise I would have given it a 5.
 Very interesting read.  Good insight into human behavior.
 Enjoyed this book.
 Great writing. Hard to put down.
 Excellent book.  Very moving.
 Good read.
 Great loved it moved so quickly page turning surprises couldn't put it down would recommend to everyone who no matter their loved genre!
 Book club book. Didn't know anything about the book from the start, it got me thinking trying to figure out the next move. Who did it? Then I couldn't put it down. Great read. Would recommend this book to my friends.
 I loved the book, it was hard to put down.  I can't wait for the next one to come out.
 Loved it.  Good reading
 This was a good read for the most part.  Some parts were overly predictable but I enjoyed it and the ending was well done!
 I liked this book but I didn't love it. It had gotten really good reviews so I picked it for my book club before I read it myself. Not much to discuss but it was an easy read. I liked the characters and the story like but there was really no surprises. The one twist wasn't much of one!!  Just a so so for me.
 Enjoyed the adventure this book took me on, twisting and turning to it's final conclusion. A must read for anyone.
 Very good read
 Great book!<br/>I read the entire thing in one 4 1/2 hr sitting late at night!  It was well worth it!
 Great book club book. Characters were well developed and the way the story unfolds keeps the reader involved.
 Thoroughly enjoyed the characters and the book was written in a way that I felt like I knew these people.
 Loved this book - it has a little bit of everything- suspense, humor, interesting relationships, social issues, heart &amp; compassion all in a great writing style.
 Just the right amount of suspense to keep you hooked. Recommend to anyone looking for a good read and a little detective work.
 A very good read!
 OK easy read
 I found myself reading late in the night not wanting to put the book down.  It was quick and enthralling.
 Good plot.
 Excellent read. Loved it.
 Been looking for a book that I couldn't put down. This was it. Excellent writing and a fast pace.  Excited to see what else this writer produces.
 I'm not a big reader, but I devoured this book in 2 days. It's character rich and suspenseful. The pages turn themselves. Enjoy
 I liked everything about this book.  It was a fast read and kept my attention throughout. I highly recommend it.
 This was a really good book Very well written and it keeps you wondering!
 Really enjoyed this book keeps your interest with every page. Twists and turns in the plot did not see some of the  turns coming which is important to me as I do not like to be able to figure out the ending ahead of time.
 This is one of the best mysteries I've read and it seems to be the first of a series--looking forward to the next one.
 Interesting, though a little predicted.<br/>Smooth reading
 Solid story that is entertaining.  Fun, easy read - the kind where it feels like someone is just sitting there telling you a story.  The chapters fly by :)
 Little known book that was artfully written.  It packed in a great suspenseful story that held my attention to the last page.  A great read.
 Different, but I would have hated to discover I missed it
 Very nice read. Kept me on my toes for some parts. Easy to connect with the subjects.
 Enjoyed this book.
 My first purchase from this author, not my last.  Its a good read.
 I loved this book!! I do a lot of driving and listen to books on cd to pass the time.  This book made the time fly by.  In fact it made me look forward to getting in the car so i could hear some more.
 Easy read and kept my attention until the very end
 good
 Good story
 Simple, but a great book. I enjoyed it's simplicity, and lack of vulgar you might find in books with similar themes.  Read the book in a day! Keeps the reader reading. Thumbs up!
 I liked this book very much.  It had lots of exciting twists and turns which kept my interest to the very end.
 One of the best books I have read in years. And reminds me of how much I really enjoy reading a good book.  I can't wait for Eskens next book to come out.  "The Life We Bury" would be an awesome movie!
 This great storyteller is one of the rare writers who keeps a grip on the reader's attention from page one!  I highly recommend this book and plan to read another of his books, THE GUISE OF ANOTHER, as soon as possible.
 I really enjoyed this book. Definitely worth the read. Bought his other book because I liked his writing style so much!
 Could not put the book down!
 Enjoyed reading this book.  Will look for follow up from same author.<br/>Well written combined with suspense and had a bit of a twist.
 One of the best books I have read in quite some time.  Couldn't put it down.....
 Well written. Could not put it down. Good story.
 Kept me enthralled at every turn. Definitely one of the best mystery twisters that I've read In recent months. Definitely recommend.
 Excellent !
 I loved this book!  Mr Eskins is a wonderful story teller who creates characters who come to life with real life feel.
 excellent book to read. Enjoyed very much
 I really enjoyed the writing style as well as the plot line!  Definitely worth the read.  Don't want to give anything away.
 Enjoyable, good read.
 Fun and light with some suspense and twists.
 Awesome read!  Characters are depicted in detail and book draws you into story from page 1.  Every page brings a new twist and compels you to read more.  The Life We Bury is a story about Joe, a college student that runs away from a not-so-great life, yet is pulled back and must deal with it at the same time as he builds his new life and helps out a dying man.  This book is the first that once I was done with it, I wanted to pick it back up and begin again.  Thanks Amazon for a good read - Thanks Allen Eskens for a true to life real mystery to delve into.
 I couldn't stop reading and am lamenting the end of this entertaining, personal, and disturbing novel. A must-read murder mystery.
 Excellent book-loved it!
 Great read. Exciting from start to finish
 I enjoyed this book immensely. I recommend it and look forward to more from this author.
 Great story with very creative twists and turns in the mystery. Wonderful character study and beautiful phrasing. You will like Joe and Lila.
 One of the best books I have ever read! The stories within the story bring these characters to life. Could not put it down.  Allen Eskens is a talented story teller.
 The premise of the book is an interesting one; however, as the story progresses many of the scenes involving the protagonist are too unbelievable.  It seemed like a crime drama, poorly executed.
 Loved the suspenseful ending and the autistic character
 An excellent read that keeps your interest from start to finish!
 Very good book. Well written.
 I sat down this weekend needing something to read...rain does that to me...and I couldn't put the book. down.  There are great characters, enough action and relationships to keep almost anyone engaged.  My cat even liked it; she got lap time.
 Great story about am trying to over come he odds in his life by helping other people.
 A very amazing book that got me sucked in immediately and made it difficult to put the book down. I would recommend it as a great read, full of suspense and a real page turner. I definitely have to find more books by this author!
 .....very predictable.  It's a good fast read none the less!
 Interesting read.
 Prompt service. Book was a great read.
 Good paced, attention grabbing and well written book. I enjoyed it! Can't wait to see what other books this author will write.
 Love it
 Book was difficult to put down. Compelling story &amp; suspense. Can't wait to read  Allen Eskens other 2 books.
 I related with story line in the sense that being a viet nam  veteran myself i was able to connect with the experiences of one of the characters.
 A workable thriller. Somewhat by the numbers but with good central relationships,
 Very different! Liked that it included realistic family problems.
 I enjoyed the book, especially the many plot twists that kept coming. It was well done and I recommend it.
 Captivating for me all the way through.
 I read to be entertained and be presented with ideas.  This book delieverd on both. The characters and word smithing were excellent. This hero has emotions deeper than a grunt and street smarts.
 Loved it
 Great read
 Good story telling
 I would definitely recommend this book.
 I can't wait for this new writer to release his 3rd book.
 I could not put this book down. Very engaging and i never got bored. A great thriller mystery book. They should make it a movie.
 I would recommend this novel to anyone who loves a good who done it! The book was easy to pick up and put down. A quick read.
 Worth reading
 not a wow!  but decent story and easy read
 good story, seems researched.  character development good but short of great.
 This book was very thought provoking; it provides strong evidence that learning goes well beyond the classroom.
 Good story with twists and turns
 I enjoyed this book a lot. The main character, Joe is very likeable and you find yourself really wanting him to succeed. A teeny bit predictable but I have a lot of admiration for the author and how well he tied everything together.
 Totally unrealistic and seemingly written for a young, naïve audience.
 Suspenseful, well-paced, and with just the right amount of surprise, the author makes you question everything so you never quite feel like you are on solid footing, just like Joe.
 Great story - kept me glued to the book from beginning to end.  Mr Eskens is a wonderful story teller.
 Intriguing plot and interesting character development.  Once I started reading I couldn't put it down.  I will be looking for other books by this author.
 Super!  Very exciting to read.
 I couldn't put it down.  Very exciting.  You will really be rooting for the heroes and you won't get let down by the ending.
 Great read for an adult. Suspenseful!!
 Did not like the conversations.  Some phrases like "you see" were over used.
 I must say I was really surprised at how much I enjoyed this book. I liked the pace of the story. There didn't seem to be any part of the story that dragged. I look forward to reading the next book by Allen Eskens.
 I originally bought this one because it was cheap. But, once I started reading, . I couldn't put it down. Keeps you intrigued.
 Well written and full of suspense.  I could not put it down.
 Great.  We'll written
 Good read.
 Great story with unexpected twists and turns, couldn't put it down.  Characters were well developed and smart.  Will look for other books by this author.
 A little slow getting started, but then couldn't put it down!
 Allen Eskens has produced an excellent crime novel. Ingeniously intricate, but eminently readable at the same time. I look forward to his future work.
 Characters were all very well developed and the plot wasn't overdone... I liked the overall sentiment of the book too
 A good read.
 I normally don't have time for reading and quickly get disinterested in a book. I could not do that with this book. Read it in 3 days
 I truly think that this is one of the best books I have read in a long time.  Grabbed your interest right from the start and and kept it .  Won't be sorry if you buy this one.
 It was an easy read and exciting.  Twists of course and a love story as well.  Enjoy the read.  :)
 Great book!! Could not put it down.
 It did hold my attention,however the plot did have holes in it such as  the student being able to recover from the thrashing by dj. In reality he could not recover that quickly. And other instances of that nature.
 I liked this story. Liked the fact that we were learning interesting stuff the whole time!!
 Quick read, interesting story.
 Great easy read. Although you knew who the killer was quickly it kept me wanting to read more and find out the motive and detail!!!!
 A great read!
 great book.
 Good enough read but I kept picturing it as a movie to be made and wondering who would be cast in the lead roles
 Great character development and a real page turner plot. I ended up reading it straight through!
 Great read!
 Great book.
 Great quick read.
 Great story.
 Loved this book from start to finish!  Great read!
 Loved the story. The murderer was somewhat predictable, but there were some good twists , turns and other surprises. I plan to read other books by this author.
 Easy read. Interesting story line. Really enjoyed it! Great summer read for me.
 Good story with  compelling characters but the ending ,a little predictable. The "happy ending was not plausible and took the edge out of it.
 There are lots of twists and turns. The plot keeeps you guessing
 Kept me engaged for most of the book, which I am finding difficult with many books I read.  Nice character development.
 This book is a page turner, and a thoroughly enjoyable one at that. A well written, and yet not at times so believable story. Nothing is going to stop Joe from getting at the truth.
 Great read.  Read it in less than 2 days!.
 Great story very compelling
 A fantastic mystery/thriller.
 I have already ordered another book by this author.
 Kept me interested from page 1.  Very good read.
 Enjoyable read.
 This was a well written book in every way - good plot and character development.
 Fast moving , exciting,  the writer really brought the story  to life. Would recommend this book, young or old. Exciting
 Especially good writing in the early stages.  Got a bit 'formulaic" toward the end.  Will make a really good movie. Enjoyed the read immensely.
 Enjoyed the read,fast and intriguing!!!
 Kept me interested and entertained!
 Great read
 I enjoyed this before book quite a bit with its shifting focus.
 This is one of the best books I've read in a while. The character development is fantastic, interesting and complex. I want to read more by this author.
 Absolutely loved it!
 I really liked this book, it's full of secrets and a 30 year old murder mystery. I definitely recommend this.
 A gift.
 Almost done with it, excellent book!
 I felt at times that this story was predictable, but just when I thought I knew what the n cut page would hold there would be a new twist or turn. Enjoyable read.
 Interesting story, a few surprises and quick read.
 I'll have to admit I didn't completely figure everything out until the end. Entertaining read!
 Great build up of suspense and story development.
 An entertaining thriller better written than most from this genre.  I found it hard to put down, and I highlighted so many beautifully written sentences.
 Fast, compelling read. Good pacing and development. Intriguing storyline and interesting characters. For readers who enjoy a good mystery without having to work too hard.
 The story started off a little slow in the beginning, but really picked up. A good story line. Exciting with a little twist.
 It was a good, easy read that kept my interest. Although I found some of the plot line a little predictable.
 Interesting first novel...I enjoyed it.
 It was really different and it kept it going---I wish he had more published..
 This is a gift for a kidney transplant patient.
 Book began considerable promise, but completely turned into a predictable Hardy Boys' style mystery at its conclusion.  An easy beach read, perhaps.
 I loved this book! It's a great, quick read that ropes you in. It's a twisted, psychological adventure that takes you through the whole spectrum of emotions.
 Dull...predictable...blah blah blah
 Good book. Decent twists to keep you involved.
 I had s hard time putting it down. Characters were developed &amp; the story just flowed
 A little predictable but a very good read none the less. Kept me intrigued the whole time.
 Great book
 Did not care for the plot, character development or setting, author has done better work on other novels I have enjoyed
 Good story telling.  I'm sure a movie will come out of it.  Lots of interesting characters from a Viet Nam vet, a dead beat mother, an autistic young man, two college students, a religious nut and others.
 Someone picked this for our Journal club.  Read it start to finish. . . . loved this story.
 Excellent story, well told.
 I really liked this book.  Didn't want to put it down.
 I loved listening to this novel.  The narrator made this book come alive!  Awesome, suspenseful, real! Great book for a long trip!
 It was a fun read....I enjoyed it.
 I choice this book because it was anew author.  I really enjoyed the book, it was well written and kept you wondering , what's next
 I couldn't put this book down! Well written and so engrossing
 Our book club loved this one!
 Great book.
 No spoilers.  The plot is well drawn, the characters are solid.  Tension is held throughout; as soon as something is resolved, life gets complicated again.  Looking forward to reading more by this talented author.
 Nice twist!! A very good read.
 Great development of characters. An easy read that gets very exciting until the climactic finish.  Definitely recommended as a nice travel book, but you will find yourself unable to put the book down!
 Move over John Grisham this author is on his way to the top of the heap.  Very well written and for a first time author this was an amazing book.  I hope he will keep writing in this genre.
 Loved this book from start to finish.
 The whole book from beginning to end kept my attention. I read this in 2 days, literally not able to put it down.
 Definitely a good read.  Hard to put down.  I always like to see the misunderstood get their day.  Very enjoyable.
 Very different premise.  A unsettling topic but I kept reading.
 I loved it!
 I was hooked from the first page!  One of those books that leaves you feeling that you want more after it ends.  I could not put it down!
 A great read. Hard to put book down once I started teading it...
 A good story that wraps up nice and neat at the end.
 Amazing and continued twists and turns in the story that are well executed by the author.  A mystery of sorts with a lot of human components.
 great book
 Enjoyed the twist and turns of this book.  How the book dragged you in to where you couldnt help but keep turning the pages
 Very good book
 Good read.  Something a bit different.
 A GREAT READ FROM START TO FINISH.
 A great story.  The characters are so vivid.  The story had so many twist and turns.  Could not put the book down.
 The plot was unpredictable &amp; the concise &amp; tangible descriptions of people and actions were really good. Looking forward to the next.
 Wife said 4 stars.  Good chick flick material.
 liked it alot, smooth writing- really good story
 Kept my interest from start to finish. Really enjoyed the story .
 A new author for me , however I was pleasantly surprised at the body of work.  Good concept for the plot!
 Very smooth read.  Interesting story.  Kept my interest til the very end!  Nice job!
 good book. easy read
 The Life We Bury kept me on the edge of my seat and took a turn I hadn't expected at all.
 I read this book in 2 days!  Absolutely loved it!  I'll definitely be reading his other books and something tells me they'll be just as good as this one.
 Loved this story. The characters were believable, the story exciting.  Couldn't put it down!
 Liked in the guise of another better, but it was still good!
 Awesome book with lots of unexpected events!!
 Not so much...
 I thought I had it figured out, but I did not. It was a very fast read and once I got into it I hated to put it down. I liked the way the action was described in detail. I could almost see it happening. I will look for more books by this author.
 Good book.exciting to end.
 A tremendous story full of twists and turns that will leave you guessing to the very end. It's well written and a definite page turner. "The Life We Bury" is now one of my favorites.
 The author is amazingly talented.  The book was written with just enough twists and turns to keep me reading it nonstop.  I would definitely recommend this book to a friend!
 A unique, interesting story that could have happened, just my kind of story.
 The story is very flow. as i reading, i felt i was the main character in the book, and eager to get the end. and also feel surprise the ending.
 Kind of predictable, midwestern charm of characters was a positive.
 I loved it!!
 Sucked me in from beginning. However, I am a little tired of autistic characters.
 This was a great read, enlightening, dramatic, heart breaking. Don't miss it.
 One of the better books I read this year - I've shared this book with my family and now it's making the rounds with my friends.
 Reading 'The Life We Bury' with my book club. Cannot wait to discuss it.Page turner. A great story.
 From the first chapter to the last this book keeps you wanting more !  Don't let the summer go by without reading this
 Reminiscent of a John Grisham novel but not as polished.  A good plot but it often reads as if written by the college student main character as part of his project.  You probably won't regret this fast read.
 A book of love, intrigue, and romance.  I loved it.
 Excellent book ! I read it in 2 days. Quick read and the first few chapters pull you in and keep your interest.
 Excellent book, gripping, resourceful, loved it!
 very suspenseful-wonderful characters with many sides
 A simple story with emotional resonance. Quick read. I recommend it! Not a lot of surprises, but nicely written, and sweet in a who dunnit sort of way.
 Great novel full of bold details, suspense, tears, love and laughter. Great story written so well. Deeper meanings lurk all through the novel
 I enjoyed this book very much.
 Great reading!
 It had a flow that kept my attention from beginning to end. The story was well written with many twists.
 I highly recommend, stayed up all night reading, talk about a page turner! Suspense filled, more twist and turns than a back country road.
 good read, I couldn't put it down
 Loved this book!
 I had trouble putting the book down. Wanted to read it straight through and got irritated when I had to put it down.
 Good story with the message that we all carry "baggage".  You can't judge a person by what is apparent.
 A fresh approach to the murder mystery genre.  I was instantly engaged, and hated to put the book down.  I will be looking for more from this author.
 A fast fun read. Exactly what I was looking for to take on vacation. Bad bad people, good good people.
 This was intriguing from the first page. I finished it in two days at the beach. Couldn't have asked for a better book!
 great book
 Fast paced book with lots of different people mixing into the story. Really enjoyed it.
 Great book. Would recommend
 Great read! I couldn't put it down! I love a good mystery.  This book keeps you guessing until the end.
 It was a good book. Simply written. It could've had a little more story line but was a good read. I would recommend reading it.
 I enjoyed reading The Life we Bury.<br/>It was very suspenseful!<br/>I did not like some of the language and sexual parts.
 Definitely a page turner
 Incredible first book...this would make a great movie!!! Started picking up speed and just kept getting faster and faster paced. This is not even the type of book I usually read but loved it and certainly looking for more from Allen Eskens.
 It had me on the edge of my seat. Exciting and interesting book.
 A few parts were predictable, but the book had good characters, a tough unexpected hero, and I loved the setting of a harsh Minnesota winter.  Worth a read.
 Wonderful story, very thought provoking<br/>The story just drew me in.  Worthwhile read for anyone. Great job. Will definitely read additional books by this author
 Good quick read. Kept my interest throughout
 Great read!
 Ítem as described by seller. Very satisfied. Thank you much.
 Twists and turns very well written...loved it
 A good read. Some twists and turns.
 Good story. Definite page turner.
 Very interesting read..
 A suspenseful and intriguing story.
 This is an excellent story.  It grabbed me from the start.  The characters were very realistic with both their good and bad traits portrayed vividly.  The narrator was astounding.
 I had high hopes based on the reviews, but I found the story to be melodramatic, sappy, and predictable.  His writing is superb, but the story not so much.
 Great read.
 I have say I only put this book down a couple times. I was hooked from beginning. Great!
 Loved this book.
 I really liked this book it was very interesting
 You will really enjoy this one.  The good guys Win! Very satisfying read and interesting characters. Fresh take on a tried and true murder mystery.
 Great story.
 Good storyline  keeps you interested throughout.  I Definitely recommend to put on your reading list  Will even bring out some tears and smiles along the way
 Good
 But I must say it was an excellent  read. Very well written and kept my suspense.
 Good Read
 Stunning read. The story goes from a writing assignment in college to a life changing experience for not only the student but also for several others.
 Well written.  Compelling.  A testament to the way lives intersect, connect and impact each other. I couldn't put it down
 Great book!!! Well written...engaging from the first page to the last.  Would highly recommend reading it.  Looking forward to reading more from Allen Eskens.
 It is exciting and a fast read. I didn't want to put my tablet down. It is worth the price.
 Loved this book!  Thought the characters were wonderful.
 Good book of redemption however it was easy for me to figure out who the real killer was.  Overall, though I would definitely recommend it.
 Great storyline and characters.<br/>Very enjoyable read!
 Very interesting book, it had a different interest.  Good story.
 Loved the story line. The romance, the family issues and of coarse the murder mystery.  Ill be recommending this to friends.
 This was a decent book but fairly predictable and a little over the top in terms of graphic violence. I would recommend if you like this type of book.
 This was a really good book.  It had many good messages, and it was not predictable.
 Kept my attention through the entire read.  I would recommend this to all my friends.  It was a story line.
 I LOVED this book!!! I loved the characters, the plot kept taking unexpected turns, it was a riveting mystery and very exciting!  I couldn't put it down!  This would make a great movie!
 Great story!
 Hokey, shallow, predictable.
 Characters became livid.  I walked in their shoes.  A mystery well told. And timely. The ending, expected, but did fall in love with Carl!
 Eskers uses language so well to reveal his characters.  Once I picked this book up, I had to keep reading until I finished.  Very engrossing!
 This was my first read by Allen....loved the book...the characters, I'm looking forward to reading The Guise of Another next!  Keep writing!!
 An excellent book, reads as if it were true. It's engrossing, hard t put down. The characters are well-developed and intriguing. Our book club loved it.
 I thought the plot was lame
 very good
 Very engaging, suspenseful. Kept me entertained beginning to end.
 I would highly recommend this book. It was suspenseful and you never knew what you would find out next . I had a hard time putting it down !
 I could not put this book down.....a great read!
 Good story-interesting plot. Enjoyed reading this.
 Average story. Predictable ending. My bookclubs least favorite for the year.
 Great plot! This one is definitely a page turner. I would have like to have seen some of the secondary storylines exploredo a little more, but it was overall suspenseful and well-written for a first time writer.
 Well written and a real page turner. Will definitely read another by Eskens.
 Interesting topic which I enjoyed.  Parts of the story were a bit unrealistic for me but overall a good read!
 Good read
 the story had many different characters but it all pulled together and it was difficult to stop reading it.
 I couldn't stop turning the pages. I truly enjoyed this book and look forward to more from this author. You will not be disappointed.
 So well written, engrossing, different...great stories, character,plot!!
 Very good summer read. Engaging story
 Another Great Book.
 Interesting and engaging.
 Loved the book.  I had a hard time putting it down.  It kept my interest the whole time.  I even went out and bought Allen Eskers next book.
 A little predictable but still a good read and definitely made me stop and think about the things I have 'buried'. Enjoyable. A reminder that life is full of hard choices.
 I loved this book, found time to read it whenever I could.  I gave it to my mother when I was done and she loved it too.
 Couldn't put this book down. Allen Eskens has a great writing style. This story was easy to follow and really compelling.
 Although it is a mystery, it also portrayed emotions that are identifiable - without becoming too dramatic!
 Easy read- good beach book!
 The story was good, but it never quite reached the level of great.  It was an entertaining read.
 I really enjoyed this book
 Page turner.  Read it in three days.  You wont be disappointed.  And the end........just a great way to end a novel.
 great story that brings in many feelings about relationships and life. very thought provoking and enjoyable. add to your summer read list
 Great story with good twist at the end. Author used a few to many metaphors throughout the story. Weren't needed.
 Was a quick easy read. Good for a young adult.
 Couldn't put it down. Heartwarming, suspenseful...  Well developed characters... I felt like I was part of the story. Highly recommend!
 Good readiñg
 One of the best books I've read.
 An easy read and very entertaining.  I believe that awful mother exists somewhere.  The overly adventures college students I doubt.  Do enjoy it.
 Really enjoyed this book.
 This was one of those books where you just can't put it down. Great suspense I hope they make a movie based on it.
 I really enjoyed the characters and plot. Got good at the end!
 Terrific story. Strong characters<br/> And interesting criminal investigation. Would definitely recommend to male or female.
 SO GOOD!
 Relentless suspension! You will route for Jeremy and Lila. Twists and turns. Somewhat predictable but still a fun read.  Worth the time!
 First half of book kept me on the edge of my seat, the last half sort of fizzled out for me, did not care for the ending.
 Brilliant book!!!
 A great story line that picks up pace as you go making it hard to put down, I read the audible version whilst walking the beach - fantastic,
 Trigger warnings for abuse.<br/><br/>Compelling.  Short review: read it.<br/><br/>Stand-alone that pulls the reader into the characters and scenes. Some graphic violence, no drag-you-down drama.<br/><br/>Believable characters with distinct personalities. Each one haunted by actions in their past that created and somewhat controls their behaviors.<br/><br/>Informative, interesting, memorable and realistic dialogue.<br/><br/>'It started gradually, but eventually she took to slapping me across the face whenever her tea-kettle brain started to boil.'<br/><br/>I may re-read this story and look forward to other works by this author.
 I thought the book would have more depth.  I was engaged enough to keep reading.  Maybe the title fooled me and I wanted something a little more scandalous!!
 I enjoyed this book very much.
 unbelievably a fun exciting read!
 This was a great read, both my husband and I really enjoyed it.
 Loved the book.  Held my interest all the way through, and was a fast read.
 Great page turner ! Everyone has something they'd like to hide or bury. Great characters &amp; development. A super quick read!!
 I can see this book as a movie. You will be sitting straight up on the edge of your seat reading this, so forget putting it down. No laying back on this one!
 Excellent story with real world characters brought alive by the author. Look forward to reading more of Allen's books.
 An interesting combination of family love and dysfunction, expected and unexpected, different ages an professions, ethical dilemmas, foolhardiness and strategy.  Captivating reading.
 I really enjoyed this book. At times it seemed a bit far fetched but I loved every minute of it anyhow. It was great fun an I had a hard time putting it down
 Story pulls you in quickly.  Characters are interesting.  Will look for more from this author.
 Very suspenseful with interesting and descriptive characters.
 Though predictable the story kept me reading.
 This book and it's characters pull you in and keep you interested in their lives to the very end.  I recommend to everyone that enjoys a VERY good read.
 It was a very good book highly recommend.
 Note to authors. ..always make your side stories a great story. Ex; making the retarded brother a side story was not interesting and was boring to read. This book was good but certainly not great<br/>Also, does every murder mystery have to end with a painfully predictable showdown kidnapping! !??? Mystique is what keeps us interested.  And that fairy tale ending was absolutely brutal. I couldn't finish last chapters. So rushed!!!
 good read. !
 Fast moving thought provoking. Good ending twist. I did not want it to end. Great read. Must read today. Prayer oily service to the author.
 This is the most far-fetched piece of fiction I have ever read. Unfortunately, I have an issue where I need to complete a book even if I don't enjoy it, so I spent most of my time reading this story doing a lot of eye rolling.
 Pleasant surprise since I was not familiar with author. Immediately ordered "The Guise of Another."
 Incredible book... Highly highly recommend and I rarely take the time to write reviews.
 Gripping!!!! This novel would make a fantastic movie. Allen Eskens could quite possibly be my new favorite author. Fantastic read. Ordering his  next book right now. Bravo on  a first smash hit.
 This was a book club pick. Very well written and capturing.
 Could not put it down
 Late night reader.<br/>Good read. Kept me up wanting to read on.  Sometimes predictable and slow. But minor compared to the enjoyment of the story
 Great book.  Could not put it down.  Realistic characters.
 As some who reads mystery/suspenseful books this book was both. I judge a really good book that after the first page makes me want to keep reading and reading. Read it you will not be disappointed.
 Absolutely loved this thrilling novel!  It will definitely be on my "top ten favorite books" list for the year!
 It was very well written
 Easy holiday read. Well paced good to pick up &amp; put down. Enjoyed. Liked the characters. Well crafted. Would recommend
 Amazing read. I cried throughout the whole last chapter. Restores hope in doing the right thing and good things come back around
 Good book overall, enjoyed reading it for a bookclub that I am in.
 very interesting, moving story and well written.  Great pace which holds the reader's attention until the end
 Great great book! Captured me immediately. Enjoy reading it!
 Very quick but enjoyable read.
 Intriguing story, compelling pace.
 It was a good read. However, there were so spots the were a bit slow.
 Loved this book. Once I got going into it about 100 pages in, I couldnt put it down. Suspense was great.
 interesting story..you get involved in finding out who did it....
 Great story, a page turner!
 I could not put this book down, stirring dinner while reading.
 great book
 Really enjoyed this book. It was well-written and a good read.
 Great story. I read the book in 3 days, I could not put it down. I would choose this author again.
 Enjoyable, fast-paced read. No surprises, but the narrative draws you in and keeps you engaged. I'll definitely try other books by this author.
 Interesting read, but nothing special.
 quite good. worth it. sak66
 Good story, suspenseful and well-written. I would read another by Allen Eskens.
 I Loved this book, it was a true mystery to the end. I am looking forward to Allen Eskens next one!
 Hooked from page 1
 Easy read and intriguing.
 All the elements of a good book. Well developed characters, intriguing story line, and enough twists and turns to keep you guessing.
 Enjoyed it. It could have had a little more dept to it.
 Was an entertaining story.
 Intense from start to  finish. This was my first book by Eskens and look forward to the next. Good read.
 It kept me wanting to get back to the book whenever I had a chance
 Interesting plot and colorful characters made this a really enjoyable read.  Want to check out other book from this author.
 There was a twist that I wasn't expecting, and I am always a fan of a happy ending. Definitely a must read.
 A very good read.
 I hated having to put this down for even a quick break.  Beautifully written!  I felt as though I was sitting in the room with Carl.
 Good story line and thrilling at times.  Was sometimes difficult to put down!  I appreciated the positive ending, even if events did occasionally unfold just a little too smooth.
 Well written, moves fast, fast read
 There was a little too much sensationalism. Exciting but not quite believable. It did hold my interest and I enjoyed the plot.
 Great book!
 Predictable, but read worthy - kept me interested the whole time!
 Good read. Lots of feel good parts<br/>Some sad but good ending
 Loved the characters &amp; strong development.  Twists and turns on almost every page. I really enjoyed the creative writing!! Live the MN  author &amp; connection
 This was a great book
 A good read. Read in a few sittings.
 Today is January 31, 2017. This is the most uplifting thing I have read since November 8, 2016, and most likely stay that way for the next four years.
 Very well written and kept my attention from the beginning. There were twists and turns that made it very entertaining.
 A pretty good story which is a fast read. A few things are predictable, but there are some pretty solid plot twists.
 I was looking for a good book and this was it! Great character development and story line, I really enjoyed it!
 Easy reading,with some of the material in it ,I don't think I will pass it on to my mother.
 Good book!
 Great story
 The characters were well developed and very likable. Beautiful imagery. It's a quick read that kept me in suspense. Definitely recommend.
 Excellent book, great story line, kept me interested from the first page.  Looking forward to the next book
 Suspenseful from beginning to end. Interesting characters that came to life through great description and development. One of those books that ended too soon.
 good
 Great characters, rich with  dimension. Good story with a captivating twist.  Impossible to put down for the last quarter of the book.
 loved this book and could not put it down
 Very interesting.  Kept my attention.  Could not wait to see the ending.
 This book was very hard to put down after starting. Lots of twists and turns.
 Exciting and surprise ending.
 Not the best I've ever read.
 Terrific book
 An amazing book! The words flow easily along carrying you to a point where you don't want to put it down. This book could easily be number one in a series, you want to hear more about the characters and what happens to them next; don't stop now!
 We can never tell what is hidden behind any person, and it shows that it is very hard to open those doors.  Good for book club discussions
 The ending was a bit anti-climactic, for an otherwise excellent story.
 Suspenseful
 A bit of a slow start but soon became very exciting!  Great book for teen readers.  Appreciated that there was no rude language.
 This book had me hooked from the very beginning I read it in a day I could not put it down.
 Good book. Interesting ending.
 Fun book with great characters, story line, and plenty of suspense.  I will be looking for other books by this author.
 This was a good story. Heart pounding in a few places. I know that cursing is a part. Wish the author wouldn't use quite so much. Will possibly read another of his books
 Good
 Well written and hooked my right in with the narrator voice and subject. I could feel compassion for the characters right away.
 I liked this book.
 I really enjoyed this book. Right after I read it I downloaded Allen's net book and also enjoyed it.
 Could not,put this one down. Story was very well thought out and never lost my attention. I highly recommend this one
 It was very well written with rich characters. The plot is somewhat predictable but you become so invested in the characters that you don't mind. I really enjoyed the book and read it very quickly.
 Great Blend of suspense and family drama!
 Amazing story...death, murder,police, cold weather, requited love, and an ending that will blow your mind
 Great story, uplifting about today's young people willing to put themselves out to make things right
 Such a great read. I recommend it to everyone if they want a book that keeps you on your toes till the end.  Loved it
 Very good "who did it". I enjoyed the character development very much.
 very well written and an excellent portrayal of a young man with an Autistic brother which is authentic and memorable.
 So many twists and turns. Couldn't put it down. Amazing character development. Deep plot with multiple things happening at once but blended well. Finished in 2 days on vacation.
 Hard to put down.  Good characters each with their own issues. Interesting plot with some twists and turns.  Highly recommend.
 Captivating read from the get-go -- plotting, characters, use of language especially in the nuances of human relationships.  One of the best pieces of fiction I've picked up in a while.  Highly recommend it.
 Great novel with many twists and turns.
 Compelling but predictable outcome
 Excellent read! I couldn't put it down! Allen Eskens has a new fan
 Gripping
 Really good read!
 The story comes full circle and ends with a perfect sense of completion. Great characters that are relatable and people you would root for.
 Okay
 Suspenseful. Flowed well
 Great Book!!!
 Very intriguing plot, hard to put down, good characters, and the writing flowed along. If he had more books I would buy them...
 Excellent story well told.
 Couldn't put it down!
 The author writes with a vivid vocabulary and the plot kept my attention. The characters felt like real people struggling like the rest of us to find a place in this world.
 Good read.
 Great read!
 Quick read
 I really enjoyed this book and its characters..
 Fantastic writing.  Could not put it down. Finished it in one weekend.
 A definite page turner!!  Well written, easy to follow story.  Interesting story and characters!  Would for sure recommend to book lovers!
 Loved it! Went out and got all of Allem Eskens books after reading this!
 Very interesting. Couldnt put it down.
 Good book! Worth reading!
 I am not normally a reader of crime novels but something attracted me to this book, and I cannot say enough positive things about it. The story is rich in complexity, completely believable and so compelling. The pace is just unrelenting and keeps you fully engaged from page one. Allen Eskens' writing style is very clear and concise, the individual chapters short and beautifully connected. I am a tough critic and this just blew me away when I realized it was Allen's first novel. This man is a major talent in the making. Buy it, read it and enjoy it, you will not be sorry. It is my choice for best book of the year !!!
 This would make a good Lifetime movie (a cut above Hallmark) A college student whose life is in disarray researches the guilt of a terminally ill convicted murderer, all the while trying to care for his autistic brother and break free from his narcissistic mother. The writing is serviceable and there is plenty of action and suspense. Just one thing a writer should bear in mind when he is planning a story. If the plot is told in the first person, the reader knows the hero doesn't die, and that immediately lowers the tension.<br/>If you are looking for a book to while away a few hours, this would be a good candidate.
 Very intriguing and believable story.  Was very hard to put down and read at a later time
 I enjoyed this book from 1st page to last. Personally, I enjoy reading about characters that are very real to me, and, in fact, could be people I know. The author did that well with the young man, who was the main character, and his developing relationship with  the dying Vietnam vet, who was the subject of his school assignment. The book is tragic in many parts, but very satisfying in that justice was served in the end. I don't like to give plots away in these reviews, so I will just say that this is definitely a great read, with rich character development. I would love to see this as a movie in the future.
 It had a low key start and then was like a rollercoaster. I liked everything it was not exaggerated but a very Google and believable read
 interesting murder mystery, with backdrop of 2 relationships, one a budding romance and the other between brothers
 It's a good read. I was hooked the entire time wanting to see how it ended. I would recommend you see for yourself.
 Great early effort. Fun read.
 Excellent fast paced story! I couldn't stop reading!
 When I see the movie I will say the book is so much better. A true suspense and thriller no made up gore.
 I really enjoyed this book, it was intriguing and not predictable. There are a few graphic crimes which were described in a way I didn't enjoy, but it did contribute to the depth of the story.
 A good read !
 Good Book!
 Loved the beautiful sentences and analogies.  The story just kept moving- students in Minnesota, murder, near death in a blizzard, love and brotherhood.  Loved it!
 Suspense to the very end!
 Loved it!
 The characters are great. I loved the writing and original setting of a great thriller. After a few chapters I could not stop reading it.
 The first part of the book was very interesting and I didn't want to put it down. Toward the end, however, the action was unrealistic and far fetched.  Nonetheless, I enjoyed the book and would recommend it.
 This was good reading and I enjoyed it.
 End of book disappointing
 Loved it. Absorbing story, kept my attention, satisfying ending.
 he is a very good writer and I told him that in person as he lives near me
 When I ordered this book, I wasn't sure that I'd be all that crazy<br/>about it.  And for the wrong reason ~ there were so few reviews<br/>that I just assumed it wasn't the greatest ... wrong!  It's a great<br/>story with lots of action and wonderful characters all of whom I<br/>felt I really knew.
 I finished this book in one day. It is a page turner. I love the analogies the author uses. Highly recommended
 I enjoyed the story. However Joes mom is so similar to my own sometimes I had a hard time reading those parts.
 I found this to be an excellent read.  I loved the characters and enjoyed every page of the book.<br/>I'll be watching for this author's next book in 2015.
 Good book, but i felt a key character was not introduced very well.
 I cannot believe that Good Reads recommended this book.  Although the story was good, it seemed like a high school student wrote it.  Found out this is this author's first novel &amp; you can tell.  I have read many other books by new authors &amp; they were very good.  Don't waste your time on this one.
 Well written, suspenseful and a relatable story line. The murder mystery was engaging, thrilling and unexpected. A recommended read !
 a great smooth flowing narative in an super story by a new author with great potential
 This book started out well, but got a bit unbelievable toward the end.  A good, easy read.
 I absolutely enjoyed reading this book. It kept me engaged from the beginning. Going to buy Eskens other books!
 Great story that pulled me right in. A real page turner.
 Nice read.  Had a few twists in the story.  Good gutsy tries to do good and solve the mystery of his subject.
 Fantastic book by Allen Eskens. I don't really rate books, but this one was a real page turner. I will be buying his next book as soon as it is available.
 Too obvious.  Felt it started well but became trite.  Not able to hold my attention. Felt too contrived and too simple.
 I really enjoyed this this very good book.
 Every chapter took on a new twist or turn - a well written story that I could not put down!
 Good read
 Page turner for sure, you won't be able to put it down. The story is predictable and leaves you happy.
 The story and characters are well developed and interesting throughout. You want to know Joe and Lila better with each chapter. The mystery of the murder is intriguing with twists and turns enough to keep you engaged.
 Excellent book
 I am so glad I got to read this book, I really like it! Thank you Mrs. Harrison for recommending it!
 Interesting twists and turns. Great mix of characters. First book in awhile I couldn't put down. Keep on going. Will read next one.
 It was not a spell binder but I had trouble putting it down.  The ending was predictable but the journey was not. Nice descriptive writing.
 Very interesting
 Takes a little bit to get into the meat of the plot but then reads very quickly. I enjoyed the story and the characters are very likable.
 I was drawn into this book from the start and I had a hard time putting it down. The characters were well developed and believable. I would highly recommend this book.
 Simple love story which turns into a thriller.  Loved it!
 Great book.  My husband is hoping for a sequel.
 This book was a good read having lot of action and is fast paced. I would recommend this book to anyone who likes drama.
 This book is a serious page turner!  Usually i find about 1 in 20 books that i get so engrossed over that i cant wait to get home and read.
 Great beach read.  Especially fun to read if you are from MN.
 Well written story, family, relationships, compelling determination to right a wrong. Totally enjoyed the message.
 Never written a review before. One third of the way through this book. Once of the best books I've read in years.
 I really enjoyed reading this book really sad though
 The book arrived in two days, just in time for an upcoming trip. It kept my attention as a "who done it" story and kept my interest til the end. Would recommend.
 Interesting.
 Th best novel I have ever read. Thank you Allen
 Loved this book - ordered another book by this author as soon as I finished it!
 I read this book in 2 days - I couldn't put it down. I highly recommend this book to anyone that's looking for a page-turner!
 loved this book! it was chosen for my book club and it was  a wonderful change of pace. the authors style was very enjoyable. complex but very easy to read, intelligent but i didn't need a dictionary! characters were fantastic, especially Jeremy!
 I enjoy reading it
 Real page-turner
 It went too fast and I couldn't wait for the truth to be told.  Then I was sorry it was over.
 Excellent book!  I enjoyed this author's writing style
 I read it in two days, which is quick for me. A great read. I'll read more of his books.
 I totally enjoyed this book.
 Very good.  I really enjoyed it.
 Anyone liking a good mystery will enjoy this book. I wasn't ready for it to end and could have easily read another hundred pages.
 Great book!
 Good read. Page turner. I would recommend this book.  My daughter also read it for school and equally agreed a good book to read
 Hard to put down.  Good read
 Excellent cond. -- very pleased!
 It took me a little bit to get hooked on this one but when I did.......oooooooo boy! Great story I will look for more by this author!
 Extremely well written! I couldn't put it down and managed to finish it in one day, and I have 5 kids! I can't wait to get his other book
 I loved this book! I read the book in three days. I was surprised in the end, and it was a bittersweet moment. I felt like I knew the characters, especially the brother, Jeremy. I highly suggest reading this; but not at night because you'll be up all night reading!
 Awesome book. It was hard to put down  and you won't be disappointed with it. I look forward to reading another from this author and would recommend this to anyone.
 I would recommend this book great story line very enjoyable.<br/>I'll read more of his books. I gave it 5 stars because this book kept me looking for the killer
 I just enjoyed it
 A great read. I love a good murder mystery and this one was one of the best. I loved the ending.
 Great read...highly addictive
 this is a very exciting and warm book. A book of wrongs made right in more ways than one. must read
 A page turner.  Very well written and engaging. I recommended this book to anyone who enjoys mystery or crime novels.
 It was a little " Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew " at times but it kept me engaged and turning the pages.
 I honestly couldn't put it down - the story engulfed me from beginning to end. One of the best novels I've read. Definitely looking forward to reading more from Eskens and definitely recommending to everyone I know.
 I would recommend this book to anyone. 👍 👍 👍 👍 👍 😃 😃 ❤️❤️ ❤️ 😁 ❤️ ❤️ 🎈
 an interesting young author. kept me turning pages, with a satisfying conclusion.
 This was an excellent read that kept me reading as fast as I could at times to find out what happened.  The familiarity of Austin was such a surprise in the opening chapters of this book.
 Clear writing that doesn't interfere with the great plot, and characters.  Momentum builds to the satisfying conclusion.  The novel contains the story of a family, a friendship formed in war, a love story, and a compelling crime mystery.  I recommend without hesitation.
 Good old fashioned story<br/>Some fairly graphic gory scenes
 Amazing book!!  Bought this for a vacation read and finished it in four days!  Great plot and easy read!  Very suspensful!
 Very well-written novel. Have been a John Grisham fan for years and this novel kept my interest just like his books always do. I will recommend this book to friends and look forward to reading future works by Mr. Weakens.
 Too predictable
 Couldn't wait to see how it was going to end.
 Thank you
 Very good book.  It was a quick read as I couldn't put it down.
 I enjoyed reading this book. ! It will definitely keep you on your toes. Like they said, don't  judge a book by its cover...
 Great read.  I don't like having to complete this part to rate a book. Please change it back to the way it was.
 A definite page turner. Intriguing and suspenseful
 Easy to read, good story line, nicely written. Grabs you at the end and resolves well.
 Page turner, for sure.
 I could not put this book down! The writing is amazing and it truly pulls the reader into the story. Can't wait to read more from this author!
 An intriguing story with unexpected twists.
 It took a few pages to get rolling but gathered steam till it raced.  I went thru it pretty quickly.  The ending was nice
 Couldn't put this book down.
 Absolutely spell-binding. Will look forward to more of his novels.
 This was an excellent book, well written and kept the reader interested. This book was difficult to put down! Highly recommend.
 Enjoyable
 Very interesting plot with a suspenseful pace. I found it hard to put the book down for more than an hour.
 What a good story. A must READ 
 Really good story but falls apart at the end.
 Well written book that kept me on the edge of my seat.
 Bought the book for my wife and had read it twice in 2 days. She really enjoyed it
 Read the two-star reviews carefully. I found them to be very accurate in hindsight and have nothing to add other than don't waste your time on this book.
 Amazing book!!! Very suspenseful.
 Couldn't put this book down, loved it!
 I read a lot of books - and this one definitely stands out- I will read his next one for sure.  I seldom take the time to review but this one is worthwhile.
 Read this book straight through in one day.  Riveting.
 Well written!
 This kept me reading an  wanting more until the end. It is a page turner and fun. Nothing special but a good book.
 Really enjoyed this book. Interesting story and characters with unexpected twists. Well-written, quick read.
 Very good book  Thinking about using this for my book club pick.
 I could not put this book down and because of that, it was a quick read. I love a good page turner!
 Good, entertaining, fast read.
 Really good!
 Perfectly stimulating book.  I loved the main character and found him very relatable.  Well written and moving.
 Great story
 This is such a good book! I couldn't put it down! A must read for everyone! I can't wait to read another book by this author!
 Excellent read
 A real page turner. Well written,captures the reader from the start!
 Good book. Sweet story.
 Good book
 I couldn't put this down! The story, the stories within the story, what is uncovered, just a great read.
 Very good book, clean language
 Excellent read! Finished it in one day, highly recommended.
 I could not put down this book!<br/>It was full of suspense!! Hope to read more from this author<br/>. I love thrillers
 Could not put it down.....
 I really enjoyed reading this book, it kept my intrest. Overall a good.
 Great story!! Great read
 A good read
 I thought the book held much promise as it began and devolved slightly into a typical murder mystery. I was a bit disappointed, but not sorry to have read it.
 A fun consuming story that draws you in and holds you until the final sentence.  Started and finished in a weekend.
 Terrific story, well written, will not disappoint.
 This book captured me from the beginning. Loved the twists and turns. It never lost my attention. Definitely would recommend it!
 Absolutely loved this book!  The writing style was superb.  Highly recommend.
 Highly recommended...great from start to finish! Stayed up late to finish, but totally worth being tired for work tomorrow. I'm already checking out the next book by this author.
 I loved how the story pulls you in right away.  Definitely a page turner!  Couldn't wait to get to it each day!
 This was a real page turner. The characters were interesting and well developed. The plot was suspenseful.  I couldn't put it down.
 This book had an exciting and original plot. I was mesmerized from the opening paragraph and read it far into the  night. Could not wait to find out how it ended.
 So enjoyable, over the writing and his ability to stay on point. Nice twist at the end.
 Quick entertaining read but very predictable. Would recommend it to my college aged sister but not to anyone with any legal knowledge.
 Interesting enjoyable read! Kept my interest til the end.
 A little predictable in the twists and turns but a good read
 enjoyable read liked it very much
 The author gave a lot of depth to the characters and rich in details. I stayed awake until 1am to finish it. I highly recommend it.
 The characters are interesting &amp; well developed.  I liked that it was an ordinary individual investigating and not a professional.
 Good read.
 Really enjoyed this book  Could hardly put it down.  Would highly recommend it to several of my friends. Great read!
 Not my favorite until the middle of the book.
 Compelling story with characters that were worthy.
 The characters are very likable and the plot line is very plausible. This book should make for some great discussion at our upcoming bookclub :-)
 Very good book, it kept my interest until the very end!
 Kept your attention through the entire book.  Well written and suspenseful!  Quick read.
 This was a quick read. It kept me on my toes throughout most of the book. You won't be disappointed!
 loved this book
 Held my interest throughout the book.
 Mystery, Thriller, Murder, and a sweet friendship all rolled into one book! Loved it!
 This was an excellent read. I enjoyed it from the beginning to the last page.
 I loved this book.
 I loved this book.  Easy read and captured your interest from the start.  Highly recommend. Recommending as a choice for my book club!
 I loved this book.  Kept my attention from page one till the end.  Get this book you will like it!
 Could not put it down.
 I could not put this book down!
 Fantastic book!  This was recommended  by a friend, and I could put it down.
 A great read! Reading his second book now: The Guise of Another.  I am now an official fan.
 One of the best reads this year for me.
 Great book!
 Outstanding writing!
 Great story!!! The plot keeps your attention all the way to the end! The characters are interesting! I hope there is a another one just like it in the future!!!
 Very good story line
 Good story, great characters, suspense and action in addition to psychological development.  Some part are predictible, but some are surprises.
 Beautifully written with a riveting plot that twists and turns like a snowy winter country road in the upper Midwest.
 A lot of twists and turns to keep you interested and a novel full of a little bit of everything - love, family troubles, mystery, etc.
 well written. This is a hard book to put down.
 This book is an excellent read. It has a well developed plot with a great twist at the end. Reading it is a great way to pass a hot summer day.
 Loved it.
 An excellent first novel by a writer to watch!
 Surprising twists and turns.  I read most of the book in one day.  I hope this book helps to remind me in the future that there are at least two sides to every personal encounter.
 I enjoyed this book greatly because it kept me reading wondering what would happen hoping Carl would be innocent. I'd recommend to all who like action and mystery.
 One of the best books I've read in years.  Very original.
 This book was throughly enjoyable.  The characters were human and believable. Very refreshing.
 Bought this on vacation and it is not a literary work of greatness but keeps you reading until the end.
 Very good book. Original script. Good read.
 Ok book.
 Well done...quick, fast-moving and suspenseful. Perfect if you're snowed in!
 This was a good book and narrated very well
 Great story with many small stories within the big story.  Really enjoyable read.
 LOVE
 Not my type of book.  I enjoyed the beginning of the story but then it became too predictable and boring.
 Very well written book.  Hard to put down,  very interesting story
 Fair story line. Lost me with an ending that was both simpleminded and predictable.
 Very good storyline with lots of twist and heart warming moments. Highly recommend this book for a simple and fun read!
 fine
 This was a rich mixture of suspense, romance, and drama that pulls you in and demands curiosity. I laughed, cried, and hung on the edge of my seat. Great read!
 Very good and very intense
 Enjoyable read.
 Was a very good read
 The story kept moving along with great background on the characters. Makes you wonder about our perceptions compared to reality.
 Loved it - nothing like I thought it would be!
 Good, quick read. Page turner.
 Enjoyed the twists and turns and the way the characters were developed.
 Great book. This is the first time reading a book from this author, I can't wait to read another. Well written and suspenseful!
 I will look for more books from Allen Eskens
 Great read ....couldn't put the book down! Great choice for book club!
 While I am a fiction buff, I don't frequently read crime and murder novels. That said, I am honestly shocked by all the positive reviews of this book. I thought it had potential when I started, but the storyline just grew increasingly ridiculous and predictable as it advanced.<br/><br/>I constantly thought while reading this, "Show, don't tell." If I were an English teacher and this author was in my class, that would be my advice. Some things can be implied. Not everything needs to be said so expressly and overtly. Around the halfway point, I even checked to see if this was a YA novel because of the way it's written. So many scenes are overdone, over-described and exaggerated. At about 80% through, I found myself skimming just to tie it all up in the quickest way possible.<br/><br/>I did enjoy the stories about Vietnam, and I think the Carl character was the most believable of them all.<br/><br/>While the premise is interesting, and there is SOME good stuff inside, I would not recommend this book.
 Good easy reading on a plane, but plot is a bit soppy &amp; unrealistic. Very unbelievable plot twists occur throughout.
 Awesome book! Very exciting
 could not put this book down.  Loved it!!!
 Wonderful read. Love her writing.
 Really enjoyed this book
 Anyone who enjoys reading a well written book.<br/><br/>Captures you from the first chapter all the way to the end.  Contains some unexpected twists and turns.  Very well written.
 Great book -- really enjoy Allen Eskens' writing style!
 I'm thoroughly enjoying this!
 Excellent book. Definitely some twists.
 I was concerned this book would have too much Vietnam gore in it but it didn't.  Great story, fast-moving with several twists and turns.  Would make a good movie!
 Great book
 Very Grisham-est. Well developed likable characters.
 Loved the characters in this story. Well told and kept me wanting to get back to it.  Enjoyed the Minnesota setting.
 Fast paced and action packed. Great characters and storyline. A refreshing and wonderful read.
 LOVED this book!  A very thought-provoking story.  I have passed along copies to friends.  I highly recommend this book!
 This book was an unexpected nice surprise.
 Very interesting
 Actually a good read for a debut mystery not to complicated, but enjoyable
 Very readable
 Imagine my surprise when my hometown is a location for part of the story. I don't usually read mysteries but bought this for my hisband and decided to read it before he did. Loved the story! Very well written.
 Well written story, and be prepared to fall in love with a convicted murderer. I'm looking forward to this author's next book this fall.
 This was a great book. The plot was so different than the run of the mill stories. It was hard to put it down.
 I enjoyed reading it, but after it was done I realized it was pretty predictable.
 great book, easy ready, definitely worth it.
 I was a bit concerned at the beginning but throughly enjoyed the book which goes to show you cannot not judge until you know all
 What a great first book!<br/>I couldn't put it down, a page turner from start to finish!<br/>I look forward to reading future books by this author!
 Nothing
 A must read!!! I couldn't put the book down!
 Suspenseful, interesting with a rather bizarre twist at the end.
 I have never heard of this author but the cover caught my eye. Glad it did, as this book is easy to read, suspenseful and has a nice twist at the end.
 Excellent, you will keep turning the pages!
 I really liked it and would recommend it, I already have. This would make a good movie.
 Love a book you can't put down? Put this on your list.Youl'll be pulling for the main character all the way.
 An entertaining story. I wish the author explored the relationship between the mother, brother  and main character more in depth.
 A real page turner!!!
 Really well written book! I am not one to enjoy the suspenseful types, but it was tastefully done!
 Everyone in my book club enjoyed this well written book!
 This is a very well written book about a young man's quest to right many wrongs. I'm going to suggest this book to my book club.
 I enjoyed the style of writing made for and easy read...the context of the theme was clever.
 intriging from start to finish
 Amazing read. Not a big reader and couldn’t put this down.
 Good book.
 The book grabbed my interest right away. Good read.
 This is hands down the best book I've read in the past year. Extremely suspenseful (you will not see the ending coming), and surprising emotionally deep for a thriller, it absolutely nails the devastation wreaked by guilt and self-blame on the two main characters. I was also very moved by the chapters dealing with Vietnam and its effects on Carl and his surviving friend from that war. Anyone who served or has family who served will appreciate that part of the story. Looking forward to reading more from Mr. Eskens!
 I loved the characters, the setting and the story.  It gets to your heart. You find yourself in the words.
 I enjoyed this book.  It kept my interest.
 Love this book, arrived in perfect condition.
 This was a great and fun read. It was very predictable but still fun to read. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 A page turner for sure. Characters really came to life for me on page !  Kept me guessing . A good read  spoiler alert happy ending !! Younger brother stole your heart !
 I really liked this book. Edge of your seat.
 Kept me engaged...start to finish!
 Although a page turner the plot was rather predictable.  A good easy read if your looking for something to finish while on vacation.
 I just didn’t like writing style, it was dry and predictable
 Excellent...more than you expect to find.  Couldn't put it down. Twists around every corner. Well written, with the flow of a good movie. The story jumps off the page.
 Awesome book!
 The booked grabbed my attention so much that I could not put it down for long. Finished it in 2 days. Recommended it to my husband.
 The book was easy to get into and fast paced.  Though it was a quick read it was not shallow but had my attention the entire time.
 Good story. Realistic characters
 Love it ! Read it in 3 days
 A good story but became somewhat unbelievable in the end.
 I stumbled upon this book after reading a couple of bad ones!  It was a great story and I was immediately enthralled
 Great story line and nice characters.
 Great book! Couldn't put it down!
 Not a good book. I'm really surprised by all of the positive reviews. I found the main character to be totally unbelievable amd ridiculous. He is a 20 year old college student,  policeman,  detective,  bar bouncer,  and MacGyver?  I don't think so. He wasn't that likeable. I think this book had a lot of potential. I really think that the author should have focused more on the relationship between Carl and MacGyver...that was where the story was at.
 Very good reading
 Great
 I couldn't put it down once I started it.  The characters were real and the plot was better than expected.
 Very enjoyable . Light reading but still held my interest. Some good twists and turns.
 Great Book.
 I. Couldn't put this book down!! It was full of suspense, thought and laughter. Can't wait to read more of his books
 Awesome read! Highly recommend!
 We read this book for our book club and I'm glad we did. It reminded me that lives are complex and some more than others....
 One of the top 10 bks I've ever read!
 I enjoyed the book...read it in a day. Lots of twists and turns, such that I couldn't put it down.
 It's hard to get into the book at first. The book doesn't really get interesting until you are two thirds done
 Excellant book, with many unexpected twists.  I really felt like I got to know the characters well. I found myself putting the children to bed early so I could get back to reading this book to see what would happen next.  Two thumbs up!
 Since I like to read about Viet Nam, murders, and people wrongfully convicted of crimes, the blurb about the book appealed to me.  It turned out to have much more action than I expected with a love story thrown in on the side.  It was thoroughly enjoyable with a number of large surprises.  It is easy to keep track of the characters.  Some of the book is a little outlandish (student Joe Talbert confronting murderers), but that's why it's fiction.  The book has a happy ending.  We never do hear how Joe did on his paper though.  I would still like to know.
 I enjoyed every minute of this well written book.  The story was well thought out and the descriptive way the author has in framing up characters or a setting is masterful.
 A little slow in the beginning but stick with it. It's a great story.
 This book was a little bit slow to get going, but I read the last 250 or so pages in a single night.  Definitely a page-turner!
 Good read. Good twists and turns. The characters were believable and the story was disturbingly believable also. I would recommend.
 I loved the characters and the story.<br/>A pretty good Xmas novel!
 Good read
 I would recommend this book!
 I purchased this book because of all the positive reviews. I would be lying if I said I didn't enjoy reading this book but that goes without saying I was still rather disappointed. The story is told from first person perspective, which is what I generally prefer, but I felt no emotional connection with the main character.  The characters seemed rather one dimensional and I found many parts of the story quite predictable.
 One of the best books I've read this year.  I have recommended it to all my friends.
 Great storytelling.  It's sad that people are wrongly convicted and this story brings those issues to light.
 Great story line. Interesting main character. An overall great read.
 The story was a little predictable but I still enjoyed it.  Overall I thought it was well written and good first book.
 I would recommend this book to anyone in need of a little dose of humanity, especially people who are drawn to good character work
 The Life We Bury was a great read!  It kept me hooked the entire time, and it was hard to put down.  I would recommend this book to someone looking for a fun read.
 This book is an easy read, suspenseful, engaging novel... well worth reading.
 Very interesting and heart warming story. I would like to read more by this author.  This book makes you think.
 Great story!
 this is a great read !! Highly recommend !!
 I loved the book and how it intertwined to lives full of hurt and regret- especially the hurt from actions in Vietnam.
 Once I got into it, it was hard to put down.
 This book gave me pretty much everything I would want....mystery, suspense, love, heartache, compassion. A real page Turner and a must read!
 Very enjoyable read, hard to put down.  Great story line, slightly predictable with a few twist and turns that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
 The story kept my interest and found that I couldn't wait to read the next chapter.  I really enjoyed the story line and where it lead.  Absolutely worth reading.
 This was an outstanding read and it was the author's first book. I can't wait to read his second one. I highly recommend this book!!
 Could not put the book down.  Read this in two days. ... Sad  it is over.  Enjoyed immensely.  Good work Allen
 great book, intense and intelligent novel, you don't want to stop reading.
 Present for adult son. He enjoyed book so much he asked for the follow-up book from this new author. Said it was very well written.
 A very easy read. I only have it 4 starts because some of the book read like a lifetime movie and was predictable.
 Well written book, great story told. I was entertained throughout the entire book.
 Really enjoyed this book a lot. Fast paced and could not wait to read the next page!
 Loved this book. Especially when you give an author a try even though you've never heard of him. Great character development, well developed plot and suspense make this a great read.
 Great, page turning read!
 This is a superbly written novel that grabs you from the beginning; it's hard to believe it's Eskens` first novel
 Very attention grasping
 Thoroughly enjoyed reading this novel. Would highly recommend it!
 Really worth the time , very well written hard to put down , I ended up reading it in 2 days, couldn't put it down
 Read this book in 3 days! Loved it!
 Great mystery
 This is a well written murder mystery/love story that I had a hard time putting down. If you're looking for a page turner give it a read.
 Wonderful book. Loved it!
 Good mystery/love story.  I look forward to more by this author.  If you like Harlan Coben you'll like this writer.
 I really enjoyed this book. I never wanted to put the book down. It really tugs at your heart.
 Easy read with a twist.  A book that held my attention.  I would recommend as a vacation read.  Easy to follow
 Given that this is the first novel written by this author, and that he is to be encouraged and congratulated for his effort, I think the rave reviews should be taken with some skepticism. The book is worth reading for the story, but in my opinion I feel very misled by the reviews. The plot, characters, and dialog seem like a first draft in need a lot of fine tuning.  It is very difficult to write an excellent novel, and this book illustrates that point. If you expect the polished skill of Michael Connelly or Lee Child, do not buy this book.
 Very compelling read. Exciting and a fast read.
 An excellent book.
 Got my attention and kept it through the entire book,some implausible escapes but good characters and story line made the book a minimum 4 star.
 Excellent book, well worth the read.
 Great heart warming . Makes you think about the people you meet along life's journey ..
 What a great read. Looking forward to the author's next book.
 We read this book as part of our book club and everyone loved it.  Good story and well written.
 I loved this book and how the suspense. Definitely recommend it. Will read more books by this author. Great book.
 This book held my interest to it's conclusion and I liked the Pascal inclusion.  Again a good book.  Five stars for sure.
 Good story. Enjoyed this book.
 Great story. Satisfying read
 This was a gripping, emotional and overall entertaining read. I would read more of Allen's books. As a warning, there is some language and descriptive difficult scenes.
 Thought it could have ended sooner, dragged on but enjoyed the story line.
 Well written story with good plot development and twists. Believable characters that keep you interested. Read in less than 24 hours - with life in between.
 Captivating enough so as I could not put it down, however, the storyline was more of a simple "who-done-it" than I expected.
 Great debut. Engrossing. Definitely feel for the characters who are just doing the best they can.
 Once I started--I couldn't put the book down until the last page.<br/>An awesome fascinating book that keeps you turning pages!
 Predictable
 As expected.
 It was a good story line and characters, a bit far fetched towards the end!
 Loved the book and the story! A fast read, I couldn't put it down. I highly recommend this book.
 One word.....BRAVO
 This was an easy read and definitely had my attention. In my opinion, the language often used was that of a novice mystery writer with its cliche quotes.
 Okay mystery, but not that great a read. Very predictable especially towards the end. Easy reading and at times entertaining
 Gripping story line, enjoyable read.
 Well written
 I read this in one day. It held my interest, and I would recommend it to murder mystery readers.
 Loved this book.Couldn't put it down.
 This my first Allen Eskens novel. What a strong and d<br/>elightful beginning, I must read more by Mr. Eskens.
 In my opinion, the author wrote a excellent book.  I like the way it was written and very easy to read.
 Interesting book. Great read
 Well written and quick paced. Characters are fully developed
 Well written. Hard to put it down. Thoroughly enjoyed it
 Ok. Mediocre
 Fun to read a book set in my home state. Well written, suspenseful and interesting read with good human interest themes.
 I enjoyed this book about places I am familiar with
 just a fun fast read
 Finally, a book of suspense without a trail of bodies!
 Really enjoyed the book.
 Good read.
 Well written, easy read with great character development.  Excellent descriptions help place you within the scene and root got Joe &amp; Lila
 An enjoyable story with interesting characters. The two main characters are interesting and compassionate human beings and I want to read more about Joe Talbert. Another book perhaps?
 The characters were likeable, but the story was very predictable. Not a lot of depth here.
 One of the best mystery thrillers that I have read!!  I just purchased the recently released follow up as well.
 Beautiful!
 Great story line that grips you quickly and doesn't let go until the final word.  Brings beauty to the tragedies of this world.  Simply written
 Excellent story.
 awesome!!
 Very different and a good mystery behind story.  Characters are very well pictured......
 I seriously got sucked into this riveting, yet beautiful story. A combination of crime story, suspense, love and renewal. Highly recommend!
 a good read, well worth the time
 Gripping!
 Pretty well done!!! Kudos for a first timer!
 It was enjoyable but not great
 Good story due to the author going into the  culture of India
 Loved the story.
 Very good read
 Meh. It started out with promise, but became really predictable and too "neat".
 engaging story
 I was so pleased to acquire a new author for my collection. Especially one of such stature. This novel has everything; pathos, fear, love, and a true story of redemption. Mr Eskens is a great read &amp; I will be referring his books to my book club &amp; friends &amp; neighbors.
 We should see many more good things from this newcomer.
 Good suspenseful read
 very good book, could not put it down
 The story was well written.  It was captivating, realistically dramatic, and a gradually hopeful ending.
 This story grabbed me quickly and wouldn't let go! I also liked the Minnesota/Iowa landmarks.
 Little disappointed in the ending.  Was rushed and not as thoughtful as other parts of the book.  Didn't tie up lose ends.
 I would recommend this book to anyone.
 Nice read but ending was not intriguing
 My friend and I read this book and we both enjoyed it. I would recommend it!
 This was a nice, quaint little story. Fairly predictable. However, it was a pleasant enough read.The story was not as full as the title suggested.
 Believable characters I cared about, a story I couldn't put down and an ending I did not see coming. Do yourself a favor and start reading The Life We Bury immediately. You won't be sorry.
 Great book! Just couldn't put it down.
 What a terrific suspenseful book!  It had me hooked from the very beginning.  Very well written.  I would definitely recommend this book.
 A story about living with guilt and how it affects your self worth and choices in life
 Enjoyed every page. I'm not much into the crime books, but Eskens cleverly combines the right dose of suspense, crime, romance with the perfect ending!!!
 Was interested by the premise, and it didn't disappoint. The book kept me guessing until the end, and then it warmed my heart.
 Kept me turning the pages, wonderful mystery.  Everything blurbs said were true.  I will look forward to his future works.
 I read this book in one day- I couldn't do anything else until I finished it. An Unbelievable good book!
 great book about people taking the time to care and listen.
 I enjoyed this book.
 The author really brought the characters to life. There were elements of suspense that kept me on the edge of my seat and nose in the book, well done
 How could anyone fail to give this 5 stars? It's a page-turning who-done-it with literary merit. A great read.
 Easy read, really enjoyed!
 Starting this book I was excited: it was well written, had great characters and a good plot - all was good. But about half way through the book the 21 year old protagonist and his girlfriend, who up until that point had both shown brains and worldliness, started behaving like idiots and getting themselves into scrapes no reasonable person would even consider. I understand the need to have difficult situations arise to move the plot along but the events in the second half of the book were so contrived it might as well have been fantasy. Good start, disappointing finish.
 A bit juvenile
 Very well written, and draws you in immediately.
 Couldn't put the book down.  Spent family vacation time reading instead of with the family. The book was that good.
 Should be a movie!!
 Great book. Keeps you interested.  Would highly recommend it.
 Really liked the book.  First time I have read any of Eskens' work.  I'll keep an eye out for him
 Really enjoyable read! I could definitely see it made into a movie.
 I loved this book.  It was especially fun because it took place near my home in MN and all the locations were well known to me.  I'm looking forward to Allen Eskens 2nd book.
 Fantastic book - great plot and great characters!
 This is storytelling at its best. It holds your attention and keeps you flipping pages to find out what comes next.
 I finished this book in about a day, as I could not put it down! Wish I knew about more books like this one!
 Great read.
 I loved this book.
 Haunting.
 Loved this book a lot.  Such rich character development and story. And I honest couldn't put it down.
 Shallow story and writing.  Premise was not built credibly.
 Fast moving plot and wonderful character development. Would love to read more from this author.  Read the entire story in one day.
 Wonderful book
 Highly recommend this read! Fabulous!!!
 This book challenges what you think about justice. It is a short read that's well worth the time.  Thought provoking.
 Very good and well written
 Fabulous read. It was suspenseful until the end.
 So good, thought provoking. Would rec!
 I couldn't put it down.  Lots of twists and turns.  And just when you think you have got it something else unexpected happens.
 Great read!
 Enjoyed it tremendously.
 A mediocre mystery.
 Deeply conceived characters, not predictable. Compelling story, great writing.
 Entertaining and captivating book.
 I like that the main character was fully developed.
 Enjoyed the page turning The Life We Bury.  It is the book of the month from my book club.  Can't wait to discuss it!
 I thought this story was believable and I found I could not put it down.  It would make a great movie!
 I read this in two days!  I could not put it down!  It is a great read. This review is by Barbara Evans Elliott
 Could not put this book down. Great story. Loved the characters. A real whodunit. Perfect for all you mystery buffs.
 Compelling story, good premise
 Interesting read for the first three quarters. Very, VERY lame ending following standard horror movie formula.
 Wow. Couldn't put it down. Excellent prose, great plot. Superb ending. Would make a great movie. Would recommend it highly. Thanks
 5 star
 I would recommend this book.
 Good book! Really interesting and suspenseful. I only gave it 4 stars though because it is a little predictable.
 Loved it!
 Easy read, good story, love the Minnesota connection.
 Couldn't put it down! Wonderful work! I love to read and this was worth the time! Thank you! Leslie J
 Good book; interesting plot and good character studies.
 Very good book and story line
 Fascinating read.
 Well written and intriguing story.  Good character development with a nice tempo.  I would recommend to everyone, it was very hard to put down once I started.
 Really enjoyed this book.
 Very compelling and well written.  Highly recommend!
 Loving this book so far!!!!  Only half way through.
 A story that gains one attention immediately.
 👍🏻
 Great read !
 Excellent.  Well written and a real page turner right to the end.
 Great book! Highly recommend it!
 Great book - really enjoyed it
 Good story!
 Good book, makes you think! About judging others and everyone has a story!
 A delightfully surprising book. Ploy twists keep you from putting it down.
 well done for a first novel
 ...and didn't want it to end!  Loved it!
 Good read- I just wanted to keep on reading!!
 Very good book. The suspense kept me on edge.
 Loved the book could not put it down
 Quick read. Holds your interest
 Somewhat predictable but not a bad read
 a well told story. Good characters.
 Loved this book.
 Great story. Loved the writing style. Kept me looking forward to reading more !!
 Great plot line but got lost in the sub-plots
 I really enjoyed this book.  kept me wanting more so I had a hard time putting it down.
 Great book. I finished the last half of it in a few hours as I couldn't stop reading...it has a great twist!
 Enjoyed this book very much.  Different story.  Food for thought about the justice system.
 A real page turner. If you like a good mystery this is for you.
 Tacky
 Most of the ladies in my book club really enjoyed it.
 Great story , very well written with wonderful detail to character development. Very much enjoyed and look forward to more books from this author.
 Great Story...fast paced. Loved it. Read it in two sittings!
 Started strong but finished short of the mark.
 Loved this book more than i thought, i read it for a book club and have recommend it to several people.
 Loved it! Well written, great descriptions. Heartwarming story of a young man's determination to find the truth.
 This is a really good book. Once you get started you won't want to put it down. Great story and well written.
 Great read.
 Very hard to put down and a quick read!, Characters are very well-developed and likable. Suspenseful many twists and turns.
 Great read!
 Couldn't put it down.
 This book was very hard to put down.  I read it in one afternoon.  Keeps you on the edge of the seat.
 Great read
 This was really well done  - better than most and a great first effort!
 Too predictable
 The book was intriguing as it kept you guessing on what would happen next.  Hard to put down
 This book opened slowly but grabbed my attention and I could not stop reading to the end. I loved it!
 This is my first read by this author. The story really makes you think and it doesn't turn out the way you think. Great ending.
 Thought it was very good
 Loved it, read it in one day.  Came back to Amazon to see if he had other books and sadly discovering that this was his first - hopefully first of many!!!
 Good read
 This book held my attention from the first few paragraphs and never let go! Plot twists and turns made it difficult to put down.
 Interesting but a bit dark.
 Don't start this book until you gave several hours of free time. It's. A delightful page turner and is impossible<br/>to put down once you've started it.
 The Life We Bury had me hooked from the start. Great read!! I highly recommend reading this book. Great great story
 Great book page turner.  Exciting and scary at the same time
 AWESOME story and characters, not to be missed.
 A good read beginning to end.
 Loved this book!
 Good book.
 Excellent and entertaining. Enjoyed story and chapters.
 The ending was easy to guess but it was good for a quick read
 It was a good beach read. Pretty predictable but still keeps your interest.  Wouldn't rush out for it however - thanks
 Great read!!!
 Good read
 An enjoyable quick read. Interesting characters.
 Inventive spin on a murder mystery
 Good story. Predictable and wordy at times.
 Great book. Enjoyed every page.  The ending was wonderful.
 Profoundly and enticingly written, couldn't put it down! Can't wait for Eskens' next to come out in October!
 This was one of those rare (for me) can't-put-down books. Great well written story. I liked it. You should, too!
 Very quick and easy read that kept me in suspense. Just the right Amount of details to paint the picture without getting too graphic and gory.
 A great read to restore ones belief that wonderful people with values and morals still exist.  The subtle twist of romance is nice too.
 What a terrific mystery thriller.
 This book is well written it roped me in and I couldn't put it down.<br/>The character were interesting.  A very interesting plot.
 This was an entertaining story but somewhat predictable. The writing style was perhaps intentional to be that of a college student using too many adjectives.
 Very enjoyable read
 It was a great story and easy read.
 Loved this book. Story of true love without the expectation that it be returned.
 Excellent read
 No thanks
 Kept my interest the dntire time. Good easy read
 I figured it out quickly, but I still really enjoyed the story and characters.
 I very much enjoyed this book and the character development.  It was thoroughly entertaining and kept you guessing until the end.
 enjoyed it very much
 Excellent read!
 I haven't read a great book in a long time.  I couldn't put it down. Loved it
 It grabbed me from the first chapter.  Highly recommend!!
 One of the best books I have read in a while.
 This was a fast moving, well-written book.  Everyone in my book club gave it a rating of 4 or 5.  It was fun to have a book that I did not want to put down until I got to the end.
 Loved it.
 Riveting. Engaging. Refreshing. Be prepared to stay up late reading. You won't want to put it down.
 really good book right up to the end
 This book was fantastic. I couldn't put it down.
 Great!
 Too much like a Lifetime movie but not a bad read
 One of the best books I have ever read
 I almost always judge a book by its cover, it's what you do, don't lie, you know you do it too. I loved the eerie cover, so I gave it a shot. The writing caught me good! The way that Carl is described and the mannerisms that he carries, I loved it! I wasn't surprised about the relationship between the two, that's all I'll say about that. I loved the two different stories about his personal life and the biography coming into the story. I'd recommend this to anyone who loves a murder mystery.
 Read this book for our Book Club. It was a great read and we all enjoyed the book and had a great discussion.
 I liked the characters and just the different storyline.  It was a fast read.
 I loved it!
 Thoroughly engrossing!  Would definitley recommend.
 Engaging, page turner with a powerful exciting story.
 Loved it . Can't wait till the next one.
 Life changing events.
 I really was surprised at how much I enjoyed this! Easy and quick read, but definitely worth it! Give it a try!
 Kind of predictable but nice, fast paced read.
 Read this one in 3 days. Really did NOT want to put it down. Impressive and smart, young and dark, but still oddly uplifting. Loved it.
 Great story about redemption and family dysfunction/responsibility.
 Great read! A page turner, for sure!
 Great book. Enjoyed the story line. Do not be judgemental. You want to be angry, but in the end you have respect for all involved. An ending you will not see coming.
 One of those great books that you can't put down. Really unexpecting as far as how things happen. Definitely recommend!
 Captivating story about redeeming one's past.
 It stumbled a bit
 Loved it!!!
 This was a good read which hooked me early and kept me interested. The characters are well developed as the story unfolds and fleshed out and believeable.
 It was a good read, but when the author tells the story from the first person, the reader knows the protagonist will be okay
 Great book! Allen Eskens hooks you as soon as you begin reading.
 Liked how Eakins developed the characters
 Action lacked tear jerker! Very believable caracters. Did want to put it down for a single minute. Looking forward to reading more by this author .
 I found this book to be very interesting, enjoyed the suspense. It was a good quick read, with short and interesting chapters.
 Read it start to finish, couldn't put it down. Really liked the characters. Wish there were more by this author.
 A captivating read, hard to put down. I loved the characters.
 Well written and spell binding. The author keeps the reader guessing. It's one of those books one can't put down but yet doesn't want to finish.
 Loved this book! I can't wait to read more by this author!
 This was a book which speaks to so many if not most of humanity. We all have something to hide. It was well written &amp; a good read.
 Great read! I couldn't put it down.
 I really enjoyed this book and highly recommend, it was interesting and a twist at the end, it was a fast read
 Attention holder, some surprises along the way...good read.
 Excellent
 Fantastic enthralling read
 Thought provoking.  Hard to put down.
 Story line keeps you in suspense.  A real page turner for me.
 Very good story with some good mystery.
 Couldn't put it down.
 I could hardly put it down. Great setting with interesting characters. I look forward to seeing more from this author.
 The book was a good, quick read. Had some good twists and was good to the end.
 This book grabs you from the beginning and makes you want to know more.
 Thoroughly enjoyable read!
 I loved this book.good story and great characters
 I couldn't put this book down! Very good read!
 Excellent book!
 Great book.
 Well written although T the ending became a bit far fetched it was an overall easy read.
 There is a good story in this book but it was written like a schoolboy drama, therefore became predictable and trite.
 Perfect for a travel day read. Easy to pick up and leave again. Good twists,  clever plot. Grass roots detective work, autism, a dying hero/villain.
 Great book. Kept me interested the whole time.
 This is a must read. It is a real page turner.
 This book is amazing.  If this isn't turned into a screenplay, I'd be shocked. I couldn't put it down.
 A wonderful story idea that devolved quickly into a predictable thriller
 Excellent book
 Spellbinding story draws the reader in quickly.  It has a few weak plot twists, but interesting characters with buried secrets.
 One of the best books I ever read.  Kept me very interested.
 Entertaining
 I enjoyed the book. Good character development but maturity of main character versus actual age was a little unrealistic
 Very enjoyable story about a college kid who stumbles on a mystery and how he works through it on top of helping his family through their problems.
 Really enjoyed this book. Easy to read and kept me interested the whole time.
 Amazing book... intriguing and suspenseful
 great read
 Predictable, nothing too surprising.  A quick, easy read.
 One of the best books I've read in  long time!
 Very interesting and sometimes suspenseful.
 Great Book!  I loved the characters, suspense and the plot.
 Good and fast read.
 Loved it! Couldn't put it down!
 This book had great characters. I read it in two train delay sittings
 Accurate scale
 Liked the style of his writing.<br/><br/>I couldn't put it down.
 Excellent! Well written and kept me up well into the night, hard to put this one down! I definitely recommend this book!
 Excellent Book
 The print was too small.
 This book is well written, great prose. Characters well developed and description of scenes really good.  Great read! Enjoyed it
 Not for anyone under 16 I would say. Adult content.<br/>I enjoyed the ability of the author to pull me into the story.
 Kept me totally engaged!
 Suspenseful/ keeps your attention/ Nice twists
 A very enjoyable read.
 Easy and enjoyable to read  I had difficulty putting it down. Recommend for entertaining time
 Book to a friend who loves it.
 Interesting read.  The writing was a bit awkward at times but overall an entertaining book.
 This book is extremely well written with great character development. It grabbed my attention and kept it until the very last page!
 We used this book for our book club.  We all loved it!
 Great premise. Starts strong but does include a dull "chase" scene. Fun, quick read.
 Very entertaining read.
 I totally enjoyed the book.  It caught me right at the beginning.
 Great.
 This book is amazing! Very well written and plot was captavating
 A heartwarming story with a little suspense.
 I enjoyed the book as our book club of 6 women also enjoyed the book.  We would recommend it to others.
 A page turner.
 Well written story, page turner without a doubt.<br/>Audible Narration by Zach Villa is great!
 Great writing, nail biting end<br/><br/>The author did a great job. This is the first time reading and will look forward to reading more from this author
 Well written thriller
 I don't understand all the glowing reviews for this novel. The plot is so predictable and unbelievable: boy meets girl, boy falls in love with girl, boy and girl are determined to prove the innocence of a convicted killer, etc., etc. I give it "Two stars" because the writing style is solid and the writer manages to keep the story moving along. Other than that, there's not much here to recommend.
 Narrator, story line and characters were very one dimensional. Let's just call this The Book We Bury. Reads like it was written by a college sophomore.
 Interesting story with a good twist.
 This was one of the best books I've read in awhile! Loved it!
 A really good read.!
 Good easy read with twists and surprises.,perfect for a snowy day or by the beach.
 I was hooked from page 1.  Could not put the book down!
 A pretty good read, although somewhat predictable.
 Love reading the book it kept my interest all the way to the end
 Great book.
 One of the best books I've read in quite a while.
 The book kept my attention all the way through.
 Great premise &amp; characters.....quick read!
 It was a pretty good story but a bit far fetched. If you want a light read and a story that moves along this one is for you.
 Awesome read. I forgot that the book is a work of fiction.  I was rooting for the characters right throughout.
 A quick and enjoyable read.
 This book was engaging from the get go. The plot develops well and although the conclusion takes a little to get to, it was a satisfactory
 Great book in great condition. Thank you.
 Starts out slow but then really gets moving and could not put down!
 A page turner, that is for sure.  This book kept me interested until the very end.  I look forward to the author's second book later this year.
 Great story, great read !
 Great book.. couldn't put it down
 Great easy read. Fun to listen to a book that mentions my hometown! Narration is monotone on the audio book but you get so into the story you don't mind it.
 Great listen. Couldn't stop listening.
 Quite enjoyed the story and characters and the twists and turns. It took a while to figure out who did the deed.
 Great book!!  Kept my interest, could not put it down!!
 Good story and characters, fair writing. Entertaining read.
 Great book!
 One of the best reads this year!!
 Wonderful. I was right there every minute!
 Just a nice summer read,kept me involved all the way through
 Very interesting characters,. totally got hooked wondering what would happen next
 Awesome book! Read in one day!!!
 Excellent!!
 I found this book to be well written, with very good character delvelopment.
 Amazing story. Very realistic.
 This was an enjoyable read.  Got into the characters.  Would like to read the second book when it comes out.
 Awesome book
 Great descriptions
 A good read with twists and turn to keep me reading nonstop for hours! I will be sure to look for other titles by this author.
 Great book. I really enjoyed it. The writing and story line carried throughout the book and never left me bored, I can't wait for<br/>Allen Eskens next book.
 This book kept my interest, right to the ending.
 Good book! An easy read that had me hooked from the beginning!
 An excellent murder mystery of the most non-traditional sort.  A good read, hard to put down,
 It started out very interesting. However I feel it lost its way towards the end.
 Very good story, I enjoyed the book.
 The writing got better after the first few chapters. I enjoyed the characters- complex and interesting. Suspenseful! Read it in a day!
 great concept and story
 Kept your interest, and good character develpment.
 This book was a pleasant read with a few surprise twists. I will read this author again.
 Fabulously riveting novel. I really love this author and his characters. It's good to have a novel set in Minnesota too.
 An awesome read
 Outstanding Book......
 This book is a good read that was interesting, a page turner with a good plot. The reader will start out believing one thing only to find out, well I don't want to spoil it for you but....the plot thickens! It is a page turner for sure. I am sure this happens more than we care to know.
 It's a little predictable as far as the storyline, but still very entertaining. The Carl character is very very well developed.
 Fast moving.  Good beach book
 Much more than I expected!
 Great read
 Great book!!  Definitely recommend reading it!
 It was pretty good. Enjoyed it.
 Love love love this book!
 very well written
 Fun to read but not the thought provoking read I thought it'd be from the description. Quick easy mystery read.
 Book started out sort of slow, but by the end you can't put it down. Written quite well. Would recommend.
 Good read
 Really excellent read. : good topic &amp; many twists!
 Good read. Suspenseful
 Good but pridictable.worth reading.
 Excellent book. Very fast shipping!
 good novel for a first timer--look forward to more of his work.
 Great read!
 Amazing!
 Good story - too wordy and drags in spots
 Enjoyed it very much.
 GoodBook
 fair
 Awesome book!!
 Great book.  Good story line.
 great
 Good read! Fast paced and holds your attention.
 Great
 Good read
 Very engaging book.  Lots of twists and turns.
 Hard to put down once you start reading!  Loved it!
 Decent, but predictable.
 Fast paced.  Quick read.
 Loved this book
 Too grafic &amp; too much bad language...  I did finish reading the book.
 Very Good for first attempt.I enjoyed it.
 Great book, well written great pace.
 :loved it
 Wonderfully written .
 Very suspenseful book!
 Very poignant read
 Well written.  Loved the characters.  Surprised I haven't heard more people talking about it.  I have recommended to many.
 Kept me rushing back to my book
 I look forward to reading more of Allen Eskens.
 Kept me guessing. I recommend this book
 Story held my attention, it was a great Book Club book!
 Well written, fast and exciting read.
 This was a book I couldn't put down. I loved how it kept you guessing. And the ending was perfect!
 This was a great and fast read! Bit had me gasping and laughing out loud at times.  I totally recommend it.
 Good read
 Overall I enjoyed it. I thought the ending was a little too easy.
 Amazing.
 Good read...well done!
 Contains all the elements  necessary to make a thrilling yet heart warming page turner!  Well done Mr Eskens!  I loved this Story,
 One of the best books I have read!
 I picked this book for our book club &amp; it's great.  Easy read, suspenseful!! Couldn't put it down!
 Liked that every person had a secret story to tell.  The secrets were important to solving the murder.  Happy ending.
 Absolutely amazing!  Read the entire book in 3 days!  Couldn't put it down!
 A page turner
 This was a wonderful book! I would definitely recommend it!
 Fun and you just have to keep turning the page.
 I enjoyed it kept you guessing .
 I couldn't put this book down once I started to read it.  This is one of the best books that I have read in a long time!  It is a must read.  The twists and turns will keep you turning the pages.
 Thought this was a very good mystery.
 Great writing style and good flow. Went places I did not anticipate. Definitely worth reading.
 Very good. A real page turner.
 The direction the author chose to go in the last half of the book was really disappointing.
 Could not put it down!!
 Hard to put down.  Well written, good story.
 Nice package and great book! Just as I expected!
 Great read, couldn't put it down!
 Everyone in our Book Club enjoyed this book.
 Definite page turn-er.  Twist after twist.<br/>Fell in love with all the main characters.  Thank you for keeping me entertained.
 Very interesting with all that was going on.
 Kept me interested
 Couldn't put this book down.  Loved it
 Good page turner
 Loved this book. Hard to put down. Great bookclub discussion book,
 This is a great debut novel from a promising young writer. Realistic story, real characters, good plot.
 Somewhat predictable but still a great read.  Highly recommend.
 enjoyed very much.
 Good plot and interesting characters
 Awesome!
 Fabulous read.....wonderfully written with unusual story and twist to the ending.
 amazing book! Such a page turner
 it was just okay.
 Good book!
 Good read.
 Fast delivery. Book appears brand new. Thanks!
 Fast paced.Well written. Clever plot. Beautiful use of language.
 Although it was a page turner , I thought the book seemed sophomoric. There were too many improbable  scenarios .
 Good read.
 AN EXCELLENT BOOK.  IT ENDED TOO FAST.  A DEFINITE "MUST READ!!!"
 Highly recommend
 Great read! Hard to put down!
 I enjoyed the story very much. It kept me very interested, and I didn't want to put it down.
 LOVED this book! I was kept in suspense while reading beautifully written prose.
 Great read
 Mr. Eskens, you have a gift, please continue writing!  I am looking forward to getting my hands on your next book.
 Great read!
 This book certainly kept me interested, a real page-turner. Well-written and compelling.
 Great read
 Loved the time spent reading this book, it moved right along.  Many surprises.
 Well written.  Keep me guess until the end.
 I loved this book. The life We Bury was a great all around read!
 Interesting characters and an twisting plot that keeps you turning pages. I expect more exciting works from this author. Enjoy.
 Yes. Buy some parts quite imaginatove
 Loved it!
 the book was a gift--don`t know how to rate it
 Good overall book. Would recommend.
 Thoughtful storyline with an adrenaline pumping climax. A tribute to unsung veteran heroes. Friendly and clever writing. Touches of humor.
 Very readable.  Interesting plot and storylines.
 This was a great read!  Perfect book for a vacation - I read it in less than a week, easily.
 Met all expectations!  Was an excellent book!!
 Loved it! It hooked me right from the beginning!
 Awesome book!  Loved the characters.
 A bit polly-anna'ish, but a good story.  Easy read...
 Good read!
 Great quick easy read!
 Good
 Liked this multistory book great writer and a read you didn't want to put down til the end.....5 stars
 I rarely read nonfiction, but I really enjoy this style and pace.  Quite realistic and did a great job at building and keeping my attention
 Loved the story line  and the charterers in the book.
 Absolutely loved this book!
 I loved this book.  The writing was clear and concise, the storyline interesting, as were the characters.  Couldn't put it down.
 It was a great read. Kept me interested right up to the last page. I would recommend this book .
 Very good. Interesting twists.
 A great read.  Could not put the book down.
 Quick read. Good story
 Language gets a little too flowery now and again as though the author thought "I need to throw in a simile or metaphor to appear literary."  This was chosen for our book club and the one consistent comment was that Joe (main character) needed to be a few years older and perhaps have a military background of some sort.  His fighting abilities and escapes from danger (keeping the reader on the edge of one's seat) just seemed a bit improbable for a young college student who had a stint as a bouncer.<br/>Otherwise, the book was received very well; the action moved quickly and unlike some horrific crime stories, all got what they deserved in the<br/>end!!
 great weave of stories
 Nice book, too expected story with a lot of cliché
 Great book!
 Very good
 Remarkable and talented writing with a hard-to-put-down plot.  I loved it.
 Best book i have read in awhile. Quick read and kept you interested the whole way.
 Very suspenseful, wanted to keep reading.
 easy read. little predictable.
 Not to bad.
 Good book
 It is a good book. It keeps you on your toes of who is the murderer.
 Totally enjoyable.
 Writing and the story was ok. Quick read.
 Could not put the book down!
 An excellent book. Would recommend it unconditionally.
 Allen Eskens has written a well paced mystery.  Great plot with well written sentences, wonderful characters and a surprise around every turn.
 Fairly predictable.  I was able to get through it in two days.
 Loved this book
 excellent.....
 Great read!
 This is a great summer read. Loved the characters and the story development, plus the ending. I can't wait for Eskens' next book!
 Really enjoyed the  Book  and the take of the justice  system
 Interesting read...don't miss this one
 Great novel.  Just enough mystery without being over the edge.
 This book was a great read!  Loved it!
 It was well written. However the end was all to predictable.
 Very Good Book. Well Written.
 Engaging story!  Couldn't put it down.
 Suspenseful to the last page! Excellent...
 Great book, kept me reading all night
 Loved. Great story that has many twists and turns. Highly recommend.
 The author kept me on the edge of my seat with his storytelling.  I look forward to reading his next book.
 Writing was well-done. Storyline was similar to  common mistakes by law enforcement during the setting of book .
 Loved it
 Boring one dimensional characters, tedious story line.  I just could not conjure up any sympathy or any of these people, not even the autistic Jeremy.  A thriller it was not and I didn't care about what happened to any of them.  total waste of reading time.  It's a mystery to me that it got such high ratings!  I'm80% through the book and will finish it just to see if my reading time was worth it.
 Such an amazing book it keeps you enthralled until the very end!
 It was a good suspenseful novel. It was a good read for a cold, snowy, windy day.
 If you like fast moving mysteries, I recommend this book.  Excellent light summer reading.  Just the right length.  A college assignment gets in deeper than the student anticipated.  Complicated by his responsibility to a younger autistic brother, the hero faces many challenges as the story evolves.
 Excellent
 Great read!
 I didn't want to put it down.
 This book was fantastic, read it in two days!
 Couldn't put it down, twists and turns but in the end pretty predictable,  Good first novel
 excellant read
 Absolutely great read!
 Excellent read!
 Great book, well written and suspenseful.
 Pretty good, a little predictable. Overall a good read.
 Fast moving; difficult to put down.
 Once I started the book, I couldn't put it down!
 loved this book.....
 Good
 Wonderful writing. Tightly knit plot development but with unexpected twists.
 I thought the book was great. It flowed nicely and kept my interest at all times.
 A fast read but it kept me going. A little predictable.
 Kept me interested through the entire read. Such a descriptive voice to bring fully in to the storyline. Great work!
 This book was fairly cliched and predictable. Not terrible but I'm surprised by all the 5 star reviews...
 Loved this book...not a difficult read but grabbed my attention right away and kept it throughout the book.
 Well written book that I couldn't put down.
 Excellent book with decent suspense and surprise. I enjoyed reading<br/>It and look forward to more from this author soon.
 This book was a great read!<br/>I highly recommend.
 I couldn't put it down
 Good story, slightly predictable. Enjoyed the MN connection.
 Read this one!
 Gripping; can't leave until the end.
 Excellent book.  I couldn't put it down.
 Extremely well written. A beautiful story of what it means to live.
 Very clean and nice
 I enjoyed this book recommended by a friend who got to meet the author.  I can't wait for his next book!
 Well written and a compelling story. Kept me reading long into the night
 I really like this book, it was written well and kept my attention.
 What an awesome book!
 I hope they make this into a movie.
 Amazingly written
 Spellbinding book.  Could hardly put it down until finished!
 Quick, entertaining read
 This was a great read. I was hooked from the very first page. Very suspenseful!
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book. Didn't want to put it down.
 very good read
 Characters are engaging and easy to follow.
 Great book!!
 Enjoyable read!
 Well written, good character development, great pacing.
 Page turner - enjoyed it very much and will look for this author in the future.
 I loved this book
 Very good!
 Couldn't put it down! Great read!
 Very good
 Not bad, but a little too contrived.
 I loved this book, it had some good twists, suspense and a satisfying ending.
 Great suspenseful book! Was hard to put down. Loved the writing style too!
 Loved it!
 Great read!  I couldn't put it down.
 I really enjoyed this! Hard to put down!
 Incredible read! You know you're in for a ride immediately. Highly recommend!
 Good
 the book was good.  He's a good writter
 This book is on my top 5 list.  It was a well written story that was non stop with drama.  It is a "must read"
 I loved this book!  It kept me on the edge of my seat!  Great story.
 very good, very realistic, couldn't stop till the end, read late into the night.
 Loved it!  Kept me wanting to read it from the get go!
 I really enjoyed this book, so much so, that I purchased his newest release.
 Wonderful read - keeps you wanting more
 Fast and easy to read, a little predictable
 Good story. Think before you judge.
 Good book
 Excellent book!
 very good for girst novel
 A bit unrealistic but, couldn't put it down.
 Good read.
 Good
 Could not put it down.
 Enjoyed the author,s first book. Kept me interested til the very end. I look forward to his second book.
 A good book revealing secrets and  finding we all need redemption.
 great read!
 Interesting read.
 Excellent
 Well written. Engaging. Interesting characters.
 Really enjoyed this book
 a bit predictable
 Excellent read!
 Easy read...Allen Eskens novel is intriguing and not easily put down once started
 Incredible
 Good first novel-kept me engaged
 Totally great book.  Couldn't put it down.
 So well written.  Moves quickly. Loved this book
 Superb thriller. I enjoyed reading it
 Keeps you locked in!
 Loved it
 Great book!
 Beautifully written with memorable characters!
 Excellent book. Very well written.
 Kept me going from the beginning!
 Engaging read!  Very well written by author with an interesting and identifiable story.  Good characters.
 Just ok. I guess not my type of book. Couldnt get into it.
 OK story.
 Great, fast read! Really enjoyed it
 One of the best reads I've had all year! A well written piece that you won't want to put down.
 Awesome read
 Very captivating
 good reading
 Great read. Loved the characters and the story line. Highly recommend.
 Very good read
 I enjoyed it very much!
 I loved it
 I could not put this book down! Wow, a page turner for sure! The author has a real gift for twist and turns!!!
 Well written and kept my interest.
 It was a page turner.  I recommended it to several people.
 I loved it.
 Kindle sacks are a great way to get a feel for a book , the sample was well written and descriptive and intelligent enough to make me buy it. It was nice lazy summer afternoon read with a cup of tea before a nap. The details of major moments like his escape from the car, the survival clothes he made, different environments: his mothers house, DJs house, snow filled scenes etc were ok to good. Some of the characters like Jeremy and his mum I felt connections with but the 2 main characters were a little beyond belief. Pity that 3/4 way through the plot became quite thin and the characters actions a little unbelievable - became a tweenie adventure movie  with kids taking on violent full grown psychopaths -and getting away it all Hmnm
 Good condition and excellent story
 Very good book!  Recommended to friends...Started reading on Friday and finished on Saturday.
 I did not want to put this book down, great read. Looking forward to Allen's next book.
 It was Ok.
 Another good mystery!
 Great book!  Loved the characters. Page turner for sure.
 I just finished this book last night.  Loved it.  Lots of interesting backgrounds on each character.  Can't wait for his next book!
 Great read! have told my friends!
 Best book I have read this year!
 Well written and interesting story!
 I couldn't put this book down.
 Great book
 Excellent read!!  Highly recommended ☺️
 Held my attention right from the start!
 Very captivating wanted to not put it down
 Chose it for my book club and everyone loved it.  anxiously awaiting his next book.
 Loved the book.
 I enjoyed reading this book, I thought the author wrote so well, one could imagine oneself being there looking on.
 Loved it!
 Interesting! Hard to put down.
 I thought it the story began well, but evolved into a familiar pattern with no surprises.
 Loved it.
 Fantastic story. Well crafted.
 Keeps you on the edge of your seat....a one night read!  Amazing hero and great development and texturing of other characters
 Love this book !!
 Excellent! Kept me hooked till the very end!
 Sensational!  I could not put it down, I was hooked from the first page!
 Good
 I didn't like it.
 I really enjoyed the writing style, which is fast, to the point, but still with a lot of depth.
 I enjoyed this book.
 It was a fantastic book!!!
 Awesome book.
 Great read! Couldn't put it down!
 Loved it! Could bit put it down!
 This book had me hooked from the beginning but as I read on....well I was having difficulty believing in the characters and the events in the story.  If you're interested in having a quick, non-meditating read, then this is the book for you.  Otherwise, be prepared to be disappointed if you're expecting a storyline with well developed characters and a meaningful plot.
 I thought this was a great read!
 Though the book started out fairly strong, by the time Joe was stumbling through a blizzard (having freed himself from shackles, the trunk of a car, and a hail of bullets) I was disheartened there were enough pages left that I knew he would make it out alive.  The conclusion of this book was so cliched and unbelievable I was literally rolling my eyes.
 Well written
 It was a great book, very engaging!
 Just ok.
 Good Mystery....well written.
 Could not put this down! A great read!
 Good Book -
 Great book.
 Good read
 Very good! It was a thriller and kept you guessing until the end! Quick read also!
 I enjoyed it
 Captivated me!  Page turner!  Great escape,exciting. Dangerous ,
 Really enjoyed this book
 Good read. Hard to put down.
 Excellent read.
 A very refreshing story.  Keep on writing Mr. Eskens.
 Great beginning and end..just didn't like the craziness in the middle.too unbelievable
 Great read! Regular-people characters that rise to the challenge.,
 Getting his next book,  Couldn't put this one down.
 Fast interesting read! Loved it
 the makings for a suspenseful movie.
 Couldn't put it down. Loved it.
 Great book. Highly recommend it. Real page turner
 Excellent!!
 this was my choice for bookclub and all enjoyed it!!!
 excellent first novel
 Loved the story..
 Excellent book
 Very good book!
 enjoyed this title.
 Great story! A must read!
 I am a "wait for the movie" guy, but this book was awesome.  I could not stop!!!!<br/>It truly was freaking great!!!
 Thoroughly enjoyed.
 Exciting from page 1 .  Loved it !
 Very predictable. A good start, but it fell apart and became trite.
 It was a great book. Kept me turning page after page!
 Good read!
 While this book was ok, I do not understand all the stellar reviews and exclamations of awe. The plot was a little thin, the characters not fleshed out, and even the twist was a bit predictable. All I can say is if people give this 5 star reviews, what do they give truly amazing books? This was Lifetime Movie quality writing... definitely nothing more. I can't say I trust any Amazon reviews any longer. You don't even have to trust mine. Read it yourself, if you want to. But there are more excellent books out there than one can ever read in a lifetime. Surround yourself to those; leave the mediocre on the shelf.
 Good book couldn't put it down!
 fun read
 V good story &amp; really well written
 Really good.
 Loved this book
 Great book!
 Excellent book from beginning to end.
 Excellent!
 I was hooked after the first paragraph.  A well written suspense!
 Great story and well written
 Loved it
 The book was full of surprises at very turn of the page. A must read for those who love suspense.
 Great read!  Keeps you engaged throughout the story.  Wishing for more!
 Great
 Excellent book. Enjoyable reading. Intriguing story line.
 Definitely enjoyed the booh
 Loved it, held my interest.
 I enjoyed it!
 Couldn't put it down. Can't wait for "In the path of the beast". Lots of human interest and information. Loved it!
 Would make a pretty good movie.
 This is a book you won't be able to put down!!  I loved it!!!
 I loved the Minnesota connection.
 Loves this book!
 Very well written
 Good book. Kept my attention :)
 Fast easy captivating read
 The novel was well-written but simple and predictable
 Excellent book one that you cannot put down!
 Couldn't put it down!
 Great read, couldn't put it down.
 boring predictable life
 Couldn't put it down, read it in one long afternoon.  The twists &amp; turns kept me intrigued through the end.  Excellent!
 Enough twists to keep my interest
 It was like reading noir written by an untalented college sophomore. The story was predictable. If I didn't respect the women in my book club so much I would have quit a quarter of the way into the book.
 The book started off good but as the protagonist begins to unravel the mystery and take detective work into his own hands it loses the plot. The end was predictable and full of cliches. I didn't even bother finishing the book
 Awesome!!!!
 Iv read twice. Very good
 Great read..
 It was so good.
 Great Book! Could not put it down!
 Great book! I really enjoyed it.
 Great book!
 Loved it!
 Good read.  Dragged out ending though.
 Excellent; a 'must read'!
 A gift but in line to read it when they are finished with it.  A good purchase and I like softcover books this size.  I wish when making a purchase though I think this was a new book.  When buying second hand there was a way to distinguish  paperbacks to the larger size what I call softcover cover books.  This book was perfect.
 Great read!
 Love this book
 Great book! I couldn't put it down until I finished it.  😀
 I really enjoyed this book. I could hardly put it down. I can't wait for the next one to come out.
 Great book, I read this in two days!
 A few scant weeks ago, I announced that I consider Garth Stein 's A SUDDEN LIGHT the best book of 2014. I stand by that, but I'm declaring THE LIFE WE BURY as also best book of 2014. This novel is so tacitly cohesive, so absorbing, so perfectly yielding clues and suspects by manipulating different viewpoints, without telegraphing, letting the different characters bring the story. It's immensely engrossing, and perfect.
 Great read!
 Great characters !
 Good, easy read. Interesting with fun plot twist. Definitely recommend.
 Very suspenseful. Good storyline!
 Very well written-could not put it down-
 An easy entertaining quick read. Great vacation book.
 Excellent!  A must read!
 A compelling read, beautifully written.
 Predictable and full of unnecessary explanations, trying to give a valuable profile of the main character.... a lot of BS around him and he is still Mr good BraveHeart. the author portraits Joey as a perfect young man, no matter how much crap he deals with.. he's heart is untainted.. free of mistakes or evil thoughts...
 great book I really enjoyed it!!!
 Really enjoyed this book
 I enjoyed this  book so much that i had a hard time putting it down Very Good
 Great book
 I enjoyed this book very much.
 Was a great read!
 Very good reading.
 Enjoyable read - kept you captivated
 Great read!
 Very good read!
 great even if it was his 100th let alone that it was his first book...
 Amazing book cover to cover
 LOVED it! Main character reminded me of Dean Koontz' Odd Thomas...
 Couldn't put it down, waiting for the next book from this author.
 Loved it!
 very good reading
 A great read......would highly recommend!
 Thoroughly enjoyed book...
 Excellent first novel !
 Loved this book!
 Very enjoyable read!
 Good read
 This book was OK, but character development was not too good.
 I don't think people read amazon reviews to get a synopses of the story (read the publisher's summary) So I just give my opinion (and it's just that, an opinion.<br/>If you have ever read a book about  Viet Nam vets and their struggle and, quite separately, if you have every read a book that involved child abuse then whatever mystery the author intended is gone within the first 20 pages. So very predictable. It had the potential of a good plot, something with great mystery but really nothing more than something you've read before (and probably much better written).
 Great book
 Fantastic book.
 Loved the book.
 Very good read
 I read a LOT. I also teach English and journalism. That being said, I was extremely disappointed in this book, considering the various accolades I'd read on Amazon which led me to purchase it in the first place. I found the plot to be predictable; even the plot twists were predictable. The characterization was sophomoric at best and I was dismayed while reading about the autistic brother--I felt his character was so stereotypical it was insulting. (I teach an autistic kid, and while I know there are many different types on the spectrum, I felt the dialogue was insulting). Moreover, while the plot was fast paced, I always knew where it was going, and the explanations for many of the characters' motivations were so predictable that I thought the author had just finished a writing course. (Apparently he hasn't; this is not his first book). I wasn't happy to have bought it--my time is valuable and precious; I look forward to my summer reading. This did nothing for me.
 Margaret B.
 I loved this book!
 Great characters with a well written story. Very cool thriller.
 Very good
 I haven't had such an easy time reading a book in a while.
 Good read
 I’m not sure why Amazon recommended that I buy this book.  The writing was sophomoric, the plot unbelievable, and the characters’ behavior more than unbelievable.  The protagonist is a college student, but he behaves so stupidly, so naively, that he seems much younger.  (I’m not sure why the back story of the autistic brother and alcoholic mother was necessary, unless the author was being paid by the word.  It didn’t advance the plot, or give any real insight into the protagonists’ quixotic behavior.)
 Twenty-one-year-old Joe Talbert is trying to turn his life around, but the confining cage that has formed around him allows for little movement. He has never known who his father is. His mother is a long-time alcoholic who has become more and more violent, neglectful, and frequently disappears on benders or gets herself arrested. His younger brother, Jeremy, is autistic and needs almost constant supervision. Barely able to afford to do so, Joe leaves his home in Austin, Minnesota, "sneaking off like a boy running away to join a circus," to become a student at the University of Minnesota. The only English class open to him of any interest is a biography class in which he must "interview a complete stranger" because he doesn't want to interview his mom and there is basically no one else in his family who he knows. The thought occurs to him to go to a nursing home to interview a resident there... someone with a long life they can relate to Joe for his required class project, but his plan is dashed when he is informed that most of the residents "cannot take care of themselves. Most of them are suffering from Alzheimer's or dementia or some other neurological condition. They can't remember their own children, much less the details of their lives." There is, however, one exception. The Department of Corrections has paroled a prisoner and sent him to Hillview Manor because he is dying of pancreatic cancer--a convicted murderer who viciously "raped and killed a girl and then burned her body in a shed;" a real "monster" according to the Home's director. Joe Talbert's life is about to take a totally unexpected change of direction.<br/><br/>The Life We Bury (2014) is the startling and skillful debut novel by Allen Eskens. Eskens' writing is done with flare. His choices of descriptions are fascinating and vivid and bring to life both time and place. For example, when describing an old apartment building he focuses upon the smell of the place, not the physical structure or its condition. The "odor that permeates" the air gives visitors a "split second of corruption as the taint of decay hits them square in the face." His characters are both realistic and enticing; they are complex individuals whose actions and words often do not reveal their true motivation. The very title of the novel has within it a sense of metaphor. Joe buries "thoughts deep inside, hiding them where they would remain undusted." His mother's drinking and carrying-on reflects an unfulfilled life of deep-seated frustration. Joe's new neighbor, Lila Nash, hides a humiliating past and is an enigma--cold and elusive with Joe, but warm and out-going to his mentally impaired brother.<br/><br/>Foremost among the characters with a buried life is Carl Iverson--a former Vietnam veteran and decorated hero who, once accused of the heinous murder of Crystal Marie Hagen actually does all that he can to hasten his trial although doing so is likely to lend itself to him being found guilty. At Hillview Manor Iverson, who is in his mid-sixties but looks "closer to eighty," often refuses his pain medication just as he refuses chemo and spends every day just staring out the window. In Stage Four of his cancer, he may have "less than three thousand hours of life left to live." Surprisingly, after turning down requests for interviews for years, Iverson, knowing he is near death, agrees to be interviewed by Joe Talbert. He tells the young student: "this is my dying declaration. I don't care if anybody reads what you write. I don't even care if you write it down at all... I have to say these words out loud. I have to tell someone the truth about what happened all those years ago. I have to tell someone the truth about what I did."<br/><br/>Eskens unveils his story in adroit fashion as Joe, the novel's narrator, learns not only about Carl's past from the dying man, but from transcripts of his trial and a diary written by the victim, some of which is in code--code that was never broken or utilized in the trial. Joe talks to Carl's defense attorney who admits that "it seemed to me that Carl Iverson wanted to go to prison" and also meets a man, Virgil Gray, who served in Vietnam with Carl. Virgil is the sole individual who believes in Carl's innocence--Carl having risked his life to save Virgil in a firefight with the Viet Cong. Further conversations with Berthel Collins, the policeman on the original murder case, and conversations with Detective Max Rupert about the thirty-year-old case further fuels the air of intrigue surrounding Carl Iverson and the sadistic murder of an innocent young girl.<br/><br/>Half way through The Life We Bury it becomes obvious that the reader has been plunged into a full-fledged mystery. With Carl's enigmatic declaration that there is a difference between being a killer and a murderer and that he has been both, new evidence that is unearthed, and a second, previously untold terrifying story about an event in Vietnam in which Carl participated, Joe and Lila, become more and more certain that Iverson did not kill the Hagen girl. Even as events escalate in the tension between Joe and his mother over Jeremy's well-being, Joe and Lila set about to discover who is guilty of the teen's murder to clear Iverson's name before he dies. Adding to the allure of Joe and Lila's quest is another long-hidden story about Joe's youth--one that personally, obsessively drives him to uncover the truth.<br/><br/>Filled with unimagined revelations, staggering plot twists, unforeseeable violence, and unbridled suspense as time is running out for Iverson The Life We Bury and its readers are propelled by the author to an amazing conclusion--one which is guaranteed to both please and move even the most jaded reader. It is hard to conceive a more satisfying reading experience from a first novel (or many other mystery thrillers) than what Allen Eskens delivers in The Life We Bury.  In his "Acknowledgements" Eskens states a "follow-up novel tentatively titled In the Path of the Beast" is scheduled for release in the fall.]
 Couldn't put the book down.
 Very good
 Certainly a strange tale!  This is not a book I would read again.  A very different sort of story wiht some dark twists and turns.  Not a book for folks who have a hopeful view of life.
 Very good all the way through!
 An excellent read.
 I enjoyed this story very much. Loved the characters and the action.
 A decent suspense novel and a very quick read - however the college-aged voices (both in speech and in thought) are far too mature, a bit unbelievable for an 18-20 year old.<br/><br/>There are a few too many unbelievable interactions in the book, especially the police's patience and willingness to help a teenager writing a college article. There was little to no wrap up at the end, would have liked the book do dive a little deeper at times.
 This was a good start for Allen Eskens.  He developes characters very well.  The middle portion of the story was a bit labored, and a bit improbable.......... Still he's a "keeper".
 I have never written a review before but i've had lots of opinions about books I've read and just kept them to myself. I won't tell you what this book is about because you can read the blurb yourself. I'll just say that I've never been big on reading unknown authors (to me) but I am very glad I gave this book a chance. The writing just flowed and it was so hard to put it down. Loved the characters and never once did anything come off as unbelievable or phony. I'll be keeping my eye on this author. I don't think I impress easily but i was impressed.
 Loved it
 Awesome
 It was an ok book. It was easy to read.
 You can't put it down.
 I really liked this book.  I liked the storyline and the characters.  I definitely had trouble putting it down.  It really kept me involved and anxious to see what the outcome would be.  The only problem I had was towards the end where things got a little too chaotic and predictable.  It didn't seem to fit in with the rest of the story but, aside from that, I would definitely recommend it.
 Loved it!
 An easy fun read
 an incredible read with many twists and turns.  Eskens characters come to life with each page you turn.  Can still feel the chill of the Minnesotan winter during the climatic showdown.  Don't want to wait until fall of 2015 for next tale from this author.  Impressive debut
 Great read
 This was an excellent mystery. Wonderful writing and character development.  I'm looking forward to more books from this author! The story is paced well and has a lot of drama and suspense!  Reminded me of "The girl with the Dragon Tattoo" series....
 Great book!
 Great!
 This book is worth the read. It's not terrible in any glaring way and the characters are pretty well done. I thought the old guy's struggle with his demons was not really believable, but that's a minor point to the overall scope of the book.
 The story I read within the story is a 5. The one where you only ever write an outline that meanders all over the place. Where you are internally blocked from writing, yet some extrinsic motivation finds you and forces out snippets of good stuff and a lot of noise. The noise is the words on paper here. The 3 star Nancy Drew mystery for some young kids to solve. The 5 star is the idea behind it. Dwell on that and this is a thought provoking read about an author's struggle.
 Starts out strong but quickly devolves into a very predictable and unimaginative story.  Reads like a Hardy Boys Mystery book.
 Started with an interest premise, then turned into a "formula" script that in many places was not plausible.  Disappointing.  It could have been so much more interesting
 I read this book with my book club because it got good reviews on Goodreads for thrillers for book clubs. I will never understand why that is. It certainly was a thriller with a murder mystery and many twists and turns. It also is a book with truly bad writing. I can't count the amount of times I rolled my eyes or groaned during this book. The main character is simultaneously incredibly smart-- often figuring out stuff with almost no clues or hints, and other times having the biggest clues slap him in the face before he figures stuff out. There is a single female character who is the absolute least believably illustrated character. What I mean by that is that she is completely flat with no personality besides like *dream girl who says the perfect thing but is somehow troubled.* I would consider this student-level work, certainly not worth reading for fun-- more the kind of thing you'd read if your friend wrote it or if you were paid to as a teacher or editor...
 I bought this book because I assume the author was black. After buying it I started reading it and I was surprised at how good it was, I couldn't put it down. I really enjoyed it. Great read.
 My first but not my last read by this author. Simple but believe able plot, a few characters to account for, and written in a nice simple style. Great enjoyment. I highly recommend the book.
 The story comes alive in the second half with fast action and deduction.  I gave it three stars because the first half was boring with family conflicts that detracted from the basic story
 The Life We Bury is a book not to be put down once it's started. The story and the way it is so well written will hold all your attention and keep you reading all night until you reach the end.  SIX STARS!!!!
 After the first paragraph, which could have been plagiarized from any number of freshman composition students, the book settles into a mediocre narrative. The author does not know that "couple" can be a verb or a noun, but not an adjective.
 Excellent book with so many things to think about after you have finished it.  Inspiring, spiritual and an example to never give up especially as we live each day here on earth.
 I thought the plot was a little weak.  Knowing it was the Stepfather who killed her.  I was totally taken back when it turned out to be someone else.
 Just ok, no real depths to characters
 Incredible tale made difficult to read by juvenile writing and juvenile characters. If re-written, it might reach to a good read.  Otherwise, move on.
 So far I have only read about 3 chapters and plan to finish. But already the author has had his autistic character laugh a couple of times and to smile. My knowledge of autism is far from complete, but I thought one of the hallmarks of the condition is inability to show emotion. An autistic person may have an extremely flat affect. Help me out here. Anyone with knowledge of this, please step in and help me.
 This was a decent book, but pretty predictable.
 The plot was underdeveloped and predictable. It read as a watered down version of, "The Truth About the Harry Quebert Affair," by Joel Dicker. It's not a bad book per se, but one can find much better in this genre.
 Great book!  It is so well written.  Right from the start you are captivated by the story and the characters.  You won't be disappointed.
 I found this book confusing and confounding. To believe that a college age kid and his girlfriend could do what they did in this book is asking you, the reader, to lower your IQ to 40! If you decide to go ahead and see if I am right will cost you several hours of your life...be my guest.
 Had the makings of being an exceptional book.  Instead it turned out be OK, but you won't be missing out on anything by not reading it.
 I loved this story and the thread of redemption that runs through it. Great characters, and very engaging story. I highly recommend this book!
 This is an engaging read. Completed during two plane rides. Surprised at events towards the end. Won't spoil it for you. If you 2-4 hours and like light mystery's with a twist, give it a try!
 This book was a great story ! Beginning to end not one to many pages well done<br/>I would define recommend this book.
 A really good book.  Satisfying, plausible, a likable protagonist.  Good side stories.  I'll read his next one too.
 Likable and sensitive characters.  Well developed, tight and suspenseful story.  I was there all the way.
 A promising  writer but the book needed, for my taste, more depth in character development and a greater sense of urgency and tension.
 Although I enjoyed the book, the storyline was fairly predictable.  It dragged a bit mid way through but picked up toward the end.
 I found this story to be very predictable and far fetched. Stars off interesting, but then once you have read the first chapter you know exactly where the story is going as its been written a thousand times before. Boy meets girl, innocent man did lengthy prison sentence for a crime he did not commit, boy and girl manage to prove he is innocent because all the original witnesses confess everything to them, ( even though they were complete strangers)  and although there was a major cover up at the original court trials and nobody would say anything. Who knows why the people involved would do that?<br/>Characters are shallow, hard to really connect with. Everyone is in the right place at the right time so that everything  goes according to plan.<br/>I found it hard to finish this story as I knew what the ending was going to be anyway!
 Good Read I loved it and a great outcome
 So I haven't read a book in two days since Fifty Shades . . . .I could NOT put this book down!  LOVED IT
 The Life We Bury is an appropriate title as my life was put on hold to finish this really wonderful story.  I was hooked from the start and enjoyed every minute.  The characters were so real I could see them as I read.  A one word summary of the overall tone of the book would be absolution.  A must read!
 The idea started out interesting and then went into cheesy; after a while it seemed like I was in a Lifetime movie.  I like Lifetime movies and all; I just expect something different from books I read.
 An excellent book. I have recommended it to everyone that I know. Thanks!
 Excellent first novel and I immediately purchased the authors' second book. Anxious for more!
 If it were possible to add half a star I would say 3.5 would be the right number. While this is not my usual genre, I did enjoy the read. I felt quite a bit of the story was too much of a stretch to be believed. Nevertheless, the lead character, had great spirit and his affection for his brother won me over. Quite simply, he sets out to write a biography of a man accused of a brutal crime and ultimately to clear him of that crime.
 Great yarn spun by a talented spinner. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
 Thought provoking read.  I'm sure I will think of this story often.  Characters are relatable and likable.  Story draws the reader in and makes you want to know what happens next.  Well done.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book. I enjoyed the author's writing and content.
 A Must Read! You won't be disappointed..never judge anyone
 Good book, held my interest until the end.
 great read
 I did not enjoy the horrific violence in the book.
 THIS BOOK KEPT ME INTERESTED ALL THE WAY THROUGH IT!
 This is a wonderful story, stays with you. Kudos.
 We all carry baggage and there are things in our lives that we want to bury.  A good story with a worthy development of the characters.
 Not my favorite, but did manage to finish it.
 Surprises but well written unusual story.
 Awful. Bad writing, formulaic
 Enjoyable reading and fast paced but a bit melodramatic for the ending.
 I've given this a lot of thought and I actually do think this is the worst book I've read. I think he made every mistake possible. Reads like first year grad material from his mfa program.  The story is largely developed as characters tell long strings of exposition, which feels cagey because every character ends up having just the right amount of info to advance the plot. Becomes unbelievable pretty quickly. The characters also seem more like caricatures--each too extreme and not nuanced enough to be believable. The last chapters just about killed me the way everything got wrapped up neatly like a Disney movie.  Everyone is too clever. Dialogue is stiff. Too many adverbs, similes, metaphors. I could go on and on. Wasn't going to review but this window popped up in my kindle after the last page and said "what did you think?"  So...there ya go. That's what I think.
 Didn't get past chapter 1.
 Too predictable
 Compelling plot and well developed characters.
 Writing was decent, love story cheesy, editing error noted, crime story seemed like one I have heard before.  My book club read it and mentioned by multiple people that story seemed familiar.  Ok.
 THE LIFE WE BURY is an astoundingly good debut novel. Allen Eskens writes like a seasoned author. His prose flows easily and the author manages to keep the reader’s attention throughout the story. That said, there were two typos I noticed in the Kindle version, which is surprising to me considering the novel was published through Random House.<br/><br/>The story itself is good and well researched.<br/><br/>I found the plot a bit contrived, however, especially in the end. Nothing surprising really happens in the story, not even in terms of character development.<br/><br/>Nevertheless, THE LIFE WE BURY is a moving, well-written, and entertaining must-read from a talented novelist.
 The story develops easily and is believable with daily living events surrounding it.
 This is one of those "I cant put it down, stay up all night books" That just about says it all.
 Good reading.
 good read.
 Guess I'm in the minority here, but I was disappointed in this book. Too many strained metaphors, one-dimensional characters, predictable plot. Yeah, guess I didn't like it, though I really wanted to. I feel bad panning a book, because writing a novel can't be easy, and it somehow seems wrong to criticize something you yourself have never done and most likely couldn't. So, sorry, Mr. Eskens--it's just one woman's opinion and you know what opinions are like.
 Page turner
 very touching story.
 I was excited to read this book based on all the good reviews. The story is captivating and it is a quick read. However, i feel the author missed an opportunity to develop his characters beyond stereotypes, and explore in depth the complex issues of wrongful incarceration and Vietnam War PTSD. The characters are one-dimensional and the plot is not credible. And everything was tied up in a nice big bow at the end. I was entertained for a weekend, but was hoping for more.
 Full of suspense.
 Nice twist. Somewhat predictable, but the brother's relationship was well developed through the mutual one-sided relationship with their mother, a seriously selfish person.
 I really enjoyed this book.  Highly recommended for a pretty fast reed.  I will look to see if there are more books by same author.
 Great plot.  Characters are well developed.
 I'm a fussy reader. If I like a book I like it and if not, I just don't make myself read it. I really liked this book.
 The  story  brought out the strengths of the main character.  He was honest, empathic and courageous.  The honesty and perseverance with which he lived his young life was admirable.  I appreciated the integrity of the story and will most likely read it again at another time.
 The book was predictable but it had some twists so I'm giving it an extra star.  The characters were somewhat developed.  Not a fabulous, compelling read.
 Could all of that REALLY happen to one character? Not a very credible story but pleasant to read and kept moving forward.
 I rarely write reviews, but I believe it's my civic duty to save others from making the same mistake I have.  Please don't be fooled by these positive reviews.  Amateurish writing, unrealistic plot and characters that lack authenticity.  You know when you eat something that upsets your stomach, and you get a little nervous before you eat again.  Well, after reading this, I'm a little gun shy about picking up another book.  I am so disappointed in myself for wasting my precious time.
 I found it very predictable &amp; quite poorly written.
 An enjoyable read.
 Loved it!
 I really wanted to like this book and there were parts that I really enjoyed however by the end it was painful to read. It went from a semi compelling story to a totally predictable flop. The characters were ok until the end, I mean they had the ability to solve the puzzle but it seemed that common sense went right out the window as the story drew near.
 I could not put this down-kept my interest the whole time! My book club also LOVED it and everyone I suggest it to absolutely raves about it!
 Novel moves along but characters  and plot predictable and not realistic
 Great read
 It was good.  Interesting characters and fairly interesting plot.  The first 2/3 were better than the last 1/3.
 I really struggled to get through this book. The writing was simply not all that good. In fact in places I would say it was downright clunky. Way too much telling and not enough showing.
 Ugh! I'm mourning the precious hours of my life that I will never get back again. The first page held some promising literary merit, but it quickly fell apart and turned into a dime store novel with poor character development, plot twists that you could see miles beforehand, and less than artful use of language.
 I don't blame the author for a hackneyed story line, after all it's a murder mystery, how original can it possibly be?! But the writing is so stylistically poor that I was almost convinced the author was not writing in his first language. For instance, two young people are talking and the girl says: "... in my blood they found traces of a drug called Rohypnol" I guess she could have done worse if she called it flunitrazepam, but come on! A girl describing this horrible experience would probably say something like: "they roofied me", rather than quoting verbatim from a police report in a friendly conversation!
 This was a fast paced story and an enjoyable read. Being from southern minnesota I liked the familiarity of the setting.
 Holds your attention.
 Well written kept my interest from start to finish
 I enjoyed the energy of the story. And it was easy to care about the characters - they were real, fully-dimensional people. An entertaining read.
 Slow read and predictable.  i didn't finish it.
 It was an easy read but predictable and unlikely, in particular the ending. I liked the characters but parts were just not believable.
 It is a good read. Moves quickly. Not a difficult text by any means but enjoyable. I did recommend it.
 I have been looking for good suspense novel. Finally found one. I like the twists and turns of the story. It was an easy read. Finished  in one day because I couldn't put it down. Highly Recommend!
 I'd buy him again
 Good story with suspense and twists and turns. Proves good prevails over evil and so does kindness. I couldn't wait to find out what happened
 I liked the first half but didn't care for the last half.
 In looking over the many reviews written on this book, I'd say my own falls somewhere in the middle. I was up for a thriller/mystery, and this one had an artful cover and solid description (my top two criteria), but as I started reading, I did stumble on some of what the more negative reviews mentioned: clunky analogies written in overly descriptive, hyperbolic prose. I noticed this particularly at the beginning of the book, which pulled me out of the story enough that I stopped to check if this was a self-published book (sorry to make that connection, many self-published books are excellently written, but this kind of clunky writing is so often present in that demographic!).<br/><br/>But still, there was an earnestness to the story that kept me reading, and ultimately I got into it enough to want to see how it turned out. While certainly the narrative had predictable elements we've seen or read in other stories, I felt the heart of Joe's journey was true. The author painted a largely authentic image of the character's dysfunctional family, and there was a tenderness to his relationship with his autistic brother that was touching. The character of Carl was believable, as was Lila, the love interest, and while the villains in the piece were somewhat broadly drawn, I have no reason to believe people that evil don't exist or couldn't exist in a story such as this.<br/><br/>If anything beyond the clunky prose seemed a bit off, it was the "voice" of the protagonist. While he was described as a somewhat marginal student struggling through school while dealing with a challenging family situation, his verbosity, his turn of phrase, his general way of putting things felt more aligned with, I'd guess, the author's voice than the character's. At times he seemed TOO articulate, too artful in his speech and vernacular, which became a little confusing when trying to picture and imagine who he was as a person.<br/><br/>But even with all that, it ultimately held my attention. The mystery aspect was entertaining; the suspense, the violence, the cat &amp; mouse elements all kept me reading to the end. I liked the emphasis on the Innocence Project, a very important organization, and I felt he brought that believably into the story. All in all, I'd say it was a decent read. Not a great one, but a decent one.
 This book was a swirling mass of cliches. The characters were unidimensional and made poor decisions for unclear reasons. The portrayal of the autistic brother did not ring true and was a clumsy plot artifice. The motivations that drove the plot were threadbare and too glibly explained. The action in the story was well written and moved along speedily. Mostly it felt like a bare bones plot trying out as a movie treatment and not really a novel per se. The first person narrator was stiff and too self conscious and seemed to be more interested in seeking the reader's approval then telling the story. Overall, I found myself wincing and rolling my eyes at several points of the story and I finished it only because I was curious about the plot and whether it would improve. It did not.
 This book has so many twists and turns that you won't want to put it down. If you are into suspense, mystery, and the law.... this book is for you
 Poorly edited, and with a disappointingly simple and predictable plot. One of the few books I've regretted actually finishing, after giving it the benefit of the doubt.
 It's a mystery story that you cannot put down. You know something bad is going to happen, but you keep hoping for a happy ending.
 This is a talented author, I finished the book in a matter of 3 nights.  I'm looking for another from Eskens to start!
 I have to say I really enjoyed this book, despite the too tidy ending.  It was an interesting plot, kept me reading.
 I enjoyed reading this new author. A fast read with enjoyable characters. Some twists and turns to keep you guessing. I look forward to Mr. Esken's next book.
 Adolescent tripe.
 I liked the book. Easy read.
 They are perfect lights.  They look real and fit perfect in my chandler.  Highly recommend buying these. Nice quality
 Good but not great.
 Great book. I couldn't put it down!
 Good read
 This was a page turner that I had to force myself to put down to go to sleep!
 Trite, cliched writing. Hackneyed plot.
 Enjoyed the Book
 A bit far fetched at times but still a good book.
 "The Life We Bury", is a popcorn read of sorts.  From the angle of story telling, it gets an A.  It has an immaculate pace, and I never felt that I was yawning while reading this.  There are different reasons why people like to read a novel, and I try and review accordingly and not blanket describe a book.  This is a a great novel if you want a coherent, fast paced story that will keep you interested, which in my view is the most important element of a good novel.  That said, I can't give it four or five stars, as I find the story relies to heavily on over done formulas.  The young person meets the old person, and listens to the story of that persons past, and learns something along the way, and/or solves a mystery.  I say "How Many Times"?  Though I very much liked the admirable qualities of the main character, most notably his loyalty to his autistic brother, and his inner battle about where to draw the line between him liviing his own life, or being responsible to take care of his disabled brother, it wasn't explored nearly enough. Most notably when involving his alcoholic mother and the role that she played in this dilemma.  Somehow the elements of the story that really could have added a lot of meat to the bone, were treated more as passing thoughts, then fully realized aspects to what otherwise is a pretty engaging story.  This novel suffers from an over edit content wise.  It's too short I say, and sometimes that is a good thing, but in my opinion, not in this case.<br/>That is also a compliment of sorts, as I did enjoy this authors style of writing.  Very direct and clean.
 This is a case of a story that could have been good but suffers from bad writing and even worse cliches. A main character with a past that haunts him, a girl with walls miles high who has her own past that is forced into the story so she seems two-dimensional, a guy whom everyone believes to be bad, but is really SUCH A GREAT GUY, and the writer takes every opportunity to let you know how great this guy is, all are annoying characteristics of this book. There was even an "ah-ha!" moment when a random moment helped them SOLVE THE ENTIRE MYSTERY. And, of course, everything works in the favor of the main character in the end. Past:confronted. Money: not an issue. Girlfriend: check.<br/><br/>The main character is racing to clear the name of the old man for reasons that only vaguely connect. In the end, all of the vicious non-believers are brought to their senses, where one character literally says "I haven't been a very good Christian" after the main character (not a cop, just a college student) tells her his theory of why he believes the man is innocent.<br/><br/>I managed to get through the book, but the bad writing often took me out of the story, especially when he step-by-step described the defensive maneuvers that he did way too many times.
 I cannot believe this author has an MFA in creative writing.  Terrible writing. Full of metaphors gone wrong.  This is a very good example of why you should pay attention to some of the lower reviews.  Many of the high reviews were initially from those who review nothing but first-time or self-published books.  They review nothing else.  Do they get paid?  Or earn favors for giving terrible books a five-star rating?  What a racket!  I feel betrayed by the rating system with regard to this book!<br/><br/>Trust the reviews that say -- again and again -- the writing is sophomoric and cliché.  They are correct.  It is.
 Banal.superficial.expected.stofy not developing naturaly.
 could not put it down
 Really enjoyed this book.  Maybe a little predictable, but interesting and easy to read.
 Wish I had never purchased or read.  Not well written. Sensational use of emotion. Rape and violence and a lot of junk.  Prefer something edifying.
 Absolutely loved!
 Piece of candy.  No substance.
 Ok, but wouldn't recommend as a good read.
 Thought it was really good
 C
 Interesting format with some twits and turns.
 This book read like an implausible made-for-TV mini-series: university student with complicated personal life turns amateur detective to solve a decades-old murder.  I did not like the author's style.  He writes with a heavy hand.  More details than you can imagine.  Too many sub-plots.  Actually, it would have been better to explore the main character's personal life, which was far more interesting than the murder mystery.
 I am shocked at all the positive reviews. The writing is terrible, the plot is filled with cliches, the story is unbelievable, and on top of that the author exploits narrative tropes to tug at your heartstrings (a brother with autism, an alcoholic mother). Don't waste your time and money.
 Excellent book, I was not disappointed. .
 I bought this book based on the reviews.  I don't know what so many people saw in this book.  It dragged on, there was no excitement, and the characters were flat with absolutely no growth.  I wanted to yell at them to "please develop a personality!".  I had to force myself to finish it because I hate to leave books unread, but in this case, I should have just put it down.  I was really looking forward to a good read and this was quite a disappointment.
 Interesting twists and turns.
 I love it!!!
 I was disappointed...
 I loved it
 Great read.  Kept my interest.  Was one of those books that I couldn't wait to have time to continue reading.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because some of the things the main character was able to do, just seemed a little unbelievable to me, and unrealistic.
 Loved it
 Should have a rating for bad language.  It would get a F.  Books should have a rating like movies.  Would not buy any of author books.
 On kindle i gave a four star review because the author in a way requested for it... but to be fair to all the other authors in this genre... this book is not the greatest!
 Well I guess I have to give it one star to write what I think. I figured out who the true killer was early on. The book was a waste
 poorly written. author tried to save story with an unrealistic conclusion.
 Minnesota writer Allen Eskens' first novel is tense, engrossing and fast-paced reading--an excellent debut.<br/><br/>College student Joe Talbert has been given a seemingly simple writing assignment for an English class: Go interview and write a brief biography of a stranger. True to college life, Joe waits almost too long to begin working on the task. Then he hurries over to a nursing home, hoping to find someone interesting. The man he interviews, Carl Iverson, turns out to be a Vietnam War veteran who is dying of pancreatic cancer. Iverson, Joe learns, also is a convicted rapist and murderer who has been medically paroled to the nursing home to spend his final days. As Joe begins to dig deeper into Iverson's story, he starts turning up proof that Iverson was wrongly convicted three decades ago.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, Joe also has become attracted to his next-door neighbor, Lila. Soon, he pulls Lila into his investigation of Iverson, too. And together, they keep digging deeper, until they finally get themselves into ugly danger that seems to offer no possibility of escape.<br/><br/>No big spoilers here, but this mystery thriller's heart-thumping, nerve-jarring conclusion has more than one clock winding down to the final, deadly seconds. The Life We Bury is superb investigator fiction, with action.<br/><br/>(My thanks to Seventh Street for the review copy.)
 This book goes on. And on. And on. And on. And on.
 This book is contrived and predictable from page one.
 Very predictable story line and outcome. It reminded me of a Lifetime movie. All the problems that occur in the storyline are conveniently solved in very unimaginitve ways. Yawn.
 Every opportunity this writer had at a new storyline he went in a dark direction. The main characters mom is an alcoholic, his brother is severely autistic and is beaten by moms boyfriend, he accidentally killed his grandfather, his girlfriend used to sleep around and it makes for an uncomfortable night out. Oh, and there are multiple rapes. Super fun read
 Did this author put every single cliched "murder mystery" idea into a hat, pull out a few, and write a story around them?  It's got everything: the college student who escaped his terrible life to better himself with education, an alcoholic mother and special needs brother, the (literal) girl next door crush, a mysterious (and dying) old veteran with a heart-wrenching war story, the old veteran's cranky veteran friend who doesn't trust the plucky college student, a mudered cheerleader... That's just the character angle.  I can't even begin to get into the over-used plot devices.  By the end of the third chapter I knew exactly where the book was going and how it was going to get there, because I've read it a few dozen times.  It would make a fine young adult/teen novel, but if you're looking for a solid book to get lost in for a few days, which is what the majority of the reviews are trying to push, look elsewhere. This one will just leave you angry for wasting your time.
 The over the top drama of the boy took away from the real subject of the book. I would not recommend the book to anyone.
 I read it.  It was interesting how they got to each "clue" but none was a surprise to me.  Also, not realistic as far as injuries went, etc.
 I thought this book was super silly and felt deceived by buying it based on the views of other raters. Lesson learned and any serious reader of fiction should give this book an absolute pass.
 Predictable, every last word.<br/>I have never submitted a review.  I am not capable of authoring a book, therefore, I am reluctant to criticize.  This story has nothing new to offer to the reader.
 Predictable, on the nose, pedestrian prose. A good concept wasted.
 trash
 did not finish it. I found it too dark.
 Slow reading...
 print was WAY too small.
 Cliche.
 The reason Carl spends 30 years in prison turns out to be really really really lame. Just way to unrealistic. Very unbelievable.
 Maybe I need to read this book more than, say, three times to get why it has a 4 1/2 star rating.  I'd rather not and if I were you I would think twice before picking it up.
 I could not get more than 3 pages in. I set it down and tried again the next night. Only got through a few more paragraphs before I stopped for good. This is the worst book I have ever had the misfortune of buying. Reads like a 9th grader with a thesaurus fetish. Does anyone know if Amazon will refund Kindle downloads if you didn't get past the 2% mark?
 I found myself scanning many, many pages that seemed to be of no significance to the plot and what had happened to James.  If you are looking for a book to draw you in, this is not worth you time.
 Good story but very predictable.
 Skimmed through most of it. And still didn't miss much. Nice idea but predictable - I wouldn't recommend this book.
 It started out promisingly but became a poor boys own adventure story. A waste
 None
 great read
 Uneven and not interesting to read.
 Love this nightgown. Very comfortable and can worn around the home. You can not see through it. You won't regret this purchase. I'm thinking about purchasing another one. I haven't washed it yet.
 This is a stand-out mystery, and I couldn't put it down. I read at stop lights, in restrooms and pretty much every spare minute I had. A college boy, Joe, takes on a class assignment to write someone's biography, and he picks Carl, a convicted murderer out on compassionate release in a nursing home due to advanced cancer. Joe has guts and savvy; nothing in his life has been easy and when he gets the files from Carl's trial, he's unsettled at leads not fully fleshed out and loose ends left dangling. This, combined with his growing affection for and belief in Carl, leads him down the rabbit hole to solve an already solved a 30-year-old murder, hoping to exonerate Carl before death takes him.
 I really enjoyed this book, I read it in a day, and the way the story unfolded kept me glued, I had to know what happened.  Great read.
 I like to read all genres. This was one of the most boring, poorly written books I have ever written.
 Bad, too much figurative language, more like a creative writing class.
 This is the second book I ordered by mistake in MP3,  I don't have an MP3 player so am unable to listen to it.  Either I have become stupid or the ordering process has become confusing.
 Another awful book.  Alcoholic mother;  autistic son;  managed to escape by his fingernails older son who is off to college.  When the older son decided to bail his mother out from another  DUI with his college money, I'd had enough of this book.
 Don't waste your time on this fictional book.  It is not uplifting at all.
 I only read this book because it was recommended and selected by majority vote of our couples book club.  Have no idea how it made the choice list let alone why it beat out other more appealing titles/plot descriptions.  If Amazon had a .5 option this title would earn a 2.5 in my humble assessment. I'm a pretty eclectic reader of fiction; if the writing beckons me, I'll happily join the journey. Eskens' writing was uneven from the get-go and pretty labored in sections. His use of simile and metaphor was often painful and sophomoric. He uses the word "shudder" a lot. I found his 21-year-old protagonist, Joe Talbert, an unbelievable, unconvincing character. Eskens has him doing everything but threshing his own wheat.  The kid is a full-time college student, a bar bouncer, the son of a mentally and physically abusive drunk of a mother who has custody of his autistic brother, Jeremy. And, he's forever taking Jeremy in when his mother dumps him at his apartment to go off on gambling binges. He juggles all the above activities while presumably eating, sleeping, doing laundry, and completing an English class writing assignment - interviewing a stranger and writing a BRIEF turning point biography of that person.  Enter the mystery - Carl Iverson, dying Vietnam vet, convicted child abuser and murderer, and subject of Joe's paper. Without belaboring the subsequent twists and turns (all of which were pretty predictable - and some totally unbelievable), the final wrap-up was a disappointment in its sugar-coating. This novel is not even good YA material.  And the more I write this review, the more I want to change it to a 2! So I will.
 Man I had high hopes for this book based on the reviews and the description.  Unfortunately, I was disappointed.  The writing was borderline terrible.  And there were small but careless mistakes.  As one example only, the author talks about a Vietnam infantry soldier "chambering a round" into his "revolver."  The author then proceeds to describe what is clearly a .45 automatic.  I honestly don't think the author took the time to determine the difference between a revolver and an automatic pistol.  That's not really a big deal, but it is a crime novel that involves former soldiers.  Moreover, careless mistakes like this just make the story ring hollow.  More importantly though, is that the plot and storyline are almost paint-by-numbers.  But for the violence and sexual content, I would think that I just finished a pre-teen selection.  Someone described this as a "hardy-boys" type book.  That's close, but I frankly think that gives short shrift to the hardy boys.  I only gave it two stars because I was able to finish it.
 Wow.  This book had every cliche and  plot device possible thrown in together.  I know this book had some good reviews, but it was very poorly written and I was speed reading to get it over with.
 I have to agree with the other one star reviews. This book wasn't well written and had such silly plot points. It felt like a graduate writing project that someone got published. A project the student got a "C" on.  The characters had no depth. Everything was so predictable.  It just wasn't believable at any turn.
 Very disappointed this book is rated at 4 ½ stars. I don’t stay current with what is out there so I often sort and buy books based on ratings. When I see 4 ½ stars I figure at the very least the book has to be decent? This is a really bad book. I just quit reading it on page 179 , I can’t go on…. The author is a reasonably good writer, not awful. The story/plot is actually pretty clever and really should make for a good read. The problem is the simplicity of the story telling. Everything is ridiculously simple. I won’t go into details but unless you are interested in really simple characters and scenes you will be disappointed.
 This was pretty disappointing considering the good reviews on here. Predictable story, poor writing, uninteresting/flat characters.
 Bury this book.  Interesting at first, with a slight sense of dark humor.  But by the end, the main character's actions become so unbelievable, the whole book becomes a joke.  A reminder to always read the 1-star reviews before buying a book.  I wish I had!
 A very predictable story. Boy from broken home solves crime, finds himself in harms way, falls in love with "damaged" girl along the way, all ends well.
 The beginning of chapter one did not download.  Please help!
 This is one of those books that you do not want to put down!  It features parallel stories of a young student's life who is interviewing an old man in a nursing home and this leads to the old man's buried past before he served a long prison sentence.  We read about a struggling young man who makes it off to college and leaves behind an autistic brother and alcoholic mother.He is assigned in an English class an essay to write about someone he has interviewed.  This interview with a dying old man (Carl) consumes this young man's (Joe's) life as he searches to exonerate the man. There are many twists to the story as Joe endangers his life and that of his girlfriend.
 Sophomoric.  Tired format.  I was very disappointed.
 I like how the main character is just trying to eek through life and the most interesting this he has to do is find an old person to interview.  Sounds so easy, but sets off a whole series of events that never would have happened if not for that one assignment.  Not too graphic and not explicitly sexual, but full of enough drama to keep me on the edge of my seat several times.  I really enjoyed it.
 Can't say I am a fan of this book. Joe the main character comes  from an extremely dysfunctional family life.  As a college assignment Joe has to write a story about a Turning point in some someone's life. He decides to interview a man that has spent 30 years in prison for murder and rape. After doing some research Joe is on a mission to prove this man's innocence bringing him justice  before he dies of Cancer. The biggest problem in this book is Joe is a prisoner of his own difficult circumstances in life. I find the ending odd because the author had a oopportunity for Joe to make things right in his own life. Anyway, to make a long story short the story is just ok. Joe is a hero that against all odds is a survivor the end of the story was his turning point yet, I found it dull. Mediocre at best had the potential to be much better!
 This is such a clever story! I purchased the book two years ago (at an author event) but hadn't gotten around to reading it even though I'd heard nothing but great things about the book.<br/><br/>Joe Talbert is a college kid trying to make his way on his own. His dad is out of the picture and his mother is dependent on Joe to be the adult, her younger son's disability checks, and alcohol.<br/><br/>In Joe's search to write a short biography of a stranger's life, he connects with Carl Iverson, a man dying from cancer in a nursing home after spending thirty years in prison for murder.<br/><br/>The story is about more than Joe's search for the truth of Carl's conviction. It's about trust, character, family, and doing what's right...even if the past claws at you to keep that from happening.<br/><br/>It's a complex, layered, heartfelt, and cleverly written novel.
 This book is terrible. The author simply does not know how to write. I have muscled my way through some atrocities, but this one is BAD. I finished it out of sheer bull-headedness, but I genuinely wish I had those 6+ hours of my life back. The good news is, it gets slightly better, the further in you get, but I admit I was rooting for the protagonist (surrogate author) to be successfully murdered by the end. Long story short, I would rather pass a kidney stone than read this book again. Save yourself the time and money, unless you are buying this as a gag gift for someone you hate.
 College Student Joe Talbert visits a nursing home to interview a senior citizen for a writing assignment. He's supposed to write a short biography on someone. A nurse at the facility says that most of their patients have dementia or other problems that would make them difficult to interview. One, however, is dying from cancer. His memory is fully intact. The nurse says that he might not be suitable.....the patient is a convicted child murderer, having raped and killed a 14-year old girl years before. Talbert decides that Carl Iverson is as good a subject as any for his class assignment. Iverson agrees to be interviewed. Little does Joe know that this meeting will change his life, leading him into danger to prove Iverson's innocence.<br/><br/>This story caught me by surprise. The book started off predictably......student meets killer, killer talks to student, student checks out killer's crime and is disgusted, killer opens up about his life and student asks questions about the murder.....the usual plot.  But this story didn't stick to the usual. This story veered off the trope path pretty quickly and morphed into something much more complex.....much more interesting. Every time I thought I knew where the plot was going, it veered off in another direction. Great suspense! Loved it!<br/><br/>I listened to the audiobook version of this story. The unabridged audio version (Tantor Media) is narrated by Zach Villa. He reads at a nice, even pace and he is easy to understand. I have partial hearing loss, but was able to easily hear and understand his reading. The audiobook is just shy of 8 1/2 hours long. I listened to it on New Year's Day while packing up Christmas decorations and cleaning the house after a busy holiday season. It made for a very enjoyable day. :)
 I thoroughly enjoyed The Life We Bury.  I read it over a long weekend and could barely put it down.  Joe and Carl, Lila and Jeremy all seemed very real to me.  Their insecurities, flaws and courage all resonated with me as real people who screw up and who also shine when they can.  There were a couple of places where I predicted plot twists before they happened, but the prose never disappointed me.  Several moments were truly moving and quite emotional for me.  I would certainly read other novels by this author; Allen Eskens.  The Life We Bury lives on where it touched my soul.
 I started out liking the book as the story line is interesting.  I liked the idea that a wrongly-convicted dying elderly man  would be exonerated.  However,  as I read onward, I became more and more bored by the book and more and more tired of the author and his use of tired story lines,  Ah...rape of young woman, a boy-man detective who solves the crime and rescues his damsel in distress girl friend, drunk no-good working class mother with a mean, abusive boyfriend, boy-man detective is further elevated as the hero as he takes over care for his autistic brother....Oh, my goodness.  Leave it to a male author to make sure the real crime solver here, Lila, the girlfriend, doesn't get the major credit and she needs her man-boy detective to save her in the end.  Could have been a fantastic book, but it was not.
 A new-to-me author recommended to me by my daughter,  Allen Eskens’ debut novel "The Life We Bury" immediately found a new fan in me!  He has written four books since including the sequel to this one.  "The Shadows We Hide" was released on November 13, 2018, and continues with Joe and Lila on another adventure.  I've already placed my order, and on its way for me to gobble up as soon as it arrives.<br/><br/>A generous book blurb offers plenty of info that is sure to pique a reader’s interest.  It had me at “college student” interviewing “dying Vietnam veteran” and “convicted murderer.”  My review will stick to only my thoughts and feelings steering clear of spoilers.  You’ll want to try and solve this case all on your own!<br/><br/>The title identifies significantly and importantly with the main characters.  Each connection is an important role in this story, as well.  Told in Joe’s point of view, Eskens crafts a young college boy’s voice and brings his suspense-filled story to life in a believable and witty manner.<br/><br/>"The Life We Bury" tackles some difficult subjects that are mentioned in the blurb and may be harsh triggers for some readers — so beware!  But it’s also a ray of light in the darkness, offering resilience and strength to carry on, when it seems like hopelessness is all that’s left.<br/><br/>Eskens kept me guessing right up until the very end. It's an exceptionally well-written story with a magnetic cast of characters.  Along with Joe, Carl, the long-suffering convict, Lila, the feisty and smart girl next door, who has caught Joe’s eye, Jeremy, Joe’s autistic brother and hero himself, and finally Virgil, another Vietnam veteran who is Carl’s best friend and avid supporter, make up the diverse group of engaging and lovable good guys.  And, of course, those evil, wicked and nasty bad guys show up, too.<br/><br/>Once you start reading, you won't want to set it aside.  Truly a wonderful and entertaining reading experience – one that definitely pushes me towards Eskens’ backlist.<br/><br/>Highly recommend, especially if you enjoy mystery and suspense.
 This book was OK, just that, OK.  I was interested at the beginning, and intrigued by the family struggles of the main character, Joe, who has a bipolar, alcoholic mother and an autistic brother for whom he feels responsible.  I wish that that story line had been the main event, because the author drew it deftly and it rang true to me.  But the main story line was an unsolved(ish) mystery solved (of course) by Joe and his girlfriend, Lila, and as that story slogged along, I just wanted the book to end.  The whole thing felt like a big pile of cliches with the subtlety of an episode of Scooby Doo.  It. Was. Boring (and illogical).  And everything (of course) resolves just perfectly in the end - to the point that it is laughable.  The author is a defense attorney who seemed to be writing his own fantasy.  What bothered me the most though was how utterly stupid Joe and Lila are, playing vigilantes.  I kept waiting for the cops in the story to tell them to back off but that never happens. So Joe, who is supposed to be our hero, makes a terrible mistake of judgment and almost gets killed.  Then does something similar with Lila.  These are our geniuses?  The ones who cracked a code and therefore a case that no one else had?  I didn't buy it at all.  And fortunately I didn't buy this book either (thanks public library).  For fans of mystery/suspense, there are better options out there.
 What a cliched mess. OK story,piss poor writing.
 Allen Eskens' The Life We Bury came highly recommended by a former co-worker of mine and having now finished it myself, I wholeheartedly second her sentiments. I'm almost ashamed to admit how long it sat on my digital "bookshelf" awaiting a listen--I truly had no idea what I was missing.<br/><br/>The story opens with college student Joe Talbert desperately seeking a subject for his English class biography project. When he visits a nursing home and asks if any residents might be available for an interview, Joe is introduced to Carl Iverson, a Vietnam veteran who was recently medically paroled after spending several decades in prison for the rape and murder of a young girl. As his conversations with Carl progress, Joe becomes increasingly suspicious of the facts as they had been presented in Court and begins to wonder what Carl is hiding and what really happened to the young girl so many years ago. Is Carl innocent? If so, who killed her? And why did Carl so willingly serve time for a crime he may not have committed? Joe gains access to the trial file and begins his own quest for justice, hoping to exonerate Carl before he passes away. With the help of his neighbor Lila, Joe juggles the investigation, the completion of his biography assignment, his job, and caring for his autistic brother Jeremy with a good deal of success.<br/><br/>The characters in this mystery are so well developed that at times, I forgot I was reading (listening to) a piece of fiction. Joe, Lila, Carl, and Jeremy are immediately likable--I felt a great deal of empathy for Joe, Jeremy, and Carl at various points throughout the story and admired Lila for her compassion. Joe and Jeremy share a special bond, one that many who have siblings can likely relate to, while Lila has a heart of gold and a healthy dose of curiosity. The family dynamics in this story add drama to an already intriguing story and the dialogue is great. The plot is well paced. It's driven by an urgency to solve the puzzle before Carl runs out of time but doesn't feel rushed.<br/><br/>Zach Villa's narration was amazing, helping listeners connect to the characters on a more visceral level. The only downside to having such a great narrator is that it can make listening to your next read a little less exciting! After listening to The Life We Bury, I had a hard time picking a story to listen to next.<br/><br/>I was excited to see that Esken's wrote a sequel to The Life We Bury (The Shadows We Hide) and brought Villa back to narrate once again. I am sincerely looking forward to more of Joe, Lila, and Jeremy but appreciate the way The Life We Bury ended. I think Eskens gave readers enough closure to move on, making it a great stand-alone piece, but made his characters so lovable that you might not want to. Stay tuned for a review on The Shadows We Hide.
 I was really impressed by the depth of this mystery. Some of the tropes are familiar, but Mr. Eskens takes them in unexpected directions. The main character, Joe Talbert, is believable even when he's putting himself into danger. He has an autistic younger brother, but that relationship is portrayed with realism and compassion. The supporting characters are well-drawn, and I quickly grew to care about each of them. And the ending is... well, no spoilers here, but it was satisfying.<br/><br/>Can't wait for book number two!
 I truly really enjoyed this book. It kept my attention from the beginning. I like all the twists and turns throughout. I will definitely recommend it to my friends.
 It's funny sometimes how we discover new authors. I have been a voracious reader since I was 9 years old and have read most genres of books over the last 50+ years. Libraries were my first source of reading materials way back when and over the years I've also added bookstores, used bookstores, and that bookaholic's dream - Amazon. I not only just read but I also review so I get Advanced Reading Copies from authors, publishers, Net Galley and Edelweiss. At this point in my life I have enough of a backlog of books that I've purchased or been sent to finish out my days here on Earth so when someone new contacts me with a book to review, I usually apologize and pass on the book.<br/><br/>If you've read very many of my reviews, you might remember that I like stories that take place in cold locales - Antarctica and the Arctic especially. I requested a book to review from Edelweiss and the publisher's publicist actually did some research and saw that I liked cold locale books. She offered me the author's first three books along with the one I requested from Edelweiss because they take place in cold, snowy Minnesota (at least this one does). And I was intrigued enough to accept. And I'm so glad I did.<br/><br/>This is an excellent book. It reminds me of the storytelling abilities of Kent Haruf and Richard Russo, both favorites of mine. Author Eskens is a master storyteller and I was able to visualize his characters like old best friends.<br/><br/>This is a mystery. Young college student Joe Talbert has an English assignment that he keeps putting off. He has to write a biography of an older person after he interviews the person. He ends up going to a nursing home and is led to Carl Iverson, a convicted rapist/murderer dying of cancer.<br/><br/>I loved Joe's character, his neighbor Lila's character, Carl's character, and Joe's autistic brother, Jeremy.<br/><br/>I'm now off to read his second book THE GUISE OF ANOTHER and I hope it's as wonderful as this one. This one is going in my permanent library.<br/><br/>I received this book from the publicist at Prometheus Books in exchange for my unbiased review.
 I came across this book via a recommendation from Amazon. I checked it out from our local library and dove right in to a wonderful story by a new author I now count as a favorite.<br/>The main characters are well-developed. Joe, the protagonist, is dealing with a guilt issue from his childhood regarding the death of his grandfather. Carl, a Vietnam Vet and convicted murderer, is dying of cancer after serving 30 years in prison…but…the reader may be surprised to find where Carl places his guilt. These past events are always in the background shadows of the characters’ lives.<br/>Joe’s initial goal is to write a paper for a college English class…a biography of an elderly person. This assignment leads him to Carl who is in hospice in a nursing home. What ensues is a fantastic layman’s investigation of Carl’s past crime. Maybe Carl spent 30 years in prison as an innocent man?<br/> There are several action scenes during that investigation that will encourage rapid page turning! And to top it off, there is a great twist in the “who-done-it” at the end of the story.<br/>While the great character development and the exciting plot contributed to my positive review of the novel, that is not my greatest take-away. I came away with new knowledge, which is always a plus. I learned the meaning of the term:  “dying declaration”. I discovered the principle of “Occam’s razor”.  And, most importantly, I came to understand the philosophy known as “Pascal’s gambit” (wager). I won’t give it away, but suffice it to say that the characters in the book pretty much come to terms with their past and accept their circumstances because of this way of thinking.<br/>This is a brilliant debut novel and I am looking forward to reading Allen Esken’s second book, The Guise of Another.
 As you can probably tell from the synopsis of this novel, there is some pretty dark subject matter in play here.  I understand how that might turn some readers off, and there are definitely a few tough passages in this book, but this is a surprisingly beautiful novel.<br/><br/>The premise of the book is simple, but also believable.  Sometimes, thrillers lose me at the get-go because the set up is so manufactured, but this is not the case here.  I can totally buy a kid walking into a nursing home to find someone to talk to and being directed to "that" resident.  I also found Joe stepping into Carl's case to make sense for the character Joe was.  "Citizen detectives" are hard to sell, but Joe is one of the successful ones.<br/><br/>Even though the story centers around Carl's case, Joe is the star of the novel--and he's just the kind of character that resonates with me.  He has too much going on in his life, but he's also a typical college kid--completely with a crush on the girl next door.  You immediately root for him and Eskens does an expert job writing Joe so that we acutely feel the stress that he is put under as the novel progresses.<br/><br/>The key to a good thriller, to me, is pacing and this book has that down.  Too many times, I've found myself mired in too-long chapters in thrillers, but Eskens structures his book perfectly.  The chapters are never too long, and they become shorter as the tension increases.  Honestly, the shorter chapters actually make the book harder to put down.<br/><br/>Yes, there are some tough passages in this book, but I didn't feel that any were overly salacious.  This is a crime novel and some boundaries do need to push.  Eskens pushed those boundaries just as far as they needed to go, and that is part of why this book worked so hard for me.<br/><br/>It is hard for me to go too much further into the review, because I don't want to spoil anything (instead, I want you all to read it!), but trust me when I say that this is one of the best thrillers I've read. It is sophisticated enough for those well-versed in crime fiction, but still accessible for those who do not normally read these sorts of books.  I would encourage everyone to give this book a try, I doubt that you'll be disappointed!
 College student Joe Talbert is faced with a difficult task for his English class: write a (somewhat short) biography on an elderly person. The only problem is his family life is pretty dysfunctional - alcoholic mother, autistic younger brother, and the only person he looked up to (his grandfather) died when he was a child. With nowhere else to turn, Joe heads to a local nursing home for his school project thinking he may be able to meet a war hero to do his paper on.  He ends up meeting Carl Iverson - unarguably a war hero, but also a convicted murderer and rapist who has been let out of prison since he is dying of pancreatic cancer. He agrees to help Joe with his school project, but the more Joe learns about Mr. Iverson, the harder it is to believe the man who received commendations for his service is the same criminal before him.<br/><br/>This novel has certainly captured my attention from the first page. Eskens creates his characters with such depth that you can’t help but connect to them as you eagerly await the next twist in the story. I certainly look forward to reading more from this author.<br/><br/>Recommend if you enjoy thrillers, sleuth/crime novels, or overall well-written stories.
 The heart tugging, suspenseful book centers around Joe, a street-smart college student. He has had to struggle for everything in his life. He never knew his dad, his mom is a raging alcoholic and his almost grown brother, Jeremy, is a perpetual seven year old due to his autism issues.<br/><br/>Our guy, Joe, literally stumbles onto a mystery while writing a biography essay on a nursing home resident, Carl Iverson. If solved, the mystery may exonerate Carl of crimes that sent him to prison for 30 years. Carl doesn't particularly care if he is exonerated or not, which makes the mystery even more compelling. Joe, however, does care. That is the kind of guy he is. Principled, caring, compassionate. And tough as nails.<br/><br/>Allen Eskens is a first rate storyteller and a natural born writer! The story flows effortlessly from Carl's life story to Joe's back story. They seem to not have anything in common with each other, but as they talk, their stories become intertwined. The ending is a little bit of a twist and 100% reader satisfying.<br/><br/>I can't tell you how engrossed and invested I was while listening. I could not stop listening and the book made packing up for a big family move almost bearable! There was just enough of everything I love in a good story: mystery, suspense, likable (lovable) protagonists, real emotions and struggles, and a rewarding ending! I also adored the Minnesota setting, the cold, snowy weather provides the perfect tone to the story. I finished this little beauty in less than 2 days.<br/><br/>This book won all kinds of awards as a debut novel for Eskens. Deservedly so. You will not regret listening or reading this one!<br/><br/>The audio book is narrated by a talented actor, Zach Villa. I felt he perfectly captured the voice of Joe and Carl. Not an easy task, considering the age and life differences of the two characters. If you like audio books, I highly recommend this one! If not, you must read it!<br/><br/>Lucky for all readers, there are three more books in this Eskens series. They are touted as possible standalone books, but most of my Goodreads friends say the back stories are so interesting that you will want to read all of the books. That's enough for me, I already borrowed the next audiobook from the handy dandy Overdrive app (free!!!) and started listening to THE GUISE OF ANOTHER.<br/><br/>Sadly, we are still packing and moving, but thank God for writers like Eskens for making it less painful!
 I've seen this book a number of times online and, while I thought it sounded pretty good, the chance to pick up a copy just didn't seem to come up. Then I saw it available to download on my library's Overdrive account (which, anyone who uses Overdrive will know, is sometimes a rarity as there never seem to be enough copies available) and knew this was the perfect time to snag a copy.  So download the audiobook I did and I started listening to it right away on my commute. While there were aspects of the audiobook I wasn't crazy about, the story overall ended up being quite good.<br/><br/>My biggest issue with the audiobook, at least at first, was the narrator (Zach Villa). When the story began his voice and cadence were so monotone and boring that I almost gave up all together. However, he actually did a pretty great job of changing up the timbre and emotion of his voice during the dialogue, which I found so interesting as most narrators I've come across have had more trouble successfully pulling off the latter than the former. So persist I did and I am so happy I did because the actual story was thrilling and the narration improved as the story progressed.<br/><br/>My favorite aspect of the story, which I didn't expect at all, was the sweet relationships between some of these characters, especially between Joe and his autistic brother. Seeing Joe try to protect his brother from their selfish and cruel mom while also trying to move away and better his life was quite touching and felt very realistic given the pretty horrible circumstances Joe found himself in. So many of the characters - nearly all of them really - had been through some horrific situations and this in-depth look at these scars and triumphs that can either build or destroy a person and seeing how our particular characters either retain their humanity no matter what or become bad people was fascinating.<br/><br/>This being said, the actual mystery and thriller aspects of The Life We Bury were wonderful as well. Watching Joe and his neighbor weed through the inconsistencies between Carl's story and what they find in the court files and trying to pick up the crumbs of what really happened as Joe puts together the pieces kept me wanting to listen to more and more of the story so I could figure out what really happened. And once we do discover the truth the real danger picks up for Joe and his loved ones and the breakneck speed of the narrative left me quite breathless.<br/><br/>I won't give away the ending but I will say that I loved it! While I might have enjoyed this one a little more if I had physically read it instead of listening to it, either way it became quite touching and exciting in turns. It's so much more than simply a thriller and is also an excellent look at grief, regret, atonement, and fighting to find the truth about people even if that truth is sometimes ugly. It's about coming to terms with the life you live in and not trying to run away or hide from it. I'll be looking out for more from this author for sure.
 One of my Goodreads friends found this entertaining so thought I would give it a try. Worthy effort for a first novel and enjoyed the characterization, the issues the protagonist is struggling with - trying to get through school working as a bouncer while dealing with alcoholic mother and autistic brother - certainly not an easy life being portrayed. One part murder mystery, one part coming of age so a good mix. Interesting plot but a bit inconsistent in places. Smart enough to put the pieces of the puzzle together but so dumb as to confront the suspect by himself carrying the proof because he thinks the cops would be too slow? The Macgyver bit with the tools in the trunk is a bit of a stretch, and there are a few internal inconsistencies - cleaning dirt out of a wound upon returning home after a previous scene described cleaning by a nurse? Smart enough to confront and handle unruly patrons at a bar yet taken down by an old drunk? Still, absorbing story, some excellent writing, quick read and a nice piece of fiction to kick off the new year.
 I especially like your protagonist, the college kid, Joe Talbert, who is witty, resourceful, and very caring towards his Autistic brother,Jeremy.  The story line was very interesting, it appealed to me as I am a Vietnam Veteran, and know that there are many stories to tell, and the fact that you integrated the life of Joe Talbert, what he does every day, how he tries to survive between college, work, and caring for his brother plus solve the case of the Veteran,Carl Iverson, was entertaining, and held your attention.  I noticed some discrepancies regarding the name of the village, and other military slang, but that didn't waver my attention.  The only downside was when Joe, tried to confront the Villian, or who he thought was the Villian, on his own made me wonder his sanity.  This story has so many different angles, and it sure kept me guessing who the killer was, and surprised me in the end.  Good Story, well written, totally entertaining, and I shall be reading more of your stories.  You, Sir, should keep on writing, and I'll keep on reading. Thank You!!
 I found this story to be predictable and written in an awkward, almost teen fiction style. This storyline was disjointed and every angle was visible from the get go. I found the relationship between Joe and Carl undeveloped, and his relationship with Lila was corny at best. The mother's role had no substance as a character, and too many parallel roles and plot lines were introduced, but then fizzled out without any development or conclusion. This book began to annoy me about 2/3 of the way through, and I kept hoping for a suspenseful climax, or a twist near the end, but this just fell flat. I feel bad reviewing someone's work so poorly, as it must take a lot of heart and effort to write a book. I just was left disappointed by this story, and had really hoped for more.
 This book is amazing! I could hardly put it down because the author's voice made the characters come alive as the suspense built. The main character is Joe, a college student with a deadbeat mother you hate, and a brother who is autistic. Joe has an assignment to write a biography and he finds Carl Iverson, dying in a nursing home, 30 year murderer convict. Carl says,"I can count my life in hours. If I'm going to spend some of those hours on you, I need to know you're worth my time." Carl demands that Joe be absolutely honest from the beginning and Joe dives in, not knowing he will uncover the impossibility of Carl doing what he was convicted on. The author's descriptions draw you into the room with Joe &amp; Carl: "I found myself breaking them(Carl's stories) apart into bits of information, spreading them around like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle on a table. Then I tried to reassemble the pieces in a way that would explain the birth and life of a monster..." The class assignment becomes an obsession, a quest to undo a wrong, and Joe's past drives him to not let go until justice is met. This is Allen Eskins' debut novel and I cannot wait to read more by him!
 Eskens delivers such a believable story that it unexpectedly overrides the especially dark crime at its center. Each character has a unique personality and real-life problems like paying the rent, battling addiction and mental illness, and carrying the burden of secrets. Eskens gives these people sufficient on-stage time to unwrap their stories. For example, the writer is gentle in describing Jeremy’s autism. Eskens could have written Jeremy as a savant; but, the reader would not have loved him as much, nor understood his brother’s love and his mother’s frustration. Love for Jeremy drives his brother Joe, but Joe drives the story.  Joe Talbert, the self-described ordinary looking, average height, not-so-special college student is the pitch-perfect narrator of this murder mystery. He’s the kind of young man who you would want to be your best friend. He’s good. He’s loyal. He’s tenacious. In this story, he wins some fights, he loses some. Well, he loses all altercations with his profane, boozy, manipulative mother.  (Mother is a powerful link here; the story can’t work without her.) More characters with intertwined, many-layered histories are essential to the plot and Eskens is a master at managing these moving, overlapping parts. To further reveal the plot or describe the principal player threatens to expose secrets, motives, and likely to spoil a connected piece.
 The premise is actually quite simple. Student, Joe Talbert, is assigned to find a character of interest and write a brief biography. He has no idea what he is getting into. Eventually he meets Carl Iverson, a dying Vietnam vet who is now on medical parole after serving several decades in prison for rape and murder. Talbot gets hooked after he meets this man and begins searching out a thin trail of contrasting facts about him. Individuals such  as comrade who  fought with him insist that Iverson could never have done what he was accused of. Iverson does not have long to live, and Joe becomes hooked on uncovering proof of his innocence before he dies. It is a captivating race to the end and the Vietnam vet who at first we think of with revulsion may conceivably have somewhat of a different past. I haven't given away the ending. You  must read this page-turner to find out what Talbert actually uncovers.
 Allen Eskens has done a bang up job with his debut novel.  The characters, the story, and the setting all hit the mark for me.  All the characters felt very real.<br/><br/>Joe Talbert carries burdens most 22 year olds don’t have.  He’s putting himself through college, working part time, and has his own apartment.  He supports his abusive, alcoholic, bi-polar mother and his younger autistic brother.  He feels guilty about the death of his grandfather.  Joe is a responsible young man.  He’s resourceful and resilient.  At times, he’s also naive and unassuming.<br/><br/>For one of Joe's classes, he has to interview an elderly person and write their biography.  This leads Joe to Carl Iverson.  Carl is a dying Vietnam veteran who is a newer resident of Hillview Manor nursing home.  Carl is there on compassionate parole from prison where he’s spent the last 30 years for rape and murder.  Joe and Carl have promised to be honest with each other.  The journey that follows changes Joe's life.<br/><br/>I love Eskens's writing style.  It flows easily and naturally.  With Joe telling the story, we get insight into his thoughts and feelings.  This was an awesome book.  Not so intense that I couldn’t put it down, but I was always happy to pick it back up.  And sometimes things felt a little over the top, but I was enjoying the book enough to overlook that.
 The life we burry, by Allen Eskens, is about a student who has been given an assignment in his biography to write a bio on someone – he puts it off and ends up at a random nursing home looking for someone who will talk to him about their life so he can finish  the assignment. He gets introduced to a man named Karl who is a decorated veteran, and was released from prison on parole to go to the nursing home with very advanced cancer. Karl had been convicted of murder many years earlier. That is where the story begins and I won’t give any spoilers – but it gets very interesting with lots of plot twists and keeps you guessing until the end.<br/><br/>I couldn’t stop reading this book. The character development was wonderful from the main characters all the way down to the very minor characters. The plot was very interesting. I have to admit that the end was a little predictable but it wrapped things up nicely. It is one of those books that I couldn’t end and then start a new book right away because I kept thinking about this one.
 The characters and the story kept me interested, for the most part. But closer to the end, I was tired of all the cliches and eager for a better book.<br/><br/>A college student has to write a biography of an elderly person for his English class. Curious about the veracity of his subject’s version of events, he starts an investigation. At first, it’s ok to suspend disbelief to follow him (a young adult with a full time job, a broken family, and little money would be very unlikely to have mental resources to be that diligent about a stranger's past). But eventually the story turns into a police investigation, and his involvement becomes more than implausible. Then there is the typical scene where a kidnap and beating is followed by sex. Duh! A series of serendipitous events ensure that he unravels the predictable "mystery," and everybody lives happily ever after in a basket decorated with a cute bow.<br/><br/>The narrator was good, even if a little flat.
 What can I saw about this book? First of all, it is the author's first book and I am absolutely amazed at the quality of writing and the tight plot line that evolves through the story. This book has the quality of the major writers. When I closed the back cover on this one, I had that sensation of just, Wow! The book has everything a reader wants: great personal stories of the characters, a fabulous mystery that unfolds slowly, with thrills and red herrings along the way. I was lucky enough to meet this author at a library, and he is as entertaining to listen to as his writing is to read. I can't recommend this book enough, and I'm ready to dive into the next in the series.
 I'm on a roll, having finished my third 5-star book in less than a month.<br/><br/>I can't heap enough praise on Allen Eskens for his debut novel. He crafted a brilliant concept, executed it to near perfection, and barely wasted a word on unimportant details or needless backstory.<br/><br/>Joe Talbert is a well-designed protagonist, laden with a bucket of typical, believable personal problems that color his thinking and his actions all the way through the story: autistic brother, no father around, addicted and irresponsible mother, school debt, all piled on top of the pressures of college courses and student loan debt to worry about. And when his subject for a class assignment turns out to be a convicted murderer and child-molester, his stress level goes up few more levels as he digs into the case after deciding there's a strong chance his subject was wrongly convicted.<br/><br/>Structure is perfect on this one. Hook, first page, and story question are nicely presented. Tension builds as Lila enters the picture and his attraction for her adds more depth to the storylines. The plot is entirely believable, and the suspense is accelerated by nicely devised plot twists and a really good red herring.<br/><br/>"The Life We Bury" is one of the better first novels I've ever read, and one of the top first mystery novels I've ever read. It highly deserves all the awards it has won. Score another win for an outstanding Minnesota author! :-)
 For the first third of the book (or thereabouts) I felt as though I had found a gem. The writing style was an unexpected and very welcome pleasure. And the build-up of the story was definitely captivating.<br/>But as the story proceeded, the writing style and storytelling drastically regressed to the point of embarrassment. It almost felt like a different author had jumped in and had taken over the writing.<br/><br/>I compared that sudden 'new' style to an episode of Scooby Doo, with it's silly and predictable, "And I would have gotten away with it too, if it weren't for you meddling kids". The deeper into the story, the more cartoonish it - and the characters - became.<br/>I don't know what happened during the writing of this book, but something changed drastically after the first third of the book; enough so that I almost gave up on it... although it's not in my nature to not finish what I start (unfortunately, in this case).<br/><br/>The bottom-line is that the strong early start to this book only makes the disappointment of the latter parts of the book feel even greater.<br/>It may be worth a read for some mystery fans, but just be prepared for a drastic drop-off in quality that eventually careens into the juvenile.
 This is two books.  I wish it had stuck with the first, because then I would have been more secure in my five star rating.<br/><br/>The background: the narrator is a college student with an assignment to write a biography of someone old.  He ends up with a convicted murderer.  As he begins his writing, we get introduced to his alcoholic mother, autistic brother and attractive neighbor (this all happens in the first pages - no spoilers).  As we get to know all of them, we learn that all of them have buried at least one life in their past.  Thus, the novel's name.  This was a terrific study.  What could have been soap operatic, was truly thoughtful and interesting.  That was the first 50-60% of the book.<br/><br/>After that, it turned into a murder mystery thriller with our intrepid narrator becoming a sleuth and being endangered at every turn.  This was completely different in pace and tone from the first part of the book.  Equally excellent, but totally different.<br/><br/>Murder mystery thrillers are very common.  The kind of insight and character development of the first part of this book is not.  I wish Mr. Eskens had stuck with the first part throughout.  But he did a masterful job with the thriller, so all-in-all it was still extremely entertaining.  Highly recommended.
 This is how a book I read earns 5 stars: 1) I can't wait to go to bed to read the next few chapters and this book had me crawling in extra early! 2) The plot is interwoven in such a way that it makes sense, but still keeps you off-balance for the next twist, and this book did just that, time after time. 3) The characters are believable, real, yet flawed as all humans are. I loved these characters and my empathy for them was as strong as if they were someone I knew in real life. 4) Eskens' writing is superb and he had me marveling at his talent. His metaphors are so amazing, I am still thinking about them. What a creative mind! 5) I want a sequel to come out - I'd love to read about the next adventure!
 Allen Eskens generously shares with us the story of a regular guy, Joe Talbert, who's trying his darnedest to just get through a single day without something blowing up in his path.  As a young college student, he finds himself juggling a common set of balls, not unlike so many of society's middle-of-the-road young adults--homework, a job, keeping his rusty heap of a car running, meeting his day-to-day financial obligations, a pile of school debt staring him down, blah, blah, blah.  If those were all the tasks he had to deal with, life would be easy-peasy, but this poor kid has a few additional helpings on his plate than most.  His unwed mother is a bipolar, manic-depressive alcoholic who both relies upon and blames him for every dark moment in her life.  His teenage brother, Jeremy, is autistic and has an emotional/psychological maturity of a 7-year old, and unfortunately is under the "care" of their mom.  Add in the dull, but constant, ache of the tragic accidental death<br/>of his beloved grandfather, when Joe was 11 years old.  So that's the fabric of Joe's life.  Until he meets Carl Iverson, a decorated Vietnam veteran, and convicted rapist &amp; murderer, who's been medically paroled to a nursing home after spending thirty years in prison.  Carl has been sentenced to live out the remaining days of his life imprisoned within the grip of pancreatic cancer.  Their encounter begins when Joe's English professor assigns the task to interview a stranger and write a brief biography of that person.  Sparing further story details, suffice it to say, Joe has yet another obstacle to overcome, as his relationship with Carl begins to reveal twists and inconsistencies as to how his case and conviction was handled.  As Carl's days and health erode, Joe throws himself into uncovering the truth, prying open doors and exposing coverups that had been secured by bureaucratic keys for 30 years.<br/><br/>The Life We Bury is so beautifully written, I felt compelled to highlight phrases in yellow pen:  "No one can change the sound of an echo." A description of the facade of the nursing home:  "The place squatted on its foundation like a football tackle."  Sharing a snapshot of his home life:  "Even a brief visit to my mom's place could be like a walk through a thistle patch.  I never met my father and had no idea if he still stained the Earth."  His boyhood house:  "Walls as thin as crackers."  On having to leave his brother behind in order to begin his college life:  "The memory of Jeremy looking up at me continues to breathe."  Allen Eskens, you are a Master Word-Weaver!<br/><br/>This is a story of determination, devotion, friendship and loyalty.  But also a wild ride of suspense . . . the ultimate "who-dunnit" mystery.  It builds momentum, so eat a hearty meal before you begin, because you are NOT going to want to stop reading until you hit the final page. Thank you, Allen Eskens, for sharing your gift.  5 Stars!
 My first Eskens read. I was hesitant at first because I'm not always keen on stories about murders of teens. But according to the reviews, this is one I had to give into. I really enjoyed it. I listened to it on audio. A good book can be easily ruined by a narrator with an annoying voice, but the narrator of this audio was really great. Definitely a MUST read for mystery/murder/thriller lovers.
 I listened to the audio book version.  The story started quickly and easily, drawing you in within the first chapter.  Excellent character development without being too drawn out.  I could easily relate to both Joe and Lila.  Their backstories were well written and woven in at just the right places in the story.  The author has a way of telling the story that makes you feel as if you are there with the characters; describing the scenes with such detail that you can imagine the scene unfolding before your eyes.  All this without being over the top - you get the sense of the detail without getting lost in it.  I found myself rewinding a few times just to re-listen to the words the author used to describe a feeling or a thought.  Narrator was excellent.  Both a new favorite author and narrator!
 I love stumbling across books that are unexpected gems, and I am very grateful someone gifted this to me because I really enjoyed it.  Joe is a cash-strapped, but hard-working college student, grateful to have escaped a troubling home life.  When he gets an assignment to write the biography of a senior, he goes to the nearest retirement community to look for a subject.  That’s when he meets Carl, a Viet Nam vet and convicted murderer who has been released from prison to await his death from cancer.  As Joe and Carl slowly gain each other’s trust, Joe begins to doubt Carl’s guilt.  The more Joe becomes vested in Carl’s case, learning about Carl’s traumatic past, the more he’s determined to prove his innocence.<br/><br/>I adored Joe, I respected his determination, and I sympathized with his hard luck.  Besides Carl’s plotline, there were episodes when Joe had to come to the rescue of his autistic brother, defending him from their bipolar, alcoholic mother and her abusive boyfriend. And there was so much more to like about this book, including the clever writing, the compelling mystery, and the well-developed characters.  Overall, this was a smart, expertly crafted novel that will appeal to anyone who loves a good thriller.
 I finished this book a couple of weeks ago and I feel like it has taken me that long to sort out my feelings about it. On one hand, I thoroughly enjoyed this suspenseful piece of work about a cold-blooded killer, and on the other hand, I felt it fell a little flat. Let me explain.<br/><br/>The Life We Bury is based in Minneapolis where a college student, Joe, is given an English assignment to interview a stranger. Given the fact that he doesn't have much family to speak of, or any that he wants to be associated with at least, it leaves him with no choice but to go to a nearby nursing home and hope the staff will have someone that can help him. They suggest Carl, a recently released murderer who has been sent to the nursing home to live out his final days before he dies of cancer.<br/><br/>The rest of the story entails Joe trying to find out Carl's life story and fit the pieces together of what could have possibly turned a Vietnam hero into a killer. Roadblocks are thrown in his way, however, as he has to deal with his alcoholic mother and the responsibility of taking care of his autistic brother.<br/><br/>I absolutely loved the characters that Eskens created and I felt connected to them, especially Joe's brother. The writing was rich and descriptive and I commiserated with Joe's frustrations and challenges as if I had experienced them myself. The author did an excellent job making characters we cared about and wanted to root for, and I enjoyed the backstory behind each one. The plot, however, didn't do much for me. No spoilers, but from the beginning I felt I could solve the mystery and the storylines were all pretty obvious that I was correct. This didn't ruin it for me but it didn't make me feel like I was reading a book in the suspense genre either.<br/><br/>Overall, this book was a great novel to read if you are looking for a story with a predictable plot but with spectacular characters. While I can't say that it was a huge mystery, there was some suspense involved along with amazing writing. I can't wait to read another book by Allen Eskens as I feel he has a long and successful writing career ahead of him.
 This book is a story within a story. Told in first person by Joe, a 21 year old college student, the current story is about his assignment to write the life story of an elderly person. It is also about Joe's coming of age and the obstacles he must overcome in his personal life. The second story is about Carl, an elderly convicted murderer who Is the subject of Joe's assignment. In order to do so, Joe must delve into Carl's past. The author  reveals a little information at a time, which filled my mind with new questions at the end of each chapter. I could hardly put the book down. I wanted to know "was he innocent or guilty? If he as innocent, then who did it and why?  It was in no way predictable to me -- I like mysteries, but do not read many.  I don't like the gory stuff but this book had a little of EVERYTHING -- suspense, romance, conflict, etc...If I had to pick a similar author, it would be John Grisham because both authors are lawyers and they both write page-turners.<br/>  The title of this book refers to what people try to forget. I just finished reading The Things We Keep (Hepworth) which was excellent and about the exact opposite - things we want to remember!  Discussing both would make a good discussion.
 THE LIFE WE BURY contained many layers of stories, so I felt I really got to know the main character, Joe Talbert.  First, he's having to deal with his alcoholic mom and his autistic brother.  Second, he's off to college, working as a bouncer, and lives in an apartment next door to this girl that he has a crush on.  Third, he's doing an English assignment where he meets Carl who was sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a neighbor girl, and he may or may not have committed the crime.  The main story, of course, is what we learn about Carl and the life he buried, but also important is what learn about Joe and the life he's trying to bury.  In an odd match, Carl and Joe help each other work out their issues by reconciling the past with the present (and future).  The novel is very well written and moves along at a good pace.  As one chapter ended, I wanted to jump right into the next to see what happened.  It's a great mystery, with some heart-tugging moments.
 This is a well done story of how a college project ends up being a life saving event.<br/>Esken's writes well, he keeps it simple and he moves the story along with well developed characters. I especially like his character development.  He does not load the reader with multiple people to keep in mind.  The ones introduced become better understood  as the story line progresses.  We meet Joe Talbert, college student and a really nice kid.  He is infinitely patient with his 18 year old autistic brother Jeremy. He has a college assignment which involves interviewing a dying convicted murderer. Joe decides to prove Carl innocent before his death.  Lots of action and close calls for Joe nearly result in his own death.  His sidekick is a beautiful college girl who agrees to help but wants no involvement with Joe----you know how that works out.
 I don't normally write reviews of books, but I really enjoyed this book. I purchased it because it was written by a local author. There are many layers to this book and a lot of character development. The plot deepens as the book progresses. The latter half of the book also has some action/adventure. This book is written from the viewpoint of a young male college student who is trying to gain independence while leaving behind a difficult childhood. He is torn with the desire to explore his own dreams, be authentic to himself, but struggles with leaving his autistic brother with his unstable, chemically dependent and mentally ill mother. Another main character is a Vietnam vet who's lived much of his life in prison, convicted of rape and murder. The young college student becomes involved with the Vietnam vet as part of a project for one of his college courses. I'm a female that typically likes historical fiction as my favorite genre, but I had no problem seeing things through the main character's point of view. I'm normally not a super fast reader, but I read this book in less then a week. Loved it.
 Put the book down after reading about half. Bored one day and finished it. Ok read but so predictable. So many books have the character who is so smart and can solve the case without police. Dumb. As I say ok but not the best.
 Joe Talbert is a college student tasked with the assignment of interviewing a stranger and writing his/her biography. He finds Carl Iverson at a nearby nursing home. Carl is a decorated Vietnam veteran — and also a convicted felon.<br/><br/>In 1980, Carl was convicted of raping and murdering a 14-year-old girl. Now, dying of cancer, he’s been medically paroled to the nursing home to live out his final days.<br/><br/>As Joe interviews Carl, and those closest to Carl, he finds it difficult to believe that Carl could be capable of committing such a heinous crime. With the help of his girlfriend and his autistic brother, Joe sets out to find out to find the truth behind the murder, and exonerate Carl before his death.<br/><br/>*****<br/><br/>Amazon kept recommending this book to me, and I kept ignoring it. Then, a co-worker read it and loved it, lending it to me when he was finished. It was fine.<br/><br/>I won’t rave about it, nor am I regretful that I read it. It was just, fine. It was a quick read — I read it within a day and a half, not devoting any more time to reading than I normally do. The writing was succinct and the story was engaging.<br/><br/>I liked that the chapters were quite short. The books I’ve been reading lately seem to have marathon chapters, and this was a nice break from that. The story moved quickly, and without excessive detail – which I also appreciated.<br/><br/>I didn’t feel that the characters were deeply developed – I considered them to be surface characters, invented mainly for the purpose of advancing the plot. I’m fine with this, but I didn’t feel attached to any of them, or even particularly like them. I felt indifferent to them.<br/><br/>Also, because the story moved so quickly, there were times when I felt that the pieces fell too perfectly and simplistically into place. At one point, one of the characters made an obscure, off-hand comment, which caused a light-bulb to go off over the head of another character, who then solved a complex mystery. I thought, “Okay, that was way too simple — in real life that never would have been figured out so quickly, or by a couple of amateurs.”<br/><br/>Further, it seemed that the police force and detectives should have been able to solve this case more efficiently than they did — but they had a perpetrator in mind, and they didn’t seem to investigate anyone else.<br/><br/>Anyway. I seem to stand alone on my mediocre review of this book — if you look on Amazon it has almost 3,000 reviews, and is rated at 4.5 stars. I didn’t connect to this book with any such intensity. I didn’t think it was particularly unique; to me, it was a standard “whodunnit.” But, it was a quick, fun read, and I appreciate it for that.
 I wanted a how to book.  This was not what I expected.  I thought it would give examples of many fonts but only shows you a couple of pages none of which are special in any way.
 3.625.  What is this, you ask?  It is actually my rating for The Life We Bury, by Allen Eskens. And I have to admit that I have never given this rating before.  Why now?  I just couldn't decide between 3.5 and 3.75.  I tried multiple times but no go.  So there you have it - my 1st 3.625.  Don't worry.  I won't be coming up with a 3.5625.<br/><br/>Obviously I really like this book - a lot.  Before I start waxing enthusiastically, let me tell you what The Life We Bury is about:<br/><br/>  College student Joe Talbert is on deadline to complete a writing assignment for an English class.  His task is to interview a stranger and write a brief biography, so Joe heads to a nearby nursing home to find a willing subject.  There he meets Carl Iverson, a dying Vietnam veteran - and a convicted murderer.  With only a few months to live, Carl has been medically paroled after spending thirty years in prison for the crimes of rape and murder.<br/>  As Joe writes about Carl's life, especially Carl's valor in Vietnam, he cannot reconcile the heroism of the soldier with the despicable acts of the convict.  With the help of Lila, his skeptical neighbor, Joe throws himself into uncovering the truth, but he is hamstrung in his efforts by having to deal with his dangerously dysfunctional mother, the guilt of leaving his autistic brother vulnerable, and a haunting childhood memory.<br/>  Thread by thread, Joe unravels the tapestry of Carl's conviction.  But as he and Lila dig deeper into the circumstances of the crime, the stakes grow higher.  Will Joe discover the truth before it's too late to escape the fallout?<br/><br/>I was into this book from the beginning.  But it definitely picked up steam as it went along. Normally I list what I like by number.  But I'm going to mix it up this time.  I will use dashes instead!<br/><br/>- I usually form emotional connections with individuals.  This time, though, my emotional connections were with couples - Joe and Lila, Joe and Carl, Joe and Jeremy, Lila and Jeremy, Lila and Carl, etc.  Well, you get the idea.  This is definitely unusual for me.<br/>- The Life We bury crosses a number of genres - literary fiction, historical fiction (the section on Vietnam seems very accurate - and My Lai-like), mystery, and suspense.  You might even have to add YA, because the 2 main protagonists are 21 (we will eventually have a "discussion" about genre classification).<br/>- I had plenty of tears, head nods and shakes, and OMGs.<br/>- Joe works as a bouncer.  And I actually learned the moves a bouncer has to make in order to bring a person or situation under control.  It's fascinating.<br/>- There were several major twists that I never saw coming (no surprise there!).<br/>- Eskers really knows how to write:<br/><br/>_Her geniality faded like a toy succumbing to a dead battery, her eyes no longer weightless, her dimples gone.<br/>_She had curly brown hair that sprayed out from her head like the tentacles of a sea anemone.<br/>_It was like washing the dust off a window that you didn't realize was dirty. (when Joe sees Lila with makeup for the 1st time)<br/>_Her words rose and purled in a graceful arabesque and then kicked with jazz. (seeing Lila very animated)<br/>_Tufts of hair stuck out of my head in all directions, like I'd been cow-licked by a drunken heifer.<br/>_"And Joe," Rupert said.  "If this is a wild-goose chase, I'll be calling on you.  I don't like getting yanked around.  Are we clear?"  "Crystal," I said.  - I'm sure you remember that this is what Tom Cruise said in A Few Good Men.  But here, the 14-year old girl who was murdered was named Crystal.  A very cool double meaning.<br/>_In the middle of the table, a half-empty bottle of Jack Daniel's stood out like a holiday centerpiece.<br/>_...and her hair looked like a wad of burned copper wire.<br/><br/>The Life We Bury is Allen Eskens' debut novel, published in 2014.  He has another one out now called The Guise of Another.  I will definitely read it.  This guy is good.  Oh, and if you want to talk about TLWB at the Los Gatos Library Evening Book Club meeting, it's Tuesday, August 16, from 6:30-7:30.
 “No matter how hard you try, there are some things you just can’t run away from.” – Alan Eskens, The Life We Bury<br/><br/>The Life We Bury is written from the perspective of Joe Talbert, a college student who is assigned to write a biography on someone he doesn’t know. Not really knowing where to find someone to write about, Joe heads to a local nursing home and asks the staff if there is a resident who might be willing to talk to him. Because most of the residents are Alzheimer’s patients, they suggest he speak with Carl Iverson, a dying Vietnam veteran and convicted murderer/rapist who has recently been released from prison.<br/><br/>Initially, seeking a confession, Joe and his doubtful neighbor, Lila, find themselves deeply involved in uncovering the truth about Carl’s past. Joe’s family issues (an alcoholic mother and autistic brother) play naturally into this story. Joe and Carl are well matched characters as they both find a missing piece in each other. Joe soon realizes that some people would rather the truth remain buried. Joe has been through some things in his short life that help him relate to Carl and this keeps him striving to uncover the truth no matter the cost.<br/><br/>There are many unexpected twists in this book that I didn’t figure out before they were revealed and the characters are likeable which made it that much better. Highly recommend for mystery/thriller lovers!
 Joe Talbert is a full-time student, part-time bar bouncer, and hard working young man. As part of an English class, he is assigned to interview somebody and write a 'biography' of that person. Not knowing where to turn (his father is gone, his mother is a barely-functioning alcoholic trying to care for Joe's autistic brother), he goes to a local nursing home hoping to find someone with an interesting life. He meets Carl Iverson - convicted rapist/murderer, dying of pancreatic cancer, released from prison to live out his days at the nursing home. Joe is hesitant at first, and Carl is suspicious, but gradually they open up to each other. What follows is a suspenseful tale of new love, cracked codes, chases, kidnappings, shootings, beatings... well, you get the picture. The story is told in first-person by Joe, and he can weave quite a narrative. I really, really enjoyed this book - things are not what they seem, and roadblocks pop up from out of nowhere. Happy reading!
 This been author is good at creating foreboding &amp; suspense. As Joe, our main character collects clues while getting himself drawn in much too deep, the reader is saying "No, no, Joe! Step back and take care of yourself."  The last few chapters are full of dangerous twists &amp; unexpected turns, as well as a surprise revelation. And then "they all live happily ever after." Well, slightly more complicated than that, but you get the picture.<br/><br/>As with most novels of this genre, several lucky twists of fate provide more direction to the characters than could realistically occur. Still, Joe pursues the obvious path until the "unusual suspect" becomes known. This story tugs the heart strings for a handful of reasons and makes Joe a very loveable character.  A fun read but not a 5 due to the formulaic layout of the story.
 Very good debut mystery/thriller. I look forward to more of this writer's work. The best part of the book were the excellent characterizations. I actually got emotionally attached to Joe, his girlfriend, and especially his autistic brother Jeremy. I wanted to know more about their lives after the story ended. The plot kept me firmly entrenched although a little bit predictable at times. I had figured out who was the real killer well before the big reveal. However, this did not detract from my enjoyment of the book overall. I was satisfied with the ending and felt justice was done for Joe's friend Carl and the dead girl. You will not be disappointed in this book if you like well written mysteries/thrillers. Keep these kind of excellent books coming Allen Eskens<br/><br/>'
 I'm giving this book 4 stars, mainly for the character development of the protagonist and some of the characters that surround him.  The two Vietnam vets, the girlfriend, and the brother of the protagonist all add a lot to the story and are pretty well-drawn.  It felt to me like the first half of the book was a bit slow -- but after that things really cracked right along, and I appreciated the pace of the first half, and all of the things that were set up during it.  The main flaw of the book, imo, is one that I perceive in many "amateur sleuth" mysteries -- the amateur who decides to play detective behaves in ways that I find impossible to believe.  (Yes, I know it's fiction, but I still want it to be plausible and based on human nature and the way a person might behave.)  This book is better than most in that regard, though, and hence the 4th star.  I found myself admiring the way Eskens used the main character's history and resulting psychological make-up to cause him to behave in the way he does, for the first two-thirds or so of the book.  I just felt like he took it a little too far in the final third.
 For being the first book this author has written, it was very good.  I figured out plot early in the book but I still enjoyed it all the way to the last page (there is a nice surprise for the characters at the end).  The characters were well written and easy to relate to.  I just ordered his second book after reading a sneak peak at the end of this book.  The Life We Bury would make a really good movie.
 "I have to say the words out loud. I have to tell someone the truth about what happened all those years ago. I have to tell someone the truth about what I did."<br/><br/>College student Joe Talbert has a lot on his plate: an alcoholic Mother, a brother with Autism, a job and college courses. He is attempting to handle it all when he is given a writing assignment for an English Class. His assignment is to interview a stranger and write a brief biography of that individual. He decides to go to a local nursing home where the staff suggest he interview Carl Iverson. Carl is a decorated Viet Nam Veteran and also a convicted murderer. He is in the Nursing home because he is dying of Cancer (no spoiler we are told this right away). Carl agrees to tell his "dying declaration" to Joe in return for absolute honesty between them.<br/><br/>What begins as a simple writing assignment turns into something much, much bigger. Carl has been convicted of raping and murdering a 14 year old girl 30 years earlier. Joe finds that he must know all the facts in order to write his school assignment. That means looking at court records, crime scene photos, learning about Carl's time in Viet Nam and speaking to those involved in the criminal case. While attempting to write Carl's biography, Joe also has to take care of his brother, study at school, pursue a relationship and work. He finds that his time with Carl is life changing.<br/><br/>As the truth begins to come out the suspense begins to build in this book. This book becomes somewhat of a thriller - a literary thriller. The character development in this book was extremely good. I found the story to be absorbing, and told at the right pace. It is not your classic page turner but I found I could not put it down. This debut novel won awards and it is easy to see why. It is fantastic.<br/><br/>I will definitely be reading more books by this author! Highly recommend.
 The premise is good, but the writing is terrible - FULL of annoying cliches, bad, elementary analogies and contains an extremely predictable story line and ending.  I had to finish this for book club, but by the third chapter, the bad writing became very annoying.  Felt like I was reading a script for a bad TV movie.  No character development, except for the main character (not that great either), and lacks depth in all areas.  Felt like a novella written by a high school student.  SKIP THIS ONE.
 Wow! I must be wrong, 5,300+ people really liked this book, I wanted to be one of them.<br/>I think the cover photo is great! but neither the story nor the narrator seemed anywhere as good as everyone seems to think?!<br/>The story is so cliche, either that or the narrator (Zach Villa) just killed it with his monotone voice. Sometimes a good narrator can make a bad book tolerable, the opposite is sometimes also the case, a bad narrator can ruin a good book.<br/>Maybe I should have read it ;oP
 Allen Eskens should be proud of his debut.  It is good for all the reasons stated in other reviews, but allow me to slant my review another way.  When I read fiction, I am just as interested in discovering the author as I am in discovering the story.  As a writer myself, I try to hide pieces of myself in the narrative, like a breadcrumb trail leading to both my lightness and darkness.  I look for that in others’ writing too.<br/><br/>I’m usually unimpressed with romance or sex scenes in books.  True sexiness is rare.  Either it sounds raunchy, or dorky, or worse: self-conscious.  But take a look at this:<br/><br/>“When Lila opened her door, I was astonished.  A red sweater hugged her torso and waistline, showing off curves I didn’t know she had, and a shiny black skirt squeezed her hips, sliding down her thighs as smooth as melting chocolate.  She wore makeup, which I’d never seen her do before, her cheeks, her lips, her eyes all quietly demanding my attention.  It was like washing the dust off a window you didn’t realize was dirty.”  (161)<br/><br/>Also:<br/><br/>“’…You see, Joe,’ she said, her lips twitching upward into a frightened smile, ‘I have issues.’<br/>  I brushed my cheek against the soft tickle of her hair, then I wrapped one arm around her waist, the other under her tucked-up knees, and lifted her off the couch.  I walked her to her bedroom, laid her in bed, rolled a comforter up to her shoulders, and bent down and kissed her cheek, which creased with a slight smile.<br/>  ‘I’m not afraid of issues,’ I said, letting the words settle on her before I stood up to leave…’” (173)<br/><br/>That’s one side of Eskens.  Sensitive and sensual.  Idealistic.  Appreciative and respectful of femininity.<br/>Then, there’s tough guy.  Protective, aware.  Sporty.  A bit macho but not in that clichéd dumb way.  Reckless &amp; persistent in the pursuit of real justice.<br/><br/>I have some minor, hopefully constructive, criticism.  I thought he was a bit too instructive in dialogue at times.  The Occam’s Razor and Pascal’s Gambit are two examples of terms that were deliberately positioned in dialogue just to be explained with some more expository dialogue.  I feel that hinting at what you mean rather than using specific terms outright would sound more natural in the normal conversations of everyday guys like Carl and Joe.  Also, be careful how often very specific words are used.  For example, the word “bicep” appeared about 6 times in this work.  It may not seem like a lot in the span of 300 pages, but it is.  Overuse of generic terms will go unnoticed, unlike lots of specific terms which smack of artificiality.  I also thought the title’s tone and mood were not exactly reflective of the book’s content.
 This book represents everything that is wrong with modern, top-selling literature; The reading level made me believe I was reading a book for young adults (Hardy Boys is a good comparison I saw), the main male protagonist was hypocritical and incredibly inept at making decisions, and filled to the brim with the worst stereotypes a story can offer.<br/><br/>I would like to write out each stereotype, but I cannot do it without giving away a large amount of "spoilers". However, I will say that we read this for a book club and when we hit page 80, it was so bad that we decided to play a game: write down all the familiar tropes we think will be in this book and whoever ever has the most correct - gets to select the next book to read. The winner had won on 14. FOURTEEN. We actually had unraveled the entire plot of the book by page 80: the killer, how it happened, how the characters discover it - almost everything. It's as if the author read a "How to write a Murder Mystery" guide.<br/><br/>Last but certainly not least, I want to talk about how 'rapey' Joe came across - you know, the man whose investigating a rape? Our entire bookclub group, that's split evenly with men and women, were very uncomfortable when reading these parts. Many times I thought, is this how the author himself is?? Lines such as " There was something about her leave-me-the-fuck alone attitude that hooked me", or perhaps the scene where Joe asks out a neighbor he likes and she immediately becomes uncomfortable and wants to leave so he blurts out " You can't leave!" and then proceeds to stalk her all the way to her apartment's door. , OR the scene where the same girl is upset after just reading about a gruesome rape and all Joe can concentrate on is how she hasn't noticed how close his hand is to hers. You know those college campus "No, means no!" campaigns? Those campaigns are meant for guys like Joe.<br/><br/>All in all, the scariest part of this book are the raving reviews. Do not read this.
