 Having put this book off for years because I detest following the crowd, I finally picked it up last week and added it to the virtual books on the nightstand (I.e.Kindle open books.)  Instead of the heavy, religious themed read I expected, I found a fanciful tale of secret societies, secret codes, and espionage that kept my interest until the end, far longer than I initially expected. In a few years, I no doubt will read it again and let the story flow as it was meant, now that my preconceived prejudices are proven false.
 I love the fact that Mr. Brown pulls on our shared global knowledge of certain works of art then expands on those with less widely know artworks that are just as amazing, I spend a good half my time looking at Google images of the works he described.<br/><br/>He also does what many authors aspire to do, makes the world think, ponder and question what we take for granted as solid fact.  As he mentioned specifically in this book, it is the victors who write history, and how many events of all history are either skewed to favor the current ruling parties or completely rewritten to change what was the previous "known" history.  This makes me wonder how much truth has been lost over the centuries (too much) and just what the actual truth may be.  This book has sparked many a theological discussion as well as getting many people who never were that "into" art, interested in the idea that art is another form of recording our past and how art has been used throughout time to support governments, subvert governments, and tell the story of humanity.<br/><br/>Well worth the read.
 Usually I never give my kids abridged or rewritten books because I want them to enjoy the originals when the time is appropriate. With this book, I wouldn't consider it a classic, and I think the omitted parts wouldn't take away from its "rush."  I gave this to my 12-year old daughter thinking how much she would enjoy it. I wasn't wrong. Now I just hope Dan Brown converts his other books into YA versions.
 This was a re-read for me. I used to have a hard copy when it first came out. I admire Dan Brown's ability to spin a gripping tale, making the detailed background come alive. Robert Langdon, a professor from Harvard and world renowned symbologist, is in Paris for a presentation. Asleep in his hotel suite, he receives a call from the front desk informing him an officer of the French police, is trying to reach him. After putting the officer off, he gets another call from the front desk informing him the police are sending someone to take him to the superior officer. And thus starts a deepening mystery, fraught with clues and intrigue, that takes the reader on a series of twists and turns, and murder after murder. The two protagonists: a secret society and the Roman Catholic Church. What, you who haven't read the book, nor seen the movie, might say? I say, sit back and get ready for a most different thriller than you've ever experienced! Good reading.
 This book is amazing. It is very long and somewhat of a complex story so you need to be in the mood. It is definitely not a light read but it is so worth it. The historical and religious references throughout the book are so eye opening and definitely could be offense to the strongly religious type. I thoroughly enjoyed reading about pieces of artwork or places and then going to do a bit of research on my own. This book is suspenseful, thought provoking, and above all extremely entertaining. The ending is a huge surprise but the plot twists are abundant throughout the book and will keep you on your toes.
 It's been years since this 'The Da Vinci Code' has been out, and I'm sure everything has been said that needs to be said about it, but I would like to share my own personal story about this book.<br/><br/>It was around 2004-2005. I was out of university and working. I was one of those Americans that didn't pick up a book after college at the time, you know, the majority of them. Maybe it was because there were no good books around, maybe I thought adult novels were too long, whatever it was, I didn't read. I don't know how I stumbled upon this book. I believe a lot of people were talking about it, a lot, so I thought, "why not give this one a try?"<br/><br/>It took a couple of weeks to finish as I like to savor every word an author has written. I read it as fast as I could with each chapter ending in some breathless cliffhanger. And like an episode of television, I didn't want to binge-watch like people do these days; I read a few chapters in each sitting waiting in anticipation for the next day to read more. I don't want to say anything about the topic of the book as I went in completely blind and ended up wonderfully surprised and immensely enjoyed it, and I would want the same for you. (An aside: I grew up Christian, but ended up being an Atheist). I do think an open mind, and some light background knowledge of Christianity will help in truly enjoying this book.<br/><br/>I've never read a book like this, if ever, at the time. It was thrilling, it was well-researched, it made me think this could almost be real. It is the definition of a must-read. That's all that should be said about this book. But what I would like to say is that this book was the spark that restarted my love for reading that I had as a kid. I read a lot as a kid, but sometimes we are forced to read things, and kids do not like being forced to do things (parents, that's a lesson for you). The forcing of reading could be a reason I was turned off of books for a few years, but if there was ever a book to get you started again, this is, *the book*.<br/><br/>Now, about Dan Brown's ability to write, I've read what others have said about his writing style, and I don't agree with them for this book. I wasn't conscious about it for 'The Da Vinci Code', but I can see and understand other people's perspective on it. However, if you've read one of his books, you've read them all. Dan Brown's books are like James Bond films, they all follow a formula with similar ingredients, but we still keep watching them because the formula works. I do recommend his other books starring Robert Langdon ('<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons/dp/0743275063/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons</a>', '<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Inferno/dp/0385539851/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Inferno</a>', *NOT* '<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/B00QPO0E9W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a>'—that was a snoozer).<br/><br/>Pick The Da Vinci Code up, borrow it, get the illustrated version (it's the best version)  see photos], but read this book if you haven't already. It's significantly better than the film, and I think you will enjoy it as most of the world has. Recommended!
 Dan Brown has concocted a gripping and strongly paced thriller that weaves together The Holy Grail, pagan symbolism, secret Templar societies, biblical studies, the history of the Church, and the work of Leonardo Da Vinci into a melange that, weirdly enough, melds into a very readable and fairly taut story.<br/><br/>Following the symbolic code left by a murdered curator of the Louvre Museum, Robert Langdon, Harvard symbologist, must unravel a 2,000 year old mystery that cuts to the heart of the Christian faith, following the clues hidden in the works of Leonardo Da Vinci. Aided by the curator's cryptographer daughter, the trail leads them to the Priory of Sion, a clandestine Templar society that is protecting a deadly secret, now being hunted by another group that will stop at nothing to protect the faith.<br/><br/>Although there are mixed reviews regarding the historical accuracy of the information that Brown bases his thriller on, his rich interpretation of symbolism provides the heart of the story and the clues to the mystery are endlessly fascinating. In the end, the book will probably be regarded as sensationalist and trashy by some, and truthful, thought-provoking and challenging by others. For myself, I found it to be a thoroughly agreeable thriller, easy to delve into and hard to put down.
 I had such a hard time getting into this maze of suspicions, hearsay and contrived subplots. I got bored with all the unnecessary ramblings about scenery. All that hype about this book. I’m not overly religious and wasn’t offended as a zealot might have been. This was a mishmash of different theories that had me bored to tears. At least I can applaud myself for struggling through 3/4 of this book.
 I read this book a second time after 10 years and it was still thrilling to me until the end. It was even fun traveling in Paris while reading it and knowing the locations and actually seeing that all the historical information given here are facts. I like Dan Browns way to provide interesting facts wrapped under a fictional story. I recently read Dan Brown's Inferno and my rating here is probably in comparison to that. It is a great read but not without it's 'oh this again' moments.
 Really good book from a great author! The Robert Langdon series is a must read if you like a little thrill and conspiracy thrown in a historical context. I have read criticism of Dan Brown's writing style but I enjoy reading his books! I had watched the movie first (don't hate me) and decided to pick this up at the airport. I read almost the entire book on my flight to Finland, it kept me engaged and wanting more, in a good way. Of course the book is better than the movie 9/10 times, if you haven't already get this book. I even rebought The Da Vinci Code in digital copy so I could have it on my Kindle!
 This work is an absolutely exciting, cleverly written cat-and-mouse chase which will run through your most deeply held convictions – one which continues to challenge today’s real institutions, or perhaps even support traditional beliefs, but certainly unsettling any status quo between man and faith and all the underlying pillars of everyday life.  THE DAVINCI CODE, therefore, easily remains one of the most excitingly written suspense novels – or creative historical codex – of our time.<br/><br/>Nowadays, the general premise is widely known, and in whichever camp one’s convictions may lay there is surely an abundance of artistic entertainment here.  Beyond the last page, however, is where the tale really begins; the struggle within oneself.<br/><br/>Absent blind allegiance, the narrative encourages you to read this work in different contexts, i.e., other, more studious works on which it is based.  Take, for example, "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" (Baigent, Leigh &amp; Lincoln), whose groundbreaking study in 1982 upset the status quo in their time; then, perhaps, consider the Nag Hammadi scriptures, discovered in 1945, or the known record concerning the Council of Nicea (AD 325) and discover the reasons of the "missing books" of the Bible.  These are but a few, but all equal building blocks which may even be found hidden within the U.S. Declaration of Independence.<br/><br/>In any case, this book will capture your attention with much detail, certainly test all you may have been taught, and in a more profound way than any Hollywood movie has dared to produce - even its own namesake.<br/><br/>Read the book for yourself, free and independent of other rigid views, and you will enjoy the ride….
 Just recently bought this for my travels to Thailand and I am really impressed with the quality of the camera. I was originally looking at a go pro but was told by a friend to give one of these a go and I have not been disappointed. Very much looking forward to using it snorkeling and the many other activities I am attending. Just as good as a go pro for the price!
 This has to be one of my favorite books. This was probably the best one of the series, but the others are equal or very close behind. I have read everything Dan Brown has ever written and I am a big fan. These are fairly quick easy reads, but they are full of excitement and surprises. It is hard to have a novel keep you guessing until the end but that is exactly what this does. I think I read it in one sitting because I just couldn't put it down.
 As I am a Japanese, this is the very first book that I completed reading in English.<br/>I bought this book because this book was #1 seller for several years!<br/>I couldn't put this book down until the end. After finish this one, I have read all of Dan Brown's books.<br/>I actually liked "Angels and Demons" better than Da Vinci Code, because Angels got some romance with it.
 While the storyline of 'The DaVinci Code' is fast paced, it's predictable and rather preachy at times with Brown's knowledge of artworks and Parisian topography.  Having never been to Paris or had the opportunity to visit the Louvre, I might have been lost in the sea of descriptions had it not been for The Illustrated Edition of this book.<br/><br/>The plot can be summed up quickly.  Robert Langdon, a Harvard Professor of Religious Symbology, is summoned from his Paris hotel room to the Louvre, where curator Jacques Sauniere has been strangely murdered.  Sauniere left behind cryptic clues as to the whereabouts of the Holy Grail, long protected by a secret brotherhood called the Priory Of Sion.  Its up to Langdon, accused of the murder, and Agent Sophie Neveu from the French police cryptology division to unravel the secrets of Sauniere's code before the Opus Dei religious sect steals the secret of the Grail; and they will stop at nothing.<br/><br/>Though I found it easy to guess who The Teacher was, and found the ending to be almost an apology, the story was fast paced and entertaining in a vanilla sort of way.  What made this book rise from three to four stars was the beauty of the Illustrated Edition.<br/><br/>The Illustrated Edition is packed with full color photos of items mentioned in the book, such as a 'cilice belt' and the nautilus of a shell, but also the pieces of art mentioned and photos of places such as the Louvre, Westminster Abbey, and the many cathedrals mentioned.  I believe I would have been lost at times without the visual references, or spending a lot of time googling images.  The Illustrated Edition made the story faster, more colorful, and easier to read.<br/><br/>The book is very beautiful.  You get the feeling you are holding an art book and reading a fantastical history, but must remind yourself this is simply a work of fiction no matter how many references were used.  Fiction twists fact even while it exposes it.  Overall, I would say this is a good story made much better by spending a few extra dollars for the Illustrated Edition.  Enjoy!
 So I FINALLY read this book. This is a story of the search of the holy grail. Like any other book/movie regarding this search, it grabs some truth and some fiction and weaves them together to make for a believable read. I've read better, but this was good.<br/><br/>And only because I know it's caused a stir, I'll add that I didn't once feel as though it was attacking anything I believe in. Every book I read opens my mind to one thing or another, so I wouldn't say this one did so more than any other. Please... do not read if you think you're going to learn something new about a faith or religion or even some secret society that was hidden and guarded closely until Dan Brown stumbled over it and let the whole world know... It's just a sci-fi book! Instead, try googling and pay attention to the website you're going to. Look for reviews of the site even. Some people feed their "open" mind with delusions and then can't see through the muddle. So try opening your heart as well. :)
 Desperately wanted some entertainment with a little cortical activity, but couldn't overlook the shallow characters, boring car chases, and general lack of quality. When it comes to the Big Reveals, this makes Joseph Campbell look intellectually respectable (which he isn't). A grotesque mashup of historical, religious, and artistic quarter-truths and downright falsehoods which make it impossible to suspend belief enough to enjoy the simple (very simple) story. Yes, the female principle has been downgraded and suppressed in patriarchal religions. Big surprise. That's about the ONLY thing that's accurate, and it ain't news to anyone with a high-school education.
 With over 3,000 Amazon customer reviews already written, there's probably not much more that can be said about this well-read and well-told contemporary tale of historical mystery and intrigue.  Notwithstanding, to those who have panned this delightful yarn - the pointy-headed literary snobs complaining of pedestrian writing style, the elitist scholars hung up on historical minutia, to the fanatic Christians whose faith apparently cannot withstand mild rebuke, I offer two words: lighten up!  America loves a good story, and that Brown satisfies a pent up bottomless demand is evident in the millions of copies sold and month-after-month on everyone's bestseller lists.<br/><br/>Brown has emerged from journeyman writer to master storyteller, deserving credit for calling attention to the brilliance Leonardo DaVinci, the art of the Renaissance, the origins of Christianity, and many other important historical events that up till now were cloaked in almost as much obscurity as pre-DaVinci Brown himself.  His adrenaline-charged fiction has us pouring through art books to inspect DaVinci's "Last Supper" and "The Mona Lisa", diving deep into our encyclopedias to discover the mysteries of The Holy Grail, Fibonacci numbers and golden ratios, and I'd bet more than a few cracking open their Bible for some fact checking.  While certainly no homage to Christianity, the influences of Paganism in the early church and church symbolism are hardly deniable, and if the references to Mary Magdalene and Jesus Christ cannot be taken too seriously, it is fun conjecture in spite of one's religious beliefs.  While for sure a less than positive portrayal of the Catholic Church, one never feels that Brown's purpose is to preach or proselytize, but merely to entertain.  And therein lies the magic of "The DaVinci Code": Brown mixes enough historical fact with his purely fictional tale to craft a mystery far more credible, engaging, and educational than standard thriller fare.  From the first mysterious murder in the Louvre to the edge-of-the-seat conclusion, Brown drags us through a couple of centuries while crisscrossing Western Europe with endearing nerd-hero Robert Langdon, the Harvard professor of symbology with the blandness expected of a "Jones" and none of the flair of "Indiana".<br/><br/>So if you haven't read it yet, what are you waiting for?  The movie?  Do yourself a favor and pick up a copy - the written simply word does not get more enjoyable than this.
 It’s been years since I saw the movie. I remembered basic details but not enough to know the differences between the book and movie. I also didn’t remember enough that I was still surprised by events in the book. I liked both the movie and the book. I read the illustrated edition of the book. I think it added to the experience. I liked seeing pictures of the artwork and architecture that was being described.
 Anyone who has read Brown's first Langdon novel, "Angels and Demons" will recognize the familiar formula used again in "The Da Vinci Code." The murder of a celebrated personality entwined with the bizarre use of a symbol that only Robert Langdon, noted Harvard symbolist, can decipher, let alone fathom, links the unassuming Langdon with a beautiful girl related to the victim and embarks him on an intellectual chase that unlocks the door to history's most guarded secret societies and the treasures they protect. Since this equation obviously worked for Brown before, he does not hesitate to use it again, but leaves a few loose strings in particular Langdon's affection for Vittoria from the previous book which is not-so-neatly dismissed and substituted by his relationship with French cryptologist, Sophie, in this one.<br/><br/>In spite of its similarity to the first Langdon adventure, the reader cannot help but get involved in this story full throttle. The insight into some of the historical characters intrigues and delights; the knowledge of secret societies, their roster of historical luminaries and their interplay with age-old adversaries like the Vatican boggles the mind. Dismiss Langdon and the other characters who are not fully fleshed out--- its important to realize that they are mere conduits who provide speech and action for the true main characters--the puzzles and ciphers that account for the page-turning effect that you will experience once you start this novel. True conspiracy theory aficionados will guess many of the puzzles, but honestly, that just adds to the smug fun---the final resolution is one that I never guessed and yet fully enjoyed.<br/><br/>"The Da Vinci Code" provides at least 24 hours of mind stimulation that anyone who wishes a fully engaged break from today's reality will appreciate. Brown documents his work with a sprinkling of book citations mentioned through the dialogue; he should have provided a bibliography for those who want to separate fact from his imagined fiction. The novel's format--short chapters told third person from the different vantage points of the police, the religious operatives, and the hero and heroine, Langdon and Sophie move the plot along at a breakneck speed that is reminiscent of Michael Crichton's style in Jurassic Park and Timeline. I recommend this book to anyone who indulges in escapist fiction with that hint of reality that keeps you wondering if what you believe in is really valid or simply propaganda.
 Compelling, exciting story comprised of short chapters that keep the reader engaged. I read this book extraordinarily quickly and would recommend it for someone looking for something to take to the beach or on a plane.
 This is the first book in such an amazing series. I actually made this purchase for my roommate, who was banned by her ultra-religious dad from reading it or seeing the movie. We are rebels...so I bought her the first three books in the series and am letting her borrow the next two after that. :D I think some people forget that its marketed as fiction. Love, love, LOVE this book!
 A very exciting story that makes it almost impossible to put it down. The movie is good but the book is so much better. Just be careful, you might just learn something. Dan brown really does the research. I recommend this book very highly.
 This was the first Dan Brown book that I've read and it reminded me a lot of early Crichton where an exciting story is written over a base of research into an unusual and/or interesting field.<br/>In this case, the factual basis deals in the interrelation between art, symbology and religion over the span of history.  It comes together in an intriguing conspiracy theory about the Christian church that reaches back all the way to its origin.<br/>NOTE:  I'm not certifying the validity of any of the facts asserted in the book - I wish that the author had included a full preface or afterword with more information on where fact and fiction meet in this case.<br/>The book reads like an entertaining screenplay - the story unfolds immediately and is paced very well, characters are well-defined, and the dialogue is believable and natural.  All in all, it's very hard to put down until you're finished.<br/>One final word of caution to the reader - if you're a devout Christian, this may not be the book for you.  The underlying conspiracy is out-and-out heresy and the description of how the Catholic church has always been fundamentally intertwined with elements of paganism may make some uncomfortable.  For my two cents, I felt that these topics were treated without prejudice and I would recommend that anyone who is upset by the assertions further in the book research them on their own.<br/>Top-notch quick Summer reading.  I'm sure that this one is on a fast-track at some movie studio right now.
 This book is an entertaining thriller, a real page-turner. It's enjoyable, a good read if you take it as such. And since it came out, it's been wildly popular. Some of its strengths: It has one cliff-hanging scene after another. It has colorful characters, even if it lacks any deep character development. Except for a brief epilogue, all the action takes place over a 24-hour period, and most of that in the course of one sleepless night. Important scenes are on every tourist's map--notably the Louvre in Paris and Westminster Abbey in London--and some are in less well known but equally accessible tourist stops. Previous visitors will recognize the descriptions, and I'm sure the book will inspire new visitors to conduct their own investigations. (It's happened before: "Angela's Ashes" brought the tourists to Limerick in Ireland; the Brother Caedfeld mysteries brought them to Shrewsbury in England; and so on.) There also is some interesting art history and interpretation. And the book is full of puzzles and riddles, some on the surface, some more deeply buried, some solved in the text, and some left to the reader to find and solve on his/her own.<br/>But this omits the most sensational element of the book. I don't want to give too much away. But here's a hint. One of the key characters is a Sir Leigh Teabing. And along the way, the book mentions a book, "Holy Blood, Holy Grail," by Michael Baigent, Henry Lincoln, and Richard Leigh. Get it?
 This book is well worth reading, an than going to see the movie after finishing the book. I am a huge fan of Dan Brown's writing style. There are some who criticize the short chapters and claim that the character development is lacking. But, I am no English major and I don't care for critics. I just want the book to grab my attention and entertain me, and this book did that.<br/>I find the short chapters in Dan Brown's books enjoyable. I think they make it feel more fast-paced as the chapters quickly jump to different areas of the story. I also like the fact that the frequent chapter breaks make it easy to find a stopping point without having to quit in the middle of a chapter.<br/><br/>This thriller focuses on Robert Langdon, a Harvard University professor of symbology, who is in Paris on a speaking engagement. He is awakened in the middle of the night by the French police and implicated in the murder of the Louvre Museum curator.<br/><br/>With some help from a French police cryptographer, Sophie Neveau, who feels that he is being wrongly accused, he manages to escape and together they embark on a quest to find the real killer.<br/><br/>That quest leads to clues, puzzles and riddles that link back to an ancient society tasked with protecting the truth about Jesus Christ and unlock the greatest secret in Western civilization.
 Dan Brown clearly rankles some nerves in "The Da Vinci Code," with his sweeping condemnation of the Church and its evil operatives. The pre-prologue, labeled "Fact:", may also cause some head-scratching among students of religious history. But I think the book can be best enjoyed by not taking it too seriously. After all, this is pop historical fiction, served up with intriguing plot twists, high-tech surveillance devices, charming little riddles, and a dash of sexual innuendo, all of which are played out by a cast of jet-set international cognoscenti.  James Bond meets the bible.<br/>Chances are you've read, or are thinking about reading, "The Da Vinci Code" because, well, everyone else is reading it. Whatever formula delivers popularity, which begets further popularity, "The Da Vinci Code" certainly has it. And that could be the novel's strongest point.  It appeals to a wide audience and keeps readers captivated to the end.  That's the holy grail of this book.  It's easy to poke holes in "The Da Vinci Code," but treat it as a fun read for the bus ride home and you'll probably be glad that you read it.
 Awesome story. The writing is not first class, but it's not abysmal nor detracts from the telling. The concept and plot drew me in deep and the characters are rich and lovable. It deserves all its accolades.
 I won't go into details of the plot line or the action that takes place, but I will say that if you are a fan of action, drama, conspiracy theories, and history then you will love this book as much as I did. Believe me when I say that the movie does not do full justice to the storyline of this book and it has an ending that you will not see coming. I highly recommended this to anyone who is even thinking of reading it. Do yourself a favor and read this book! I understand that many people took offense to some of the ideas and beliefs that are implied in the story, but do remember that it is a book of fiction. It is written in such a way that it WILL make you think 'what if....' And if it makes you think and ask questions, I think that's a good thing.
 I wasn't going to read this book because I had heard so many really bad things about it. What most of the people who have commented on it  don't seem to understand that it is FICTION! Some of the comments in the book are true, such as the part about so much paganism that has crept into the Christian beliefs. I am, of course referring to the Sabbath being replaced by Sunday, and Easter and Christmas having so much paganism in them. Beyond all of that, it is someone's imagination going wild, especially the relationship of Jesus and Mary Magdalene. If a person can read it with the understanding that it is pure fiction, I would say it is OK. Just don't take it seriously.
 Like any fiction books, it assumes any assertions it makes are true with the minimal or no evidence at all just because someone hypothesized it, thus the controversy with Christians.  But as long as you know that this is fiction (or make believe story), it is a great book.  Plenty of fictional books create it's own world and rules in order to make story work and this book isn't exception from that.  I love the plot and the way it unfolds.  Very good story telling with good pace.  It certainly was a page turner for me and I could not put it down.  I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys good plots and inventive ideas.  This was the first book I've read that was written by Dan Brown and it made me search out for more of his books.
 My 11 year old loved it. The only slight downside is that he is now reading the rest of the series, which is not adapted for younger readers. But I love it when he finds books he loves so I guess it's cool.
 4.5 stars. Definitely one of my favorite books. There some slight differences between the book and the movie, and of course the book has more details, but it's a great read. The writing is smooth and the story line is fascinating. The bits of history and the combination of Dan Brown's imagination work together to deliver a wonderful story. I'm glad I finally took the time to actually read/listen to this book.
 I can't think of many books in my lifetime causing a stir like The Da Vinci Code. But now having read it... I'm really not sure what all the fuss is about. It's fun and for the most part I'd argue a good action novel with and above average IQ. I mean was everyone upset because he suggested Jesus might have a kid? As someone who was raised Catholic I don't see why this suggestion would be a problem, especially in a work of fiction.<br/><br/>I guess at the end of the day I expected something more... shocking. Of course in fairness to this book I think this notion wasn't nearly as wide spread when it came out.<br/><br/>Over all 4/5. Although I am in the direct afterglow... that number might be lower upon reflection.
 This is one of Brown's best works. I originally read it in the summer of 2004 on a beach in Hawaii. It still thrills me as much on my couch in Tulsa as it did then!<br/><br/>Langdon is a great character, and when Brown isn't having him people unbelievable feats of derring do, he's a likeable character.<br/><br/>I think Da Vinci Code gives a reader a great visual sense of Rome's layout. For someone who used to live there, I could easily follow where Langdon was travelling as the story weaved in and out of the city.<br/><br/>Fast-paced, emotional and inventive, this is a great way to introduce yourself to Brown's writing.
 I bought this for my Kindle because it was free, probably so we would read it and it would whet our Dan Brown appetite for his new book.<br/>Therefore I have to review it from what I remember having read it years ago.<br/>By now everyone knows the story, but the importance of this book is that it got people taking about religion, Catholicism, heresy, history, so many topics, and so many different personalities and beliefs in the conversation. No one really knows all of what is fact or fiction int hsi book but it made people think, made them talk, and it was a hell of a good thriller.<br/>His best? No. I think Angels and Demons was a better book, but nothing will come close for a long time to the impact this novel had on society in America.
 The Da Vinci Code is just about everything a good fiction novel should be. The topic is fresh and interesting, Dan Brown obviously has a command of the material, you'll learn a great deal while reading it (a la Crichton), the story is a page turner and Brown's prose is okay - about what you'd expect for this type of book. However, it *is* fiction, and before you run off and renounce your belief in a Christian god who isn't a woman, it's wise to remember that. As a work of fiction, "The Da Vinci Code" succeeds greatly. As a text to present facts, it is much less successful. Unfortunately, while I would love to just judge the book on things like characters, plot and dialogue, there is a great deal of information in this book that is presented in a very one-sided fashion that while entertaining, will certainly serve to confuse opinions of an already distraught religion.<br/>I would liken Brown to a magician. A magician is one who creates an illusion, the audience buys into that illusion completely, and thus we have magic. Brown achieves the same result with "The Da Vinci Code." He is able to convince the reader that the very world is at stake within the outcome of this story, and that Da Vinci's opinion on a topic is as authoritative as the Bible itself. He accomplishes the first task by alluding to supernatural secrets early on, but very gradually reveals that this "world changing" secret is nothing more than the conspiracy theory of some cultish history club. However, Brown does it in such a way that we don't even notice it and the "secret" seems important right up until the end of the novel. This is not an easy thing to accomplish as a writer and it's why I say Brown largely succeeded. (I'll come back to this.) He achieves the second task of making the reader believe in Da Vinci's opinions as gospel by showing us things we've never seen before about his paintings, even though they are right in front of us. For the reader who looks up one of these painting on the internet and follows Brown's analysis of it, it can be startling and before you even realize it, you've forgotten that Da Vinci was just a man with an admittedly warped point of view. This ends the book review. What follows is a short commentary on the topic itself.<br/>First, what's the validity of this secret of the Knights of Templar? Brown writes about their secret documents and what they say, and asserts that the originators of the Bible kept those works out for political reasons. This is conspiracy speak at its best. The fact is when you delve into the documents that weren't included in the canonical scripture, yes they say certain things that seem to contradict other areas of the Bible. But many of them also contain areas of factual inaccuracy, such as historical inaccuracies, that deems them of a dubious source. Compare that with the four Gospels - the most researched, time tested writings in this planet's history - and almost no discrepancies in transcription have been found, even with the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls. Furthermore, the logic that these documents were left out for political reasons is a little sketchy, since including them in the canon would only have tightened the cords between paganism and true Christianity, which is what the conspiracy "experts" assert Constantine was attempting to achieve. Lastly, how important would revealing these secret documents be, even if they directly contradicted established biblical truths? Would the foundations of Western culture come crumbling down around the black hole of the Catholic Church? I don't think so. Just because these documents, if they even exist, say something other than established scripture says, it doesn't mean they are accurate, especially considering they would be presented by people of a very strong theological bias which automatically questions their credibility. At best, all it would do would be to expose a slightly plausible alternative to traditional Christian texts, something that has stood the test of thousands of years and hundreds of scholars. Change the world? No more than Mormonism, Jehovah's Witnesses or Christian Scientists have, and probably less. There are masses of historical documents that say any number of things we as a culture don't largely believe. This would only be one more set. And most of what Brown criticizes about organized religion applies to Catholicism only - the horrors of the crusades, the intertwining of paganism with Christ - these things were largely addressed by something Brown conveniently ignores, something called the "reformation" which has given us the entirety of Protestantism, a tradition free from the Papal influence he calls into question.<br/>And at the end of the book I was left feeling Brown had done an excellent job of making something out of nothing. He had given the façade of importance to a discovery that would probably make national news, might merit a National Geographic channel hour-long special and maybe would give those few remaining Catholics on the fence after their priests unthinkable actions an excuse to bail out.<br/>So we're back to fiction. As a work of fiction, "The Da Vinci Code" stands strong. I just hope people don't take it too seriously.
 If you read a book before it becomes huge (which I was fortunate enough to do with this book), you can really judge a book on its merits without having to pay attention to what the rest of the world thinks. However, once it becomes popular, the reviews become over the top, which I think happens far too often. Yes, it is a good book. Did I like it more than his other work Angels and Demons? Not really. Do I think it led far too many readers to have unreasonable expectations about his following novel? Yes. Now that the hype has gone away, if you haven't read the book, give it a try. You may or may not like it. However, at least now you'll get the chance to judge it for yourself instead of having all your friends urging you to fall in love with it.
 If, like me, your idea of great television is the Discovery or History channels, you'll love this book. I won't go so far as to say that Brown weaves together his fact and fiction "flawlessly", but he does it in the best interest of an entertaining read, and really, isn't that what we're here for?<br/>As other reviewers have mentioned, this book is a murder mystery whose clues all involve a secret society's beliefs about the Holy Grail. The plot is presented in "real time", with the more complicated explanations taking the form of flashbacks to the university classes taught by the main character, Robert Langdon. It was in these flashbacks that I felt the book bogged down the most, as the students' dialogue invariably consisted of the "3 Ws" - "Wow!", "Whoa!", and "Will this be on the test?" Their awe and ingenuousness at the neato-keeno things their professor is presenting is so unbelievable, especially for anyone familiar with real college students, that they jarred me away from the narrative.<br/>Aside from that, expect to be surprised, shocked, and maybe even a little offended - but again, isn't that what we're here for? Brown has done his research, and whether or not you agree that his theories are correct or not, the fact is that there are some societies who believe in them. Learning about those theories alone made the book worth reading for me.<br/>The plot itself is basic, a standard mystery/chase scene scenario that plays out across Europe. There are a few twists, but chances are pretty good you'll see them coming. The puzzles and cryptographs are witty, if inconsistent in their level of difficulty, and the characters are like milk - smooth, bland, and they go down fairly easily. The cookie is in the details and theories, and it's there that Brown has spent his time. Readers, you need the milk, but you're really there for the cookie. Swallow it down, you won't be disappointed.
 I made the mistake of watching the movie before reading the book and found it hard to immerse myself in the story because there was too much detail for what I had in my head already.  Other than that, the detail in the book was great, would have been better had I read the book first and then watched the movie.  If you like suspense, and the idea that the Church may or may not be wrong when it comes to the story of Christ, or even just like reading something with a lot of detail and thought put into the book, then this is for you.  This is NOT some shallow, modern, plotless story to lose your mind in and escape to, it actually makes you think.  If thinking is not what you want, then pass it by or you will hate yourself and the book.
 I got the Kindle version because it was free (at the time) to add to my Kindle. I'd already bought the hardback version pictured here and read it.  Before the movie came out, I bought an illustrated version of it and read it, as well.  Of all the novels Brown has written, this one is 3rd with "Angeles and Demons", just edging it out for 2nd.  What's my favorite? " Digital Fortress".  As someone familiar with a lot of the computer terminology,  I found it enjoyable and easy to follow.  All along as I read it, I pictured Jody Foster in the title female role.  I did not picture Tom Hanks in this (or the other films). I hope a Kindle version is offered for free.  I want to add it to my Kindle and read it again.
 Incredibly exciting and suspenseful!<br/><br/>Filled with amazing historical facts and the busting of common myths in symbology and history. It was a lot more realistic and historically accurate than I had expected. This book gets you thinking, makes you examine the history of Jesus Christ differently. After all, people who write history don't always get it right. If you love suspenseful mysteries, this is your book!
 This is another great winner from Dan Brown, full of suspense, intellect and twists on history...it's biggest thrill is that most of it is based on fact.  The DaVinci code is a fabulous read.  While not too weighty to make it unapproachable for non-historians, it's intriguing and twists and turns in ways that you won't expect.<br/>The basic premise starts with a murder mystery that turns into a history lesson...or a twist on the a history lesson regarding the Knights Templar and a secret society in existence for centuries, millenia even.  Other books like "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" explore the same themes in a non-fiction way, but this book puts forth the ideas in a thrilling, exciting and intriguing way.<br/>Dan Brown's greatest ability, I think, is that he is able to take an obscure historical fact and educate you about it without you known it...all the way engrossing you in the action, mystery and romance of the story.<br/>Definitely pick up this book!
 The last thing you need is the 3,502nd review of this book, so I almost didn't write one. But several reviews are so wildly off base, I want to respond.<br/><br/>Some reviewers seem to be comparing this book with the finest literature and find it lacking on that count. It's a murder mystery, and an intelligent, clever, and thoughtful one at that. I could not put it down. If you're looking for Chekhov, read Chekhov (really, you should read Chekhov, he's wonderful). If you're looking for a really good mystery, read the Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>It appears that others who give the book a poor review are offended by the ideas in this book.<br/><br/>Those that claim there is no basis whatsoever for the ideas relating to theological history, which are quite liberal, are wrong. There is a historical basis for these theories, and Brown references some books on this subject in the novel itself and on his website.<br/><br/>No one, including Dan Brown, is saying these ideas are absolutely true. Brown has not presented them as historical fact, as some reviewers claim, but rather as ideas that have been and are being explored by historians and theologians. While some dismiss these theories out of hand, Brown's work encourages us to consider these controversial ideas.<br/><br/>If you are easily offended by liberal theological theory, you will not enjoy this book, it will just bug you. If you enjoy exploring these ideas, the book will hold even more interest for you than it would for those who enjoy solving riddles and puzzles, which is another very enjoyable part of the book.<br/><br/>In fact, I'm surprised and delighted by the book's success, now that I've finally read it and learned how much it encourages us to learn about the sacred feminine. It is clear that Brown supports the idea of balancing the masculine and feminine in religion. I love that idea, but it's something most aren't used to in a world where patriarchal religions are dominant.<br/><br/>Overall, it's a fantastic book, and I'm upset by the unfounded poor reviews. But again, I don't think you'll enjoy it if you're offended by liberal theological ideas - you may be disappointed if you buy it without realizing that this is a big part of the story. I believe most others will enjoy it.
 The Da Vinci Code delivers on suspense and fast-pace, but it sorrowfully lacks in characterization and dialogue.  Putting the latter disappointments aside--which surprisingly do not detract from the book's overall appeal--the book puts forth some very interesting ideas about Christ, the Christian tradition, and the Catholic church.  As I read, I found myself musing on theological and secular concepts that had never occurred to me before.  This is a good book for anyone with an open mind and interest in a fictional/semi-historical take on the Holy Grail quest, the relationship between Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene, and the present traditions of the patriarchal-headed Christian churches.
 Perhaps because I was already well acquainted with the scandalous issues raised in this book due to its wide publicity, I did not find it in the least as breathtaking as I had anticipated. It does raise some controversial topics and elaborates on others that have already been voiced, and is, of course, a very welcome breakthrough for all conspiracy lovers out there. Whether it is mere fiction or a legitimate alternative view on the issue of the Holy Grail, I don't really care. An enjoyable read for me, but that's about it. The action could not grab or fascinate me, the characters were a bit shallow and predictable, and all in all, the book was a little too superficial to my taste. It does have some intriguing descriptions, links and associations, and one can easily see that Brown has done his research well, which made me feel like a complete profane on the topic. The biggest merit of the book is that it makes you reassess critically most preconceptions that are taken for granted in today's society. History, after all, has always been a matter of view point. In terms of literary merit, I must say I enjoyed "Angels and Demons" a lot more. I give this one three stars for the interesting plot, but other than that, it was a little of a disappointment for me.
 This is the first of Dan Brown's books that I read and then I read all of his others.  I especially liked this one because I was at nearly all of the places that it covered and it made it especially nice for me to close my eyes and relive them.  I like the fact that he doesn't go into exquisite detail about blood and guts and torture in his books, but he does touch on them.  It is a page turner and you feel like you are holding your breath to see what comes next.  I get his books as they come out and they are great on my kindle.
 "The Da Vinci Code" begins with a couple of similarities to the first book in the series. I did enjoy the short chapters, and the point of view shifts were easy to follow. However, I didn't find myself as engrossed as I was with "Angels &amp; Demons." A solid read.
 I admit my feelings about this book may have been colored by having recently read a far superior, and much more exciting, one that has virtually the same over-view, Daniel Siva's "The Confessor". While the history and erudition contained within "DaVinci" cannot help but be fascinating (hence the 3-stars), the book itself is overlong... and for no good reason! Further, it is hampered by an annoying "tick" that, ultimately, becomes infuriating. Mr. Brown seems to feel that one builds suspense by NEVER revealing anything of importance to the plot without first taking page-upon-page of digression after we have been told that something important IS going to be revealed. While this can be effective when used sparingly, it truly becomes irritating when it is used constantly! One example, which occurs right at the beginning: We are told a murder victim has placed himself in an odd position before dying. We are told this two, three, four, times. Yet we have to go through page after page of description of the Louvre museum (where the body is) before we find out what the position is! And there is no reason for this (it's just the tip of the iceberg) except for Brown to show off his knowledge of history.<br/>In short, while I'm sure many will find this tour of ancient culture fascinating (I did myself), as a thriller it fails.
 There is a reason this book was a best seller....  it's a phenomenal read.<br/><br/>I brought this with me on a multiday ski trip and could not stop reading it during the down time at the cabin.  Well researched and well written.<br/><br/>Hopefully this isn't a spoiler, but my fears that this might end up being a church bashing were unfounded.  He's not 'preachy' but he doesn't strike me as anti church either.  He's just telling a story that involves people and their actions, set with a rich historical background and an alterative account to mainstream beliefs of how things may have occured two thousand years ago.
 Truthfully, I thought I'd read this before, but it quickly became clear that was wrong, and I'd only seen the movie -- from which I really only remember Tom Hanks and fast-paced intrigue.  The book certainly parallels, and originated the gist of the movie, but I suspect with a slightly different plot (but I could be wrong).  Either way, I whole-heartedly recommend reading this book -- perhaps even multiple times, because I'm sure each such effort will give new meaning and interpretation to an excellent, compelling story.
 I read the Da Vinci Code in its early hard-cover edition and could not put it down.  For me, the movie was a great disappointment. Sometimes an actor just can not do the character justice.  Tom Hanks was just going through the motions so far as I was concerned, and the great detail that author Dan Brown brought to the novel could not fit into the limitations of movie script.  Movies depend so much on action to keep audiences involved, whereas a novel allows us the leisure to create our images and prolong the story as we wish.  If you have only seen the movie, I highly recommend reading the book.  This is true of Angels and Demons as well.
 I dont like thrillers. I avoid them on the bookshelves. However, I bought this because of the subject matter. Da Vinci intrigues me and this book tied together all the loose theories about his sexuality, the Mona Lisas' smile and the hidden meaning in his Last Supper. This would have been enough, and all that I expected from this book but Brown doesn't stop there. Not only are Da Vincis' secrets  revealed but material that heretofore has only been available in obscure out-of-print books.<br/>I loved the lecture-like documentary sections on symbolism and the distortion of history. This is the stuff I wish I had been taught in history class. The truth! The only thing that would have made this book better(for me) would have been the omission of the thriller genre and had it been written as non-fiction. As it is, I still recommend it highly!<br/>Its interesting that the protagonists' dilemna is whether or not the world should be privy to these earth shattering secrets while Brown gives it to the reader and thus the world in a form that makes it dismissive. Yet,on the other hand,it probably sells better as a novel,(thus disseminating the info to a wider audience) and also, cushioning the secrets in this genre may ease the pain for those offended at the thought of the existence of pre-christian spirituality and its distressful demise and cover up.It does turn everything upside down doesnt it?
 Historical fiction as a genre can be interesting as is "The Da Vinci Code". The book itself is a reasonably breezy read yet problematic in two respects. First the story contains a rapid succession of twists jumping from one thing to another seemingly for the purpose of disguising its predictability and unbelievable protagonist escapes. Second, as historical fiction the story asserts authority with regard to real, actual historical facts that are for the most part, made up. Mixing and matching historical figures and geographic locations with fantasy is troublesome because, as the initial release of this book illustrated many years ago, it becomes a version of history and contributes to making us all dumber. The author's list of "facts" at the front of the book further contributes to making us all dumber by again asserting authority by associating the real with the fiction in the actual book.
 I knew this book was anti-Catholic, but I was curious.  (I'm Catholic!)  Story was okay, but I was more upset with the fact I "accidentally" purchased the audio.  I already had the book on my Kindle as a free download and the write-up led me to believe I could buy the audio for $4.99.  I ended up paying $12 and was not happy.  Beware that cost descriptions can be confusing!  For example, the write-up will say things like "purchase audio for as little as...." next to the book you want.  Since I have Prime, I figured that's what I would pay.  I clicked on the purchase thinking that would be taken into account when put in my cart; however, it started downloading to my Kindle and charged immediately.  Now I have $12 invested in a book I didn't particularly want!
 I will admit that I had tried to read this book before, but I didn't finish it.  Then I saw the movie a couple of times, and thought I better read the book to know what the main characters are thinking.  The book was very good, but I'm not sure if I like the movie or the book better.  Each was good, but like any book turned into a movie, you are going to have differences.  The biggest character difference that caught my attention was Teabing's character.  I know the book described him as portly, but I kept picturing him like he was in the movie when I was reading.  I really enjoyed reading it otherwise.  I can't wait to read the other Robert Langdon books.
 I swore I'd never review another book ever again after finding out that the author of the first book I did review was reviewing his own books. After catching him I made that promise to myself so this will the the second and last (pretty sure) one I'll comment on.  I seriously doubt that Dan Brown would do such a despicable thing.<br/>I bought this book because of sentimental reasons. Having had multiple eye surgeries there was a time when I was totally and completely blind. I have since regained most of my vision. During that time and before the movie was made my son read this book to me. He would read it at night and give me a "book report" the next morning. I was delighted to be able to read it myself so needless to say...Great book and with sentimental value.
 Amazon is THE place to buy this book - all other bookstores are selling this at the cover price of $35 plus tax.  The book itself is beautifully executed and deserves the 5 stars, with heavy slick papers and copious gorgeous illustrations.  As for Brown's writing, it did not quite live up to the hype, to which the apparently and curiously insecure Vatican unwittingly contributed.  'Angel and Demons' was a better thriller, but 'Da Vinci Code' is certainly more thought-provoking.<br/><br/>Christianity is - and has always been - out of balance.  It equates Women with Original Sin and condemns flesh itself as weak and thus evil.  It casts everything in black and white, Heaven and Hell, Angel and Demons, the Saved and the Damned, Believers and Herectics, "You're either for us or against us", etc.  Brown's work reflects the modern trend toward the Eastern-influenced mysticism that centers around the concept of a balance between opposites - Yin and Yang - that coexist as a matter of immutable fact.  The Christian concept of destroying and eliminating Evil would be laughable if not tragic, as evinced by the frequent exposure of the evil hypocrisy of its leaders and followers that are turning off more people than ever.<br/><br/>Brown's work is a right book at the right time, that shrewdly exploits the current Zeitgeist that something is seriously and fundamentally out of balance both in human and natural worlds, which has been shaken by war, terrorism, and ongoing massive natural disasters.  Some people see reasons to fear the Cure more than the Disease, i.e. when Earth itself corrects this imbalance, this will surely be at a cost that's nigh unimaginable.  Despite Brown's poor plotting and flat characterizations, his research is well-done, and it's an important book for this transitional period into the next millenium.
 Robert Langston ends up spending the entirety of the book trying to solve the mystery of the code in this book.  While not my usual genre of book it is very entertaining book as you try to solve the puzzles and mystery along side of the character along with breathlessly trying to stay one step ahead of those chasing him.  It is a really good book if you don't take everything too seriously as it is a piece of fiction.  I would reccomend this book to anyone who likes there books to have a sense of adventure.
 Long time on my bucket list.  A compelling story about many of my interests in religious studies.  A well told story focusing on Da Vinci's clear involvement in the perpetuation of the theory of Mary Magdeline as the beloved disciple and companion of Jesus.  A good conspiracy tale as the vehicle, with a bit of mystery and intrigue to keep it interesting.  The real meat for me was the analysis of Da Vinci's art to support the theory.  It caused me to look again at the latest restoration of The Last Supper.
 An exciting fast paced and interesting read.  If you are looking for some insight into the truth about Jesus and Mary, however, this is definitely not the book.  Many defend this novel on the basis that it is not intended to contain any truth, but is simply a good work of fiction.  Sounds good, except that so many reviewers and the media are actually giving it some credence.<br/><br/>Dan Brown had one of two agendas--to make a lot of money by touching on a very volatile issue or take a massive slam at Christianity, perhaps both.  I have no problem with either-open discussion is great.  However, if it is the latter, I have a strong dislike for fiction disguised as truth, and it is laughable that anyone would take this plot seriously.  Due to the intriguing plot and fast-paced writing, I put up with the story's distain for Christianity for the first half of the book.  Then author then launched into what I can only characterize as a diatribe.<br/><br/>How can anyone can take the plot as anything but fiction?  A high school student with a Bible and encyclopedia could rip holes in Brown's "facts" a mile wide.  Prior to Emperor Constantine "declaring" Christ God, Christians endured death and persecution for hundreds of years to defend the doctrine that Mary was married to the man Jesus...uh huh.  The idea that Jesus wasn't declared God until the 300s by the Council of Nicea ignores the entire New Testament, the testimonies of apostles Thomas and John, and Jesus himself.  Also, Brown neatly sets up a straw man of facts so that anything convex is male and anything concave is female.  In light of this, any object or datum can be construed to support his premise.<br/><br/>If you want to know what all the hype is about, read this, but don't look for revelations.
 I saw the movie, Angels and Demons well before ever picking up this book (I never saw the Da Vinci Code movie).  Luckily, I got this book for free and from the moment I picked it up, I was completely captivated.  This is mostly a fast moving book and before you know it you will be on chapter 20 in no time.  It did have a few lulls towards the end of the book and part of the ending became a bit predictable.<br/><br/>Being the research freak that I am, I started looking into parts of this book to find out what was fact and what was fiction and I have to say that I'm still on the fence as to whether this book should remain as a "fiction" book.<br/><br/>I'm not going to be like others I've read here and dissect the book to pieces as it just ruins the creative process and overall enjoyment of the storyline.<br/><br/>If you want a fairly fast-paced book that keeps things interesting well into the night (or on days that you're sick and have nothing else to do but lounge around), then this book is a MUST.
 Every year or so, a new fiction will thrill our literary minds but only seldom will a novel rock the literary world. Such is the case with the DaVinci Code. Critics of this book either site anti-Christianity or factual inconsistencies. However, I think that such criticisms miss the point. The DaVinci code IS fiction based around facts - facts not commonly known to most. Many of these facts are easy to verify. There is a Priory of Sion. There is an Opus Dei. There is controversy surrounding the Holy Grail. Discrediting Dan Brown's novel by comments related to the use of "DaVinci" instead of Leonardo's real name is ludicrous.  Dan Brown has a well-researched and suspenseful thriller that is hard to put down. Simply put, it is brilliant.<br/><br/>Approach this book with an open mind and chances are you will enjoy it like so many others.
 The DaVinci Code is written in short chapters, making it easy to ready and makes you eager to read more. The writing is well done, the suspense ongoing, and it details much more than the movie, which was very good, did. I highly recommend the book to anyone wanting to read a great mystery and learn more about art history, symbology and other interesting subjects.
 I picked this up as a promo for his latest on a whim and found it to be equivalent to a movie of the week, made for tv adventure matinee.<br/><br/>Its characterization is cliche and he paints both his heroes and his villains with annoyingly broad strokes. I was especially put off by how Brown describes his hero with so very little humility. Robert Langdon is a cheesy self-insert who only dwells on his backstory to remind the reader it's there.<br/><br/>Trust me. You're better of skipping the novel and renting the movie. At least Tom Hanks has charm.
 The first of the Robert Langdon series, this is an excellent read. Lots of history and symbolism. Known for it's controversial treatment of the Christian religion and some secret societies surrounding religion. Very interesting story and complex story lines. I love to reread this every few years, you get something new out of it every time.
 I'm probably super biased, but I love Dan Brown's books. The Robert Langdon series is my favorite and while the Da Vinci isn't my favorite of the series, it's definitely a great read!
 I don't know what it is about Dan Brown's writing but I just can't seem to put it down.<br/><br/>I love following the story of Robert Langdon... this too takes on some controversial subject matter regarding Christianity...but the way he threads it into the story is intriguing.<br/><br/>The mouse important thing to remember is that it's a book of fiction.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the journey he took me on and I look forward to reading book 3!
 Very interesting and complex story and plot.  Good read.  Plot can be a bit confusing at times.  Everything is explained eventually.  Have fun<br/><br/>with it.
 I have read this book several times. I recently got my Kindle edition because it was free. I'm rereading it again. Some of the reviewers argue about Dan Brown pushing fiction as fact. My recollection is that he never said it was totally fact. But, some of his book is based on recently researched  church/biblical history - in particular by Princeton's Elaine Pagels, a scholar who specializes in the political history of the Bible. The book has strong appeal with me primarily because it has caused me to think about whether my faith is based on a relationship with God or simply based on theological inventions of book authors or the personal interpretations of priests.
 Although I have previously read most of the information in this book, I was fascinated at the way the author put it together to create a page turner you couldn't put down, and that could haunt your dreams as well as give you marvelous ideas to discuss with your friends.  The chapters are just "bite-sized", and each seems to end with a little mystery you just know will be solved in the next.  You have to keep reading "just one more chapter"<br/>Some of it is facts, some speculation, some fiction.  Its hard to know which is which, and the implications and possibilities are going to really make people think about what they really know about Jesus and Magdalene, the Templars, Masons, the Gnostics, pre-christian religions, secret societies, and the symbology of ancient religions.<br/>Scotty Zilinsky
 {Review written Dev 2004}<br/><br/>I love high-brow thrillers that don't try to write down to the reader, and (even more so) I also love it when authors go to the effort of ample RESEARCH before writing about a given topic.<br/><br/>Anyway, without giving away too much of the plot, the author takes the reader on a fascinating and gripping ride through some of the more esoteric &amp; mysterious corners classical art history, architecture, Judeo-Christian religious mysteries &amp; religious symbology, church history, secret societies, and the like ... and he does so with both skill and panache. Some of my own interests, during &amp; since college, overlap many of those areas, and it was wonderfully refreshing to see the material handled so well, and so competently, for the benefit of people who are new to these subjects. There *IS* a generous helping of fiction (and speculation) mixed in with historical facts, but for those who are erudite enough to know the difference, it's a highly entertaining and creative ride.<br/><br/>I was already familiar with a fair amount of the material, but some items were new to me. I cant speak for their veracity, but they were cleverly done:<br/><br/>* Pri-oS/Opus Dei: I've already done a little casual reading on my own regarding organizations like the Templar Knights ... but the Pri-oS &amp; Opus Dei (the latter apparently being a modern day reincarnation of various "Flagellant" groups of Medieval Europe) references were new to me.<br/><br/>I was particularly impressed with the author's attention to small details too:<br/><br/>* An overview of the Council of Nicea, which formed the bible as we know it, and which omitted &amp; suppressed many other accounts (i.e., the Gnostic Scriptures, etc.).<br/>* The church's campaign of absorption &amp; suppression against other indigenous faiths across the mid-east and Europe, and it's particularly destructive repression of feminine divinity faiths. All true.<br/>* The partially botched handling of the "Heiros Gamos" ritual ala the movie "Eyes Wide Shut".<br/><br/>However, the author did sidestep a few points that he could have better expanded on:<br/><br/>* Many of the symbols of the Arthurian cycle (the holy grail, in this case) have echoes in a variety of ancient religions ... the author focused exclusively of the Wicca / female divinity aspects of the Grail, and overlooked other references to, say, the "Cauldron" of Dagda (Celtic), the Cauldron of the tri-partite Virgin-Mother-Crone (ex: the Norns of Nordic myth), the Fates of Greek myth, etc ad infinitum).<br/><br/>In any case, the book is very enjoyable, and highly recommended ... particularly if you've never encountered the material before, or if you're a bible literalist who's overdue for an invigoriating dash of cold water. History is a lot more interesting and convoluted than most people realize. People who slept through (art) history class don't realize what they've been missing out on.<br/><br/>Highly recommended - a very entertaining, and controversial, read.
 Dan Brown is an interesting writer.<br/><br/>When I was younger (and hadn't tried to write much myself) I didn't like him. After trying my hand at it, I think I've changed my mind.<br/><br/>He does use some cheap tricks - for example - an albino evildoer. But I use my own cheap tricks, so that's that.<br/><br/>The professor protagonist is also a bit gimmicky, though it clearly does serve its purpose of getting the reader up to speed on focused knowledge that might be difficult to convey otherwise.<br/><br/>Brown has done his research and it shows. That's one of the things that makes the book a rewarding read even where its execution doesn't sit 100% with me.<br/><br/>I do wonder if you couldn't distill the knowledge here and in the Lost Symbol and have a more complex story - where the characters interpret the "clues" less literally. Sometimes (okay - often) the literalness and the lack of ambiguity in the characters interpretation of the clues/adventure they've set out on makes me feel like it is a Scooby-Doo episode.<br/><br/>Also - both the Da Vinci Code &amp; The Lost Symbol, feel to me as if the protagonist Langdon has actually missed the point entirely and only claps at fool's gold by the novel's close . . . maybe that's just me? I don't know . . .<br/><br/>SPOILER ALERT -- For example - it seemed to me that the obvious conclusion would be that Sophie is the living grail, and Langdon doesn't really get there.<br/><br/>I sometimes wonder if that's Brown's intent? Hiding mystical knowledge in plain view, in a popular format . . .<br/><br/>If that's the case, then he's a genius!<br/><br/>Either way, despite stylistic complaints aside, the book is a page turner. I can't deny that!
 Ordered this for a second read (1st read was loaned to us and we read it two years ago and returned the book to it's owner) My Wife &amp; I read books to each other,  We have the rest of Mr Browns Fine books and had started reading them again.  Found that we didn't have a copy of the D V Code and are currently awaiting the arrival of the "Missing" Book
 The whole story is one big chase scene from beginning to the anticlimax.  Despite all the obvious research that was done by the author, the writing and especially the dialogue are very, very cliched and corny as many can attest here.<br/><br/>I can certainly understand why this is a book that can provoke such fervent emotions.  I suspect it has to do with the nature of faith itself.  The letting go of all reason and totally subscribing to some beliefs whose roots have evaportated a long time ago.  However, for all those decrying the book as heresy, please examine your own relationship with your faith.  If there truly were a god/jesus/or whatever, does it really matter what anyone else says?  And if religious dogma were absolutely true, why would anyone need FAITH?  Being a former Baptist, I can only imagine most people don't want to know what they invest so much energy in believing may be just plain psychotic ideas from some totally whacked out wacko in the distant past or not so distant past(i.e., the Scientologists.)<br/><br/>Back to the novel, there is hardly any character development; the forced romance at the end is almost nausea inducing and the end itself is very very lame.  Like I said, this is your average mindless reading.  Thank goodness I bought it at a huge discount from the MarketPlace.
 In The Da Vinci Code, author Dan Brown combines murder, intrigue, religion, and the art world and comes up with an exciting read.  The story opens in the Louvre, where the curator has just been killed.  His granddaughter, Sophie, a police agent, and Robert Langdon, a famous American "symbologist" become involved in the case - at first to help solve the crime, and then, as the prime suspects.  The crime is connected to two religious organizations; one's mission is to guard the secret truth about the Holy Grail, and the other's job is to keep that information from ever being told.  The action moves from Paris to Rome and on to London in a frantic race to not only solve the murder, but possibly to change the course of Christianity forever.<br/>I loved the first one-third of this book!  It was so well-written, I had goosebumps and could not put it down.  The characters are interesting and the plot (in the beginning) is dynamite.  The middle section - which explains the role of the Grail - got bogged down in the details.  The author is exceptionally well-versed in the history of the Opus Dei and Priory of Sion societies.  (Members of the later have included such illuminati as Da Vinci, Botticelli, and Newton over the centuries.)  The problem is, he spends too much time explaining their theories and the action and suspense that characterized the beginning of the book are lost.  The final third, where the story moves to London, regains the original excitement and fast pace and it is, overall, a very good story.<br/>Brown knows his art history, and I couldn't help but look up many paintings and artists as he described their significance to the plot.  Those who have been to Paris or London will enjoy revisiting those cities here.  I learned a lot about art, religion, history, and even word origins from reading The Da Vinci Code.  I think it would make an exciting movie.  I heartily recommend it.
 Dan Brown has never written a bad novel and I think I've read them all.  However, I appreciate this book the most because<br/>it started a religious conversation about the beloved Mary Magdalene and her powerful relationship with Jesus. After all what is the big deal with Jesus being married and a great prophet and bringer of love and light at the same time. I think it is always a good thing to question what you've been taught, because this teaches you how to be a great thinker.  Of course the book has a thrilling plot and keeps you glued to the story.  You know you are enjoying a book when you don't want it to end and this has been  my experience with every Dan Brown novel that I've read.
 Suspense/thriller is not my normal genre.  I generally prefer historical fiction, but with all the buzz surrounding The DaVinci Code, I Had topick it up for a test read.  That was on a Friday night.  By Sunday morning, I had gotten only a handful of hours' sleep, had neglected all weekend chores except doing laundy (easily done while reading) and was finished with this incredible thrill ride!<br/>It opens with a murder in the Louvre, and the experts have been called in.  Needless to say, sparks fly between them,much as the sparks fly throughout Europe as you fly through the pages of The DaVinci Code.  The search for the Sacred Feminine, the Knights Templar, even the Freemasons all take a place in this outstanding novel.<br/>Better not start reading this until Friday.  You won't be back in the real world all weekend.  Trust me.  Buy this, read it and be prepared to pass it along, it seems as though eveyone loves The DaVinci Code.  Follow it up with Angels &amp; Demons for another thrill ride.  Have fun!!
 I have read this multiple times and it seems like a new experience every time.  I love a well-put-together mystery/thriller novel and this story definitely doesn't disappoint. It's a great, thought-out, seemingly heavily researched with a unique twist to it that first-time readers may or may not see coming.  I don't know how he does it, but Dan Brown seems to always have a good novel I can't seen to put down, and this one is no different.  I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a good time and remotely interested in religious-toned themes.
 �Are you sure that you�re going to finish a book this time?� I�ve heard many versions of this same question since my interest in Freemasonry first began by reading �Holy Blood, Holy Grail� over ten years ago.<br/>My wife is the first to remind me that out of my entire book collection, which is quite extensive, I rarely finish a book before becoming sidetracked by another. My library, like most who are on their quest for more light has become a hodgepodge of religion, philosophy, esoteric materials, Gnostic gospels, and volumes of Masonic works. Some fanciful, others, as near as I can tell, historically factual. Almost all, controversial to my family and friends. My library is an oddity to them, yet deeply personal to me, and last week I added yet another book to my every growing collection.<br/>I normally don�t read novels. I enjoy the facts and generally feel that novels are a waste of good study time, however, as I was surfing Amazon.com one day a title grabbed my attention; �The DaVinci Code.� Now�I just had to read the description, and am I glad that I did!<br/>Dan Brown is a superb author! He has spun a web of fiction on the bedrock of historical fact. The story centers around a leading Symbologist named Robert Langdon and the granddaughter of an elderly art museum curator Sophie Neveu.<br/>Sophie�s grandfather is killed, and Sophie, a Cryptologist for French law enforcement, teams up with Robert Langdon, a Symbologist for Harvard University on a quest to find his killer, escape capture under false pretences, and discover the true hiding place of the Holy Grail!<br/>Quite honestly, this is one book that is difficult to set down and my wife was pleasantly surprised when I told her that I had finished The DaVinci Code. It was as if I had been thrust into this story with the characters! I lived every heart pounding minute. With heroes, villains, knights, maidens, secret societies, and ancient truths to boot, this is a real barn burner! The twists, turns, and energy put into this book will keep you turning the pages for more action and answers! Every free thinker should grab a copy of this book and indulge himself in a fact driven gem of fiction in pursuit of Truth. This book may challenge some people�s preconceptions of history, but it will stretch your mind to new dimensions from which it will never return to its former state. This book is bound to thrust the reader onto a path of new discoveries.<br/>Don�t just buy this book�Read it! Start reading early, grab a cup of coffee and a comfortable chair because once you start reading The DaVinci Code you�ll have a difficult time setting it down!
 I read this book just after it was released several years ago and really enjoyed it.  I saw the movie just after release and have watched it several times. Thought that I would read the book again to see how the story line might have been a little different. Still enjoyed reading the book.
 I bought this book because I had read the prequal <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons/dp/1416524797/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons</a>. I will admit that at first I was trying to stay away from The DaVinci Code due to all the media hype, but after reading "Angels &amp; Demons" I was hooked. When I read the prequal, I was a little disappointed that I couldn't imagine many of the places and artifacts mentioned in the book because I had not been to Rome or the Vatican. When I discovered this Illustrated version of the DiVinci Code, I decided to buy it. I was amazed at the illustrations and actual photographs. I got a better understanding of where Langdon was and what he was describing. I especially loved that the places Langdon visited and many of the artifacts he saw were something that I can see and visit if I were in Paris as well.<br/><br/>The story itself was written in such a way, that for me, it was difficult to decide what was fiction and what was historical fact. I know that the idea of the relationship of Jesus and Mary of Magdalane has been a debate throughout history, but in the story, it sounded as if it was an actual fact. I was able to enjoy it because I am not a religious fanatic or a die-hard catholic. I was able to enjoy the possible history of Jesus and Mary and the possibility that the two may have been married and had a child together. The story does lend itself for discussion on the matter. It was also fun trying to solve the puzzles presented to Robert and Sophie in trying to find the "San Greal" or Holy Grail.<br/><br/>I think that those who will enjoy the book are those who enjoy riddles, history, mystery and religious debate. I purposely read this book before seeing the movie and was not dissappointed when I saw the movie.
 This story may have some truth to it, however it reads like a classic mystery novel, with intrigue, murder and mayhem, and it casts suspicion on the Vatican..Although these legends of the "holy grail" and of the Knights Templar have never been proven to be real, historically, the treatment of any who cast doubt on the teachings of the Church have been condemnation, whether correct or not.<br/> It's not surprising that it would further weaken the world's absolute faith on Holy Mother Church.
 I'm usually not into plot-driven novels.  So The Da Vinci Code was a real change of pace for me.  All I can say is "WOW".  From the very first page I was absolutely captivated and found it impossible to put the book down.  Dan Brown is the master of suspense.  He knows just how to end each chapter with a cliffhanger.  Most of the book takes place during a 24-hour period and the story reads like one exciting roller coaster ride.<br/>The subject is one that I know nothing about -- religious societies, secrets of Da Vinci's paintings and the search for the Holy Grail.  The author fed the reader the historical details at just the right moments to enrich the mystery, and as one preposterous thing after another happened to the main characters, I was always able to follow some of the complex puzzles that were constantly being uncovered.<br/>The book starts with a murder.  And a secret to uncover.  There's a male historian who unwittingly gets involved.  And a highly intelligent female code breaker who just happens to be involved in the secret.  What follows next is a breathtaking race to prevent further violence.  And, at the same time, discover the a secret that has implications for the entire world.  Along the way, these two characters have to solve one puzzle after another.  I was totally caught up in the unraveling of this web, which was described so clearly that I never had to stop reading.<br/>I loved this book.  It is so well paced and so interesting that it didn't even matter that almost no time was spent on character development.  Here, the plot was everything and a mini-escape from the world around us.  Just be prepared to schedule some time for reading.  Because once you start The Da Vinci Code, you won't want to stop. Highly recommended.
 Brown is only the latest of a number of popular fiction writers who have mined the legends of the grail and Knights Templar for plot ideas. What distinguishes this book is the promise- never fully realized- of the revelation of a great secret (and great improprieties) hidden by the modern-day Roman Church. Perhaps part of the interest is rooted in the current scandals of a different nature involving the Church.<br/>While Brown starts strongly enough- a murder in the Lourve, a hidden secrets, a visitng American academic suddenly caught up in a vast centuries-old conspiracy- the book soon becomes little more than a so-so detective novel with all the usual gambits and tricks. Yes, there's a fair bit of facinating grail lore mixed in, but it's been done better by others.<br/>This is not a bad book; it's good vacation or airplane reading, and for the first half you'll find yourself caught up in the story and facinated by the bits of the legend that Brown doles out in drips and drabs. But then the plot sort of slows down and the suprises become fewer as the turns and twists become more obvious. The climax of the mystery is pretty unsatisfying, the characters are never fleshed out much, and by the end of the book you don't care much one way or another what becomes of them.<br/>If you're looking for a really masterful, brilliantly written book built on the Templar legend, you can't do better than Umberto Eco's "Focault's Pendulum". If you're interested in some more fanciful and full of conspiracies there's always the books of Robert Anton Wilson.
 Classic meets conspiracy theory....or wait is it reality? There is enough of a foundation for this mystery that it could alter your perspective of what we take for Reality.
 First off: Very good book. I really did just keep wanting to read it.<br/>When I first started reading it I had no idea that it was the second book of the "series". (I use quotations because even tho it's a series it does VERY WELL as a stand alone book). You do not need to read Angels and Demons first. It only made slight mentions of it, but so slight that it was almost is passing.<br/>I recommend it
 I'm a big Dan Brown fan.  Whether his storylines are real or not, it's a fabulous read and every time I read any of his books, I see things I missed before.
 I saw the movie before I read the book and was pleasantly surprised at how well they matched. Also, I could picture some of the scenes that may have been harder for me to visualize based solely on the printed words. I loved the mystery, twists and turns, and possibilities presented. This wasn't the first book I've read that made many of these claims, but it was definitely the most enjoyable (the other often felt more like textbooks).<br/><br/>Ignore all the arguments about the validity of any of the issues and just enjoy a good story.
 In the book, Brown does give some interesting artistic information, particularly about da Vinci's "Last Supper" painting that was commissioned for the Dominicans (Order of Preachers).  As Brown states, it COULD be Mary Magdalene sitting next to Jesus on the left as one faces the picture.  Mary Magdalene happens to be the patroness of the Dominican Order.  She is regarded as the first "apostle" since she was the first to see Jesus after His resurrection and go tell the other apostles about it as instructed by Jesus. The face is definitely feminine and not masculine. I do not believe Jesus and Mary Magdalene were married as Brown opines since the Gospels never mention it.  In fact, celibacy is praised by the Lord for the "sake of the Kingdom" and St. Paul does the same in his first letter to the Corinthians (7: 25-28), and NOT because human sexuality is "evil"-that would be a very anti-Jewish concept!  And Jesus was a Jew.  It was also believed that Jesus was going to return imminently so why get married?  Jesus said that there was "no marriage or giving in marriage in Heaven": we will be like the "angels" (Matthew 22: 29-32).<br/>In the Gospel of John, Judas left the Last Supper early when it was "night."  So there are still 13 persons at the table in da Vinci's painting. This Gospel doesn't record a consecration/communion scene like the other three Gospels, however). Jesus' Body and Blood are discussed in the sixth chapter of John's Gospel. John is actually reclining on Jesus' chest because Peter tells John to ask the Lord who the betrayer is (also in the Gospel of John).  In the painting, then, John is close to Jesus' right.<br/>In discussing the "sacred feminine" author Brown completely ignores Mary, the mother of Jesus.  Why?  She is certainly the most popular woman in the Gospels and in Christianity to this very day!  The most popular devotion is the "Rosary" in Catholicism (coming from the word "ROSE") which have "mysteries" recounting certain pivotal events in the lives of Jesus and Mary that one meditates on while praying.  Praying the Rosary is a devotion that did not originate with the Dominican Order but subsequently was taken up by the Order as a devotional practice and used in preaching as well.<br/>The Virgin Birth?  Why so difficult to believe?  God creates all persons: if Jesus was the Son of God (the Father) the egg (of Mary) would have to be fertilized by the "Holy Spirit."  God can't do this?  This is no more a miracle than each of us are!  Does one make one's own body or any part thereof? Jesus had to be divine as well as human in order to effect our salvation.
 This book is the whole package, well written, interesting story line, fast paced,  and it really makes you think.  It is no wonder why this was such a best seller as well as a hit movie.  It's totally worth the read.
 This was a great book to read. I saw the movie first and then ended up reading the book. You always kind of fall back to comparing the two, about what was missing in one thing, but was extra in the other and so on.<br/><br/>Take it for what it is - a good "mystery" book that will keep you on your toes!
 I'm reading this book for the second time because there is so much real history mixed in the the fictional story. It's like getting a fascinating history lesson that is all wrapped up in a fast paced fun exiting novel. The idea of the fiction shows potential for an alternate reality then most Christians have been led to believe. Keep an open mind.
 This lively mystery takes us all the way back to the time of Jesus and Mary Magdalene and to a centuries old search for the Holy Grail.  Along the way we meet a fairly interesting cast of characters and events filled with the twists and turns that leave the reader speculating on who is friend and who is enemy, and whether or not the hero and heroine will fall in love.  I was intrigued by the author's exploration of the relationship of Jesus and Mary Magdalene and of the way in which Christianity and Catholicism over the centuries have supposedly dealt with woman and their potential for power and influence.  The story of the battles within the church and the endless intrigues that resulted were fascinating and, for the most part, credible.  I found the end of the book just a bit flat and the tieing together of the various threads somewhat of a stretch of the imagination.  Otherwise the book was an enjoyable read.
 As they say, the book is always better than the movie.  I always thought this was the first Robert Langdon book but found it wasn't.  Still thrilling and fun!<br/><br/>I have this book in print format but bought in Kindle cause it is easier for me to read and hold the tablet because of arthritis.
 I purchased the Special Illustrated Edition thinking that I will be able to enjoy the most comprehensive reading experience. The book arrived as everything I expected: Beautiful hard cover, color pages, and large, comfortable fonts to read. But there is also something I did not expect: It is so heavy, that I was not able to hold it with one hand.<br/><br/>This is undoubtedly a good book (hence the 4 star rating), but it weights very uncomfortably on my lap if it stays for a prolonged period of time. So the conclusion is, if you really wanted to read the book, I recommend that you stay with the paperback. For those who would like to have The Encyclopedia of the Da Vinci code, you can consider buying this version to decorate your bookshelf.
 So much better than the movie. A Masterfully written tale of non stop excitement.  History will prove this as one of the greatest reads of all time.
 As usual, Dan Brown has given us a fast paced novel<br/>With an interesting dose of history, art, and science.<br/>Well worth the money and your time.
 In all fairness the book itself was an ok read but the size of the book was difficult. I lugged this oversized book all over the place; to work, to appointments and everywhere else I like to have a book handy. I loved the photos and illustrations. I can't imagine reading this book without them. I just wish the book was more compatible for carrying around. It's more the size of a small coffee-table model than simply a big book. Overall, I enjoyed reading it. The codes and cryptics which blended with actual historical places were quite fascinating. Some, I felt, were a bit over the top but they all made for interesting speculations. Nice book but just too darn hard to carry around.
 I've been trying to figure out what I should write about the Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown, but each time I try to put "pen" to "paper" I get a big fat DERRRR rumbling through my head. It's not necessarily that I don't know what to write; rather, I don't know where to begin.<br/>A murder mystery. A history lesson. A historical mystery. The Church and cults. Puzzles within puzzles. Intrigue. A smart car chase through Paris. Banks. Secret societies. All in a period of roughly 24 hours.<br/>Robert Langdon is a famous Harvard symbologist penning a book on the Holy Grail. The curator of the Louvre is found horribly murdered, and Langdon is the chief suspect. Clues left at the scene of the crime lead to the much larger search for the Holy Grail, famously known as the Cup of Christ... or is it? Together with the curator's grand-daughter, a cryptologist, we are lead through a series of historical clues on a hunt to find the Grail before a mysterious Teacher and his minions from Opus Dei get to it first.<br/>The story is gripping, intelligent and fast-paced. At no point do you feel like you're being spoken down to. The fact inspired me to research stuff on the Web. This is an alternative view to history than what we are used to in popular culture, save for "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade," which shares the grail and wierd knight storylines with the book. I just simply read and read and traveled down the lines of forgotten history with the characters, discovered with them. Definitely a great book to read.
 Dan Brown has conceived a book that pits the Catholic Church against "enlightened" men, leading to deaths and betrayals, in this, his most popular book. Whether the accusations made by Mr. Brown are accurate or not can't really be proven one way or another. All one can really rely on is faith!
 As great story as the movie, the audible component made the story even more real.<br/>I recommend this book and series
 I read this years ago and finally have the time to post a review. I found this book to be fascinating, much more so than the movie that was made based on it. The highly religious would probably find some aspects of it to be offensive, so there is that to consider. Anyone who is not rigidly attached to a religious viewpoint would certainly find value in the story-telling.
 I was disapointed it this book, but not for the reasons most people are writing about.  I enjoyed the alternate history of the gospels and the secret workings inside the catholic church.  For those who find this kind of conspiracy theory unrealistic, the non-fiction biblical histories are just a few clicks away, why are you reading a fiction book?  What ultimately disappointed me about the DaVinci Code was the poor character development.  I understand that Dan Brown wants to reuse his main character in a series, but this "James Bond of the Art World" character really become a bore to read about.  He was not risky, charasmatic, or even charming.  Brown showed no creativity to get his main characters out of tight spots and basically had them running around the street paris saying "oh my, they are after me! what do I do?"  I would rather have read more about the villians thoughts, at least they showed some originality.  I was very unimpressed and disappointed that a book that has been read by so many people could be written so poorly.
 I really enjoy Dan Brown's Robert Langdon series.  The Da Vinci Code is his best book in my opinion.  Though some of the heroics are a little unbelievable, the overall story content and symbology are interesting and informative.  I find myself learning a lot about religious history (or his opinions on it) w/o reading a text book.  Langdon is a great character who you cheer for.  He's highly intelligent but comes off as believable and sincere, not pompous.  The adventure keeps your interest throughout.
 This book is simply magnificent.  The plot is very fast-paced, but it is also evenly distributed and never lags.  Brown has put together a fascinating look at religion, art, and modern intrigue, blending the three seamlessly.  While the plot is somewhat predictable, this book is meant to simply be enjoyed and to revel in the details.  The facts are astounding and will actually make you question the fine line between Brown's research and his imagination.  You'll be doing frantic online searches to view the art discussed in the book and look for the details that Brown points out.  Also, if you have been to Europe or would simply like to go, this book poses an extra delight by taking place in many of France and England's most famous attractions.  Simply stated, this book will be impossible to put down and must be bought and savored.
 If you haven't already read the book or seen the movie, this is a wonderful read.  It keeps you on your toes throughout the book and it's also interesting to get some historical European/Catholic/Templar Knights information.  Keep in mind, this is fiction so not all the "historical facts" are true, but it is fun!  Don't forget to read his other books about Robert Langdon as well!  If you have seen the movie but haven't read the book, read it! It's even better than the movie!
 The book took off fast and kept the pace for the first half.  Must admit there was some loss in the middle few chapters then took off strong and continued to intensify and leaving me hungry at then end but for the life of me I do not what I was hungering for.  Would recommending this book to anyone who is tired of reading at a 5th. Grade level.  What pleasure to read adult words.
 Brown's latest thriller is all the rage this season, and it's a pretty good page-turner. The curator of the Louvre is murdered and intrepid Harvard scholar Robert Langdon (you met him in Brown's last book) meets up with another European girl (this time she's French instead of Italian).  Hijinks follow.  The historical research is wide, without ever being deep. But it adds a fun veneer of deep mystical somesuch to the plot. Leonardo da Vinci, secret Vatican cabals, Opus Dei, mystical this-and-that.  It makes for a fun read.<br/>As other critics have pointed out, the facts of the book are often muddled and inaccurate, suggesting the research may have been done by one of those credulous sorts who always believes the last thing he reads. The characters are paper-thin cutouts, mere devices who grab hold of the plot early on and cling to it for dear life. The dialogue is silly and predictable. The author's irritating penchant for hanging on to clues and half-clues, doling them out slowly is a device of the B-grade pop mystery novel.  Like its predecesors, this book is sort of a middleweight version of Umberto Eco's towering novels.  Not too challenging, but it keeps the pop public entranced, sells a bunch of copies, and lets us all feel like we're initiates into some secret society. Bravo -- a lot of fun !
 This is a moderately interesting post-millenium Grail quest set in France and England, and using vague myths and legends surrounding the Priory of Sion (combining the 20th century writings with the ancient order absorbed into the Jesuits), the Knights Templar, the Holy Grail, and various gnostic theories of the true role of Mary Magdalene.<br/>The McGuffin in this adventure story is not just the Grail itself, but a key that unlocks the mystery of the Grail's location.<br/>Alfred Hitchcock said the McGuffin in a suspenseful adventure story doesn't really matter----it's just a device to fuel the chase.  In this story, however, Dan Brown makes the McGuffin the centerpiece, and the retelling and weaving together of lore surrounding the Grail, the gnostic gospels and Mary Magdalene means the adventure runs out of gas about half way through the book, and the characters become cartoons jumping from one situation to another in a rather half-hearted resolution.<br/>Criticism aside, I enjoyed the book and Brown's writing style is generally very entertaining---the 3 star rating simply comes from the loss of momentum in the last half of the book and a certain lack of character development (although this is common in some adventure stories).  The book is a good, workmanlike effort in a classic genre.  If you enjoyed Spielberg's Indiana Jones movies, Hitchcock's "North by Northwest," "The Thirty-Nine Steps" and "The Lady Vanishes," you'll enjoy this book.  If you've read Agatha Christie's "The Man in the Brown Suit," you'll recognize the plot device that resolves the suspense.
 I began reading this because it was free and a friend suggested it.  I will not finish the book because details that could make the story interesting are written on a very basic level.  Most of the twists in the story are easy to predict, while obvious details that should present a problem are overlooked.  For example:  Langdon and Neveu commandeer an armored truck and drive it to a friend's house.  Neither of them considered that there might be a homing device on the truck.  Another example:  Neveu tells Langdon he must call the U.S. Embassy for a message.  A police investigator, Fache, allows Langdon to use his phone.  Neveu, a police officer herself, never even considers that Fache now has a record of the number Langdon called.  Neveu set up the message to avoid telling Langdon he is in danger while they were in Fache's presence.  How did this book ever get to be so popular and how did Dan Brown come to be considered a respected author?
 After reading this, it prompted me to read all of Dan Bown's books, all of which are of varying excellency.  I highly recommend his books.<br/>By the way, I am not Christian, but some Christians may be offended with this books contents.  Most of my Christian friends were not however, and also highly recommend this book as well as other books by Dan Brown.
 This is without a doubt one of the best books I've read. I also loved the care Brown took in factual details. I fount myself constantly Googling to see if churches were really where he described them. Now of course I'm busy reading everyone's opinions on the Da Vinci Code, the Holy Grail, and all of the other historical details which leave your head spinning.  It will be awhile before I shake off this book. But the next book I read will definitely be by Dan Brown. I'm hooked.
 Brown had me hooked.  I could not put the book down although I had read it many years ago.  The suspense and intrigue made the pages fly by.  All the characters became real as I began to know them as real people.  I began to believe the story.  I was waiting and anticipating the finding of the ancient writings that proved the linage of Mary as the wife of Jesus.  The Templars and Opus Dei members guarded the secret.  The ending was completely unexpected.  Now I want to see the movie again!
 Another great story from Dan Brown.  I found it almost impossible to put down once I started reading it.  After hearing all hype about this book I read it and as far as I could tell it was just an exciting story but just a story.  Dan Brown takes a number of facts, some theories &amp; plenty of imagination and puts them all together into a compelling book.
 Some interesting bits, and it was an easy read, it was just very predictable. I read it because there was so much hype over this book, I guess I just thought it was OK.
 Not terrible but not great. I like Angels &amp; Demons more, but this is also an easy read. At this point the formula hadn't gotten old, so it was still enjoyable. Having read his other books, I'm not sure it would be as fun to read unless I've got several years between me and the bad taste the last two books left in my mouth...
 Actually I had read the precursor to Dan Brown's work years prior to Code's publication but seeing all the furor over similar places, ideas was just unbelievable!  The book is fast paced ; a real spine tingler!  A centuries old secret is about to be revealed...and the Catholic Church would prefer the secret remain hidden.  A number of unsolved mysteries surface in the reading of this book and the reader will have to decide whether they like the author's interpretation or not.  If you enjoy art history, early christian art or just history's mysteries, this is a book for you.
 I've read this book &amp; seen the movie several times, &amp; still find the story absolutely compelling. I plan to visit the areas mentioned, &amp; revel in seeing the ancient buildings referenced. I have read much of the books &amp; information about Mary Magdelene &amp; hope that one day all that information can be actually verified. Dan Brown's writing is superb, he has become my favorite author of all time, &amp; I am an avid reader.
 This is the book that started it all. It is engrossing, interesting, &amp; tells stories in such an interesting way.
 *No Spoilers<br/><br/>I read the book years ago when it was a new release.  Yeah, I bought into the hype of Dan Brown.  Peer Pressure.<br/><br/>I will give Brown credit that the Da Vinci Code was a entertaining story, in which, I admit to reading from cover to cover in several sessions.<br/><br/>My biggest gripe was the quality of writing and use of too many deus ex machinas.  Just my opinion.
 This book proves why the term "bestseller" should not be equated with the term "greatness." Bestseller just means that many people have heard about a book and decided to go take the chance and buy it.<br/>If you take this book at pure fictional value, then it is a decent suspense. But, it hardly deserves the accolades and the attention it is getting. Controversial? Yes.<br/>A masterfully crafted work of art? No. There are many "movie" type action sequences and convenient escapes by our protagonists; it becomes a bit cliched to the reader after a certain point.<br/> This, for the most part, was a slow read that was tough to get through because of its lack of depth. The only deep part of the book is the seemingly endless "facts" that are discussed about Da Vinci, the church, the Holy Grail and this  amazing code that has seemingly no end to it. The characters are constantly trying to solve the code, but the process of bringing these facts to play is absurd.  And these "facts" are really not real facts (only facts for the sake of the book).<br/>Much of the dialogue, combined with stereotyped good guy/ bad guy situations,  make for a mediocre story. The protagonists manage to just get by the bumbling police, who manage to blow several key opportunities to get them. It would not have been surprising to hear the police captain scream "Don't blow this case" to a lowly, but eager rookie officer who wanted in on the chance to nab our heroes.  The characters are either evil and corrupt, or good and benevolent; it is as simple as black and white.<br/>If there is an aspect that should be applauded it is Brown's ability to take many aspects of history (as factious as they are) and attempt to intertwine them into the plot of a story.  But, these attempts fail because they beg too many convenient coincidences, and the authenticity of the characters is seriously lacking as a result.<br/>This book will probably end up being some major motion picture in a few years, with big stars and a big budget.<br/>As far as being a unique work of fiction, this fails.
 Even if you have already read the Da Vinci Code, if you haven't seen the illustrated version, you have missed out on a lot.  If you have NOT read this book, it's an absolute MUST_READ!  All controversy aside, it's a story you will never forget, a mystery you will not be able to put down and it is , after all, just a novel to be enjoyed as such.  Reading the illustrated version is like stepping into an art gallery and beyond!  The corresponding pictures and drawings really bring the story to life and give a visual picture and meaning that go beyond the words.  I highly recommend this book.  The paperback format (and price) allowed me to own this book and all its wonderful pictures for my library, as the hardcover price for this special edition is a bit pricey for my budget.
 I always wondered about this book after I saw someone talking about it. I love it. I got exactly what I ordered and timely. Thanh you.
 Occasionally I pick some work of "popular fiction" that I think might be fun to read; it's shock therapy for my brain, which is so crammed with science that it rattles as I walk. I'd resisted reading The Da Vinci Code since 2003, thinking that any book this popular can't be any good. Can you say SNOB? But when I saw this Special Illustrated Edition (and the incessant drumbeat of publicity and shameless media linkage to the book, like the History Channel's "Da Vinci Decoded"), I finally broke-down and read it.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's book is a taut page turner. It deals with several rather controversial assertions (to say the least) about Christianity. Whether you choose to believe them or not is a personal decision. Many are taken from another controversial book published in 1982, Holy Blood, Holy Grail. As Mr. Brown's book is a work of Fiction, I just went along for the ride and disregarded all the hoopla. As a thriller, it is one of the best I've ever read. It is intelligently written, with almost no excess material. Some of Mr. Brown's plot choices puzzled me; like the strange attack of "the dumbs" afflicting his 3 allegedly brilliant protagonists late in the book when they're unable to identify a very famous scientist from rather obvious clues. Or their inability to identify the food item associated with that scientist, something any school child knows. Crucial to the plot, obvious to the reader, their sudden obtuseness was the only real fault - if it is a fault - that I could find in this otherwise exciting novel.<br/><br/>What really compounded my pleasure in reading this novel were the carefully chosen illustrations, generously interspersed throughout the Special Edition. Resembling an Oxford University Illustrated History in size and layout, reading the Special Edition was like reading a really exciting textbook (How rare is that?). Every fact came alive, every clue was vivid. It was a totally immersive experience, like a turn-based video game. And when we reached The Last Supper in the novel, visually flipping back and forth from text to painting was viscerally exciting! Those mysterious visual clues Da Vinci inserted into his magnificent painting are literally seared into my memory. I had gooseflesh for three days!<br/><br/>The Special Illustrated Edition of the Da Vinci Code accomplished what I intended: my brain no longer rattles as I walk. Unfortunately, the book (and the fun) had to end. If you haven't yet read it, I strongly recommend this Special Edition. Even if you have, this experience is unique, unlike any reading adventure I've ever had. You might enjoy rediscovering the mysteries that make reading the Da Vinci Code so enjoyable!<br/><br/>Postscript: As for those of you who wish to censor this book; who even censor positive reviews of this book (the instantaneous negative votes for every single positive review of The Da Vinci Code here at Amazon is as creepy as anything found in Dan Brown's Book!): censorship of ideas has never worked and never will! It reflects a strange feebleness of mind and an insecure, even frightened, faith! One can enjoy this novel without subscribing to the extraneous conspiracy theories the plot is draped upon. It is merely a work of fiction, for goodness sake! Apparently, however, anyone with a viewpoint that's even nominally different must be silenced. Now, where have we all seen that before?!<br/><br/>Mike Birman
 I can't even go into detail about how amazingly compelling this book was to read, but one thing I have to stress is that nobody should watch the movie before reading the book first.  If you have already watched the movie, read the book and then watch the movie again because it will make so much more sense and make so much more of an impact.  Of course, the movie couldn't fit in everything that the book covered, but it did follow it fairly well.<br/><br/>The storyline, the characters, the dialogue, etc. in this book are all so incredible that you don't want to put the book down once you start reading it.  However, most people would not be able to read this entire book in one day or even two.  It took me a little over a week to finish it because most people can't read a book all day long if they work or even if they don't.  I grant you, it's a lot of pages, but it is so worth the time because this is a very enlightening book in so many ways and gives insight into various aspects of not only religion, but things you never knew about famous art works.  I was never very interested in art, but this book was quite eye-opening.  I highly recommend this book to ANYONE.
 This is a great suspense novel. Just sit back and enjoy it, and forget all of the controversy that surrounds this book. It has plenty of drama, narrow escapes, and a little romance. The Kindle format is very good; I didn't find any weird page breaks or other annoyances. The table of contents actually works, so you can skip to a previous chapter if you've missed something and then go right back to where you left off. It's an easy read and the story flows very well.<br/><br/>Just remember, this book is fiction! If Mr. Brown's story intrigues you, there's plenty of places to learn more about the theories stated in the DaVinci Code. University databases are a good place to start for reputable sources.
 Robert Langdon's character comes to light quickly and entertainingly.  I read it when it first came out and reread it on my Kindle.  Even though I knew the story line, I picked up more information.  I liked the way Dan Brown wove historical events into life-like incidences.<br/><br/>Sophie Neveu's character is definitely one that will keep you on the edge of your seat.<br/><br/>I like the idea of a possible relationship with Jesus may exist.<br/><br/>Worth rereading.
 The Da Vinci Code was an intriguing and a enlightening read as Dan Brown uses of symbols regains the mystery formula again to maintain my curiosity and attention throughout the book. Even after viewing the movie some years ago, I really enjoyed the book.<br/><br/>With so much reference to the Catholic Church, I see why most Catholic Bishops encouraged their parishioners from either not reading the book or not believe what is printed.
 Mr. Brown's book is a high paced action mystery thriller.  It is obviously written for mass market digestion, as he uses effusive foreshadowing that allows the reader to figure out the solutions to the plots and subplots well in advance of Brown revealing them.  However, the book is great fun to read.<br/>When evaluating detective/mystery books, I always try to compare them to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes books, which really are the only books in this genre that I feel are truly literature in the classic sense.  Brown's book does not live up to that literary test, but it does live up to most other tests of what readers would consider a good read.<br/>If you enjoy page turning mystery with a theological theme, this is truly a wonderful read.
 If you cannot separate your religious beliefs from your entertainment reading, stay away. The second time I read this I found three internal errors; that is like having a treasure hunt inside the book! Like a free bonus! By the way, the errors did not cause any real problems with the storyline or anything, they were mostly trivial. They made the second reading more fun, because I was motivated to pay closer attention, thus bringing out details I may have glossed over otherwise.
 This is a great suspense book that really keeps you on your toes!  The basic outline is that a museum curator gets murdered and a cryptic message left via the Mona Lisa.  His cryptologist granddaughter, Sophie, must then try and decipher the code and figure out who killed her grandfather.<br/>I don't want to give anything more away, you really have to read it for yourself!  The book is gripping and really makes you think.  It gives you the codes to try and crack yourself along with Sophie.  It also is chock full of information about history and art, this book ended up being quite educational!<br/>I highly recommend this book.. the plot twists and turns will keep you on the edge of your seat!  Believe me, once you start reading it you won't be able to put it down!
 I would highly recommend this book. it's a gripping read and I couldn't put it down for days until i finished it.
 I had trouble closing my Kindle to go to bed at midnight, and sometimes later! Now I have to go for more of Dan's work!
 Start in the Louvre and then travel to seek the Grail.  This is one of the best Grail Stories told in modern times.  Weaves to Grail and conspiracy theories in and out of the life of Robert Langdon.  A great introduction to Robert Langdon and Brown's "Art Detective"<br/><br/>Unlike other reviewers, I am not going to tell you the entire story - read the book or see the sample.  CAUTION: If you read the sample you might be hooked.
 I am not Roman Catholic but I find this novel an insult to Roman Catholics and all Christians.  Especially for the poorly informed and those on the fringe of theological discourse, this novel may justify hostility and smear campaigns over the Christian faith and Jesus.  I read it after it seemed everyone else had read it.  If "novels" like this are justified as free speech and free press, then no wonder the art world also attacks Christian faith and symbols.
 I picked up this book with a little bit of skepticism because of all the hoopla surrounding the book. A few days later I was glad I read it.<br/><br/>But here is a word of warning: If you are an ardent catholic this book might offend you. If you are not this book should fascinate you.<br/><br/>It is a well written and researched book that excites and propels the reader's interest to turn each page. It grabs the readers from the very beginning takes them on a wonderful journey and never lets up until the very end.<br/><br/>You will learn about the Illuminati and the Priory of Sion one of the oldest and most secret of societies and their relationship with Leonardo Da Vinci.<br/><br/>You will also read about a Roman Catholic organization called "The Prelature of the Holy Cross and Opus Dei", commonly known as Opus Dei. The Opus Dei gets a bad rap in the book and here is where the Catholics might be offended.<br/><br/>Nevertheless this is a work of fiction and maybe the Catholics just need to develop a better sense of humor. And the ending in my opinion is well worth the effort to get there.<br/><br/>This illustrated version helps you see what the author is talking about but I still get more out of looking it up on the internet.<br/><br/>I guess you can tell that I really enjoyed this book and if you read it maybe you will too.
 So this is The Da Vinci Code?? This is the book that has caused a media frenzy? Well, the writing is above average but nothing extaordinay and the pace is at times preposterous. If not for the claim of presenting a new Christian history, it would be a fairly entertaining whodunnit. With that claim, it is a fairly entertaining whodunnit serving as propaganda for yet another anti-Christian pop conspiracy theory devoid of truth. All in all it is much ado about not much.<br/><br/>And what of Brown's claim to historical accuracy? That is, after all, what the fuss is about. So he takes a theory about Jesus' alleged bloodline from a long discredited book (Holy Blood, Holy Grail) whose major evidence rested on the fake documents whose "discoverer" admitted the hoax ages ago and he combines that with Gnostic texts (that do not even state what he claims) written centuries after the canonical gospels in his attempt to rewrite Church history. In the process, he displays such blatant ignorance of the period of Constantine and the Council of Nicea one is left to wonder wonders whether in his "research" he ever managed to get anything right. The sources he cites as "proof" are largely a collection of crackpot conspiracy theorists no serious scholar gives credence along with some peripheral evidence from more reputable sources that has no bearing on his thesis. It's a fairly telling verdict when the source of your evidence undermines your own credibility.<br/><br/>While Brown may be completely ignorant of history, the same cannot be said for his skill at manipulating the media. While I do so enjoy watching the fourth estate make total fools of themselves, I would enjoy it even more if he would confess the whole thing to be a practical joke engineered to demonstate how gullible our culture has become. Alas, thus far he still claims to believe the hogwash he is promoting.<br/><br/>Of course, his backers often counter that it's only fiction. Excuses are the last refuge of the duped. Since when has fiction become culturally neutral? This book was written to promote a particular version of the Christian story more to the liking of someone who wishes Jesus was other than who the New Testament texts claim. Fiction often has an ulterior motive. Would one deny that The Grapes of Wrath, Uncle Tom's Cabin, and Atlas Shrugged were written with the idea of promoting a particular view of an issue? Or were they "just fiction" too?<br/><br/>Twenty years from now, the same folks who are mesmerized by The Da Vinci Code will likely sincker at them as we all do now at Chariots of the Gods?, and The Bermuda Triangle. By then, they will have moved on to a different brand of snakeoil. It is rather sad when real scholars have to waste books debunking such nonsense, but it was the same with the others. Their efforts are certainly more than it deserves.
 This novel grabs your attention at the beginning and keeps it through the entire book. It made me refer to an encyclopedia constantly to look up interesting historical data, and I feel that I came away from it with more than I expected. Block off the time to read it in one sitting (if you can) because it'll get stuck in your head until you finish it! Full of art references, historical references, and travel scenery, it is one of the best books I have ever read.
 It's been several years since the last time I read this book and it has not lost its appeal or energy for me.  The plot moves briskly without ever leaving you behind or being confusing.  This is not saying you know what is going to happen at the next page turn.  Dan Brown is a skilled and entertaining author.  Of the four Robert Langdon books this is my favorite.  I highly recommend this book and Dan Brown!
 This is a can't-put-it-down read.  If you have spring cleaning you are planning to do, don't pick this book up.  You will not be cleaning today.  Very well written, attention-grabbing right from the first page.  I have read this book once before, and just recently, reluctantly gave away the hard copy book. However, through the magic that is Kindle, I will always have a copy and can read and enjoy this book over and over again, whenever I feel like<br/><br/>sparkysmom
 This was the first of Dan Brown's books that I read and thoroughly enjoyed it.  If you saw the movie and didn't read the book you are missing a lot.  The book goes into more detail and brings out a lot more of Langdon's character and knowledge. If you didn't see the movie and want to I suggest that you read the book first.  It's a great "solve the mystery" type of book, with a course the woman co-star and the bad guy.  Everything you need for a good mystery.
 Deciding to indulge in some low-brow reading, what better place to start than Dan Brown’s THE DA VINCI CODE.<br/><br/>Let’s get one thing out of the way up front: the writing…is terrible.  Astonishingly terrible.  Make ESL students stitch 120,000 words together on their first day of class kind of terrible.  I recommend wielding a pen while reading this novel, because you’ll constantly stop and underline sentences that are loaded with badness.  My personal favorite: “The fond memory caused Sophie a pang of sadness as the harsh reality of the murder gripped her again.”  Cliché sandwich with a side of corny triteness anyone?<br/><br/>But, as you may have noticed, this is a four star review.  Why?  Well, because it’s ridiculously entertaining.  Condensing the plot into one sentence: a Harvard symboligist  not kidding!] finds himself framed for murder and running for his life as powerful, shadowy forces seek to suppress information that, if revealed, would shatter the foundation of the Christianity.  Yet, the story is far from simple.  Twist after twist, revelation after revelation, the plot becomes a tangled net of intrigue as the characters race toward a showdown where truths and identities are shockingly uncovered.<br/><br/>The book’s strongest quality is its ability to introduce esoteric history and facts without ever slowing down the pacing.  While the history should be treated dubiously, Dan Brown does create an intriguing world on the page where the Catholic Church is harboring a profound secret.<br/><br/>As clumsy as the prose is - and it is epically clumsy - this book probably deserves all the popularity it received.  If someone who had never read a novel in their life asked me for a recommendation for the one novel that might make them read more, I’d honestly recommend THE DA VINCI CODE. It shows how fun reading can be without taxing the brain.<br/><br/>The old joke goes that if you have a million monkeys typing on a million different typewriters, eventually they’ll write WAR &amp; PEACE.  I think if you put three monkeys on three typewriters and give them a weekend and some bourbon, there’s a good chance they could produce THE DA VINCI CODE.<br/><br/>But who cares - it’s a fun ride.
 If you're looking for a page turning can't wait to see what happens next beach read, this may be the book for you. The story is of a Harvard symbologist who aids a French cryptologist in uncovering clues her murdered Grandfather has left behind in the works of Leonardo DaVinci.<br/>Plot supersedes character development, which seems to work in the first half of the book, but as I got closer towards the end it felt like stock cardboard cut outs delivering rather stilted dialogue. Still, it's an interesting and entertaining premise even if it doesn't always succeed in execution
 The book was much more than just who done it type of fiction. The book's plot was intermixed with historical details that made the book far more than your typical collection novel. I could not put this book down,, its plot takes so many exciting and unexpected twists. Even if you dot normally read mystery thriller books this is definitely a book I would recommended to anyone looking for a great story that gives you some things to think about history and religion- wise. But let me tell you I have seen the movie after I had read the book I have to say that reading the book is more intriguing so once again I have to say, that I highly recommended reading the book because it will give you more then the movie...
 Dan Brown always writes an interesting story. His lore, based in fact, is believable. He writes adventure and suspense so well, I'm always drawn into the story and hate to put it down.
 Among the many reviews written, there is a lot of controversy about the accuracy of the "facts" in this book. The section on Fibonnaci numbers and the Grand Proportion is certainly accurate, and just this little tidbit is more fascinating information than you'll will find in the whole of most fictional best sellers. Like many readers, the book has inspired me to learn more religious history. But the main, undeniable fact is that Christian theology has done a lot to rate better than half the population as inferior and perhaps downright evil. The holocaust of witch burnings supported if not initiated by adherents of Holy Muthah Church deserves some light shined upon it. While the writing in this fast paced and engrossing read may be flawed (lack of character development, clumsy expository diaglogue), if this book causes even a few men to question and/or reconsider their bigoted attitude toward women, then hooray for Dan Brown!
 I've seen the movie The Da Vinci Code and had very high expectations after reading Angels and Demons first, but this was not what I'd hoped it would be.  Excitement, intrigue, suspense and quite a ride to a better ending than the movie. I wasn't surprised that the book was presenting a different view point to Christianity, I was stunned at the complete dismissal of my faith. I will think long and hard before reading another Dan Brown book.
 I just couldn't stop reading. Never put it down from page 1 to the end. To say it is the best book I've ever read might be an overstatement but it certainly is an amazing read.
 Murder Mystery or Heretical Revelation?<br/><br/>This book is a great page turner because it can be understood on at least three levels:<br/>1. Murder Mystery<br/>In the great tradition of Agatha Christie (suspense and erudition) and written in the style of Tom Clancy (i.e., jumping from one uncompleted scene to another as they rush toward each other), The Da Vinci Code makes great reading. Interesting, sympathetic characters are caught in a convoluted web that they fight to unravel, with the reader's full involvement.<br/>2. Scholasticism<br/>The iconography, particularly of Da Vinci of course, but to one extent or another all of Christendom, Judaism and their Pagan antecedents is touched on in an intriguing and interestingly informative way. Plus, who knew that "sub rosa" came from a kind of Roman mistletoe for secret meetings; or that "gargoyle" is derived from the word to "gargle"? A lot of study went into this work, and it is presented in a very readable way.<br/>3. Historical Fact<br/>Here, each must come to their own conclusions. The basic story is that in the year 32 AD, a pregnant woman (Mary Magdalene) walked from Roman Palestine to modern-day France, where she was sheltered by a colony of Jews who accepted her child as the descendant of the Messiah. Oh! And maybe Walt Disney was in on the secret later on, along with less amazing personages as the Knights Templar. And, of course, Leonardo Da Vinci. The mind reels.<br/>Everybody loves a cabal. Cabals are fun. The Holy Grail is fun. Hermann Hesse is fun. Umberto Eco is fun. The Da Vinci Code is fun (and erudite), but let's just leave it at that ... except that, after all our page turning, we don't actually find the Grail! So there must be a sequel, no?<br/>It will probably be worth reading, too. Have fun.
 Seeing the art added a lot to my understanding of the story.  Actually, the movie does too.
 A book you cannot put down as out keeps you riveted to it. The suspense is over whelming. A must read
 Ha! I didn't read the description at all because this is in French. But I do want to learn French. I won't give a bad review for my own mistake. I'll just buy an English version.
 This book swept the reading public by storm a few years ago and created quite a furor. Several articles and TV specials were created to discuss the veracity of the book (or lack thereof.) There is even a mock book, "The DaVinci Cod."<br/><br/>The book is an incredible page turner and the author paints a vivid picture while injecting some of his own weltanschauung into his characters sayings and actions. The important thing to bear in mind is that this is a work of fiction.<br/><br/>Hours of enjoyable reading are guaranteed...
 This is one of my favorite books. In my opinion this is the quintessential mystery/thriller. This is Dan Brown at his finest. I look at this as a work of fiction and don't try to analyze the philosophies presented in the book. I have no idea if the history presented is factual or not. Some of the other reviewers were debating this. To me this is a work of fiction, as such it is an exciting and fresh story.
 This book is quite a tale that I found hard to put down, found it quite interesting even. That is despite it not entirely being believable. There are some interesting elements, secret societies, code breaking and of course the various elements of Christianity. Do think that Mr Brown might have focused a little too much on genitalia though. Had read DaVinci Code many years ago and remembered that I liked it back then. Well, I still like it.
 Dan Brown never lets down with his mysteries and sometimes controversial topics.  This book is no different.  It is a really harrowing tale about finding an ancient artifact by fighting, mystery-solving, and sometimes stealing to complete the task.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to anyone that loves a good, well-thought-out story line.  One of my all time favorite books.
 I never would've read this book had my daughter not chosen it for our family book club... it was so good... suspenseful,  adventurous... wow
 I always enjoy a good treasure hunt story, maybe everyone does.  That's part of what made "Raiders of the Lost Ark" so much fun for me.  This is another treasure hunt but the best part of the book is not the hunt but the treasure and the story behind it.<br/>I read most of "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" many years ago so I already knew something of the legend of the Knights Templars and the "real" Holy Grail.  The story fascinates me, though we'll probably never know if it's true.<br/>This book is another boy/girl chase story that, without the treasure part, would be similar to "The Bourne Identity" or "Three (or Six) Days of the Condor".  And for a lot of people that would be plenty.  For me, however, that would have just made it fairly routine and not that interesting.<br/>I want to recommend this book to those who are unaware of the legend of the Knights Templars or Mary Magdalene, etc. for an eye-opening and thought-provoking story.  For those who aren't interested in opening their eyes or provoking their thoughts, I'm sure you'll enjoy it as a page-turning thriller.
 For those who are inclined to follow the movie releases, DO NOT read this book first.  Start with Angels and Demons.  The book reads quickly and, of course, the least likely person ends up being the antagonist in the book.  I have read everything that Dan Brown has published.  Each of the subsequent books released in this series prove to be even more exciting than the last.  Inferno has been my favorite thus far, so start with Angels and Demons and read the entire Robert Langdon series.
 This is the second time I've read it and It's still 5 stars!
 I have to join the ranks of those who enjoyed "The Da Vinci Code".  Having watched the movie years ago, I recently picked up the book as there were similarities to the new novel, "By A Thread" - a thriller with religious overtones.  While I enjoyed the movie I enjoyed the book more.  The religious overtones to the story were unique.  I also have to marvel at the seemingly never-ending instances of the grandfather's brilliance of symbolism upon symbolism throughout the story, with story telling making it all very believable.  The story was fast-paced from beginning to end with characters coming and going to suite the story's needs.  While I very much enjoyed the story I would have enjoyed stronger character development.  We got to learn of the two main characters as the story unfolded while the other characters seem to come and go.  I walked away from the story remembering its pace and the various intricacies of the story's symbolism, however the characters themselves did not stay with me.  I wish there had been better character development as was done in "By A Thread".  Also, there is no doubt a tremendous amount of research was conducted with a lot of information around which to frame a story.  With that said at times I felt, when reading the book, massive amounts of detail to be used thus craft a story to support the details.  With that said, however, still an enjoyable read!
 Despite its reputation, Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code rates no more than a 3.  On the whole a captivating read, the book suffers from poor structure and historical inaccuracy.  Worst of all, the same ideas were captured in a much richer, intriguing, and complex book, Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum."  Alas, Brown has re-hashed ideas that tantalize the uninformed but disappoint the more literate.<br/>Instead of reading this Clif Notes version of Western Civilization, I suggest you read "Pendulum" or study Da Vinci himself. Then, judge for yourself if Christianity is sitting on a secret, or whether instead the secret is really inside ourselves.<br/>Note: mainstream Christians, especially Catholics, may find "Code" offensive or even blasphemous.  Since I am Jewish, I lack the personal, cultural, and educational background to judge;  you should proceed with caution.
 This book is off to the races from the beginning to end, leaving the reader wanting more after each page as there's mystery, murder, good and bad, as well as lots of historical knowledge. However there are also various perspectives of the authors interpretation of organized religious and anti religious groups which makes the book even more readable but no believable.  However, if you really want to read a hollywood movie style book, read his first book Angels and Demons which is even more off the wall.
 A dozen years after all the fuss, I thought it time to dive in.  Yes, the Da Vinci Code is not very good.  But it isn't very bad either.  The writing is canned, and therefore tinny to the ear--Dan Brown has absolutely no gift for dialogue--and ending each chapter on a suspenseful note is more than a bit contrived.<br/><br/>It isn't though difficult to see why it's popular--people confuse sensationalism with sensational.  The topic is titillating and folks who know little or nothing about art or history (still don't know much afterwards) will have been able to follow along. No doubt everyone looks at the Last Supper on line and thinks the portrayal of the Apostle John is MM and feels they too have made a discovery: "look! it really is a girl..."<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code confirms what Barnum told us about suckers being born every minute.  Is it Dan Brown's fault he seems to have cracked the code for appealing to them?  Certainly not.  More power to him.
 I had never read this author till I was in Firenze, and was told that I HAD to read the Inferno by Brown.  I enjoyed the fact that I was right in the middle of all the action, but this author is really a terrible writer!  The book is so poorly written, that only the clever topic keeps you reading.  My friend (who is a big fan) told me that the DaVinci Code was a far better book.  I felt just the opposite.  The characters were wooden, like cartoons, and the prose just awful.  Again, the story was probably great for the big screen, as the Inferno will no doubt be, but geeze.  I was appalled that it was so popular.
 I must be the last person I know to read this but it was an awesome adventure! I've seen the movie several times but the book is MUCH better!  It's kind of like reading a Scooby Doo mystery for grown ups and, through Langdon's eyes we all get to be Velma! It's not deep or controversial. Just good fun..and as they used to say on Fat Albert, if you're not careful, you might learn something before it's done!
 I liked this book so much when it was first released, that I read all the Dan Brown books.  Having done that, I will tell you that if this were the last one that I read (after all his previous books), I would have found it formulaic.  As in his other works, there is a twist, but if you've read his others, you will be able to figure it out.<br/><br/>I know many people were upset by the religious meanings of this book.  As long as you can understand that this is a work of fiction, and be able to keep your faith and church separate from your entertainment and reading, you will find this an enjoyable reading experience.
 A disquieting ride around France and Britain chasing the holy gmail. Robert and Sophie are sometimes pawns but always steadfast in pursuit. Many seem evil but are not, many seem helpful but are not. All are interesting.
 After many years, I finally committed to reading and finishing this.  This book started slowly (took me months to inch through the first 2%), but eventually, it did pick up, and I enjoyed the book overall.  Often felt frustrated with the plot, but I think that's intentional. I found the ending to be a bit anti-climactic, and now my religious history is confused.
 The best I can say for Dan Brown here is at that at least he cops to all the sources for his story (including not only the 1980's best seller "Holy Blood, Holy Grail," but Brown's own prequel!).  The real problem with this book is that it's just badly written.<br/>The plot itself is moderately entertaining, but Brown engages in the annoying habit of dancing around a topic for chapters and chapters to avoid telling the reader what the characters already know.  Brown repeatedly refers to what Sophie saw her grandfather doing that kept her from speaking to him for twenty years, but doesn't reveal it until near the end, so while it remains a mystery to us, it's hard for us to have any sympathy with Sophie's trauma and, after a while, we just don't care what she saw.  And having a "cliffhanger" every four pages just gets tiresome, as do the intellectual and artistic references that don't drive the plot, but seem to be there simply so that we can be impressed with the wealth of Dan Brown's knowledge.  Is it really descriptive to say that the evening made Langdon feel like he was in a Salvador Dali painting?  There are enough artistic and scientific references that fit in with the plot to make this uneccessary.  Finally, some of the plot points (which I won't spoil), are just too convenient, stuck in to make for a tidy wrap up of certain loose threads.<br/>I was looking forward to a good yarn involving art, science and religion, but considering the lack of anything novel in the plot, it would have to be a lot better written to have held my attention.  The underlying concepts, e.g., the notion of the perfect number, the symbolism in ancient and renaissance art and architecture, etc., are really interesting and I wanted to read more about them.  The hokey plot and mediocre writing just kept interrupting all the good stuff.<br/>A decent read on the topic if you don't want too much of a challenge, but if you're willing to work a little, Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum" is a much more rewarding Knights Templar conspiracy romp.
 Worth a read at any age and reading level.
 This was my first time to read a work of Dan Brown's and I have to admit that I am impressed.<br/>I picked up The DaVinci Code on the premise that it was a sort of historical mystery novel in the vein of Wilbur Smith's "The Seventh Scroll" which I thoroughly enjoyed.<br/>While a good number of people would question the accuracy of Brown's information with regard to the Grail, Opus Dei, the Priory of Sion, Mary Magdalene and other religious content, I merely took this as a work of fiction loosely grounded on some facts.<br/>Doing that, I have to say that Dan Brown makes the book almost impossible to put down. The character of Robert Langdon is compelling and has a lot of potential to carry off a series of books with him in the lead.<br/>The way Brown dangles clues and mysteries without giving them away immediately contributes to the building of a suspenseful atmosphere. It makes one anxious to flip pages to get to the answers. In my opinion, that makes a great book.<br/>I heartily recommend this book for those interested in historical fiction. But devout Catholics (like me) beware, one really has to approach this book with a lot of open-mindedness and understanding.
 Using the info found in Holy Blood, Holy Grail, and other Rennes-le-Chateau material (and taking the names Sauniere and Bezu for 2 of his main characters), Brown has crafted a Crichton-esque page-turner, that also balances our 1500+ (not 2000 as he points out) year patriarchal religious bent with a (it seems to me, more natural) goddess-worship view of religion.<br/>Lots to learn (and the author doesn't invent it, type in "Rennes-le-Chateau" in Google for an eye-opener) while page-turning furiously (I read it on Metro escalators).<br/>Far from coming across as "atheistic" or one-sided, Dan Brown presents a balanced, sympathetic view (maybe a tad condescending, coming from the perspective that the Grail material is in fact, true) of conventional Christian belief.
 I don't care what' fashionable. This is a good fun read and compelling adventure with a religious conspiracy twist. After this book became famous it became popular for people to overanalyze or criticise this book. Calm down people. It's fiction. If you can't emerse yourself and and enjoy the story why do you bother to read at all. Great book.
 I enjoyed this book but didn't have a problem putting it down for a bit.  When I read a few pages, it seemed like I wanted to think about it and try to solve things myself.  I guess it maybe being part of history, made it all the better!
 Elmore Leonard once said about his writing: "I leave out the parts people skip." Dan Brown could have done some of the same and it would have made for a much tighter and exciting read. I'm re-reading Michael Crichton's Disclosure and find it a well paced read, despite incorporating necessary techno babble related to the story. The Da Vinci Code also needed to pass on certain code and religious related info, but could have done it in a more concise manner while focusing more on character development.
 I was a late reader to this, so it was already very popular and I knew what it was about.  In spite of that, it catches your attention and draws you in.  This was my first Dan Brown book.  I love how he takes history and mythology and twines them together to make a plausible action adventure.  It kept me racing through the book and on the edge-of-my-seat.  Great job!
 With all the hype about this book, I expected some decent writing.  Nope.  Bland characters who have silly names (seriously, Aringarosa??  I expected to see someone named Pocketfullaposies too, not to mention Gettum, and Fache, which is the word for angry in French), and the author seemed to love his characters full names so much he kept repeating them over and over and over.  Contrived plot, which means I had to roll my eyes several times at how "convenient" some highly unlikely things were (I'm not being specific because I wouldn't want to give spoilers).  Predictable.  I like thrillers that have twists and turns and keep me guessing all along the way, but I hate it when I figure out a key point the minute it's said, long before the supposedly intelligent characters do.  Oh, and the point of view head-jumping within scenes drove me crazy!  Good writers just do not do that, and good editors don't let them.  Evidently this book had neither because the head-jumping is rampant.<br/><br/>The only reason this book gained any notoriety, or maybe even got published in the first place, is purely because of it's anti-Christian message.  Even though the author had his characters repeat over and over that their "facts" were "documented," they aren't.  This is fiction, completely (and not even good fiction).  Please remember that.  The Priory of Scion, for example, was founded in 1956 and dissolved in the same year.  Hardly an organization that has existed since the time of the Crusaders.  The rest of the "facts" are equally absurd.  I have nothing against an author making up things (that's what they do), but shame on any reader who assumes those "facts" are true.
 The Da Vinci Code caused such a stir when it was released, and I hesitated reading it. But, it is excellent. Dan Brown's research and excellent writing kept me reading avidly until the end, and then I thought the movie was also good. It led me to read "Angels and Demons", and so far that's all I've read because of eye problems which had to be corrected.
 I read this several years ago in paperback. The ebook was a daily deal, I had to get it just to have it.<br/>The story is very interesting, I was not sure if it would be something I would like, I did. It was one of those books you<br/>try to figure out who and what and why.  I kept guessing wrong, then finally very close to the end I knew....Love books like this, keeps you guessing till the end
 Well written. held interest and a few surprises. Led me to read other books by this author. .
 This is the novel that rocked the literary world with its controversial story line. I love it! The characters are well-developed and believable, and the story line makes the reader hypothesize the reality of everything they know about Jesus, Mary Magdalene, and the story of Jesus' adult life. It's fun, and it's creative. The movie only touches on the depth of The Da Vinci Code novel.
 Who's to say that life or death has a predetermined course?  Can the events of one thousand or two thousand years ago still mold what our societies are today?  This had all the action you would expect from the fringes of society trying to hold onto what they know to be right.  This was worth the time to read and told so much more story than a movie ever could.
 This is probably my favorite book of all time. The mystery was great. Loved the French. All the complex puzzle solving with plenty of action and clever plot twists built in. Many people don't like how controversial it is, but that just made it all the more enjoyable for me &gt;:-).
 This book is an enigma. Read as pure fiction as a mystery, it is extremely enjoyable and full of puzzles, twists, and turns. Read as some type of history, it elicits emotions from differing ideologies. I elected to read it as fiction and thoroughly enjoyed it. Dan Brown is a master of intrigue and misdirection.
 This book was purchased for a person who likes books by Dan Brown
 The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown is an international best seller that deals with a major cover up by the Christian church that spans thousands and thousands of years. Typically when you involve religion in the topic, it's bound to get many different types of reactions and feelings from the crowd and this is no different. I mean religion does sell right? This is the perfect example of an author cashing in on that aspect. However, when reading this book, I just took it for what it is and that is a book that is suppose to be highly suspenseful and an action thriller. Oh and of course,  discovering the big mystery that is suppose to shake the Christian church to its foundation. The Da Vinci Code I can say without a shadow of a doubt, is an excellent book from start to finish provided that you take it for what it is. This can be very hard obviously if you yourself is a devoted Christian because you'll probably not like what the author says about your religion here in this book even though it's considered a fiction piece of work. If you can get past that though, this book is the ultimate definition of a page turner!<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code basically is about what happens when everything is not as simple as we'd like things to be. We were always told the story of Jesus Christ through the Bible as it is suppose to detail an accurate picture of his life. But what if not everything we read is accurate and that the Bible is an actual cover up for the truth of what actually happened with Jesus Christ? Everyone loves a good conspiracy theory and The Da Vinci Code cashes in on that notion when members of an ultra secret brotherhood charged with protecting some important documents that reveal the actual truth about the life of Jesus Christ are murdered.<br/><br/>It's surprising to find out that the entire book takes place within the span of just one night. Not many authors can do this and I believe this author uses the same tactic with his other books as well. The problem here for many is that there just isn't enough time to develop the characters. Therefore, what I read from many reviewers is that due to shallow characters, they don't feel an emotional attachment to the story and that they don't care about the outcome. I usually promote strong character growth as well but I find the story in the Da Vinci Code good enough for me to give it a pass in this case.<br/><br/>The writing is superb from Dan Brown and this I believe is the first book I have read from this popular author. I find that the book immediately gripped me right from the beginning. I do admit that I had my doubts in the beginning. Like other readers, I usually find books on the best seller list as overrated but The Da Vinci Code is anything but that. The author really sets an incredible pace and he has a knack for not giving away too much all in one go. He slowly lures you in and you'll definitely be saying to yourself "just one more chapter!". Some might not like this as if I remember correctly, it's exactly at the halfway point of this book that the exact mystery is revealed to the readers.<br/><br/>As a thriller and mystery, you're going to get your usual doses of action set pieces and the author gives just enough to satisfy our thirsts without drowning us. What I also love about reading The Da Vinci Code is that the author sprinkles in a bit of historical education throughout the book. Those were definitely a blast to read through because typically, we normally don't relate or think about it from a historian's point of view. And believe it or not, you'll be rushing to your computer throughout the book searching for images that the author talks about. So not only are we getting a fantastic suspense thriller in the book, we are also educating ourselves in the process!<br/><br/>Whether you believe in what the author writes here is definitely up to you. Everyone loves a good conspiracy and I'm sure The Da Vinci Code stirred up a hornet's next when it was published. I personally am not a completely devoted and religious person but I do believe in a higher being. I definitely read this book with an open mind and it was pretty shocking to find what the author had to say although many others have reported that Dan Brown basically took the ideas of what other authors/historians have written in other lesser known books and used it here in The Da Vinci Code. Nonetheless, this book was a complete page turner and I could hardly put it down! I think this might take the spot for the fastest book read in my collection.
 Lured by the urging of a Lutheran friend, who even loaned me her regular edition book, I commenced. I got so into it that I ceased reading until I could order and receive this illustrated edition.<br/><br/>Don't recall "Winged Victory?" No problema. The picture is embedded right there in the text in which it is referred.  Need a close-up of Mona Lisa or The Last Supper? They're in here! This gorgeous glossy "Coffee-Table-able" edition is big and beautiful.  Its heft, though, does make it somewhat less portable than other editions and a tad less maneuverable for bedtime reading - but such minor inconveniences are outweighed by its obviation of collateral references.<br/><br/>Of course this captivating caper is not Gospel! It's derivative fiction, folks! And it makes no apocryphal pretentions to be otherwise. `Tis a grand thriller!  /TundaVision, Amazon Reviewer
 This book is just as good - if not better - than the movie.  I saw the movie years ago and can't wait to see it again for comparison.  Langdon is a very likable character and Brown does an excellent job educating the uninformed reader without coming across as pretentious. On to book 3, The Lost Symbol.
 Loved this book beyond belief. Some of the theories are very believable to me as well. Can honestly say I learned a few things from it even though it is under fiction. Dan Brown's writing is so well done as well I felt like I got a chance to view some places in the world, I even looked them up online his writing is so interesting.
 The historical stuff is mildly interesting, but this is basically a chase novel from beginning to end with a few uninteresting plot twists. All the "codes", hidden meanings, and secret semi-magical societies seem silly and unbelievable. The writing is poorly done and can't salvage the defective plot.
 The Da Vinci Code (2005) by Dan Brown is a great read. I first discovered the story when a well-worn paperback was being passed around at work over a decade ago. Then I was the first one to get his hands on the brand new hardcover of Inferno (2013), also by Dan Brown, when it landed at my local library in 2013. Inferno is a good read too. It made me want to reread The Da Vinci Code, so I bought the hardcover.<br/><br/>When I first looked at The Da Vinci Code hardcover online on October 10, 2013 it had a 3.7 rating on Amazon from 4,977 reviewers, which I thought was low since I gave the story 5 stars. On October 24, 2014 it still had a 3.7 rating from 5,317 reviewers. I was paying attention because I thought it should have a higher rating than Inferno. Today, March 28, 2017 The Da Vinci has a 4.5 rating from 5,876 reviewers, while Inferno has a 4.0 rating from over 20,000 reviewers. I finally agree with the ratings because I gave The Da Vinci Code 5 stars and Inferno 4 stars.<br/><br/>I haven’t seen any of the movies from the following series, but I did read the first books, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone, Twilight, Outlander, Fifty Shades of Grey, The Long Earth, Divergent, etc. I sample a lot of first books, but I don’t read many complete series. (Who has that much time?) The Hunger Games series by Suzanne Collins, and The Song of Ice and Fire (Game of Thrones) by George Martin are a couple of exceptions. I’ve read both of those series more than once.<br/><br/>If you like either of the above you might also like Jack Campbell’s The Lost Fleet series, Taylor Anderson’s Destroyermen series, Andre Norton’s Star Soldiers, Andy Weir’s The Martian, or Frank Herbert’s Dune. Other sci-fi and fantasy authors I like include Douglas Adams, Isaac Asimov, Paolo Bacigalupi, Arthur C. Clarke, Earnest Cline, Suzanne Collins, Abe Evergreen, Hugh Howey, George Martin, Larry Niven, Patrick Rothfuss, Brandon Sanderson and J.R.R. Tolkien.
 Robert Langdon has to be one of my favorite fictional characters of all time.  I really had a hard time putting this book down.  Sophie and Langdon are thrown together after the murder of the Lourve curator, and seem to hit it off from the beginning. They built a strong, intimate friendship which helped them to solve the mystery of the holy grail.  The story had twists and turns, intelligent characters, and heart pounding suspense. I think you will enjoy!
 I read Dan's two books many years ago, but  wanted to read them on my Kindle and not be weighed down in the process. I was greatly rewarded!!! He writes in a manner that I greatly appreciate!  The mystery was ever present, "deliciously" explained and surprisingly brought to an unsual conclusion. I felt drawn into the story and "drained" at its conclusion.I have no idea how accurate his descriptions were, but that made no difference to my enjoyment of his work. I highly recommnd this to other prospective readers.
 It was hard to know how to rate this book. As for quality of writing, it is an exciting page-turner. I'm not surprised that it is a runaway bestseller. However, it is terrible history, full of distortions that are easily disproved by historians. So if you're reading it for pure entertainment, fine. But if you believe this stuff is real, you are naive.
 this was the first Dan Brown book I'd read.  I read it years ago in hard cover form.  What I didn't realize was that this was #2 of the Robert Langdon books.  I immediately rushed out and secured a copy of Angels and Demons which in book form was equal to or better than this..  The movie version of Da Vinci was better than the movie version of Angels however.
 Exciting story with twists and turns.  This fictional novel encourages the reader to think outside of the box.  Anyone who likes puzzles and deciphering clues in a treasure hunt will love the journey and pace.  Robert Langdon's character is Academia's Indiana Jones, without the whip.  He uses his mind to find the treasure.  Enjoyed this story, the book better than the movie.
 Awesome book!! I love all of Dan Brown’s books. Robert Langdon takes you across the globe and teaches you things and, honestly, the fiction in it is just well written and goes at an steady yet thrilling pace. I highly recommend his books.
 I've read the book once before, and I've seen the movie twice. It was just as exciting the second time around, and with the Kindle Edition, I can safely highlight, and jump right to all the facts placed in here so I can share it with others :) Plus I was able to read it at home, and on the go, whether with my computer or with my husband's phone.<br/><br/>The book itself is amazingly written. It's descriptive without bore, and gives you a history lesson without droning, and makes it interesting since it all goes along the with story. There always another plot twist, right up to the end, and you never know what to expect. Plus, as a reader, you can ponder with Robert as to what the clues mean :)
 Illustrations were very helpful.
 What can I say, I'm a late starter.  Sure, this book's been around for ages, and they've even made an okay movie out of it, but it wasn't until recently that I got a chance to actually read it.  I remember there being a lot of controversy over this book, but really it's a work of fiction meant to entertain.  And entertain it does... A good read that I couldn't put down.
 I have mixed feelings about this book.  None of the "revelations" are new, but I enjoyed the story and found it to be a page-turner.  The one thing that sticks in my craw is that Brown has equated the possible marriage of Jesus with sex cults and pagan worship.  This doesn't fly, in my opinion.  I have no qualms about accepting a married Jesus, but nothing points to his own carrying on of ancient sex rituals and the like.  It seems Brown was attempting to tie in too many things.
 While I acknowledge the fact that this is a work of fiction, the uninitiated might receive the misimpression that some of the so-called "factual" aspects of the book are facts. One example will suffice. Brown misrepresents content of the Dead Sea Scrolls as having anything to do with early Christianity. In fact, most of the scrolls were written before the appearance of the Jesus movement and there is absolutely no mention of anything Christian in the Scrolls.<br/><br/>Anyone who has any kind of background in theology, history and symbolism, will not be particularly thrilled with this book, I imagine.
 It is a typical Brown novel chocked full of mystery and suspense and sprinkled with his ever present controversial subject  matter pricking ones intellect even outside of the novel at hand. The code is so realistically possible as to be true. Prove it isn't!!!  Another winner!! Enjoyed immensely! Can't wait for the next one.
 an interesting book, which I would likely read again. The book takes you trough a series of puzzles and hidden links. It engages the reader and captures ones attention. Would honestly but it again if Needed.
 A good story, very well written, really do not want to put this down.  I have the book in hardback and wanted to read it again.So, I got it on Kindle.  I LOVE MY KINDLE. It's lightweight, the size of the print can be adjusted and it only needs one hand to hold &amp; turn pages.  Anyway, The Da Vinci Code is a really good book and the Kindle is really good on which to read it.
 I originally read this book in high school for a college prep English course and it was fantastic!! I'm a huge fan of historical fiction, but was most impressed by the authors ability to tie in Renaissance art work into the mix. The book came to life even more to me as I was study Art History in college; I only wish I could have re-read it at the time. If you've seen the movie, it's a decent representation of the overall pace of the book, minus all the lovely detail added by Brown.<br/><br/>I highly recommend Angels and Demons (another book by Brown about Professor Langdon) if you enjoyed The DaVinci Code, it a prequel and well worth the read.
 Excellent book that catches you right from the first page and will not let you go.  I devoured it and had to read it twice.  The movie (as always) was not as good but worth seeing as well.  Read the book first so the movie doesn't give the book's ending away.  I will read this one again as it is very well written.  All of Dan Brown's stuff is always an entertaining read.
 I've been planning to read The DaVinci Code for some time. Off work with some surgery, my wife picked-up the book at the library and after a couple chapters I ordered it from Amazon (who, by the way was significantly cheaper the B&amp;N.) I wanted the illustrated edition, but I couldn't put the book down and practically read the whole book before my edition arrived. This is a great, page turning book that I feel is filled with more truths than a lot of people would care to admit. Regardless of that, it's just a "great read". Spend a few extra bucks and get the illustrated edition; it really adds to the enjoyment and overall understanding of the story line. Can't wait for the movie!
 Very good read.  If you haven't read it yet I would hope you seriously consider it.  Was worth my time
 I was "assigned" the Da Vinci Code for my book club, and did not know what to expect.  What i got was a fantasic story, well written, with so many references to real life and history that I was constantly on the internet doing research!  The book is a well-written mystery which ties famous pieces of art to the bible and general history.  Many of the speculations I have heard before, and it was excellent to hear a new twist.  I loved the characters, and could not put the book down.  I highly recommend to any mystery/history/general fiction lover!
 This book had me from the very first page.  Loved every moment of the book.  It also brought to my attention politics in religion.  For some reason never really put the two together.  Recently purchased the book for my Kindle, thinking of reading it again.  I think it is one of those books you can read several times and still catch something new you missed before.
 Definitely awesome<br/>Like the nature in which Dan Brown uses do bring about a vivid description of every scenario happening in the book especially the thrilling ones<br/>And I would absolutely recommend it to my friends
 This book has so many twists and turns that it left me researching groups and circumstances on the internet and in the library to learn more about those things. I found it a quick read, but yet I reread several parts while researching them to make sure I was getting the whole essence of the story. It certainly made me wonder how much was based on truth and how much was made up!
 Great, thought provoking, and well-written novel! I read this immediately after returning from Paris this past summer and was captivated by the spot-on  imagery and plot. I couldn't put this book down! Kudos to Dan Brown!
 I loan my first copy to one of my son in laws and he lone it  to some one and lost it. So I ordered another one for my collection.<br/>I want to read it again because I really enjoyed the first one.
 This is the book that gave fodder to Pawns of Prophecy and countless other knockoffs. i read this before seeing the movie and was impressed with the vivid descriptions and fast paced action scenes. 4 stars just because of all the hype surrounding it- you can never live up to the hype. A very entertaining novel still- not great but not a moment of regret for reading either.
 I read the book when it first came out, saw the movie and was so disappointed, but now have read the truly wonderful book again.  It has been written so well that you could believe that the Holy Frail truly is real.. Bravo Dan Brow. Bravo
 This book gets you questioning your religion, it got me to search for my real religion before bc. Come to find out my Irish/Scottish heritage was Pagan before christians came with there lying hating religion.... Yes i went home, back to the pagans
 After reading "Angels and Demons" I had high expectations for this one, sadly it didn't quite meet them. While Angels and Demons started off kind of slow, it got really exciting the closer to the end you got. With this book I feel as if it was the other way, it starts off with a very exciting premise with Langdon and Sophie on the run from the police trying to find the Holy Grail, the ending was kind of anticlimactic. When the big bad was revealed I just kinda went "huh", it didn't have any real impact. I'm hoping the next Langdon book is a little better.
 I really like Dan Brown's writing style. This is the first of his books i have read so far but i look forward to reading more.
 Novel intelligently weaves together a body of lore from art history, religious history, symbols, word etymologies, and legends.  I found this much better written than Brown's predecessors (Digital Fortress and Angels &amp; Demons).  It has far less wasted words and is less insulting of the reader's intelligence.  I could make a list of the things that are wrong in the book but, unlike Angels &amp; Demons, they are very few.  For example, the Dead Sea Scrolls have nothing to do with Christianity, there is too much going on in one night, about 20 things happen on a short jet flight from Paris to London that should have taken no more than 1/2 hour.  Some of the logic does not hang together.  But the main point of the book is to present some thought-provoking material in an interesting and suspenseful way, and in that it succeeds quite well.  The detective/action subplot is secondary, in my opinion.  It is a book that makes you think and want to explore more about the topics therein.  The setting in Paris/London and the wealth of knowledge of art and architecture add to its exotic interest.  Highly recommended.<br/><br/>The illustrated edition is great.  I liked having photographs of the places and artwork mentioned in the book.  You can find it all on the web of course, but it is handier to have it on the same page.<br/><br/>As to whether the "history" in the book is true, I just remark that the book is clearly labeled "Fiction".  There is much legend inside, and whether you want to believe that as history is left up to each reader to do their own thinking and research.<br/><br/>PS I watched the movie first and then read the book.  All I can say is I am grateful that the movie did not spoil the book.  I was able to enjoy both, the movie as fast-movie entertainment that sticks to the spirit of the story, and the book as a more leisurely read that I can put down to think about the implications of things.<br/><br/>PSS I just find it odd that Sophie is usually called by her first name, while Langdon is called by the last name.  Same with other characters.  There is no consistency.
 This is one of those books that once you pick it , it is hard to put down. I enjoy reading, but don't often because I tend to quickly get bored. Every now and then one comes along that keeps my interest. This was well written, and read very quickly. It keeps your interest with action and mystery. This was the first Dan Brown book that I purchased, and it prompted me to read his other books. Great read!
 I loved everything about this book! I especially enjoyed when the main characters would get into situations impossible to get out of...and yet they always did in a believable way. The descriptions of famous, mystical sites, were very well written, and the questions posed were mind boggling at times. I will be pondering those questions for a very long time.
 I bought this version of the book for my Dad for Christmas, and he loved it. He let me borrow it and I thought it was fantastic!<br/><br/>The story is very exciting, and it keeps your interest throughout the entire book. The illustrations are really helpful since they refer to so many historic places and works of art thoughout the story. This book is just so fascinating. I learned so much not only about Da Vinci, but about religious history and historic buildings. I was so intrigued after reading it I want to go to Paris now!<br/><br/>If you haven't read this yet, I would strongly recommend the illustrated version, it really helps you understand the entire story.
 Ive read this at least 10 times and listened to the audio book dozens of times as well.  Everything Dan Brown writes is a worthwhile read but this is probably one of his best.  I would recommend this to everyone.  Well researched fiction.
 With all the controversy surrounding this book when it first came out I wasn't sure I wanted to read it.  I am glad I decided to read it now. I have a new found interest in symbols and cryptology. This is not the faith shaking story i was lead to believe but an interesting twist on an age old quest. I couldn't put it down, suspenseful, insightful and compelling.
 This book is great!! (And the movie does not really do it justice  even though Tom Hanks is wonderful)<br/>I lost myself in that story and couldn't put it down. I was sitting in Las Vegas at the airport, waiting for my flight to Tucson and I was so immersed in my riveting book that, when a lady spoke to me and told me that she thought the book was really good, I jumped (she almost gave me a heart attack) and threw my Kindle up in the air!<br/>I recommend the 'Da Vinci Code' to everybody - great story, great subject, great read!
 This Book reveals a poignant truth about how to view religiosity. Religiosity is important because it revolves around cultural standard. However, Biblical Context operates independently of reason, and this movies depicts that very descriptive manner of how we are to use religion in its current pretenses
 I had read the book, and purchased it as a gift to the local library.
 I have read this book several times and love it every time.<br/>From the beginning to the end you are never sure what it going to happen next.<br/>The characters are well developed and interesting on there own.<br/>Whether you believe the plot ore not you will enjoy the book.v
 The idea is an interesting one, but the author's execution just isn't for me. The writing, especially at the beginning, seemed rather clunky and plain. Throughout the book Brown has a habit of going into deep description of things that have nothing to do with the plot whatsoever. It's ok, but I definitely won't be reading another Dan Brown.
 I read this book when it first came out several years ago. It was my first Dan Brown title, and I have since read many others, including all of tge books in this series. I love the pace, suspense, and intricate weaving of details from both art and history into the book. The story keeps you guessing until the very end and does not disappoint when it finally does close. It is so well done that even when finished it left me with questions and a desire to further read about the historical &amp; Biblical references from the book. If you have ever studied art history or the history of the church and love suspense novels, this book may be for you. Fun, full of suspense, and hard to put down. It kept me happy 12 years ago while on bed rest during a hot July while pregnant (not an easy task!) and I enjoyed it again when I listened to it on Audible it last year. One of my favorite modern fiction titles!
 One of the worst, if not THE worst book I've read, ever. With Brown's new one out, I'm afraid even more people will be tempted to read this thing.<br/><br/>I'll admit that at first, as a conspiracy-nut since the Kennedy assassination, I was intrigued by the idea of a systematic cover-up of the feminine role in the Church. And the idea of a non-celibate Jesus is interesting in the light of abuse scandals involving the said-to-be celibate priesthood. But it didn't take long for the flat dialogue and wooden characters to put me to sleep--especially Langdon, with his pedantic lecturing to the unfortunate Sophie (if I'd have been Sophie, I'd have knocked him one upside the head when he ran on and on and on, ad nauseum). And she wasn't a whole lot more interesting, even when you find out, if you hadn't already guessed it very early on, the (gasp!) secret of her heritage. Brown couldn't seem to decide whether she is a powerful, take-charge kind of woman (one who lead the hapless Langdon to safety outside the Louvre) or an insipid, adoring girl sitting at the feet of her hero. And don't get me started on old grand pere! What a sensitive, cuddly, surrogate parent he must have been: he takes in a child traumatized by the deaths of her entire family and what does he do? All Brown tells us is that he taught her to solve puzzles and crack codes. These people have absolutely no personalities and I never could make myself care what happened to them. Even Tom Hanks, bless him, was unable to make this clown interesting in the movie.<br/><br/>Can we believe that Sophie was so immature that she cut off all communication with her beloved grandfather for ten years because she witnessed a weird sexual ritual? A woman smart enough to have become a cryptologist certainly would have been able to confront him at some point and deal with it. She gives up her only living relative over this? Come on! I was expecting human sacrifice or something equally horrifying.<br/><br/>The characters seem incredibly naïve (if not downright stupid). I could have told them not to go back into the gallery when they were already nearly safely out of the Louvre; surely they would have sensed the danger in that move. While being chased by Interpol, the French police, Opus Dei, and The Priori, shouldn't they have at least had some sense of the urgency of their situation? Instead, they seem to take a lot of cryptology breaks and indulge in more theoretical discussions, which certainly could have waited until they were safe somewhere. Having been inside Westminster Abbey, it is obvious to me that their approach to the knight's tomb could have been made in a much less conspicuous manner than straight across the massive, wide-open nave. How about down the dark aisles? Did they actually forget that they weren't the only ones looking for the Grail? Jeesh!<br/><br/>How neatly Brown deals with the sinister Bezu Fache (one of the few somewhat interesting characters) at the very end! Was 454 pages Brown's limit? Did he really need to tie it all up in such a tidy little package? Couldn't he have given us a clue as to Fache's epiphany? Or did he just run out of space?<br/><br/>My objections to this book have nothing whatever to do with the many religious, historical, or artistic arguments it seems to have ignited. I didn't find the themes the least bit offensive, and, yes, I knew it was fiction. The book simply isn't good enough to make me care.
 I read the paperback version of the Da Vinci code because I wasn't sure if I would like it so I didn't want to spend the money on a larger edition.I loved it so I decided to get this edition so that i could see the things I was reading about.This edition is WONDERFUL.I love seeing the paintings and the buildings as they are being talked about. The print in this edition is large enough to read without straining and the volume is big enough that they can put the picture beside the text that is talking about it.This book is great.If you like the basic editions of the book get this one.It is very enjoyable.
 This is an excellent book to bring awareness to the secrets discovered in the late XIX century, about the lineage of Jesus in Europe, by a priest in the small French village, Rennes le Chateaux. This small town is located in the heart of the Cathar region.<br/>For those who have read the "Da Vinci Code", the interesting fact is that the priest's name was ...... Sauniere !!<br/>For those who know about Rennes le Chateaux, Sauniere happens to be a key person in the Da Vinci Code novel.<br/>The "Da Vinci Code" has many more codes. Enjoy the reading and the discovery of the secrects.
 I really love this book but I fully expect some to disagree. I know if my religion were put through this kind of thing I would be offended. With that said I like art and symbols and secret societies. I like a plot that keeps me guessing as to what is going to happen and who the real bad guy is. I like mystery. This book has a lot of those things.
 At first it seemed silly to have read it in both hard copy and paprback and then to download it to my Kindle. But I really enjoyed the book and having it, helps me remember characterizations, etc. for Brown's later books. I never get tired of rereading passages or even whole books that brought me a lot of "on the endge" of my seat reading enjoyment. Diane (Michael)
 Unfortunately this book was in Italian and not English.  Uggggg
 I got this one on sale, and was excited about reading the story I had heard so much about. I wasn't into reading very much when this book was first released, and I never got around to watching the movie; but I certainly heard about all the hype and references in popular culture.<br/><br/>The book started off really strong, and I very much enjoyed the art history divergences throughout. However, about 75% of the way through the book I really wanted it to pick up the pace. There was very little reason to switch to the Bishop's or Silas' perspectives (since there was very little told about them at the end anyway... just a few paragraphs about their intentions to wrap them up), and the book seemed to almost waste time before getting to the big reveal. And when the big reveal did come, it was like "that's it". I was expecting some grand, world altering machinations leading up to the murders, but that was not so much the case. Then, to be left hanging on the final piece (even after the epilogue) felt like a letdown.<br/><br/>Overall this was a pretty good read, but I felt that it could have easily trimmed off a hundred pages and not left anything important out. Also, I really wish authors (and movie directors for that matter) would stop treating open-ended conclusions as high art. To me, they are just being lazy and not willing to commit to an ending.
 One of my favorite genres of literature is historical drama and this book fits the bill. I am particularly enthralled by religious drama involving the history of Catholicism. This is the second time I've read this novel (as well as seeing the movie) and I enjoyed it as much the second time.Get it now on your Kindle.Also order Angels and Demons by Dan Brown.Excellent book.
 I was hooked from the first few pages. While never a strong history student, I've always been interested in religions and symbology. And being a math major and cryptology enthusiast, I feel like this book was written solely for my enjoyment. Some of the puzzles were predictable, but in all this book was thoroughly enjoyable. I look forward to rereading this book often.
 Finally I decided to get around to read this thing, years after it was published and after I had seen the movie.  I had read some books to set me straight on the history of the early Christians.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is a good writer.  He seems like a dweeb when you see him on TV but this is a good mystery, full of suspense. In this genre I prefer Umberto Eco, but Dan Brown ran with this idea first.<br/><br/>I was aware of the claims of the descendants of Christ; this was widely discussed and publicized 20 years ago when I lived in France. I never understood why it mattered if Christ had decendants; it does not affect his status, leadership, or place in the church.
 Dan Brown is a hell of an author, blending facts and fiction with an imagination that is way over the top, yet within the realm of "believable". If you haven't read this book, you are missing one incredible adventure story that will take you places that have never been visited before as the is a truly unique author.
 I downloaded this book for the limited time free offering, primarily to take a look at the new chapter of his next book. But what I realized is that I am just as involved in this book as a I was the first time, even having read the book and seeing the movie, it is still a page turner after all this time.
 Excellent read.  I had not read this book when it was first published but have seen parts of the movie.  Now that I have read the book I may be interested in watching the entire movie.
 I really enjoyed this book. I read it after finishing Angels and Demons. The story was very interesting and the pacing of the story was really good.
 I started reading this book amid prejudices but was I ever wrong. It's a worthwhile book you won't regrets reading. It's fiction at it's best. Once I started reading I couldn't stop, there is danger lurking at ever chapter.<br/>The story takes place in France then goes to England ending in Scotland. It's an adventure. Take it. Thanks
 Entertaining read, high action. Dan Brown is known for producing a well-researched novel, and this is the case here. While he did take some license with actual facts, he created a clever tale. Of the Dan Brown books I've read, this is the best so far.
 This is my favorite novel.  I have read it three times so far and have enjoyed it each time.  I have read all Dan Brown's novels. I have been reading for many,many years and have read most of the best fiction that is available.  This is one of the best that I have read as far as plot, characters, and degrees of suspense are concerned. Fiction with history intermingled in, is very enjoyable and educating.  Love it !!
 Dan Brown is one of my favorite authors. This is the second time I read this book. I enjoy how he makes history interesting by weaving it into fiction.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I love how Dan Brown made you feel as if this was real life and that 'maybe' there are all sorts of hidden treasures (material and knowledge based) out there for the finding.  I found this book to be very engaging from front to back and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good mystery story.
 Dan Brown's books - always spellbinding.  Constant action. Loved it. Can't put it down.  Highly recommended. I read them all.
 A fun read that's hard to put down ... even if you feel a little dumber for reading it.
 Arrived in perfect condition. Looks nice too.
 Have you not read this yet?  C'mon!  It's a fun read.  Also, you'll start to understand more references you'll hear on shows like The Simpsons and you'll stop saying that you really enjoyed Tom Hank's performance in the movie version.  Also, you'll stop saying you really enjoyed the movie version.<br/><br/>Also, go ahead and read "Angels and Demons".  It's a fun read as well.  If you accidentally read "The Lost Symbol" you can treat it like the 4th Indiana Jones movie (i.e. nobody talks about it and only acknowledges its existence when forced to).<br/><br/>But yeah, fun book.  Read it.
 When you read this one, have your computer and dictionary standing by.  The added features in this book are the illustrations and photographs.  It is really neat to be reading about the Mona Lisa and have her picture on the opposing page.
 the descriptive details are very well done and give the whole book an air of versimilitude.  i enjoyed the story though it made little sense to me.  for balance, bart ehrman's book on the errors in the da vinci code helps you both to recognize the creative skill of the writer and how he distorted the material to fit his plot.
 Read the book twice. I also saw the movie. I liked the idea that it challenged some religious beliefs.
 What a read!
 I loved this book.  It was so interesting and entertaining.  I have read all of the Robert Langdon books.  This one is definitely my favorites.  All of the characters are interesting and the plot kept me on the edge of my seat all the way through the book.
 This book grasps your attention from the first page until thee last. A must read. Of course the movie was good but doesn’t do the story complete justice.
 A pageturner with an ambitious and rich plot. It lost me as a reader however on a few points: 1) it is a single-track story; 2) it has little or no character depth or development; 3) character portraits are supported by side stories that are childish and kicked me regularly out of the fiction. Curiosity about how the plot would unfold was the only thing that kept me going.
 A suspenseful thriller that will keep you hooked until the end.  Obviously this book is pretty old and I had just gotten around to reading it so some of the surprises were ruined for me but even knowing most of what was going to happen it was a very enjoyable read.  Once I got about a third of the way through I was hooked and couldn't put it down.
 Liked the movie better,  but the book it great.
 I read this book years ago.  My 13 year old son is an avid reader and I am trying to find interesting books to keep it that way.  I thought I would buy DaVinci Code for his Kindle and see what happened.  He got into it right away and he keeps telling me how good it has gotten!  A great feeling to share great reads with my son!!
 This book has codes, conspiracies, secret organizations, murder, adventure, and plot twists a plenty.  What's not to love!<br/>But it doesn't end with the book.  After you've finished the book, go to danbrown.com and continue the adventure.  Use the knowledge you've gained in the book to take the Challenge.  Go to the Da Vinci code page to start it.  Also learn some of the things Dan has uncovered in his studies.  See photos of some of the locations.  Dan Brown's site is a nice value added feature to the book.
 Just far enough reality to stream he your imagination. Great book, but Angels and Demons is even better!
 A terrific yarn that doesn't totally reveal itself.
 Being a Catholic that constantly questions certain truths i found this fascinating in that this author must have had the same doubts and what an alternative theory. Must have rocked every priest in the grave and drove some to it. I enjoyed this book but thought after initial plot it was a little predictable.
 It started out exciting, but halfway through it was more like a mystery with too many twists and less meaningful.
 I had such high expectations for this book........after all, I am only 10 years late to the party and the movie (did not see it....I am not a fan of Tom Hanks and Ron Howard.....media darlings but boring and predictable in my eyes) was produced with a huge amount of fanfare, so I expected an enjoyable read.  After reading "Angels &amp; Demons" and not finding it even moderately believable ( I loved the historical aspect of it though), I now looked at this book with a bit of a weary eye.........and it turns out for good reason.  Talk about flimsy characters and faulty plot lines............please, I found the twists and turns of the characters much too unacceptable.<br/><br/>Without going through this page by page, I found that it suffers from much of the same ailments of the previous "Angels &amp; Demons" with long winded explanations of unnecessary details that I found myself skipping through and unbelievable twists that just don't happen ever.  But the biggest complaint and most egregious sin that I have with this book is that it is basically a carbon copy of the last book.<br/><br/>Come on, substitute the Louvre for the Vatican, substitute Vittoria for Sophie, Substitute Ventresca for Teabring....and so on........sure Dan Brown is not the first author to find a winning formula and stick to it......but in my eyes this was not a copy of just the formula, this was a copy of the exact plot line............I was very disappointed............I had high expectations for these two books and found them over written, redundant and in many places down-right unbelievable.  I will not call them a huge waste of time mainly because I enjoyed the historical aspect of the books, but without that angle, I would have been seriously upset with my choice of reading material.<br/><br/>Be warned.......I think these books, like the movies, don't warrant the kind of excitement that the media threw at them.
 Much has been written about this book. I don't care that it's not the finest piece of literature; it's still entertaining. I won't go through the whole plot or anything, but it's a pretty good book and an easy read for vacation. It's certainly better than the movie. The pace is fast, the plot twists enticing and an original plot.
 I finished the book in about two days. Couldn't put it down it was so exciting! And nothing like I've ever read before. I'm not religious nor into fine art too much but this book made me think and wonder if it all could be true and what else could there be hidden in ancient books and art pieces that we don't know about. And all this put into a story that's very exciting from beginning to end. I can't wait for the movie to come out. Also, if you liked this one make sure you read the Angels and Demons, you're going to love it!
 After reading Angels &amp; Demons by Dan Brown I immediately wanted to jump in into his next Robert Langdon Book. But to my disappointment the plot was not at all thrilling as Angels &amp; Demons. There were striking similarities in the characters of the Janus of A&amp;D and Teacher of DVC. The story was pulling at the later part and end up with no proof and conclusion!!! The author took the Holy grail subject with such an authority but fizzled out at the end as he was unable to prove anything.
 This is my first Dan Brown book and I have to say he is a truly gifted writer. The Da Vinci Code has just the right mix of intertwined characters that are held in a suspended sense of connection while the lead character forges ahead in his attempt to solve a  puzzle wrapped in an enigma, inside a true mystery.
 ...but Mr. Brown ought to have done some research first.<br/><br/>I hadn't got very far before I encountered a postage-stamp sized GPS tracker capable of giving it's position within two feet, working inside a building that was so full of electronics that cell phones couldnt' get a signal.<br/><br/>Sorry, but that sort of laziness to drive a plot is to me unreadable.
 I read this book before and purchased it because it was a free deal.  I did enjoy it and also read the sequel or prequel, Angels and Demons.  I don't, however, understand the reason for the feeding frenzy over this book when it first came out.  It was compelling, but I wouldn't consider it a "must-read".
 Fantastic plot. Writing so so. Loved the short chapters as the scenes changed.
 I read this book in hardcover when it first was published and I ordered the Kindle version recently.<br/>Still a great read!!<br/>I highly recommend it for those who have not read it, or seen the movie.<br/>Dan Brown grips your attention from the first page and it then becomes a reading compulsion to finish the book.
 We are 100% satisfied with the purchase. No issues and works exactly ask we envisioned. Highly recommend!!
 While Dan Brown builds a nifty little mystery (sort of) and throws around a lot of interesting trivia, the characters fall flat. No real concern for their well-being at the end of the day. It hasn't been that long since I read it or watched the adaptation, but I can't recall the character's names or many of the details. Not too memorable, really, which is sort of sad considering how big this made it for a little while.
 Great book, I thoroughly enjoyed it &amp; highly recommend it.....not my usual genre but like to step outside my "box" at times and was glad I did.
 The one that started it all for me. I've read this novel four times, still enjoy it as much as I did the first time.
 Great story!
 Okay.
 I read the hardback years ago and wanted the Kindle edition. I miss all my notations that I have in my hardback. Someday I may transfer these notations to the Kindle. The DaVinci Code is well written, an enjoyable read but definitely not all statements that the author presents as fact are true. Analyse and evalate.
 I'm not sure what it is about this book. It is fast-paced, with likeable characters who aren't all perfect, and has a plot that keeps you turing pages. Perhaps it's popularity pre disposes me to rate it more harshly than it deserves? I am not sure.<br/><br/>I can say that I have read this novel twice, and each time I struggled to leave the story alone when I had more free time. It's a real page-turner.<br/><br/>Not recommended for Christian readers who can't separate works of fiction from assaults on their beliefs.
 I liked the book and it got me hooked on Robert Langdon novels.<br/>I am a Christian and do not agree with the subject matter which is full of holes and issues, but the book is good and really weaves a nice plot.  Read it, but read Angels and Demons first because it really is the first in the series.
 This is a very inserting book.The author writes so that you will not want put it down, Also, he mixes enoughf real events and people to make it interesting.
 The last book that was intellectually challenging enough to keep me running to my computer or dictionary was Dennis Miller's "The Rants."  That was nearly 5 years ago.  "The DaVinci Code" aroused such curiosity in me, that I had to stop reading many times, to log on to the Internet for more fact finding.  One of the first pages of the book states that all architecture, religious rituals, and art referred to in this novel are factual.  This hooks me every time.<br/>Dan Brown is a master of the intelligent novel.  I didn't feel as if I was wasting my time reading a mere murder mystery; I was learning something new with the turn of each page.  Yes, sometimes there were too many coincidences, and some of the dialogue was trite; these sins pale in light of his obvious knowledge of the subject at hand.  I can forgive most slights of plot and/or dialogue when the book's details are scathingly accurate, and well written.<br/>I am not a radical feminist, yet I rather enjoyed the intimations in this book that the Catholic Church has been responsible for the opression of women. Since men were "in charge," in the name of "God," the Catholic Church has condoned, initiated, and funded the systematic elimination of women from many historical documents. Some documents have placed Mary Magdalene at the side of Jesus, during the last supper.  More secret documents charged that Jesus and Mary Magdalene were "married" and had children.<br/>Oh, GASP! This discovery could discredit the very foundation upon which the Catholic Church has carefully built its wealthy empire! Its devout, fearful, tithing and obeisant legion of followers may have a change of heart!<br/>Whatever you may infer from the research and facts given in "The DaVinci Code," it stands alone as a stunningly well written novel, guaranteed to keep you up long past your bed time.  I thoroughly enjoyed reading it, and bought two other Dan Brown books, based only on the quality of "The DaVinci Code."
 I am not really sure I liked this book, but I kept it so that I may go back to it at a later date so that I may reread it and maybe get more out of it the second time.
 As a result, the reader goes along for a whimsical ride or a soul searching sense of a new identity.
 Angels and Demons was better between the two but eventful, exciting, and enticing. The books reel you in with the blend of fiction and non fiction.
 Taken as fiction, this is a solid page-turning thriller. To write the ultimate "conspiracy theory" novel—questioning the foundation of Christianity and Western Civilization—is one thing. But for Dan Brown to pretend his work is based on anything remotely resembling "facts" is craven self-promotion.
 I love everything I've read from Dan Brown and I absolutely can't wait to catch up on the rest of Robert Langdon's exploits around the world. Puzzles, intrigue, danger, and adventure. I can't get enough.
 I liked Dan Brown's book so well that I read it in one day.  Got the tape of it so my husband could enjoy it, listening to it on his many trips.
 Say what you will about Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code"---formulaic, undeveloped characterizations, stereotypical fanatics ---- this novel refeaturing Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon from "Angels and Demons" moves at a quick pace making it the perfect 24-hour read.  Agreed, this is not a literary masterpiece filled with innuendo and angst making the big statement about humanity in the 21st century.  But, it does intrigue with its snipets of information, some commonplace, some obscure regarding topics of a wide-ranging spectrum.  I admit to wondering what adventure Langdon will get up to in the next installment --- hopefully Brown has not quite made enough money on this novel's record sales to retire nicely in a villa that resembles a mini Versailles.<br/><br/>In this edition, Brown includes some wonderful full color facsimiles of the art, architecture and historical personages mentioned in the novel, adding that old "one picture is worth a thousand words" extra that piques the reader's interest just that much more. Instead of saving you moments of search time on the web, the tantalizing images reproduced in this book will motivate you to find out more.  The edition includes the original text of the novel liberally intersperced with photos and reprints all printed on lovely artbook stock.  A wonderful holiday gift for the conspiracy theorist in your family.
 The finest book in the over 2000  I have had the pleasure to read in  all my 72 years  now also better informed and a fan as well.  Brilliant and should never be missed  thanks.
 Beside the controversies behind every Dan Brown book, the special hard cover version that we received has nice color illustrations and beautiful pictures printed on heavy glossy papers. The illustrations actually enhance the story. It is a beautiful book with an engaging story. What else do I need?
 Wow this novel has it all.  Suspense  romance and a theme that jolts your  core beliefs.  So well written that you can't put it down.
 A better look into Dan Brown world of mystery and adventure with history more than the movie it's self I wish they remade the movie with all the details in the book into the movie. Now I will start the second book angel and daemons keep on with the good writing.
 I was drawn to this book because I was breaking from the genre of Sci-fi/Fantasy but felt this would be close enough to keep my attention. Dan Brown has an excellent writing style that is very smooth and descriptive such that the dialogue, action, and scenery passages flow into each other. This allows for you to truly imagine his literary world without breaking the intrigue with overly wordy paragraphs. The mystery was very interesting and I love the way he incorporates real world places and art into the story. This only gives it another level that sucks the reader in even more.
 The story flowed effortlessly and keep the interest going. The are several other works it brought to my mind that helped to keep the interest level high and wondering just how this would work its ending. I would gladly advise people to read this work, for it make  you think about your faith and ponder why.
 Loved the story, loved the history, loved the writing.  Had read it years ago, then saw the movie and wanted to read it again.  Its great how well the movie stayed with the book.  Interesting characters, good descriptive, great history..point made.  Well worth the time you'll spend reading it.
 Is an amazing Author. Someone once told me that they dont read his books cause its an easy read. My response to that was, Why would I want a book that Im reading to be difficult when Im reading for my own pleasure not for a class?  Everyone is on a different level. My brother hates reading but he loved this book.
 I found the book entertaining to a point.  However, "the historical accuracy" is severly in question.<br/>This is a different mystery novel.  In order to enjoy this book, you must let reason fall by the wayside.  If you can't do that, this book would fail miserably.<br/>The storyline, while interesting is not realistic.  The anti-heros, namely the Catholic Church, are portrayed in the worst  possible light.<br/>The author has worked a very dry subject into an interesting storyline.
 When you read it and then re-watch the movie - it takes on a whole new dimension.  This was one hard to put down book!!!
 However much fiction or fact this novel is or could be, it's a mind opening text that gives alternate explanations, maybe possibilities or facts about many riddles in history entangled withing it's own story line. Who is telling the truth, who is not etc... I strongly recommend this book to anyone.
 I read this the first time back in 2004. I read it in one sitting. I couldn't put it down. It intrigued me. I'm not religious but it drew me in, made me want to know more about the history of Christianity, of fine art. I even took a class in college I would never have taken otherwise because I had to learn more! I thoroughly enjoyed the book. Very entertaining and well-written.
 I highly recommend the illustrated version of The Da Vinci Code so you can actualy see the reference paintings, drawings, buildings etc.<br/><br/>Although a fiction, the story is contains many facts that would lead lead you to conclude that many of the stories concerning Jesus have been altered for political &amp; power gains.  This takes nothing from the fact tha Jesus was truly a great man and prophet - but only a man.<br/><br/>just a real thriller - which also leaves you many thing sto ponder.<br/><br/>Rich - Singapore
 A+
 Couldn’t put it down! One of my favorite books!
 When I read Dan Brown's "DaVinci Code" several years ago, I was unable to stop reading until I had completed it. I thought it to be an excellent page-turner. This response on my part was unrelated to the speculatively-factual (contridictory?) nature of the premise underlying the implied with respect to any of the history. The book is just written in a manner which conveyed excitement. That excitement never came across in the subsequent movie - too sad.
 I owned this book in hardcover within days of its initial release.  I jumped at the chance to grab it for free in ebook form!  I love, LOVE this book!  This is how you keep a reader interested!  Yes, yes, yes!  If you have never read this, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!  See what all the fuss is about!
 GREAT!!! LOVED IT!!!
 I read this before Angels and Demons unfortunately, but I enjoyed them both just as much, thankfully it was prior to the movies being release, so the movies didn't ruin the experience for me hehe
 Perfect for a 16 yo boy
 I never tire of rereading this.  I have been most of the places mentioned and it makes it more realistic to me.  I find the underlying premise fascinating and can suspend disbelief long enough to enjoy it even knowing how it turns out.  Kudos to Dan Brown
 Pointless to mention about the story that has involded many...<br/>The plot of the story is great with a brilliant idea behind it.<br/><br/>I must say that reading the Da Vinci Code made me go after some answers and start reading other books as well from many different authors related to Religious Facts back in history...<br/><br/>As for the Ilustrated Edition, it is definatelly a MUST HAVE IT.<br/>It will make our reading even more pleaseant and helpfull to locate the events at the story.<br/><br/>Loved and recomend it...
 This is one of the best books I have ever read.  Not only is the story compelling and expertly told, it is imaginative, well thought out and meticulously researched.  Dan Brown story grabs the reader from the start and never let's go until the finish.  A page turner I highly recommend.
 I was already digging the book before I got to the really good bits around page 230 - then I had to stay up an extra two hours to read the next 120 pages or so because I was mesmerized.<br/>The claims made in the book are a dagger in the back of Christian doctrine, and a condemnation of the Catholic church basically, and I expect there's many a review of this book giving it 0 stars, simply because people are angry that their faith is being questioned by someone else, God forbid. *buh-duh-bump*<br/>Anyway, don't listen to those reviewers.  If you can keep an open mind about the whole thing, whether you believe the information contained within to be fact or fiction, you're going to greatly enjoy this book.
 It makes a nice read and I got it for a good price. I've read this book before and while it's not a bad book, it never really sang to me. Some people love it, some people hate it, to me it's an okay book to pick up and read, but it never really grabbed me the way it does some people.
 I love most those passages on the teaching of symbols by Professor Langdon.<br/><br/>It would be better if there is illustrations on what he said about the symbols, just simple drawings will make the passages more interesting.  As for those famous paintings or floor plans , it is a pity that they are not produced,  say by the front or end of the book.  Though it would raise the costs,  yet, who cares.  We'll still buy it.
 First of all, I have to tell you that English is not my first language and that I had been in the U.S for only  5months before I bought this book.<br/>At the begining I thought that I would need a dictionnary to understand, but I can guarantee you that it was for no need.<br/>I think that I enjoyed it because I've already seen the movie, otherwise I would not enjoy it as I did from the begining to the end.<br/>It was a passionate reading, I would definetely recommend it to anyone<br/><br/>Enjoy ;)
 Dan Brown obviously did some research in constructing this novel. He is a master at proving points and making substantial arguments. However, this book would be ideal for people who are easily influenced.
 Had another copy of this in hardback but never received it back from someone who had borrowed to read! Decided to buy another for our own collection and was happy to have found it at such an affordable price. Interesting read and this arrived on time and well packed. Thanks!
 Great book, followed the movie to the letter I:E:
 Brown's writing style is excellent as always.  He grabs you on the first page and carries through to the last, leaving you wanting more, more, more.  And now that a fragment of ancient parchment has been discovered indicating Christ had a wife, the Code and Brown's excellent research take on even greater meaning.
 awesome
 Hv previously read the book and watched the movie many times!  Needless to say, the premise is historically based and Dan Brown has nailed it with his tight plot and very engaging characters!  One of my favorites!
 I Didn't get the chance to see the movie of this book but i saw the second movie of "Angels &amp; Demons" and loved it.<br/>I became curse of the 'The Da Vinci Code' so I decided to buy the book since i couldn't see the movie.
 Movie was awful, but this book was one of those "I can't put it down" type books.<br/>All his books preceding it were enjoyable as well, but it seems like he has lost his imagination and is just going back to the well.<br/>Hope Dan gets back on track.
 This was a great romp through art history, it salvaged my boring college classes. Also nice to see a feminist twist made mainstream.
 A lot has been said about Dan Brown's lack of craftsmanship but I have thoroughly enjoyed each of his books. I started reading his work with the Da Vinci code and have been hooked ever since. If you're looking for a fun read and are willing to except less than perfect writing, this book is a must have.
 Dan Brown takes a familiar story and weaves a plot that will make you reconsider what you always felt was true. Whether your position changes or not, the book is entertaining, suspenseful and a good read. As is usually the case, the book is much better than the movie.
 Brown's  best book. I loved it. When i was in England and France went to see many of the sites he described in the book. It was fun and interesting.
 I'm the type that usually eschews 'Best Seller List' books. Mainly because I find that the books that make it have to do with name recognition and politics. However, I decided to try this book and haven't stopped talking about it. It took me over two hours to read and there were times I had to force myself to put it down to get my breath. It's one of the best books I've ever read. Literally. Also, when you're done, make sure you go to the  ...] and play the online code breaking game. Talk about original and fun! It's also free! Can't beat that OR this book. It's worth every dime.
 A continuously evolving story with a lot of historical information woven in.  Casts many issues in a new light and causes one to reexamine one's own thoughts on issues.
 The story is the same as the original, but it is enhanced with the illustrations.  This makes it a more enjoyable reading experience for me.
 This is an amazing book! I noticed some people are scared of this book because they think it is "sacrilegious". This book is FICTION. Although there are theories and true historical facts involved, the plot is fiction. It is a great adventure to read. It made me do some research on religious history and history of different parts of the world. I would recommend this book to everyone.
 This was an all around good read, well written with enough plot twists to keep you guessing and yet easy enough to follow along so as not to be confusing.
 Another good Dan Brown book, I had previously read Inferno!  I enjoy the suspense and Robert Langdon is a great character!  Lots of great history in this book as well!
 Great Story!  recommended read for sure.  What are you waiting for.... go get it.  Its great!
 I loved this book. It's entertaining, interesting, intriguing, and very well written. I had no problem with all the twists and turns since I read the beginning of the book and understood it to be FICTION... Not a "based on a true story" novel... but just a made up story placed in real world settings. Dan Brown's writing has grown greatly since his early work.
 This is a very cool book.  I love the pictures and extra information.
 This is a very good book.  Period.<br/>I noticed a lot of "smart" people complaining about inaccuracies in the grammer and historical elements of this book.  Hey, THIS IS A FICTIONAL NOVEL.  And a good one.  It's well written and very entertaining.  Are some elements kind of stretch?  Yes.  Do they detract from the story? On the contrary.<br/>This should be on your read list unless you're too obstinate to overlook the fiction portions of the book.<br/>Having said all that, I will say that I did not enjoy this book as much as Angels &amp; Demons for 2 primary reasons.  1) the characters in this novel are too similar to those in A&amp;D.  2) there are times in this novel where Mr. Brown seems to think that his characters need to stop using their brains long enough to let the ready "solve" a problem or "crack" a code.  The main characters seemed to have the hardest time solving the easiest problems.  He writes these instinces off by insinuating that they are trying too hard or looking too deep, but it comes off like a blatant attempt to allow us, the readers, to show how brilliant we are by solving something before the characters do.<br/>Regardless, this is a great novel....just not quite a great as Angels &amp; Demons.
 The book starts out a little slow as each chapter changes POV, but it increases in speed and urgency, which makes you want to rush through to find out what happens next. Fun book to read!
 I WAS ABSOLUTELY HOOKED ON THIS BOOK FOR THE FIRST HALF.  I THOUGHT THE INFORMATION ABOUT THE SECRET SOCIETIES, THE GRAIL, MASONS, ETC. WAS EXTREMELY INTERESTING.  SOMEWHERE IN THE SECOND HALF OF THE BOOK, I BECAME PUZZLED, CONFUSED AND ULTIMATELY LET DOWN.  THE PLOT WOUND DOWN TO A SOMETHING SILLY AND CONTRIVED.  THE CHARACTERS WERE NEVER FULLY DEVELOPED SO I FELT NOTHING FOR THEM.  IF SOMEONE ASKED ME TODAY, 5 MONTHS AFTER READING IT, HOW DID IT END?  I COULDN'T TELL THEM.<br/>STRONG START, BELLY FLOP ENDING.
 Dan Brown uses words to make the reader feel the characters` experience. That was successful. The story was good, though it could have been a little shorter for my liking.  I enjoyed some of the history lessons but after awhile just wanted to get to the end.
 While it has been a couple years since reading The Da Vinci Code and the specifics of the plot have faded, I do remember it as a very engaging read. Dan Brown's book keeps you on your toes (and fingertips) as you turn each page.<br/><br/>Brown's incorporation of sites, art, and history create a world in that wonderful realm of "conceivably true." It is this quality that draws the reader in. He mixes facts with fiction so seamlessly that the reader is left with a very immersive and almost believable experience. My only complaint is that the plot seemed to lack some of its previous strength as finish.<br/><br/>However, this book is definitely a page turner. If you want a book that will keep you until the end, this book has my recommendation. I enjoyed it enough to read Angels and Demons as well, but enjoyed this one more.
 I've heard so much about this book that I borrowed a friend's copy and read it over vacation.  I've never been so engrossed in a book before -- and finished it in a day and a half!  I've read some debates about accuracy of Brown's information, but if you just run with the idea, and if you're into the idea of conspiracy theories (and c'mon, if anyone has some secrets stashed away somewhere, it's the catholic church!) you will LOVE this book.  It takes a good chunk of factual information and spins a fictional story around it.... the enticing part is that there's just enough real information in the book to make you want to start your own quest for the holy grail.  This is a definite must-read.
 I read this book recently with the latest media fuss in mind (and to get the story straight before seeing the movie). While it's true the book isn't nearly as intellectually satisfying as the fine works of Umberto Eco, it is indeed a page turner. Practically every chapter is a mini-cliffhanger. And yes, it is quite visual, but since we live in a movie/tv dominated world, is there any wonder? Forty million readers can't be wrong! -- and they aren't even all Frenchmen (or French movie-goers). I'd have to agree with them, too: Overall it's a good, and fast, read. But what I suspect has made the book so immensely popular is that it does do a nice job of popularizing (by way of the action/thriller genre) a griping spiritual, or at least psychosexual, truth that's been around as long as humanity itself (remember those well-endowed Earth Mother figurines they find in prehistoric caves?), though has indeed been systematically repressed by Christianity and the other patriarchal religions.<br/><br/>That said, some of the book's scholarship does seem sloppy. What actually happened at the Council of Nicaea in 325 A.D. (the telling of which, by the way, the author, Brown, puts in the mouth of his most nefarious character) may well be a point of some contention with the Church. Brown should simply have added a long paragraph here, or even an extra page or two, to his 450+ pages to get things right and make his argument indisputable, instead of egregiously oversimplifying. The fact (readily confirmed by modern biblical scholarship) is that there certainly were many competing schools of Christian doctrine (including Christology), and many other scriptural texts (including gospels) that varied from the canonical texts. And these doctrinal and scriptural variants existed from the very beginnings of Christianity. The Church's claim that the winning theology's victory had more to do with "the Holy Spirit" than with politics can very ably be labeled the Church's, if not Western history's, biggest cover-up.<br/><br/>The book's plot is certainly not perfect either. For example, the ease with which the French police enter the territorial U.K. and do as they please (even as they couldn't do likewise in the British Embassy in Paris) was laughable. The answer to the riddle involving Isaac Newton, which gave the symbology and cryptology experts in the novel such pause, would have come to any school kid who knew only the first thing about Newton in two seconds or less (it only took me about three). One of the same experts' difficulty with DaVinci-esque backward writing (which surely everyone else in the world knows about) was a bit lame too.<br/><br/>The charge of Opus Dei bashing looks like a crock. Anyone who's read the book all the way through realizes Opus Dei is exonerated in the end. It's fictional (and inexplicably gullible) leader even makes rather substantial monetary amends for his mistakes. Most of the membership are even acknowledged as mainstream do-gooders. But the practices of some Opus Dei members are indeed accurately related, and any organization that sanctions such medieval masochism and misogyny should certainly be able to stand -- if not enjoy! -- some alleged "bashing."
 The writers imagination.
 I finally decided to read this book after I had read Angels and Demons awhile back. I loved that book and appreciated how close the movie all most got to it as well. I definitely wanted to do the same with this book. I ordered it yesterday or the day before and I am all ready done with it because I literally could not put it down. I will be reading the next book in the series real soon.
 Bravo!!<br/><br/>What a remarkable read. I devoured this book inside of three days.  I couldn't put it down and my heart didn't stop pounding for three days.  What a thrill ride from the opening line to the last line of the book, as soon as you have one thing figured out the book takes a 90 degree turn and your off runing again.<br/><br/>As for the historical nature of this book I say bravo to Dan Brown for having the guts to stand in the face of so called organized religion and tell the truth.  It isn't easy to go against the mainstream and I salute a man who is willing to tell the truth no matter what the personal cost to him.<br/><br/>This book is a work of fiction but if it like anything else that comes along your path of life if it causes you to pause and evaluate your own beliefs and values then it has done it's job.  As I have been taught take this in evaluate it and if it speaks to you then use what it has taught you. If this book doesn't speak to your higher self then be on your merry way no harm done.  Everyone is entitled to their opinion and this is mine.<br/><br/>Have fun with this book, enjoy it but by all means get the illustrated version it makes it so much easier when you are trying to figure out what is going on where, espeically if you have never been to Paris or the Louvre.<br/><br/>HAPPY READING!!!
 Umm, okay, I must admit that I resisted reading this book for a long time. Since it just came out in paperback, I grabbed one and read it in two nights. I think Dan Brown has written a good, not great book. It keeps your interest and has some quirky ideas in it, but that's pretty much all, folks. This is FICTION, pure and simple. Before you get either too excited about it or too upset by it, do your own research and find out what's true and what isn't. For example, much of the information about Leonardo DaVinci is erroneous. I'm not sure what the huge fuss is all about, maybe because it's about religion and people get kinda kooky about that, as we all know. The only part that made me laugh out loud was the REASON why Sophie becomes estranged from her grandfather. Are you kidding??? Dude, come on. She's supposed to be French, and they are not as prudish about sex as we are. Okay, so it was a weird ritual thing, but still! Hilarious and totally bizarre. In any case, it was a fun read and I look forward to the movie.
 This is NOT an "intelligent and lucid thriller."  The materail about the Grail Myth is okay, the symbolic interpretaitions of famous works of art and lit are okay, but after that, the book is just plain dull.  The characters are flat, cardboard figures.  The plot is a maze of coincidences and last second, farfetched solutions to unbelievable problems, as though the author is just making things up as he goes along.  The writing plods forward. I believed the hype.  You'd think I was old enough to know better.
 I had avoided this book for the longest time because frankly the idea of a convoluted thriller around the Holy Grail did not appeal to me. To my chagrin, I find this novel to be consistently entertaining in spite of the rather intimidating topics it covers - the Catholic Church, pagan religions, and religious mysteries. True, there are some lengthy historical passages that weigh down the book unnecessarily. At the same time, it does not require a catechism to get through the dense plot. In fact, author Dan Brown appears to thrive on the reader's initial ignorance and produces a comprehensive education around the story of the Holy Grail, as well as the symbols and histories which are intrinsically connected to it. But Brown is able to balance the extremely onerous subject, as well as the reader's preconceived notions about it, with an endlessly fascinating mystery that leads to one surprising revelation after another.<br/><br/>Without giving the story away, suffice it to say that everyone in this book is in the hunt for the secrets hidden by the Priory of Sion including the Grail. Some want to protect it, some want to expose it, and some want to destroy it. Harvard professor Robert Langdon and Paris police cryptologist Sophie Neveu, equipped with secrets shared by the murdered curator of the Louvre, Jacques Saunière, are ahead of everyone else, but police, assassins, and churchmen aren't far behind. The race is on, and the puzzles to be solved seem incomprehensible. This is where Brown excels as he keeps reader interest high in spite of the convolutions. In particular, Langdon's explanations for clues and tricks hidden within Da Vinci's paintings make you want to go look at them all and see if it's true. His comments about the early church, the origins of the gospels, and the assimilation of pagan rituals and symbols into the church's practices and holy days make sense when he tells them, and they come across as easily understood historical facts, whether true or not. Since I am not well versed on the teachings around the Catholic Church, the veracity of the book was a moot point to me. The pages turn quickly as the information is presented, the latest puzzle is solved, and the next escape is done by the skin of their teeth. Despite Langdon's bottomless knowledge, the moral center of the story is really Sophie, especially as she recognizes her past has shaped her to be the possessor of information that could change history and religion. Brown's decision to focus on Sophie's evolution makes the book resonate all the more since we can more readily relate to her plight. This is one breathless thriller albeit a rather pedantic one at times due to the subject matter. Not quite a masterpiece of fiction but an educational and fun read.
 Yes I'm Christian but that's not the point.  I could suspend disbelief of the subject matter -  but it wasn't the subject matter, it was the plot. I read this from a secular person's perspective, I didn't find it "religiously offensive" hence why I don't get the fuss. Anyways,  it started off pretty good to me- but the further along the main character went - the easier it got for him. By the time Sir Teabing came along - I had to make myself keep reading. Everything was happening too smoothly and the scene at the airport? The police not catching on like that? Blah. The only character I liked and who had a better, meatier story - was Silas. I did not like the writing style, either - but that's the way it is. Overall I found it pretty boring - except the Silas and Bishop Aringarosa parts. Funny, the "bad guys" had more substance.
 another great one
 I picked up this book because it came highly recommended by several people who know that I have done quite a bit of studying on the esoteric.  I am now looking these  friends and wondering what they really think good literature is?  This book could not be more poorly written if it tried.  Not a single character is even remotely unpredictable..I can tell you that I can virtually mouth the words that they are going to say at least 3 paragraphs before I read them.  The only saving grace is that some of the art and science is sortof interesting.  However, I keep putting down the book in order to check my library for the truth of some the claims that are made.  A whole bunch have no factual basis.  Why wouldn't people just read the real stories of DaVinci and the Knights Templar?  The truth is so much more interesting than this book.<br/>For those folks who are in uproar about the religion part of this book, get over it.  There are some really good books that make more valid, well researched and damaging claims.<br/>If I was sitting on a beach drinking something tropical on a balmy summer day and I didn't want to think at all, maybe I would like this book but I think not.<br/>For a much better written book that also contains a lot of estoric information and weaves a better and more haunting tale, try "The Angle Quickest for Flight" by Steven Kotler.
 I love this book! I have read it several times and enjoy it each time!<br/>Well written, exciting, tense, thrilling and though provoking
 This was the 1st of Dan Brown's books that I read.  His writing style pulls you into the story and makes it hard to put his books down.  The Da Vinci Code quickly made me a fan and after reading it, I purchased all of his other books.  Anytime a new Dan Brown book comes out, I'm among the 1st in line.
 One of the best books I have ever read.
 Great book, better than the movie of course.
 Gripping from beginning to end. If you like conspiracy theories and suspenseful thrillers, this book is for you. I saw the movie years ago and somewhat remembered the ending, and this book was still difficult to put down.
 I couldn't put this book down once I started it. I loved it! I enjoyed the history in it, and the way the main character explains the history. I enjoyed the controversy and surprises. One of my all time favorite books.
 good book
 The best book I have ever read, period!
 I recently reread this book after a gap of five years and much like the first time, I stayed up till 2:00 am despite a full work schedule the next day. Others in the review section have done a much better job of explaining the book, so I will leave them to it. Read this book.
 Gripping and suspenseful from the first paragraph to the last word in the final chapter!  I missed the movie BUT the book is always better. :-)
 everything was good
 I have the hard copy of the book.  I have read it six times.  Thoroughly enjoy the detail, in depth historical parts as well as the intensity.  So glad that I could download it on my Kindle.  Now I can take it with me anywhere and read, read, read.
 I love the book better then the movie.  it gives more detail I did the auto which was great for me, some of the words I would not be able to say but with the auto it is really good.
 Enjoyed every word of ALL Dan's books -- he creates a world that draws you in and captures your attention you time after time. Have read the series - hoping Dan will continue to publish new books for years to come,
 Read it again after seeing the movie...enjoyed the book far more!  I try to read the book of most movies, for comparison, I'm weird that way!
 Nice reading.<br/>Lots of controversy on the story against the history but good book nevertheless.
 As wonderful as you might expect it would be.  Dan Brown really knows how to weave a mystery and move the action along in a riveting and totally engaging manner.  I believe I have read all his novels now, and I enjoyed every single one.
 This book was a disappointment after all the hype. I didn't end up finishing it.
 I love Dan Brown's books!  He is so good at describing the locations and incorporating historical facts into the story.  I not only get a good thrill but I learn about history as well!
 Very educational on the history of religion
 This was such an amazing read. 4/5. Highly recommend to anyone looking to change up from the content that one would usually consume.
 Great audio book. Liked the actual book better.
 Great book.
 I had never heard of Dan Brown, but after being advised to read this book by one whose advice in such matters is usually on the mark, I shall be reading more of his works. There is simply nothing not to like and admire about this book, while remembering that it is a NOVEL which weaves facts, historical and topical, into a fascinating search for answers to many questions. I had the good fortune to read this novel while on vacation and during a rainy day and a half when I could simply settle in and let the story wash over me. If you buy only one book to read this year, you would be well advised to make this that one.
 good read
 Great story for young adults! My son loved this book. He will definitely be reading more Dan Brown novels in the future.
 I find Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code a great conspiracy story. He leaves enough mystery about his characters to make you want to know more and you are never quite sure who is a good guy and who is a bad guy. His prose has a bit to be desired, however the book is an easy read and has a great subject matter.
 I really enjoyed this book when I first read it years ago. Having recently found it on a free download I was extremely delighted to re-read it. Author Dan Brown has an incredible way of writing and conveying his ideas with just enough character and description to paint a vivid picture in your mind while captivating you and holding you in suspense in the plot. Very well done book.
 Excellent Book. Interesting and a page turner.
 Exciting premise, brilliant storytelling. You won't want to put the book down. Good twist, you don't see it coming until it's too late, and everything falls into place.
 This book keeps you on the edge of your seat.  You cannot put it down.  This book was a joy to read.<br/>Jeanne Zabst
 This book just brought me in and wouldn't let me put it down until it was finished with me. I loved it and can't wait to read another of his books.
 I liked the film so I thought that i would read the book. What can I say than that the book is 10 times better than the film. really exciting book
 This is a great read. The book kept me on the end of my seat from start to finish. Great story line. So many twist and turns. I was left wondering what was happening. I now have Angels and Demons,  and The Symbol. Both great books.
 I love Dan Brown.  He knows how to tell a story and keep anyone engaged.  I read his work before seeing the illustrated version.  Love the illustrations, however, I think it interrupted my imagination.  My imagination was much more exciting.  The illustrations removed much of the fantasy.  Still can't go wrong as a collector's edition.
 I am very happy to have this book on my Kindle.  I own the print copy and love it.  It's a great book to go to on a lazy summer day.  Well-written, exciting plot and wonderful explorations of some very interesting historical mysteries.
 I am probably the last person in the world to have read the book.  The premise is interesting and provocative, and you get a mini refresher course on western civilization along the way.  The characters are well developed and relatable.  The Catholic church cannot be pleased!  Looking forward to being the last person on earth to see the movie!
 One of the best suspense thrillers of all time.
 fast paced, edge of your seat read.  lots of symbolism throughout.
 Great plot, highly charged. Highly descriptive. Ending was totally unexpected, beyond my guess. Great effort to put the book down.
 Thank You ❤️ for your fast service. It is really great book with great price. I will look forward to order more.<br/><br/>Best
 Listen to this all the way to Alaska when we drove this summer, loved it.
 Wear and tear on the jacket, as expected. Great read. Recvd in excellent time!
 The story is of Biblical concept with references to some history. The story is a thriller and it will keep you mind-boggling until you finished it.
 Fast paced, history/ or more accurately, Her Story, as a mystery! If you're not familiar with the subject matter, don't read too fast, although that isn't easy! A second read won't hurt, there's a lot to explore, once the dramatic resolution of the characters is discovered.
 I will simply say if you haven't read this book and even if you have seen the movie, read this book!! And then once you've finished, read the rest of Dan Brown's books!
 Well written, real page turner, great plot,  I learned a lot  about church history .  Enjoyable.  However, the intricacies of all the puzzles were a bit much and sort of implausable. The characters educating each other during pretty stressful times just didn't ring true. Also, the story depends a lot on happennings that could have just as easily not happenned and sent the story off track.
 I got this to practice my Italian reading, it's coming along well. It's a great mind workout.
 Great story and an interesting concept.
 I am moving on the next book in the series.  I had seen the movie but that is no where near the book.
 I think this the best book of the Langdon series....intense....thrilling and full of extraordinary facts.....the buildup was great and great supporting evidence....Though I think Deception point is the best written by Dan brown this has to the best in historic thrillers
 good book
 I have now this book twice and each time I find something new. The book was better than the movie even though the movie was good it does not compare to the book.  Read the book slowly and you will find it amazing. I bet you read it twice to get it all into your mind.
 I love this book. It's a wonderful and intricate work of fiction.
 great
 There are a number of best-selling writers who have a talent for telling a story but lack the skills to really pull off the task, and based on the number of copies sold, Dan Brown is near the head of the class. Superb story telling skills, but at times nothing less than dreadful writing. You can blame the editor and publisher, but it isn't their name emblazoned in gold on the cover.<br/><br/>What could be a riveting tale involving high energy physics, Papal politics and history frequently comes to a screeching halt because of clumbsy language, hackneyed situations, and logic loops. Forget all the complaints about historical and scientific innacuracies; this is a story, and the author has license to invent. But craft? If the author lacks the craft, it behooves the editors and publishers to add some.
 I love the main character, although sometimes it can get to descriptive of the surrounding, the story just keeps you on an edge and you just want to keep reading until the end.<br/>If you watched the movie it has some similarities, but just about it, some details change the whole context
 The book was great and I read Angels &amp; Demons first. I would have given it five stars but I felt the big reveal in the end was a bit lacking compared to the movie. I was really hoping for such a knock out the park reveal. I'm going to start reading the Lost Code next.
 Lots of theologically incorrect information,  but aside from that, a pretty great story.
 I'm about 10 years late in reading this book, but I loved it.  It is the second Dan Brown novel I have read and I look forward to getting my hands on more.  His books are compelling, educational and enjoyable every time.
 Appreciated gift
 Good fast paced yarn...full of twists and turns.
 thanx
 I actually really enjoyed this story and thought the overall conspiracy was somewhat plausible.  The author did a great job of describing places that I could form a visual image in my head and it also made me look up some places and pieces of art so that I could see what was going on.<br/><br/>The characters are likeable and the intensity of the race to the Holy Grail is very suspenseful and kept me engaged in the book and ultimate conclusion. The bad guys have the problem I don’t like in most books which is always being one step ahead of the good guys but in this book it was explained and made perfect sense.<br/><br/>The narrator did a good job and I didn’t really have any issues with their narrations, voices or accents.<br/><br/>My only issue with the book was the “out of nowhere” romantic storyline that was thrown in at the end of the book. Off-topic note:  The character of Robert Langdon is like the preppy version of Indiana Jones that I have to question the casting of Tom Hanks in the role now.
 An impressive seller.
 great
 Very intriguing story, making one curious about  the ancient wisdoms, I also appreciate the amount of research about the ancient art forms, symbolisms etc that must have gone into writing this book., .  But so far, I have found all Dan Brown's books so interestingly written In this way.. It's hard to put the book down once you've started reading it.  Would like to read all  of his books a second time. Needless to say, I just loved his work. Thanks .
 Enjoyed this book very much!
 Great Book,Dan Brown is definately a Great Writer.
 The De Vinci code is packed with mystery, excitement &amp; historical details.  Once I restarted reading it, I couldn't put it down.
 good reading
 I absolutely love this book! Dan Brown is an amazing writer and I absolutely love the way he organizes his books.  Not to mention the realism he places in this series!! I look forward to his next book and would absolutely recommend this book to anyone who loves suspense and mystery!! A must read!!
 I have no doubt to say this is one of my favorite books. Since I first read it on its launch and now again on Kindle, it keeps my attention on it through every page. Dan Brown has a perfect way to narrate the story that feels even better than to watch any of the cinema adaptations of his works.<br/><br/>The book has led me to research on many historical subjects that were used as background to the plot. I learned many different things beyond the books fiction realm. I truely recommend it for beginners and advanced readers.
 Great
 On of my favorite books. This book was purchased as a gift.
 Great book!  It was so well written that I didn't want to hurry through it, but at the same time, I was anxious to get to the end and find out what the holy grail was.
 I have always loved Dan Brown's stories.  I've read all of his and am waiting for the next one.  Agree of disagree with his story line, it's always a good read.
 Love Dan Brown Books. Well though out plots and great locations. Love the research he put into his stories.
 Great book, much better than the movie.  I read the book before the movie and there is NO comparison.  This is a must read!
 i like
 Dan Brown is one of the most talented writers of our time.  I have read The Da Vinci Code: A Novel before, and purchased it for my Kindle because I will reread it.  It is cryptic, informative, and keeps you on the edge.  It was hard for me to put it down.  And, I loved the character of Robert Langdon.  His expertise is key.  That's why I look forward to more Robert Langdon novels.  I think that anyone who likes puzzles, would like this book. Connect the clues.
 This is a very interesting companion for the original story line (book). I am glad I have it in my library.
 Not as good as his first Illuminati book. I was a little bored at places.
 The book that made Dan Brown famous. Fun to read. Get a history lesson while reading fiction. Of course you have to be careful not to take everything written as fact even though it may seem quite convincing.
 The movie is nothing without the book. This was great reading. Sometimes while reading this book I got caught in the story so much, I felt as if I was in the movie myself.
 Great illustrations!
 One of the best books I've ever read. Exciting, fun, well-paced, and "informative" at least regarding art.<br/><br/>Loved it; highly recommended!
 I enjoyed the book. The fact that it  took place in 24 hours  amazed me.<br/>  I am not  one that understands art. But I did understand the mystery<br/>  of the book.
 I loved this book! You can't go wrong with action + intelligence + history + great twists and turns + believable, loveable characters. Dan Brown's definitely on my 'Buy Whatever He Puts Out' list.
 I can't wait to read the next book. This book is amazing I also bought the audio book for it and I'm glad I did because it helps me follow along and understand more easily. Very much a fan of this book and Dan Brown!
 Dan Brown has the ability of combining fiction and reality resulting in an interesting  blend of suspense and intrigue.<br/>The book is filled with facts about ancient artifacts and their coded meanings that really keeps the reader interested.<br/>Whether his facts are correct or not it really dosen't matter.  It's just a fun read and a book I feel is a must read.
 I love this book.....It is intense and let me into characters that I fell in love with.  You will not put it down or any of the authors other books.  Get it ...now!!
 Book was purchased as a christmas gift for our Chinese exchange student per her request.  She says she enjoyed reading it, and would love to get more books from Dan Brown.
 Just finished the book and found that I really could not put it down and would read long past my bedtime!
 I really enjoy this series.  I like trying to solve the puzzles and with a bit of imagination you can almost picture yourself at the picturesque sites in the book.
 Amazing fast paced and intriguing novel.  In instant classic. A roller coaster ride of a book. A must read.
 Da Vinci Code is a great and awesome read. Would recommend to anyone that wants to indulge into a fantastic read.
 Ha ha or however the French say it. A stunning follow up to Angels and Demons. Langdon is called up again to solve the riddle of the ages. As with the first book, wonderfully written and totally engrossing. This is not Catholic bashing, it's a story and if anything adds to the intrigue of it all.<br/>I was lucky enough to visit Paris recently and was excited to try find the special places from the story.
 Great story that draws you in and gets you thinking. I'd read the series in order, though, as the earlier ones are great too.
 This is a very entertaining book. If you like drama, murder mystery and suspense, this is a great book!<br/><br/>Yes, the movie is great, but the book is better. Worth reading for the entertainment value.
 finished I was hoping for a great thriller like Inferno but got as average book at best. Next up is angels and demons book 2 in the series
 Another nail bitter but his stories are starting to read the same with just the names changed. By the 3rd chapter you have some basics to figure out the entire story.
 really enjoyed most of the book.<br/>Seemed to wrap up a little to fast at the end, or I would have given it 4 stars.<br/>The ending just was too abrupt for me, the rest of the book was very good.
 This book is a masterful blend of fact and fiction that draws you in and keeps you emotonally involved. Like the rest of the books in this Dan Brown series, it's a book that when you start reading, you have trouble putting it down.
 Definitely a good read for mystery fans out there.  The writing is a good blend so you can just keep reading.........which at midnight might be a bad thing.
 this is so much better than the movie. i read it in two days flat. it is wonderful. such a thrill ride. also it is very discriptive on differnt things. very good book
 The mystery, the clues, the possibility of being real! This book made me read everything else by Dan Brown, and continue searching for others in this genre. The movie was good, the book is great.
 This was a great book!  Could not put it down; very thought provoking.  A must read.
 Fun book with lots of true cleverness.
 Controversies aside, this book is amazing. The puzzles inside of puzzles gripped my mind with awe, while the dramatic action scenes thrilled me through and through. This was a good read.
 Great plot.  Could not out down.
 Although not quite as good as the hype, and with some holes in it from a realistic religious perspective, it is still a good read
 Makes a person question what he thought he knew.
 A Very engaging book. I am looking forward to reading more adventures with Robert Langdon and others in the series
 Great book arrived damaged and torn.
 Loved that all locations are factual. Can't wait to see some of these sites during an Italy cruise!
 Suspense all lots of twists and turns. Not for the faint of heart.
 In addition to providing the reader with an array of new possibilities to research on a seemingly endless variety of subjects, this estimable fellow has underscored what a crock organized religion is.<br/>If ever we can wean people from the mindless belief in established religious dogma and open their minds to what is truly magnificent - the reality and mystery of the universe sans superstitious god-worship - what a truly wonderful gift they will receive.
 Great book
 Love all the history and reference to all the landmarks.  Enjoyed reading this novel tremendously and brought me back to the time I spent in Europe.
 An excellent book that completes my set in this series by Dan Brown.
 I've read the book without illustrations and it's a charmer to see the pictures. Book in excellent condition, swift service, affordable price.
 I've read thousands of thirllers but this one set itself apart by not just feeding my mind with twists and turns of a plot line, but with a truly interesting underlying story.  I do not fancy myself a conspiracy theory fan, but I have to admit this one lit my fire.  The author keeps us interested by feeding us his story on three different levels.  There is the mystery of the past, the puzzles left by the victim found in the early pages, and the chase for our heros lives throughout the book.  The book takes us through the ages, in and out of the church, through cities and countries.  Rarely has a book so peaked my interest.  In the end, I found myself on the internet doing research about DaVinci and the Holy Grail - not something I have ever thought about before.  I seriously recomend this book.
 This book was a great mystery following clues as the Doctor solves another mystery.  The book is well written and easy to read like angels and demons.  The book was much superior to the tom hanks movie that followed.
 great read
 Loved it. Better book than movie
 Excellent way to spend free time at the coffee shop in continuing my spiritual journey with mind, body, and soul as I am enlightened by others.
 seen the movie now read the book stillconfused
 Pretty far-fetched
 I read this a few years back, it got me hooked onto Dan Brown and his books. This is another book that I read before the movie.
 It is a bit dry in areas, allowing you to put down the book without that craving to keep picking it up. There are of course really good scenes but if you get into a valley where he is building up the next scene it's easy to set the book down and forget about it for a while until you see it peering up at you from under a pile of papers on your bed side.
 Excellent condition.
 I never personally read the book it was bought as a gift for my ex.<br/>Shipping was good, product was as described, yeah I might read it .
 Great read!
 Good fun lite read that will stimulate the senses.<br/>Very informative.<br/>I meandered a log . Four more words required.
 very happy with my purchase
 This one is a classic.  Keeps you reading til the last page!!!!
 my son loved it
 this book is excellent and it was turned into a very interesting movie loved both forms of presentation on this book
 Great novel. Classic!
 I was up all night reading The DaVinci Code--Dan Brown's newest thriller is too hard to put down to let something like a good night's sleep get in the way. He manages to give art, religion and history lessons wrapped in a fast-paced mystery novel. Throw in a little Holy Grail mixed with lost gospels and faith-shaking<br/>biblical conspiracy theories and it's an irresitable pull toward a satisfying conclusion.<br/>I wonder if Opeis Dei has put out a fatwa on Dan Brown? If I were him, I'd keep one eye open.
 Marvelous book!  Love mysteries and this is a good one.
 Everyone seems to agree that his is a great read.
 I first read this book the first week it came out 11 years ago wow-I read it before any body knew what it really was back then-loved the cover thats why I checked it out.  I really had nothing  to read right now and decided to  read it again on my kindle. I still liked it a couple of negative remarks are that i wish the silas would have been a more normal guy---seems like a carton character almost and the chief bad guy reminded me of the old old character who owned juraisc park  for some reason- I wish he would have been more flushed out and more realistic. I tohught angles and demons might have even been better and symbols was worse-i did not read the inferno mainly base don a lot of bad reviews and also the plot and story seemed very weak. I hope his next book is good.
 I have the hardback version and wanted to read it again on my Kindle. So good! Just can't put this one down!
 Great read! It's a real screen tapper or page turner.
 The book is fine but I had no idea it was being shipped from Italy and it took at least one month to get to my door. I would not have bought it had I known.
 Riveting and ready to read.
 great product
 Great story, great author. Kept me on the edge of my seat.
 I owned this book for almost two years before I bothered to pick it up. I've been kicking myself for waiting so long ever since reading it recently! What a great book!<br/><br/>I honestly couldn't put it down and had to force myself to go to sleep just so I could pick it up again the next morning!<br/><br/>If you enjoy symbology, iconology, suspense, and conspiracy theories then you'll really enjoy this book. I loved the way it played off of Da Vinci's works and made me think and question.<br/><br/>Definately worth the read!
 This was a great book of fiction. But it did give one food for thought. I can see why the Catholic Church would be against this book.
 While the book won't go down as a masteripiece in literature, The Da Vinci Code exploits the reader's curiosity and love for a good mystery and turns it into a product that you will definitely enjoy and that will fuel your imagination as well as your thirst for more.
 I finished this book yesterday - and it's one of those that I keep thinking about, missing the characters a bit, now that I've left their story-line.  It's entertaining, intriguing, fun, but I didn't once mistake it for a textbook or a factual primary source.<br/>I liked it for the same reasons I like WWII code-breaker stories, it united math, history and art with a suspenseful storyline.  And like other interesting stories, it prompted me to do my own research into some of the tenets of the plot.  Overall, a very entertaining fiction!
 The book was more like a 3.5 than a 3. Somewhat predictable, but very intelligently written. Definitely not amazing, however.
 The book that put Dan Brown on the map. A very enjoyable read for entertainment. People shouldn't get all worked up about a 'FICTION' piece of work. Read it for its' entertainment value and that's about it.
 Not that impressed with the book. It's fine if you want a history lesson on the Catholic church but not very entertaining.
 The quality of the discs was great.  The story is just so so.  Several places where it doesn't hang together.
 I love the history mixed with conspiracy, action and "mind games."  Well written and very interesting book with twists and turns.
 His best known for good reason.  Fun read.  I often recommend it.
 Superb telling; age-old controversy; much intrigue and endless conundrums to solve......... it permeates  my thinking and even my  true self.  Vel
 Like most people to read books, the book is always better than the movie.  So I always read the book first &amp; then complain about the movie.  Oh Well...
 a book for fans of a wonderful story
 I enjoy his writing, and have read all of his books. I will keep on reading as they come out
 If you love history, romance, suspense and travel, this is a must read. there is also a visual book which lists photos of all the places mentioned in this book. Use this at the same time so you can visually see the places. A book I would reread and highly recommend
 Looking forward to reading The Last Symbol and Inferno love Dan Brown! As with Angels and Demons it kept me guessing through the end!
 I loved the suspense. Dan Brown is my favorite author. Love the symboligist Robert Langdon. Couldn't put the book down. I have read it three times.
 Had a hard time getting into it. The plot was terribly convoluted and had several moving parts which were not entirely necessary.
 Very good.
 One of the best books I have ever read.  If you love mysteries and history than you'll love this book.  The movie didn't do it justice.
 Just replacing the book I gave to my son.
 Dan Brown's break out novel that is filled with antiquity under an entertaining guise of historical knowledge
 Love this book.
 I couldn't put it down but I had to because I had to sleep! Thanks to Dan Brown's story telling mastery in this book, I became an avid reader now. I've read all the Robert Langdon series, and I must say "Angel and Demons" and "The Da Vinci Code" are well done, while "The Lost Symbol" is rather half done and "Inferno" is overcooked that it doesn't taste delicious anymore. Still, each of them has their own surprises.
 If you are not GROUNDED you can be shaken with the REVELATION given in this BOOK. I visited FRANCE two years ago so I was not only able to relate to all of the fantastic DETAILS given of the Louvre Museum and  the Eiffel Tower but I was totally fascinated by the wealth of knowledge communicated.  I will take Napoleon's word away from this mind bending Novel which states that HISTORY is written by the Victor. No truer words have been spoken.  I particularly marvelled at the fact that a polio ridden individual could be so goal absorbed, manipulative and diabolical.  A life long lesson learnt from his fiendish scheming.  Some may say it is only a NOVEL but all TRUTH is parallel. I have learnt.
 Great story. I avoided it for years thinking it would offend my Christian beliefs. However, it is so obviously fiction that it's theology didn't matter. Great, fast-paced story.
 Again the caution that this is a work of fiction; the book was very interesting.
 On one level, this is a fun book. But there is a reason that it's filed under fiction. Brown quickly and fancifully sweeps away the accuracy of the Bible and orthodox Christian theology. Sadly, many will believe him. There is no way the Bible could have been re-written as Brown suggests; it was too widespread. The Council of Nicea was just the beginning of defining Christ's divinity. Chalcedon was actually the definitive statement by the church regarding Christ's humanity and divinity. Plus, there are numerous church fathers who pre-date Nicea who hold to Christ's divinity. The list could go on and on. Read the book for fun, not history.
 Not the best,
 Still reading !
 Excellent book. performs as advertised.  Very pleased with purchase.
 The main reason for the rating I gave was the sheer SCOPE of the book, and the imagination behind it!  The reader is catapulted into BEING at the scene of a brutal crime in the Louvre.  Having seen the movie before reading the book, certain explanations not in the movie were covered more deeply.  In the hope of not revealing spoilers here, all I can say is that missing the book would be a complete dis-service done to one's self.
 I loved this book. I had seen the movie and always wanted to read the book. The movie felt like a big mistake after reading this book. I don't think the movie justified the book. But then you also don't want the movie to be longer than 2 hours. Five stars for the book.
 Loved it--my first Dan Brown book. It combined murder and mystery which are my favorite reading. I will continue to read his books.
 Great suspensefull book
 ok read
 Exciting read with surprise ending
 If you haven't yet, you should.  This book is an eye opener in a way I was not expecting.  Kept me intrigued the entire time.
 It is my favorite mystery novel alongside Angels and Demons. I highly recommend it!
 I read it for the third time. This time I could see it, because I saw the movie.
 Awesome!
 The Da Vinci Code has a great plot and an interesting climax.
 one of my favorite of Dan Brown
 This book I would recommend to everyone!!  Kind of makes you think......  Read with an open mind.  Put it on your must read list.
 First things first, I am a Christian.  I remember the controversy surrounding the book when it initially came out.  I read a synopsis online later on and didnt give it very much more thought.  A few weeks ago when I saw it was being offered free for the Kindle version, I grabbed it.  After reading it I felt like I should post a review.  First of all, the forward makes it clear it is a work of fiction.  Although Dan Brown claims the Priory was a real group history is unclear on that point.  Some believe the paperwork that was found that speaks of it was part of a larger farcical document.  We will probably never know.  Now let me say. I don't believe Jesus fathered children during his time on earth.  I doubt He engaged in sexual activity either.  So instead of hyperventilating about the specutative at best parts of the narrative I instead enjoyed the way Brown pulled all the threads together.  From the perspective of a reader who enjoys the likes of James Rollins and Steve Berry, I thought the author did a nice job.  My faith still holds, my beliefs are unchanged.  I simply enjoyed a fast moving story where disparate threads were neatly tied together by the conclusion.  If you approach it from that direction, not as an explosive uncovering of real history that was covered up, I think it is worth a read.
 Great story
 Well written and easy to read.
 I have enjoyed all of the Dan Brown novels!  Very captivating.
 great read
 Enjoyed.
 I now understand why it was so criticized by Christians such as myself.
 good
 This is an amazing book in the firt place ,but with the illustrations' wow. You are amazed at what you'll see and discover. If you have an open mind.
 Dan Brown's best work! I can read it again and again.
 This was a great book. Read it in two days. Could not put it down. Recommended highly and you should read this
 Nice smooth transaction. Item arrived as advertised. Would recommend.
 Good story but felt the last 1/4th of the book was rushed as if there was a deadline.
 Good suspenseful story
 This book held my attention so well. It was interesting and suspenseful.  I hated to see it all end but liked the the way it ended, even with continued questions!  I'm a very slow, deliberate reader, but not with this one.  I completed it in a few days. I am intrigued with Mary Magdalene. SMWestby
 Evidently, I'm one of the few people on the plant who did not enjoy this book.  Never left me wanting to read more of it.  Tried but didn't get very far.  I usually finish a book no matter what.  I recently gave myself permission to "not finish a book".  This is one of them.
 Still reading but so far its very interesting
 How can you not like this one.  It has everything a great book should have.  I have already read this multiple times, but thought since it was free on amazon I would put it on my kindle so I can read whenever I wanted.
 Great read, and learn a little history too.
 good
 I really enjoyed this book. It includes a great story that kept me interested all the way through the book. I really enjoyed it.
 Dan Brown brilliantly weaves research, science, religion, politics, history.... and puts it all together with mystery.  You will be held from the first couple of pages til you put it down.  I will not go into detail about the book, others already have; all you need to know is - this book is a must-read.  If you limit yourself to only a couple of books that you read, this must be one of them.
 In the same vein as Clive Cussler, Dan Brown has found a way to make history and suspense intertwine.  Yet where Cussler often uses legend, Brown uses mostly facts.  This book is not only a good old fashioned pager turner that you won't be able to put down, but it is worth buying just for the information on PHI, known since the Enlightenment at "The Divine Proportion".  Read this book.
 Great book
 Part of gift for avid reader...
 good condition
 This is one of those books that I'll keep reading over the years.
 This book has been out for years. I was so happy to see it being offered up in the Kindle world for free.<br/>The fact of the matter is.. I am partly through this book.. I am so enjoying it..<br/>I can  understand why this book was popular when it first came out...
 The Da Vinci Code is exceptional! It starts off a tad bit slow but really takes off after a hundred pages or so. The story is a good mystery with many twists and turns. I don't know how anyone could rate the story under a 4! Remember, don't be afraid to read this book if you are a devout christian. The book is not "historical" so do not read it as such. Focus on the story itself, not the "history lessons."
 Just enough historical information to make the plot plausible and action to keep your interest peaked!
 This is a really enjoyable book.  It is a page-turner, with an imaginative plot and an addictive quality that makes you just want to keep reading and not stop until you have finished it.  But please remember, as you read it, that it is NOT factual.  It is not history, it is not journalism, it is not a work of religious truth.  It is just fiction and any claims of there being a factual basis to the story need to be taken with more than a few grains of salt.  That said, give it a try!  It is worth the read.
 An enthralling read.
 I found this book a real page-turner, complete with compelling characters and a plot that kept me turning the pages. I think I read it in about 3 sittings. The characters were good and the information about the Goddess, The Priory of Sion, Templars etc. certainly held my interest. The only down side was a sense of having read much of it before.
 Just think the title should be different, since da Vinci is not the main topic of the book.
 Well written and interesting
 Very exiting thrill ride of a novel. The movie recreates it quite well, but the book is much much better.
 I seen the movie first and then read the book. That was a huge mistake. The book was amazing the movie was really good.
 I have been reading this book for a long time. It kept getting moved aside for income required reading. It is so well written that I did not have to re read and could recall details from my last stopping point.  When I did read I was pulled in and enjoyed the flow of the book.
 given as a gift
 Excellent story line. Great author. Great read. Fast shipping
 Great Book!!!  Great Author!!!
 I struggled to put this book down late into the night.  I lost a few hours of sleep each night for about five days while reading this story.  it was a very very entertaining story.  I truly enjoyed this book.  I will probably read it again next year!
 It's a fun read, but there's nothing particularly deep or great about it. It annoyed me when it began touting certain things as facts that I know are not facts. (Leonardo da Vinci did NOT discover the Golden Section or the Fibonacci sequence.)
 Great book, but Angles &amp; Demons was better IMNSHO
 Heard this was a very good book but I was very disappointed!  It was boring for me and a struggle to finish.
 What can I say, this is very good book!
 This is absolutely one of the best books I've ever read.  It grabbed my interest on the very first page and held it all the way to the end of the book.  In fact I liked it so much that after originally reading the paperback I decided I wanted to own the hardcover Illustrated version.  It was money well spent, this book is beautiful!
 Even after watching the movie, the reading was pretty good.
 If you are a Dan Brown fan....
 Liked the book more than the movie.
 really enjoyed this book, especially since it was free.  A lot more details than the movie.  A fun easy read.
 Great read, entertaining and thought provoking.  Love the story and hated it to end hope there will be a sequel.
 This illustrated edition is very cool. It's a keeper in my library
 One more moment when the novel wins over the movie. I enjoyed the novel from start to end. Definitely got me thinking and researching. A must read for all...
 Bought the hard back years ago when it came out. This was a free app of the day or something, so I snatched it up! I don't read many books but this one I had to read. I really liked it. Couldn't get interested in the movie(even with it starring the great Tom Hanks) because the book was just so much better! imo
 I am a huge fan of Dan Brown's Robert Langdon series. The da Vinci code is a heart pounding thriller and so much fun to read that you forget you're learning something at the same time. I've read the Da Vinci Code at least four times and it never stops being an exciting read.
 very good book and quite informative.
 Really enjoyed.
 Great book
 Bought for my granddaughter and she loves it.  Delivery was fast , arrived in plenty of time for Christmas.
 I enjoyed this book immensely, even though I am not a novel reader. I like facts and informative reading, but Dan seems to do his homework well. It actually makes me want to go and visit these places he speaks of in the book and see how right he has got it. It seems to match up with other informative reads I have. It certainly gets you in.
 Loved it very entertaining I was glued to the book
 Opening the scene with exotic destinations intricate details and moving facts cloaked in rich storytelling. This book is sure to entertain and make you fall in love with the thriller genre.
 I read this book after Inferno and this one didn't have the start like Inferno. I however tiptoed through the first chapters very slowly and then found myself immersed in Dan Brown's gifted fingers. Another good book!
 Great writer, great story, great background<br/>Made a lover of history out of me<br/>You will enjoy his talent and word use
 I don't think there is a single person who did not like this book.  Just buy it and judge for your self.
 One of my all-time favorite stories. Anyone who loves puzzles and mysteries will be captivated by this story. I've now read it four times, and each time I pick up something new that I previously missed.
 Brilliant beautiful edition
 Mr. Brown draws characters well.  I felt like I knew these people.  The craziness that he throws them into is a little over the top but intriguing enough to encourage some to research the non-fiction bases of his thriler.
 Phenomenal look at history, especially at what has traditionally been viewed as a taboo subject-religion.  Of course it's fictional....but is it??  Dan Brown takes an actual clandestine group of people, real places, art of priceless value, and the Catholic religion and ties all of it together in a way that is in the end is so simple, so logical in fact, that it's hard not to believe.  This book changed the way I think.
 Bought this for my granddaughter because she loves info about washingtoh dc
 I READ THIS BOOK IN ONE NIGHT BECAUSE I COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN.  I HAVE READ ALL HIS BOOKS AND  AM A HUGE FAN OF DAN BROWN.
 Great book!
 awesome
 Interesting read.
 As a Christian, I had a hard time with this book, and the point of the story.  But I have to say that I totally loved the writing, and found this to be a fast moving book.  The way the different story lines are written separately and together was compelling and well done.  I would recommend this book if for no other reason than the way the author describes the Louve and Paris.  I have never been there, but could picture every detail from his writing.  I'm sure I will look for other books written by Dan Brown, just maybe with a different storyline.
 Ok, I read it just because of the controversy.  A lady at church handed out "rebuttal" books to everyone and I figured if I'm going to read the rebuttal, I need to know what it's rebutting.<br/><br/>I don't read many bad books, but this was one.  It wasn't quite as bad as Tim LaHaye's "Babylon Rising" at least.  I finished this book and it is a page turner, even if it's completely unbelievable.<br/><br/>The only good thing was the way Dan Brown laid down clues leading you suspect very different people than the actual perpetrators.  I liked that because just when I thought I had it all figured out, I had my brain tweaked by a big twist.<br/><br/>However, it's just bad fiction.  The characters do things that make no sense, and are way smarter than is believable.  And while I can enjoy revisionist history, you need to have the historical facts right in order for people to suspend their disbelief when you start rewriting the things in dispute.  I've read a lot about church history and Dan Brown gets sooo many things wrong.  Rewriting well-known historical facts (such as what Constantine did and did not do) makes the rest of the novel less enjoyable.<br/><br/>In short, it's not just bad theology that makes this book bad.  I can overlook bad theology for the sake of a good story.  But the DaVinci Code is a sloppy bit of fiction with plot holes big enough to drive a truck through.  (For example, why does Langdon run upstairs to talk to Sophie when he should be focussed on escaping the police?)  Bad theology aside, it's not even good fiction, and therefore, surprizingly forgettable.  I won't be reading any more Dan Brown books.<br/><br/>Yeah yeah, I know most people will find my review "unhelpful" simply because I don't say what they want me to.  Get over it.
 Thabks
 Excellent and shipped on time.
 Item as described. Shipped quickly. Good deal
 What's not to love? Challenging ideas, non-stop action, plot twists, all in all great escapist fiction. And we could all use a little escape now and then. Angels and Demons was equally as good, the following books maybe not quite so much. We'll have to see when the new one comes out.
 It was much better than I exspected.  It kept moving even though it bounced around 3 or 4 different characters.  The ending was a surprise and not at all what I was looking for though I didn't feel let down.  Thank goodness he kept the "sex and love" out of it and stuck to the story.  If I want sex and love I'll get a romance novella.  Well done Dan.
 I read this when it came out in hardback and loved the story...of course, you have to remember that it is a fictional story. I downloaded it for my kindle since it was free and I plan to read it again.
 Fantastic thriller!
 Fairly long read but one never is bored with it because it is absolutely exciting and most of all the historical background really brings the book to life. I felt like I was the protagonist in the book and and just as it was exciting for the real protagonist to uncover all the mysteries, it was exciting for me as well. A brilliant book !
 I picked up this book with a little bit of skepticism because of all the hoopla surrounding the book. Two days later I was glad I read it. It is a well written and researched book. It grabs the readers from the very beginning takes them on a wonderful journey. A well designed balance of historical facts propels the book and never lets up. The ending is well thought out and worth the effort to get there. I really enjoyed this book and now understand why others do too.
 Good oratory of this book.
 good
 Amazing book. Recommended.
 A great read for a cold winter's eve. Much better than the movie in my opinion. I'll read this one again.
 Fun, ending was dumb
 A great book! As always better than the movie. You won't put it down after you start. A must read.
 No I don't think this book is perfect but I loved it and I still believe that it is the best book that I have ever read. This is the only book that I have read more than once.
 Excellent read held ny attention. I really enjoyed this book it was enlightening and intriguing it really held ny attention.
 Great book....fun to read
 Keep them coming
 If you are looking for a quick and engaging read, this is it. Fun and fast paced, this is a fun escape!  I have not seen the movie, so I don't know how it compares.
 dan brown has a winner here.
 This was given as a gift for a new reader
 I remember a friend recommending this book to me way back, I said "I don't read those kinds of books".<br/>I was leaving for vacation and she still gave me the book, pushing me to read it.  I took it and read in<br/>on vacation - it was the best book I had ever read.......I went on to read all of Dan Brown's books and am<br/>now waiting for Robert Langdon's latest adventure to arrive in a few weeks!
 what more could you want?  Dan Brown writes with much detail and a story line that keeps you wondering and then knocks your socks off with something you never expected at all!  I have watched the movie twice, bought the DVD, read the book and then watched the movie again.<br/>And the sequel didn't let you down!
 I enjoyed the novel because I could increase the size of print and there was enough light to read at night before bed.  I am interested in more free Dan Brown, Patterson,etc., that could be available on Kindle for free.  Da Vinci Code was a travelogue, a historical drama with political and religious insights.
 True or not, certainly intriguing.
 Super book.  a classic.
 It's hard to believe this book has generated so much hype.  Brown is nothing much more than a Robert Ludlum wannabe; to call him a pale imitation is too charitable.<br/>The book's improbable and (rather) abrupt denouement makes one wonder whether Brown suddenly exhausted his store of tiresome plot twists or, alternatively, his publisher simply (and mercifully) placed a hard ceiling on his page allotment.  Either way, the result is unsatisfying.  While Ludlum is no Graham Greene (or even a John Le Carre), he certainly does this kind of thing much better than Brown.<br/>Brown's numerous historical canards have been well-documented elsewhere and serve only to further undermine this puerile effort.  And to think "writers" like Brown are the modern torchbearers of a Western popular culture that once included such giants as Dickens....
 A great read... I truly enjoyed it!
 Book came in was actually brand new. Thank you.
 I loved this book. So much. Better than the movie!<br/>Thank you. I  have to give it 5 stars! Thanks again!
 The book was better than the movie!
 Good book
 Great Product! Fast delivery!
 Item is as described.  No problems.
 Researching the Priory and finding it is total BS surprised me.  This book is taken as fact when in fact it is absolutely not true.
 Couldn't get into it.  Just me I think.
 I enjoy Brown's stories because of the interesting historical societies, buildings, and lore he explores. The DaVinci Code is hard to put down as the mystery unfolds.
 This book was far better than the movie and a book I just couldn't sit down.  Well worth the money
 Incredible book, beautiful pictures
 Great book!
 Not a new idea Dan Brown just brought it to a public that did not know know about it.  Enjoyed the review on the history
 Really Enjoyed.
 fabulous book
 It was a popular book a couple of years back.  But now I moved on to other authors. Get it if you love Dan Brown and like controversies.
 wonderful author
 I couldn't put the book down. The art work that was talk about made you picture in your mind what clue was revealed during the story. Trying to figure out who was the teacher and who was the good guy and bad guy. The book keep going in different directions. Great action and kept me wanting more...
 Great read for those who enjoyed Dan Browns "Angels &amp; Demons"
 Wonderful read!
 I read about one fiction novel a year so I usually have an idea what is good before I'll buy it.  So when I found out about this illustrated edition and read the reviews here, I decided this is the book to get and I am glad I got it!!  The movie coming out soon with my favorite actor, Tom Hanks, also motivated me to get the book. Once I started it I wanted to read it nonstop.<br/><br/>The religious stories and facts helped keep my interest high too as I am catholic and still learning about my religion.  Every little bit of knowledge helps and this book is filled with stories and facts about the religion, the bible, lots of things and the pictures help you see everything the characters are experiencing.  I can't wait for the movie and hope it does this book justice.  Get this book.  Even if you know the basic premise it is still great reading because there is a lot more to it.
 The bood was for my son he loves reading this kind of book he loves it. came on time delivery was great, no damage to the product.
 Wonderful book!  Buy immediately!
 AAA
 Excellent. H.Sh.
 Excellent
 There are no words in the dictionary to express what I was feeling as I was reading this book!  I could not put it down.  I actually felt a huge loss when I finished reading it.  I wanted it to go on forever.  I have read it three times and will read it again!  I feel so grateful that Dan Brown, a writer of such high caliber, not only decided to delve into history to find out the truth, but to have written the book for all of us.  By us, I mean those like myself who has known from a very young age that there was more history, life and "Truth" than what I was being taught.  Anyway, I believe in God and the Universe being a crucial part of my life and existence.  As far as what happened 2,000 years or so ago, well, my views are as Dan Brown writes about in his book; The Da Vinci Code.  I've read all the other books written by Dan Brown and loved them all!  I am looking forward to his new book coming out in May.<br/><br/>I respect everyone's believes and religions and believe in "Live and Let Live".<br/><br/>Kind regards,<br/>E.L
 Great
 very good
 Excellent
 Exciting and adventurous
 Asinine clue piles on top of asinine clue and unbelievable coincidence follows unbelievable coincidence....you get the picture.
 Great book!  The illustrations make it much easier to envision the items described in the narrative.
 Keeps your interest.
 Great read! Delivered in perfect condition.
 I love this book, could not put it down!!
 Loved it!
 GREAT novel!
 Impossible to put down! Recommend as book in the go or a book at the beach. A classic historical fiction that will open your eyes.
 What an amazing author! Truly! Very gifted!
 Immerse yourself in this world of codes and riddles - it will keep you guessing continuously even at the ending.
 ok
 great read
 Absolutely amazing.<br/>Dan brown is a Literature Master!!!<br/>Couldnt stop reading
 enjoyed reading it.
 This book was very good. I had to keep reading because the author changes his focus from chapter to chapter. This keeps the reader engaged, at least it did this reader. It left me wanting a little more resolution. Maybe his next book gives me that. I'll have to read it and see.
 LOVE!!
 Very enjoyable reading. Nice descriptions of the very impressive buildings and art work.
 Recd as shown
 Ok
 Good read
 Did not expect the book to end this way.  Fun to see the difference between the book and the movie.
 Page-turner of the best kind. Not too much action and a lot of well-researched data put to work in fictional context. A classic to be.
 Don't let the 2-dimensional characterizations scare you off. This book quickly turns into the page turner of the decade. And not just because of the skillful way Brown ends each chapter with one cliffhanger better than the last, or surprises you by playing on your assumptions. Read it for the history lessons alone. Forget the movie and read the book.
 Did I actually buy this book?
 After reading The Da Vinci Code I was left wondering what all the fuss was about. It was an interesting idea, although there was nothing particularly unusual in it. It was rather predictable in spots, but when all was said and done, it was a pretty good thriller. I listened to the unabridged audio version and wished I bought the abridged version instead because there was too much filler about the sacred feminine and all the secret societies that was just plain boring to listen to.<br/><br/>I'm left with the feeling that the reason people are making such a fuss about the book is because they halfway believe in its premise that Jesus lived and married Mary Magdalene and moved with her to France where they had a child, the descendant of whom just happens to be Robert Langdon's companion, Sophie. To these people I have to say, "It's fiction, folks!"<br/><br/>However, looking at it purely as a thriller, it holds its own in that area. Brown knows how to write an action scene even he if does separate the action scenes with long, boring expository passages. As long as the reader remembers that it is fiction and doesn't take it seriously, it's a good book.
 I know I am a little late to read this one, but wow! What a fun story!
 It will keep your interest
 An enjoyable read
 There is a reason this book is included in Good Reads "100 Must Reads"
 This book grasped the essence of great writing. It had suspense but not so much that I got fed up with waiting to discover the culprit, controversy and religion and secret societies,the perfect marriage create a book well worth reading. It made me love having a Kindle because i didn't want to leave the book at home when I went out.
 good read
 Another hit.
 A great fiction read. Dan Brown is amazing!
 Not only did this book grab me at the start, I learned a lot while reading it!  That is what is so great about Dan Brown's books, their not only entertaining and hold your interest, but their educational as well!  His books also make me want to visit the places their set in so I can see the sites first hand!  He is truly a gifted author!
 Always a great read.
 Dan Brown's most famous work
 Even though the characters were already created for it was still an awesome read. Dan Brown is one of favorite authors. As an adult getting back in fiction from text books, it makes me remember a passion for literature I had as a child.
 Was a re-read.for me.  Just as intriguing the second re through.
 Brown is a good writer and knows how to develop an interesting story.<br/><br/>I thought his scholarship was shoddy and prejudicial. He takes what he wants from history and ignores the most consistent.<br/><br/>I not only read the book but studied it to present a paper about it. He took a lot of liberties against Christ and Christianity to make up his story. I have no respect for a person who attacks a major portion of society for the sake of making a buck.
 good
 Amazing! Kept me on my toes and the ending was a shocker!
 Excellent  !!!
 cliched plot and characters
 good book
 Very good book, a Dan Brown, masterpiece. The incorporation of history and logic make this book come to life with all of its twists and turns. Recommended for anyone who likes long, in-depth story's.
 Great read.
 Such a great read!
 This would have to be one of the greatest reads I have experienced.  The story line makes you think constantly of the beliefs in place today and how we arrived at this place.  Could we be wrong?  I ordered this book when I first started reading on my Kindle.  I had seen the movie, so instead of reading the book straight away, I delayed the experience.  Once I started reading I created more bookmarks for future references than any other book.  I constantly used the Kindle dictionary.  Thank you Kindle.  An amazing read.
 Amazing
 Product was as described
 The best I've read!
 Highly recommend!
 Had a hard time putting this book down.  Excellent reading.  I like Dan Brown's writing.  Would recommend this book to all
 The info in this book make you think.  The most important data presented should make us look deeper into the available books and files to make your own mind up as to the relevance of the direction this book takes you..
 Great book!
 Everything came together in this book like a fine wine, all the ingredients fit perfectly. Anyone that likes a mystery should love it.
 Spell binding. Couldn't put it down.  Read it cover to cover in two days. That was a record for me.
 Ok- first off... I really did enjoy this book. However, now that I have read 3 of Brown's novels, I have noticed a certain formula that Dan Brown uses.<br/>1- Use the word "Indredulous" as often as possible.<br/>2- The bad guy MUST be known by a term/phrase instead of a name.<br/>3- The bad guy is double crossing the good guys... and you are NOT supposed to suspect this.<br/>4- The novel must take place in the course of one day.<br/>5- Your hero must wake-up and not have a clue that he will spend his entire day many miles away from home, while being chased by bad guys.<br/>6- All good guys must be experts at something very arcane.<br/>7- The ending must be weak.<br/>If you follow these steps you too can write a Dan Brown novel. ORRRR you can use this formula to figure out the book you are currently reading after about 100 pages.<br/>This is clearly a case of diminishing returns. One book is Awesome, two is fun, but by the third... you are ready to turn on the television.<br/>My suggestion- read the Da Vinci Code (However, remember it is still "fiction" and despite the authors claims- some of his facts are seriously flawed- for instance - "The Gosphel of Mary" is hardly widely accepted as legitimate).<br/>"The Da Vinci Code" is extremely face paced, and quite thought provoking. It challenged me to do a little research into the foundation of my beliefs (However, it did not change my beliefs... I found that my views on religon are on much sounder ground that the author's supposed "research"). Enjoy...
 good book...
 Great!
 A great and easy read that keeps you reading.  I have never read a book that I actually had the problem of putting it down, but The Da Vinci Code keeps you hooked.  Dan Brown strikes gold in this edge of your...fingertips instead of seat i suppose.  And if you liked this book, you'll LOVE the prequel to it, "Angels and Demons" by Dan Brown.
 This book received a "WOW" rating from me.  I coudn't wait to begin reading it.  Puts a lot of thought in your head.  Especially, how Da Vinci enjoyed placing pagan symbols into Christian works.
 The book is beautiful and arrived quickly.
 Well written, very entertaining and captivating.
 very suspenseful, a little nonsensical
 Settle down in your favorite stuffed chair, prop your feet up and suspend your sense of reality in order to enjoy this work of fiction.<br/><br/>Yes, I agree - the characters need work, the plot is convoluted and over-the-top, and the ideas are far from new. But this is a light form of entertainment. It is definately not a history lesson nor a Biblical study. And if the story bores you, well. . . .the illustrations/photos are beautiful!<br/><br/>Granted, this is far from a masterpiece. But sometimes at the end of the day, I am looking for a form of entertainment that does not require too much brain power! So, enjoy the chase.<br/><br/>And, oh yes!  The ending was a bit of a let down for me. I was looking for something more dramatic/creative.  Thus, the reason for three stars.<br/><br/>A light, quick read. . .
 Product as described, shipped promptly, a great buy and just what I wanted!  Thank you Amazon!
 Best book aever
 All the book's was great and interesting.
 Awesome
 My favorite book with lots of knowledge and learning along with a fast twisted story line.  Love it!
 The Da Vinci Code is a a subtle and mesmerizing novel that is laced with reality and fabulous research and illustrations. It is clearly an anti-organized religion book designed to plant the seed of doubt in the mind of the readers. Regardless of the motives, it is a marvelous book to read !!!
 We'll written book and the plot is always making turns into unexpected places. I can't wait to read lost symbol next
 Although I started reading Dan Brown novels beginning with Inferno and thinking it being one of the best books I have ever read, The Da Vinci Code was not a disappointment. A clever story line with lots of twists and turns kept me interested from the beginning all the way through to the end. I will of course now continue on to the next "Angels and Demons".  I have found myself another favorite author that I can be sure will not disappoint. Thank you Dan Brown!!
 I know people who love the book won't like the movie, and vice versa.  I like the movie much more.
 Better than the movie.. give it a try
 A fun story. Very engrossing and entertaining.
 Very good read, difficult to put down!
 Absolutely loved this book! I was engaged the entire time! Dan Brown's writing style sucks you in and you never wanna leave! If you're a fan of history, conspiracy, and mystery then you will love this book!
 Great book!
 GREAT
 I loved the Da Vinci Code. Any truly serious biblical scholar has to accept many a premiss put forth therein. If you have read 'New Testament Revelations of Jesus of Nazareth' and/or  'What Happens After You Die' (two books which contain many of the messages received by James Padgett between 1914 and 1923 via automatic writings from Jesus and other Celestial and historical characters,) you will be very at home much of what is written in the Da Vinci Code. The debunking of the Trinity, the Virgin Birth, and Jesus as God was all revealed to James Padgett over 75 years ago by those who were there. Mary Magdalene wrote as did Mary the Mother of Jesus. Jesus himself wrote Padgett of his true mission on earth. As a Christian minister I can happily recommend all the above.
 I enjoyed it
 A great read..! I've read it and re-read it..and it never gets boring.. I definitely recommend this book!
 Awesome book!! I was on the edge of my seat the entire time. Can't wait to read more. A must read!
 The DaVinci Code is excellent!
 Of course it is a fiction book but it does contain enough little known and accurate history to be a very entertaining read.
 Is there anything left to say about this book? Does Brown get the religious, historical and art history material right? Who cares? It's a good story with enough plausability to keep the pages turning. The illustrated edition is great! Helps make some of the more arcane plot points understandable for people whose Jensons have been gathering dust for several years. Good quality images, a la Joseph Campbell's "The Myhtic Image."
 My son said this is a fantastic book!
 Horribly written, full of cliches. Robert Langdon might be the first male Mary Sue. I read this prior to a trip to Europe and some of the sights mentioned in the novel. I wish I could wipe this s*** novel from my memory so that I could have better enjoyed seeing the Louvre, Westminster Abbey, without being reminded of that jackass Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>The only good thing I can say about it is that it is probably better than the most recent literary cultural phenomenon, Fifty Shades of Grey. Probably.
 Great Movie I really liked it.
 Good read. The book contained a well developed plot, and believable characters.
 I couldn't put the book down. I recommend this highly.
 I read the Da Vinci Code at the apex of its hype in the media.  I was swayed by the push of religious zealots to decry the myth.  I found myself continually asking what on earth is wrong with people.  What don't they comprehend about fiction.  Fiction is a mass of make believe woven with threads of some fact.  You can't take a work of fiction as seriously as you do a personal diary, journal, or historical document.  Because of that I missed the important message of the book.<br/><br/>I saw the movie and understood why a lot of people didn't like it.  If you didn't read the book it was difficult to follow.  If you read the book, you couldn't help but tsk that Tom Hanks, normally a top actor, ruined this role completely.  He just didn't fit.  The director was horrible portraying two strong characters as weak ignorant dweedle dums, while the villian was brilliant.  The movie was also corrupted by the screenwriter that under did and over did portions of the book.  The screenwriter tried to mix to much action with symbolism, and failed at both.<br/><br/>Then I listened to the unabridged audio book.  I reprimanded myself for missing so much.  Dan Brown gives us a magical, mystical, and totally wonderful history lesson.  Beneath the lines is something far more than meets the eyes, and hits the ears.  It isn't about religion and goddesses, it is all about sociology and the development of psychology mixed with sociology to define a society.  Marvelous Mr. Brown, just marvelous.  I highly recommend this as a read and hear book.  I look forward to the another Dan Brown novel.  I have read them all and listened to the three.  Comprehensive society study there.  Under the lines is Dan Brown's codes.<br/><br/>Enjoy
 That's about it. There are too many other reviews here for me to feel it necessary to continue. I liked the book, its quite interesting and well written. I'm an academic student of religious history, and his connections are liberal and speculative yet presented as fact.
 Loved it, even more the second time around!
 One of the most interesting books I've read this decade.
 I loved this book because of the thrill and the tribute to art and culture and the mystery. I recommend it to people who love art and mystery.
 Great
 good condition, thanks
 Thrilling and breathtaking
 As always better than the movie!!
 I can't imagine reading this book without these pictures.  If you are not especially knowledgable about art or art history, this book makes a world of difference.  Everything else about the book is the same as the standard version, so I will leave it to those reviews to rant and rave about what an awesome  read this is.
 While Da Vinci Code features Robert Langdon, last seen destroying the Vatican Library in Brown's Angels and Demons, reading the earlier title isn't a prerequisite to enjoying this one; Da Vinci Code stands alone.  Like Browns' earlier title, this one is a page-turner that is hard to put down, full of twists and turns at a breakneck pace as the search for the Grail becomes a simultaneous flight from attack.  It is also a title that can be re-read, packed with interesting trivia that bears re-examination; while it is a "fun read", full of fast-paced action, there are elements of the novel that themselves might serve as the subject of scholarly analysis; this title defines "intellectual thriller".
 Good plots and twists.  Not very believable to me.
 Though this book and the movie are already old now, I have just read the book and must say I was disappointed. I wasn't that crazy for the movie either. Though the concept is very interesting the book read like a lecture, and the characters were weak. I was bored by the middle of the book.<br/>I'm hoping "The Lost Symbol" will be an improvement. C. Lovell
 excellent book.  fast read, and kept me fully involved!!  the story line keeps you wanting more and holds your attention to the end.
 Excellent book, great condition. Thanks.
 Just enjoy this erudite journey (although at last the journey seems to be an itinerary and somewhat a waste of time, alas.) But this is indeed a pageturner, once you begin reading and you can not put it down. And, relax, this is a popular fiction. And a very fun and gripping fiction, with many extraordinary knowledge. And since it is a fiction, never mind unavoidable occurence of inaccuracies and exaggerations.<br/>However, being a mathematician, at least I confirm that those properties of the Fibonacci numbers mentioned in the book are CORRECT.
 If you are a Dan Brown fan, you will enjoy this. It is the book which brought his works to the mind and ye of most readers when it was bastardized into a top selling movie.
 He's taken old stuff and treated it like it was brand new.
 Haven't finished it but totally enjoying what I have read!
 Well written and researched. Gives everyone something to think seriously about.
 Excellent book!
 My favorite author....
 Definitely well worth it especially if you enjoy mysteries and puzzles. Dont watch the movie first though. It will make I  less fun.
 The DaVinci Code was an excellent read.  I enjoyed it as much as I did Angels and Demons.  I plan on reading all the Robert Langdon series by Dan Brown.
 Not only this book gave me an insight of pieces of history, but made me think and research of concepts new to me. This was kind of an awakening to me and I will always keep it to read it from time to time, between lines.
 This was a great book!  Usually I don't read the trendy books, but this one was so intriguing I had to have it!
 This was a gift and I haven't heard
 Can't say much more than all the critics and fans.  It's FANTASTIC !!  And the movie with Tom Hanks is great &amp; follows the book exactly.
 It's a great book. The author gives us illustrations of ancient and modern languages. I'm invigorated. A must read for everyone!
 Could not put this book down.  This book was a page Turner. Can't wait to read more of his writings
 Thanks to the author, we are left a trail of luminous breadcrumbs that act as blast caps to impermeable conventional thinking.
 Great, and fast read! The images are very helpful in terms of visualizing the art the author refers to.
 I loved this book. I have read it before, this is maybe the third time I've read it. And I would read it again!
 This is the best book I have read in MANY years, and I read lots of books.  There is something to learn on every page that will boggle your mind and keep you wanting more.  I find it fascinating that one man could store so much knowledge in his head!  NO ONE will come away from this book lacking anything, only wanting more!
 Good read
 This book is truly captivating.  I could not put it down.  Dan Brown has just joined my list of favorite authors.<br/>I am now going to locate and purchase some of his other books!
 Always wanted to read this book and I now understand why.  The history buff in me was amazed at everything that Brown wrote. Amazing novel that kept me up to get to the next page. Looking forward to more Robert Langdon!!
 I have read this book twice. Once in paperback and once on kindle. There is no doubt that the book is a commercial success but that is no guarantee of literary excellence. The beginning is slow and full of descriptions that have little to do with the plot of the story. It seemed to me that the author had done a great deal of careful research but couldn't resist the temptation to dump it all in the story. The man dying from a bullet in his stomach seemed implausible. How could he place clues in different locations and think up ciphers for his granddaughter to solve? I think he would have been screaming his head off until he bled out. The pace picked up in the middle of the story which I thought was the best part. The escape from the bank, the private plane were all plausible in the story if a little far fetched. The end is a let down. It appeared to me that the author didn't have a satisfactory conclusion and just threw in a few miscellaneous ideas. There are a number of sinister characters, an archbishop, an albino monk and a police inspector who may have been bad or possibly on the good side. Plenty of security breaches and treachery. A good one time read if you haven't got anything better to do.
 With an engaging and thought provoking conspiracy, secret societies and the backdrop of the most famous pieces of art Davinci Code is a captivating page turned. Still my favorite Dan Brown novel!
 Great book, even as a gift for others to enjoy!
 Couldn't put it down and finished it very quickly! Awesome read to say the very least! Absolutely would recommend it
 The book had a great story, but I did not like the ending.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the book. it was loaded with interesting facts and ideas but was not difficult to follow or comprehend. it was very enjoyable.
 Loved
 Great read, holds your attention through out, well written and very well researched. A great history lesson about the inner workings of the Church.
 First Dan Brown novel I read.  I love the plot...and the characters.  Fast paced.  One of those stories where you can actually imagine being with the characters...and seeing what they are seeing!<br/><br/>What is the Catholic Church trying to hide?  Will the protagonists find the answers?  Will they survive all the threats, twists and turns.  Who can they trust?<br/><br/>The book is an interesting ride!!
 Second read - forgot how good it is and how different from the movie!
 I enjoyed the book, will have to get around to seeing the movie, I guess. Didn't take it too seriously, just a relatively intelligent fun ride.
 i ate this book up
 Exciting and informative.
 Edition is the to a friend edition apk and look up text of new features in the to get a friend print email feedback on this page not be a few years back in the public and jemazarin and jemazarin the public and professional development of the public and professional development typically a unique opportunity to get minecraft pocket of the to be a chance to get the public sector workers your doom and gloom and doom and gloom and doom and gloom and doom and gloomand doom and gloom and doom and gloom and doom and gloom and doom and gloom and doom and gloom and doom for transparent and professional development typically a
 Good book.
 Dan Brown's eyes see through the mist and deception to reveal little-known insights into the Jesus story.  Some is based on fact and some is fiction, but all together it's a great story.  It caused a sensation when first published and continues being a marker for change.  This was my second reading, and I enjoyed it as much as the first time.
 My husband and I read this book together.  Thrilling, vivid pictures, spark great discussion. A great page Turner. Must read
 riveting
 Great book! Dan Brown at his best!!
 Could not put it down! Great book and journey
 Once again Dan Brown is an excellent storyteller who uses many literary devices and keeps every chapter moving..<br/>You can't wait to get to the next chapter.
 Great read.
 I love anything by Dan Brown. This was the first of his that I read and love them all!
 I was curious to see what all the fuss was about. The beginning of the book is great at creating suspense. This excitement ends towards the middle. Then, the writer's craft disintegrates, and he starts using tedious dialogue to make his point. The other annoying pattern is as follows: car chase, car chase, car chase after car chase, then a plane chase. Some pretty cheap shots in here. That said, the author is rich! So I guess people love it!
 Very good book
 One of the most creative writers alive. Dan Brown is certainly gifted. His book is highly entertaining and indeed it is very difficult to put it down before finishing it. Once I read the book, I felt sad for not having more pages to read.<br/>The details of the characters and places are just right. The events are revealed in the right moment. It is filled with action but not in an over the board way. What is very interesting to me was that the book managed to drive me to know more about many of the symbols or  artifacts or places mentioned in it. Yes, it is a work of fiction but very well connected to history and life. I cannot wait for his Inferno.
 Thrilling subject well written with notable inferences
 It was an enthralling story.  I couldn't put the book down. I love Dan Browns books.  I Recommend you read them all.
 I liked the fast pace of the reading and they way Mr. Brown references real world groups. I would recommend this book to anyone who can keep up with a fast paced book.
 Fabulous!! Can't put it down once you start. A historical fiction at its finest. Be ready to be educated along the way.
 So many twists...a book that makes you think. Loved every minute  of it!!
 "The Da Vinci Code" is a very intriguing, exciting, suspensful murder mystery full of secret codes and messages, a definite challenge to the reader to figure it all out before the main characters do.  The book is full of subtle hints, and plenty of surprises too.<br/><br/>Some have criticized the historical setting--assumptions about biblical history, contrary (even heretical) to orthodox Christian theology, and not supported by artifacts or ancient documents (and verify any "facts" laid out--like purported origins of words--through other means, as with any work of fiction!).  But if one remembers that it's only fiction, one can have fun on this ride, and pretend with the author for the duration of the book, just as we pretend for a while that archeology professors transport themselves using whips and shoot at Nazis and just have fun watching the movie.
 The story itself is brilliant, but the historical facts and stories begged belief. Very rarely do you read a book whose story grabs you, while teaching you an awful lot in the process.
 I'm a 63-year-old guy whose mind probably isn't as sharp as it used to be. I am of average (at best) intelligence. I graduated from an average small public college with A's and B's in my major/minor (journalism/English), the rest of the grades I'm not too proud of.<br/>That said, without -- I swear, promise -- even going to the various Da Vinci Code (DVC)-related websites, i.e., w/o being tipped off there even was a code, I IMMEDIATELY spotted the code on the jacket and wrote it out, in order. I IMMEDIATELY rearranged and understood the "Fibonacci number sequence" before author Brown explained it, and then, on page 298, I IMMEDIATELY read the script (it's only English backwards, for heaven's sake) that none of the "brainy stars" in the book could figure out for several pages.<br/>I mean, c'mon. At best this is Clancy with culture. Is it a page-turner? Sure -- I just can't wait to see how much more ridiculous it can get as far as plot goes.<br/>I'm just over halfway through DVC and am shaking my head.  It's nothing more than a few cute, clever alphanumeric tricks that Brown builds stories around, linking them rather weakly, i.e., trying too hard, and it's SO obvious.  Half-way through, the characters in the story have been to hell in a hand basket and back in the span of, oh, 6 to 9 hours of night-time. They are sleep- and food- deprived and yet are as bright-eyed and bushy-tailed as well-fed squirrels eyeing a dog. Totally coherent. Yeah, right.<br/>Oh I'm learning neat things about the Louvre and the streets of Paris, all of which I've never seen. I'm learning about the factual factions of the Catholic faith/church, that Da Vince was a homosexual, biblical references, that Mary M. was really cool (and thus hidden) and other interesting stuff, but other than that, THIS BOOK -- not just the story of Christianity -- is really the "greatest story ever SOLD" (to borrow a quote from the book).<br/>An occasionally interesting, implausible laugher. I'm really hugely disappointed, but I'll finish it out. Boy, has the English-speaking public ever been duped!
 Total suspense at the end of every page!
 The history and questions raised with this book made for fascinating reading, I couldn't stop. Was relieved to get to the end though as the plot was quite long.
 A great read.
 His style of depicting all relevant articles of yesteryears is extremely enjoying and a nice secret revealing to be culminating in a sombre climax
 And very detailed in his research. Dan Brown knows how to make it interesting. While it's fiction, it does get us thinking about the power of religion in shaping our minds!
 LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE you just cant keep  your hands off this book!!!!!! I also like the theme he used like giving the reader a closer look into ancient artists and their work!!
 A great read! Couldn't put it down.
 Keeps you on the edge of your seat!
 excellent
 A good read
 My selection of reading matter  is unsystematic and appears to be random  but stimulates  thought, informs or entertains.  This book may do all three.
 Excelent
 Whether the conspiracies are true or not, still a very interesting read! Very well written flowing seamlessly from chapter to chapter.
 Having read the book before, and Googling the referenced art work and places, I really appreciate this illustrated edition.  The art work, buildings, and places are pictured at appropriate points in the story.  Nice idea!
 It's gripping book, though the star was a bit slow but then after a couple of chapters it became a roller coaster ride!
 The first 180 pages are great, then the middle becomes a little contrived, you ever see on of those movies, where they throw so many twists in it pisses you off?  Well there are a good 80 pages of that in this book, but he wraps it up delicately in the end.  I enjoyed immensely and overall was very satisfied.
 A page turner that was hard to put down. Action packed with an unexpected ending. Highly recommended reading for all.
 One of the best novels ever written.  The only book in history to outsell the Bible in any given year says it all.  The illustrated edition is the only one to buy since you get to see the buildings and art work Brown is writing about.
 Awesome read. Very suspenseful. Brown writes great books that will make you think and keep you on the edge of your seat.
 I'm not going to bother getting into the "historical accuracy" arguments about this book.  It's a novel, for crying out loud. Regardless of its author's claims about dealing in facts, it never occurred to me to even consider reading a NOVEL in search of historical truth.<br/><br/>The problem with the DaVinci Code is not whether it's historically accurate. The problem is that Dan Brown's writing is terrible.. Seriously - how is it that no one else is talking about this?  Here is a classic case of an author who has come up with a brilliant and engaging story, but lacks the skill to put it onto paper in an even remotely readable way.<br/><br/>And yes, I read through the whole thing ... every single god-awful page of it. I admit that I was interested enough in these characters to want to know what happened next. But I was constantly yanked out of the narrative flow by Mr. Brown's awkward, vague, and repetitive writing style.<br/><br/>Truthfully, the writing was so painfully bad that the only way I could stand it was to turn it into a game. Every time I found an especially stinky passage I would run to my mother (who was also reading the book) and read it aloud so that we could have a good laugh. Whoever found the most awkward, cringe-inducing sentence won the game for the day. Some days there were too many to choose from, and we called it a tie.<br/><br/>Should you read this book? Sure, why not? But don't say I didn't warn you.
 A very interesting book that captures you and doesn't let you go until you finish it.
 Not an expert but i liked it
 thought provoking mix of fact and fiction. This was a very quick read. Entertaining and suspenseful. I really liked it.
 One of the most enjoyable and engaging novels that I have ever read. I could just not put my kindle down.
 The  premises of this book is fascinating. While there's no way to know if it's true, the thought is intriguing.
 This is a great book!!!!! A must read!
 Great book. Kept me turning pages<br/>Well structured. Always interesting. Not a dull moment present. The mystery aspect always kept you guessing.
 I love a good conspiracy that doesn't suddenly make me think the author needs a tin foil helmet and Dan Brown delivers in a big way!  Always thoughtful, maybe possible and people, PLEASE stop being disappointed because something doesn't work out in real life.  It's a wonderful piece of FICTION!
 Arrived in brand new condition
 The Da Vinci Code, is a great beach or airline read. It is entertaining, fun and the plot idea is excellent. The twist can be seen from a mile away and the prose is average at best, so this book will never be one of the greats.<br/><br/>As a "time-pass" book, it is one of the best.
 I watched the movie and then read the book so there were a few moments or rereading, but I think of course as always the book was better. The movie of course was perfectly cast with Tom Hanks and throughout the book series I could only hear his voice as I read teh books. The thread in which the writer thread to make this scavenger hunt that you desperately try to unravel as a reader are so in depth you wonder how this cam to him. This cryptex idea. And all of this imagery was perfect. You could see it as if with your own eyes. Of course since I had watched the movie I pretty much knew what was coming next. But that didnt keep it from being a page turner for me. I read it in a week.
 Intriguing novel. Completely enjoyed reading, immersing myself into the story. Bold in putting forth some of the facts and interested me to now try and more historical info on the grail legacy.
 One of the best book I've ever had
 This book was very well written, loved reading about the secrets of the Da Vinci Code, not many characters in the book so its easy to keep track of who is who.  I also like the twists and turns that this book takes,  I would recommend this to anyone wanting to read a good well written book.
 A contrived story with weak characterization and laughable plot, salted with a number of pseudo historical factoids.  For a much better novel with a similar theme may I recommend Wilton Barnhardt's "Gospel". If you are really serious and want to enjoy the prose of a true poet and classisist; look for and find the long out of print novel by Robert Graves, "King Jesus".
 I had seen the film which I enjoyed a great deal.  If anything, I enjoyed this book even more.  Of course I could already solve the various riddles having seen the picture.  This however was more than compensated by the wealth of detail that I had missed, or which been edited out of the film.<br/><br/>Good read.
 Interesting. I wasn't able to put the book down.
 Good read
 While it is doubtful that The DaVinci Code will be revered alongside the likes of William Shakespeare, Dan Brown has crafted a fairly intricate and tight thriller.  When reading this work, it is essential to remember this is a murder mystery at heart, not a volume on theology.<br/>The fractured early history of Christianity, the Priory of Sion, Mary and the holy grail and numerous other concepts in this book are not original to the author, but have been freely available for numerous years.  The author merely uses them to encapsulate his mystery and make it far more interesting.  It is certainly not a book that should be criticized like a non fiction book.  Authors are bound to take artistic license here and there to enhance the drama and action in the story.<br/>That being said, the book is efficiently written and the action moves at an adequate pace to keep a reader interested through the 450+ pages.  Dan Brown breaks the book into numerous short chapters allowing the reader to have a sense of accomplishment while reading it.  Told in a linear fashion with numerous changes of scene, the reader can easily keep up with the plot and many characters.  Character development could have been better as we don't really get to know what makes any of them tick.  Exposition through narrative is minimal; used only when necessary.  Most exposition is handled by the characters' interaction with each other.  This is a very effective way to reveal the facts to the reader.<br/>If you like a mystery and have a theological bent, you will probably enjoy this book.  The proper midset is essential.  If you read this book to criticize it, you will quickly sour on it.  It's not very deep so lay back and have some fun.
 My first Brown book.  Was better than I thought it could be.  Will be reading more that is for sure.
 Loved it, great book!
 great twists! read with my teenage boys!
 Good thriller, real page turner. Thought it was extremely well written.
 Couldn't stop reading. Exceeds by far the movie as it provides more details and issues which cannot be captured by the camera or by any actor. Breathtaking!
 A spell binding novel packed with historical facts, tempered by intense intrigue.  In this regard, Dan Brown weaves an exceptionally captivating, riveting tale, especially for those possessing a greater than passing interest in the evolution of Christianity and the legends surrounding it.
 Amazing combination of fact n fiction. I loved it. Bravo Dan brown. Movie is ok but the book is great
 Really enjoyed the book.  He does get a bit wordy with his descriptions at times.
 Greatq book-recommend it highly. Read it slowly but will read again. Holds your interest all the way and to the end.<br/>Left me wanting to read more.
 I actually downloaded this book so I could read the beginning of Inferno as I had read the DaVinci Code when the book first came out.  I'm so looking forward to being able to purchase Inferno when it comes out.  it is scheduled for release on May 14, 2013.  Can't wait.
 This book sparked a lot of controversy when it was released, and it deserved some of it.  Keep in mind that it is a work of fiction, and a very enjoyable one at that!  A mystery full of puzzles, plot-twists, and danger!  Definitely a "stay-up-all-night-to-finish" type book!
 Great book
 Pages turn by themselves.. Perfect thriller!<br/>Great work by Dan Brown<br/>And Robert Langdon at his best again!
 What an intriguing and well written adventure.  Brown is a master in his own right. I highly recommend this thriller to all.
 Brown wrote the stump, Sony filmed the fiasco, fiery Sony batteries have to be recalled like Hell... Where's the connection?
 This is just what the description said.  It arrived very quickly!! My son was thrilled to take it back home with him. THANKS
 Right from the first chapter till the last was a scintillating experience.Never imagined the such a story  woven around the theme written in the book .
 Great read. It kept me on my toes the whole way through.
 Couldn't put it down till I had finished.  Brilliant!!!
 Oh god. Wonderful thriller. I've not read anything like this... I really recommend this book if you want to read something different
 Da book was good
 Absolutely great.  I wanted to read straight thru - the plot was so engrossing!
 A really good read.  I bought it because I read the regular edition and wanted to see all the symbolism for myself.  I am glad I did.  I would suggest this book for any one who wants to live the book in pictures.
 it was a great read.
 Amazing work by one of my favourite authors of all times!
 I think this is Dan Brown's best effort to date.  Clever use of "historical" info and speculation with a good detective story.  If you suspend your disbelief and just accept his made-up "facts" as true, the story can be quite convincing.
 I'm not a big reader, but wanted to read this, I had heard so much about it and it was such a great story, very interesting stuff and I read it in less than a week, I couldn't seem to put it down and stop reading. I definitely want to read more of his books!
 No matter how many times I've read this book it's always my favorite! I've always been a fan of Dan Brown and Robert Langdon!
 I really loved this book.  Have read it more than once.  It made me really think about the background of Christianity.  THere are many stories and beliefs that were hidden by the "powers that be". I know this is fiction, but who really knows the real truth?
 It was a good read I liked it more than the wife but hey to each their own.
 I hadn't read this book when it came out, as I didn't think I would enjoy it.  I found it to be fascinating, giving a whole new light to many things we know about Christianity and other religions of the world.  Plan to read Angels and Demons next.
 This is a good summer read.I have to say, though, that the premise is a little far fetched. Why would DaVinci's paintings be taken as gospel regarding the life of Jesus Christ? He lived 1500 years later! It is an entertaining story, but that's about as far as I would go.
 Its very nice , a good time pass could visualize those sceans , a different experiance than seeing the same as Movie !
 I love the Robert Langdon character. And even though I did not like this book as much as Angels &amp; Demons, it is not a bad book. It just seemed to move a little slower than I had hoped. Look forward to reading 'The Lost Symbol' and 'Inferno' when available.
 This book is amazing
 After all the hype I finally decided to read this book.<br/>What a disappointment.  The story was ok, but it was too full of long descriptors intended to make it sound authentic.  Could have given it 4 stars for the story, but it was a drudge to read.
 So much of this book is visual with the places described.  I have read the book before and this is so delightful to see where the author is describing.  I will give copies of this as gifts.
 There's nothing I could share about the plot tht wouldn't give something away or hasn't been shared by another reviewer...  With that said, I enjoyed this book.  It took me three nights to finish it and I am glad I finally got around to reading it.  I thought the ideas and story were awesome; however, Brown's ability as a writer was just mediocre.  If there is a sequel, I will more than likely read it; however, if the next book is not a sequel, I will probably pass.  Would LOVE to see something like this in the hands of Preston-Child!
 I had already read the book and they moved the library so that I can not longer get to it, so I bought the book. The book collection in my Kindle is always a pleasant shock. The fact that I simply love all the books in my kindle is just icing on the cake!
 The Da Vinci Code, is a great book. It's intriguing, full of surprising twists and terns. I can't stop reading it!
 The e-version of this book is super easy to read.  I've had some books (possibly non kindle version) that are hard to scroll through, but this one is easy.  I've read this book in paperback version previously and loved it enough to purchase the e-version.
 Enjoyed the reading
 enjoyed it very good
 In the "Poetics," his famous study of Greek dramatic art, Aristotle compares tragedy to such other metrical forms as comedy and epic poetry. He argues that tragedy, like all poetry, is a kind of imitation (mimesis), but adds that it has a serious purpose and uses direct action rather than narrative to achieve its ends. Aristotle holds that poetic mimesis is imitation of things as they could be, not as they are (i.e., of universals and ideals). Consequently, poetry--that is to say, all literature--is a more philosophical and exalted medium than history, which merely records what actually happened.  Aristotle was defending poetry as much as explaining it because there were those in ancient Greece who were deeply offended that anyone should create works of fiction.<br/>That would seem to explain some of the reaction to Dan Brown's bestseller, "The Da Vinci Code," that has enraged many theologians who have denounced it as anti-Catholic.  Brown takes some credible theories about the early Christians, mines the paintings of Leonardo for helpful symbolism, and creates a series of codes left behind by a dying man, to create a thriller with Biblical implications.  However, along the way there is a consistent and compelling critique, not so much of the Catholic Church of today, but of the early history of Christianity.  The person who takes the biggest drubbing in the book is not the Pope (either one of them that figure in the story), but the Emperor Constantine.  The idea that "The Da Vinci Code" constitutes a revisionist view of Christianity is pretty ironic since it was Paul's transformation of the teachings of Jesus into something more palatable for the Gentiles of the Roman Empire, the history of Christianity has been one of transformation.<br/>The big question then becomes whether or not "The Da Vinci Code" is a theological argument dressed up as a mystery that should have been advanced as a scholarly treatise.  The position that Christianity fueled a patriarchal society at the expense of Mother Earth permeates the novel, but ultimately it is part of the rationale for solving the mystery, existing more as a function of narrative than a rhetorical stance.  Then again, I have no problem with the idea that Jesus will always be an important historical figure, regardless of what information might be discovered or revealed in the future.  By the same token, speculation about a possible marriage between Jesus and Mary Magdalene does nothing to distract from the power of his ministry.  On the other hand, I fully realize that such a position will be regarded by a great many as heresy, so I grant that the very premise of Brown's novel will be considered offensive by a great many people.  All I can offer in response is the belief that Brown was not intending to challenge such beliefs, but wanted to take some interesting ideas and creatively filling some gaps to make a compelling mystery.  The key supporting evidence for this idea would be that most of the key characters take all of this for granted, so that they are always explaining rather than advocating these various ideas.<br/>Of course, there will be those who are disappointed to find out that everything in this fictional novel is not true and who will be upset that this is indeed a work of fiction.  But so what if Leonardo Da Vinci did not hide clues about church secrets in his paintings?  All Brown needs is a willing suspension of disbelief on the part of his readers (which may be another reason that true believers are grossly offended by the theological "politics" of this novel); from the perspective of symbolists you can "find" lots of things in any artwork from Da Vinci to Degas to Dali to Dr. Seuss.  The idea that that Mary Magdalene was a prostitute is a potent one because it speaks to the power of redemption, where even a fallen woman can be saved.  Opus Dei and the Priory of Sion are real organizations, but unless you were well vested in such things it would not have mattered if Brown had made up names for the two groups.  But clearly Brown wanted to keep his story as close to the real world as possible, for obvious reasons.  If you want to separate the truth from fiction with "The Da Vinci Code," then just wait patiently: I am sure several books claiming to do just that will be published in 2004 (and all of them together will probably sell one-tenth as many copies as Brown's novel).  It would especially be nice to have a book that collects images of all the works of art and places that are so pivotal in the novel.<br/>"The Da Vinci Code" is a quick and engaging read, where the storytelling matters more than the writing, especially when we are involved in breaking the various codes and making the pieces fit.  Actually, I was rather surprised that the cast of characters remained rather small, but the scope of the conspiracy has historical depth rather than contemporary breadth (turning the novel into a screenplay is not going to be difficult: i.e., no characters of subplots have to be eliminated).  The characters exist to play the games, solve the riddles, and break the codes because very few readers are going to have a chance to do any of that.  I know that Da Vinci wrote backwards in his notebooks and that there are strong similarities between the face of the Mona Lisa and Da Vinci's self portrait, so I was ahead of the curve on a few points, but overall I was just along for the ride (I also knew a bit from playing "Gabriel Knight 3: Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Damned").  The ending made sense to me from both a narrative standpoint, especially in terms of what ending you could hope to get away with in the context of keeping the story as "real" as possible.  But there is also the attendant irony, given the controversy over the book's "attack" on the Chruch, that the ending constitutes more of a matter of faith.
 I expected to have a picture on the cover but the book was just solid black. Except this everything is fine.
 Before you die, read this one !
 Awesome!
 first 53 chapters kept me engaged in book. Ending pretty predictable so I say weak ending.
 This was an incredible story. I literally read it in one sitting. I just couldn't put it down. I don't say that often, nor does it happen often...not with 400 page books. Terrific story and that it was free as well surprised me! Wonderful ,wonderful story!
 I always enjoy rereading a favorite book.  The Da Vinci Code did no disappoint.  I also own the movie version and rewatched it after reading the book.<br/>As a member of Freemasons, I always enjoy reading how fiction authors treat our fraternity.
 I had previously read The Da Vinci Code in paperback and couldn't put it down then.  On the Kindle I couldn't put it down either.  Excellent mystery with plenty of action.  Dan Brown is a master of combining historical fact with the story he is telling.
 Very intriguing &amp; makes you think of the history of Jesus
 I liked it!!!
 I saw the movie, and I decided to read the book, which I think is a step above the movie
 Outstanding. Had to read and re-read several parts. I can see how it might make some people with strong religious beliefs a little uncomfortable, but to me it made sense as another likely possible path. I found the book entirely engaging and gave me a lot to think about.
 I understand that this is fiction, and that Dan Brown played up rumors and stories about the Catholic Church (for the record, I'm not of the Catholic faith). Still, the story was exciting and well-written, and I thought it was a great read.
 Brown does have some moments that are interesting, but for the most part it is a rather mediocre book which with mass marketed genres is about the best you can expect. If you are looking for something that doesn't require too much from you, this is a decent, mindless read.
 I've read this book three times - love it..  It will remain a favorite on my bookshelf and when I want to relax and escape at the same time, then I'll pick up The Da Vinci Code.  Quality of writing, captivating characters, suspense, historic locations - what more can the reader want?  A sequel... please!
 Enjoyed reading this, particularly for the intricate mystery Brown selected to drive the plot. I won't say I understood everything perfectly, but that actually made me pay close attention to what was happening on the page. No skimming for me.
 suspenseful.. lush.. well acted ... nicely done
 A fabulous story that was extremely well told. Could hardly put this book down til I'd read it all. Plot development exc as were the characters and the story. Lots of guessing as to how this would unfold happens. A surprise ending.
 After a slow start, the action picks up and the story flies. The writing is pedestrian, the beginning is slow, the church history somewhat exaggerated (but basically on the mark), and the story starts slow, but once it gets going, it flies along.
 Good read.
 Loved the book
 This is an exciting adventure that is better than the film version. There is far more details than the film makers could have put into the movie version. I agree with Mr. Brown's thoughts about how symbols can change over time.
 Time well spent
 Grate
 The book was exciting and mysterious and started me on a path to read others of Dan Brown's book including Deception Point and others.  I found his books truly hard to put down and look forward to his new book coming out soon.
 The ending left me flat. The writing was excellent. The plot compelling, but I felt like I should have spent my time in another endeavor when I read the last chapter. I guess the sequel might address that--I would hope.
 Exellent book, as are all of Dan Brown's books.  Once you start reading, it is hard to put down.  The book is equally as good as the movie.  In some of the events that take place, the book gives a better and more detailed explanation.  Would definitely recommend reading it.
 Great read!! Holds your attention to the last word.
 Non-stop action, but filled with illogic, made-up history, absurd and amateurish interpretations of actual history, and ignorance (willful or not) of geography. Still, an entertaining ride. Buy it used, not new.
 Dan Brown is like a master cook. After intense research he gathers piles of data and pokes, seasons and creates  a believable  yarn. Even if you don't have a passion for fun puzzles, you will still have a great time getting caught up in the action.
 I read the book a few years ago and really enjoyed reading it. So I immediately grabbed one when Amazon had it on sale for the price of $0.00. Can't beat the price, neither can one beat the intriguing fiction of Dan Brown!
 Actully read this book several years ago, then watched the movie.  Reading again I keep finding things I forgot.
 Well written book that kept you r attention from beginning to the end.  I love Dan's way of writing and the way he describes everything that is going on in such detail it is simplistic to envision and understand.
 This book is AMAZING...I'm not much of a reader outside of newspapers and magazines, but I suggest this book to anyone looking for a good story. In all honesty, I probably would have never read this book had it not been required for me to read in my college class where we had to do lit circles. I just can't seem to ever put this book down and just the other day, I ordered "Angels and Demons" by Dan Brown because I can't get enough!!
 fun fun read
 The Da Vinci Code is an exciting, make-you-think type of a novel. Albeit, the conclusion can leave one feeling rather dissatisfied, it's a must read. Even if you're not a big fan of mysteries, you'll be hooked from the very start.
 One of the best books I have read in a long time.  You can see why they made it a movie.  The historical data is interesting and well woven into a really interesting and exciting story.  An absolute must read.
 I could not put it down once I started reading it!
 Great listen.  Makes waiting for Dr appointments bearable.
 This book is a  great book to read. I have the movie and totslly unexpected the movie followed the book. It's the kind of book you just put down. I did checks his facts and it is all right there on the internet,
 This illustrated edition is HUGE.  Clunky to carry around, but it was worth it to see photos of all the cathedrals, art, and items referred to in the novel.  Everyone has been lining up to borrow this copy!
 Edge of your seat reading with enough twists and turns to get your heat pounding. I read this book long before Tom Hanks became the professor. Dan Brown knows how to spin a tale of intrigue no matter how implausible the premise.
 If you like conspiracy theory's you won't find a better one than this. You can't read fast enough  to get to the next page. This one is a Classic and will rank as one of the top stories ever. Don't believe me ask Tom Hanks.
 Great
 I'm not a big fan of religious novels which  thought this book would be, but I was wrong.  I totally enjoyed the book.  It's thriller aspect more than made up for the religious undertones and its Vatican setting.
 I was very pleased overall with the book. I only got this book because I seen the movie and wanted to read the book because there is always more.<br/><br/>I have to say I was very happy with my decision.
 I received my book today and can't wait to read it, but the cover is all torn up and there are some stains on the pages. I'm a little disappointed it wasn't better handled, but I can't wait to read it. Will update review as soon as I'm done reading!!
 Dan Brown at his finest. suspence abouds in this read. If you enjoy fiction mixed with thruth you will enjoy. Many facts have been proven true after this went to print. The church has admitted there error in reguards to the knight templars. Set down and enjoy this one
 MY FAVORITE DAN BROWN BOOK- full of excitment and fast moving plot. The characters are carismatic and easy to like .. I was totally submerged  in the story and the history the author weaves through out the book. Great read !
 very intreging and you do not know what to accpect next. I just love it and of cource mr. brown
 Excellant..Daughter Very happy
 I love the book.  It is a real page turner and even though I read it when it first came out I love having a copy available on my Kindle.  I have read nearly all Dan Brown's books and have never been disappointed.
 Love it!
 This is my 3rd reading of the DaVinci Code and it won't be the last.  As always I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. Am looking forward to Dan Brown's next book Inferno. Can't come out soon enough.
 I must admit that I liked the beginning better than the end. At a certain point, some of the circumstances and details stretched the believability that had been established in the beginning. That being said, it was a fun read.
 Very well written, great depth, well researched.  Characters were well developed.  Pace moved just fast enough but not so fast that you got lost.  Not a "light read", but I knew that and appreciated the depth.
 Even knowing that the events are not true, Dan Brown's novel is a page turner!  He is a great author.  Don't be drawn in to thinking that there is a great secret hidden by the church, but just enjoy the ride.
 The DaVinci Code has been one of my favorites since it came out. It's a book that picks you up and sweeps you away. Before you know it, six hours has passed and it's three a.m and you can't put it down.
 Great plot, interesting ideas.  Claiming this represents the truth without citing any research is silly.  But as a story, it is very well written.  The puzzles are fun, the pace and the twists are well done.
 It is a thought provoking and entertaining novel.  I like that Dan Brown can make the reader follow the ideas without feeling you must adhere to ideas he is writing about to enjoy the book.
 I am not the best reviewer in the world but I liked this book.  So many books get to be ho-hum about half-way through and I could care less if I finish.  This one has action and intrique and keeps you guessing.
 You here this all the time so getting the book after, a while after seeing the movie was something I don't normally do. But was pleasantly surprised and enjoyed the action and plot twists even more.
 I finally got around to reading "The Da Vinci Code..."  What a rush!  I have begun reading "Angels and Demons."  Dan Brown knows how2 to spin a yarn.  I don't have to worry about what to read next for a while!
 This story was absolutely awesome. From the first sentence to the last - a story that makes you wonder. Dan Brown is one of my favorite authors, an idol. I would recommend this book to everyone.
 I don't think there is very much that I can say about this book that hasn't been said thousands of times before me.  It is a fast paced adventure that combines history and religion in a fascinating way.  Read it.
 I think this book was way over-rated.  I found it tedious and thought that it should have ended about 10 times with any of the mini climaxes, just to be disappointed with yet another continuance.  Boring.
 Not only does Dan Brown give us new possibilities into historical event, he does so using an intelligent and interesting fictional character.<br/>The Story holds you from the first page to the very end.<br/>I love this book...;)
 I'd read it before, downloaded this when e-copy was available free. Dan Brown is exciting and a good read, although his suspense method puffery sometimes gets a bit overblown and hokey rather than building suspense.
 I really enjoyed the book. Page turner and also very informative. I find myself finishing the book in almost one sitting. I already have the hard copy, but I recently also got it on my kindle for easy read on the go.
 It was a better read the second time around.  Dan keeps your attention all the way through the book.  Even the potential for a romance is hinted at which I thought was a nice undertone.
 Yes it's not the best mystery story ever.  Yes he's not the best writer ever.  But if you like an interesting read with some historical facts and etymology thrown in, give it a read.
 I enjoyed the various plots throughout this book. It was exciting to read and I will enjoy re-reading it even though I know what happens. I think Mr. Brown has a great imagination.
 Dan Brown is a wonderful writer. They say if you read The Da Vinci Code before Angels and Demons that is your favorite and vice versa. They are both too good to decide.
 Even though I had read the book when it first came out, listening to this unabridged version on CDs was just as "gripping;" an amazing book!  An excellent reader!
 Decided to read this one again to get ready for Inferno. I like the way Dan Brown uses a mixture of fact and fiction to produce a great mystery. I hope the next one comes out a little quicker Dan.
 Great read! Constantly moving story. Exciting twists. Always a good bit of history in Dan Brown books. I like reading his books and then watching the movies when I'm done. The movies are never as good.
 Amazing
 I listen to this book. I must say it was not as bad as I was expecting.  There were some boring parts that I would drift away, but something always brought me back to the story.
 Well written, lots of twists and surprises.  Mr. Brown's knowledge of history and the Church is very evident througout the book.<br/><br/>A well crafted story that was very hard to put down
 I usually don't go for science fiction books, which for me is what I'd have to label this for some of the things in this book to happen, but I wanted to keep reading to find out how it would end.
 I read this years  back when it first came out and now rereading on the Kindle. I love the book and look forward to the latest addition to the Robert Langston saga when the new book comes out.
 Provocative and intriguing insight to the internal working of the Catholic Church as it struggles to maintain true followers. Does this explains the difference between the other religions.
 I am not sure if I am the only person who encountered issues with the Kindle version, but there were many symbols and illustrations in the book that did not rendered properly for me on Kindle. I ended up having to borrow a physical copy to fully experience the story! Needless to say I was very disappointed that I paid money for something I ended up not even being able to use.
 A plot that twists and turns never giving the reader to o much.<br/>Symbolic mystery abounds and separating fact from accepted<br/>Religious belief makes for a most rewarding read
 I LOVED this book! It kept me on edge  till I finished the whole thing. It felt like I was holding my breath.<br/>The story mixes fact and fiction, but it all feels like fact... so entertaining!
 You won't want to put it down! As always with a Robert Langdon story, suspenseful, surprising and addictive. As soon as I finished this one, I dove into Angels &amp; Demons and can't wait for the next.
 Gripping And challenging
 This is a magnificent book.  My only complaint is its size, due to wonderful pictures.  This makes it difficult for this semi-invalid to read.  But is so interesting, that I will manage somehow!
 I bought the book some years ago, and really enjoyed the book.  Since I have begun culling out my paperbacks/hardbacks, I decided this was one book I wanted to keep digitally.
 I love reading Dan Brown novels.  The Da Vinci Code does not disappoint.  It fills in a lot of the holes from the movie.  The novel pulls you in and keeps you interested.
 I just finished The DaVinci Code (finally got to it)  and it was as exciting as every other Dan Brown novel that I've read.  Thought I knew who did it, and I was wrong!  I love books like that!  Looking forward to the new one next month.  Time to pre-order....
 Truly a great book. Love the ability of Dan Brown to weave historical information into a captivating work of fiction. My only disappointment is that he hasn't written enough other books for me to enjoy! For a similar writing style, I've moved to Steve Berry.
 I love this book and have almost finished reading it for the third time. Very well written and gives quite a bit of history on the Holy Grail. Dan Brown is a great author and I can't wait for his next book to come out in May.
 This is a rock solid book, filled with historical facts, trivia, and information.  Beautifully written, grips one from the first few pages and doesn't let go till the end!  I recommend this to anyone with an open mind.
 I absolutely loved this book when it was first published and had to include it to my online library as well.<br/><br/>Very interesting story and thought provoking.
 I loved this.  Granted I love Angels and Demons more, but this was a great book.  It captivated me and could not put it down.  I read all of his books and love just about all of them.
 Great book.  Author Dan Brown is one our contemporary greats. I have read all of his books and have enjoyed everyone of them.  My all time favorites Angels and Demons with DaVinci Code, but all of his books are good.
 It was good
 I love reading about religious history and as much as it got the church's knickers in a twist over parts of it, it fits with the history I've read. Clearly fiction, but well-researched.
 If you want to have fun by reading a catching, interesting and not demanding book, you should read this novel. It is a thriller: it has suspense, occult matters, murder, intrigue, while allowing the reader to feel like the smart scholar who will uncover sacred mysteries.
 This a well written suspenseful book.  I would recommend this book to anyone looking for action.  From start to finish, I was never bored and never eager for the book to end.
 Mysterious clues, murderous adversaries, frightening deadlines, exciting puzzles!  Remember that this is fiction and enjoy this fast paced, thought provoking story.
 Wow, this book has a range of reviews! I guess that is to be expected given the subject matter of the book. I am starting to think that the topics of religion and politics just should not be discussed amongst friends. I think most people are just too thin-skinned, self-important, immature and closed-minded to discuss either of these topics rationally. I will break it down to simple terms. If you are a fan of books in the 'historical fiction' genre (as I am), then you will love this book. If you are an ultra-conservative, bible-thumping zealot then maybe you should just buy another cook book. Read the reviews, even many of the book's detractors admit it is well researched and that the plot is quite suspenseful. This book appeals to me. I am not particularly pious, but I love much of the Renaissance artwork, perhaps even more so for its, often, very religous themes. So, this book appeals to me in many ways. If you have enjoyed books by Robert Ludlum, Ken Follet or Greg Iles, then I think you will enjoy this book as well.
 Very good plot with it's twist's and turn's. Really educated me with some aspects of religion and the bible, and a lot of it made sense.<br/>Mystery lover's, enjoy!
 This book has everything, it really makes you think, that maybe this is the truth.  I won't give away the plot, but it is one of the best books I have ever read.
 This is one of those books that once you start, you can not put it down.  Thrilling.
 I had already listened to the audio book.  When this came up for free I grabbed it.  I love how he incorporates actual facts of symbols, groups and practices into his novel.
 Though fictional, this book was intriguing from the beginning to the end.  It illustrates what 'could' happen if we are not careful in what we allow others to do for/to us.
 But terribly, terribly inaccurate.  I don't expect accuracy from a fictional work, but the blatant lack thereof on stuff that is easily verifiable gets a star knocked off.
 Once again, Dan Brown has written a novel I couldn't put down until I was done with it. I know he has his critics, but if you keep in mind that this is a work of fiction, I think you will enjoy it.
 I love this author. I always feel like I learn a ton when I read his books. This one is my favorite. It's intriguing and entertaining and full of religious and concepts.
 A book to have in your library, so that you can enjoy it more than once.  Each time you read it you pick up on more subtleties of the writer. A good read.
 Gripping, can't put it down, can't figure out the plot story line.  Kept me on my toes from the start to finish and I love books that aren't predictable and this one sure wasn't.
 I can't wait to read his books. I've read them all and love his intricate plots.<br/>Would love to go to the places he goes, but I feel like I did in his writing.
 The popularity of this book is unquestioned because it make even the most religiously devout individuals think and ask questions that they normally wouldn't ask.  High quality read.
 This book was a page turner... It was thoroughly enjoyable and I especially enjoyed all of the art history information in addition to the religious mystery.
 OMG BEST BOOK EVER. But if you liked this than it is a piece of junk compared to Angels and Demons. But still this book is sooooo AMAZING it is just mind blowing I LOVE it.
 I read this book some time ago but I can say that I enjoyed reading it  because you didn't know what to expect next. Kept you on the edge of your seat throughout.
 I have read this 4 times and liston to it on tape, watch the movie over a dozen times, have 2 copies of the book, a DVD of movie and now on my kindle.  I love it.
 Love reading. Great book. Nuff said. His entire series are great. Haters need to learn that some people want to read for the pleasure, not the hidden meaning or whatever.
 Excellent
 This is an excellent novel which I am re-reading for the fourth or fifth time. Goes well with Angels and Demons even though they are not really related..
 I would highly recommend this book (and Dan Brown's other books).... it is a great combination of fiction/non fiction.  Dan Brown has a great gift in being able to engage the reader .
 Dan Brown's eponymous best seller doesn't need my two cents worth of praise, but for those who have not read it, go find it and enjoy.  One of the best religious thrillers ever printed.
 After all the hype about the movie and the Church's reaction to the book's premise, I finally broke down and bought the book. Good read. Makes you think.
 WHAT A GREAT STORY. YOU GET CAPTURED PRETTY QUICK AND IT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO STOP READING. THIS BOOK WILL KEEP YOU ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT.
 This book is such a great read. It is interesting, well written, and keeps you guessing from the very beginning. I've read it more than once and still enjoy it.
 All of the books in the series are excellent but DaVinci Code is the best of them,<br/>Poorly portrayed on the screen. Read the book and be thrilled.
 This is a wonderful book!  I have read it several times and will probably read it again.  If you love mystery books, you will certainly enjoy this book!
 People seem be a bit upset that the book's historical facts are not accurate.Well, it is a  work of fiction. I found it to be very interesting. Highly recommend it.
 This was a good and interesting book.I liked the search for the Holy Grail and the adventures of the characters.Looking forward to reading another Dan Brown book.
 I am reading this slowly and gathering the whole picture. I like to not have to misplace my book after a session because it's in the computer.<br/>.
 Not something I would read all the way through...Glad I did not waste my time and money on the movie... But, hey how would we know if we did not try to read it.....?
 The book was very well written. I was at the edge of my seat waiting to see what the next clue to the mystery would be. Dan Brown did not disappoint. This is a must read for anyone who enjoys a good mystery.
 Tense, great use of actual people, places and things.  Great use of history.  Couldn't put it down.  Brown at his best.
 I read this in paperback and watched the movie.  This was deservedly a big hit. Of course,m the history behind it is speculative and controversial.
 I loved the storyline and could not put down the book until I finished! After this book, I have to get my hands on each new Robert Langdon adventure!
 Have to say that in spite of what critics say - I enjoyed it!  It captured my imagination.  It moves along quickly and I've actually read it several times.  Thanks.
 I'm enjoying the book. It is a good book for a kindle as I'm not very fluent in French and Latin, so using the translate feather has really come in handy.
 I read this book in paperback many years ago and loved it.  I have the other books in this series in hard back so I had to order this one to go with them.  It was delivered in excellent condition and on time.  Dan Brown is one of those writers you just WANT and NEED to read.  Great!
 Dan has proven that all is not what it seems in any situation and this book is a great read with twists and turns that keep you wanting more.
 Another great book by Dan brown. It keeps you hanging on until the end.  The characters are well developed and the ending is definitely not predictable.
 Challenged my intelligence, but I couldn't put it down. Thank goodness for the dictionary so I could look up some of the ancient names, terms and since I'm not fluent in French, I was able to get the drift. Plenty of twists and turns, adventure and surprises.
 Rarely read a book twice but this was free for a day and I read it pre-Kindle and gave that copy away. It was good the first time around and it is still a great book!
 I have read all of Dan Brown's books. I loved the DaVinci Code as well as all of his others.  They just get better and better. If you want a book you can't put down pick up any Dan Brown book.
 Kept my attention. Couldnt put the book down. Suspinceful, enlightening, and exceptional details to explain whats going on throughout the story.
 This was a freebee and I'm trying to get ride of all my books to end up with a total digital library.  Getting it free helped me along to my goal.
 I re-read Da Vinci Code and thoroughly enjoyed it.  It is a fast moving chase novel with lots of analysis of symbols interlaced.  In reading it the second time I got a better feel for the trail of clues and symbols.  It is a novel worth revisiting.
 Dan Brown weaves fact and fiction together into a puzzle that sheds new light on religious dogmas. Once you start reading you won't be able to put it down until you finish.
 I love Dan Brown books.  His use of historical facts mixed with spys or hidden secret cultures always keeps me mesmerized until I finish the book.
 I read this book a very long time ago but it was an excellent read and certainly one I would re-read so I thought it would be good to add to my Kindle library.
 I think anyone who has read this knows it's one of the greatest novels of all time.  I bought this as a gift because I didn't want to give my hardcopy away.
 Read the book before seeing the movie. Like all of Robert Ludlum's novels it is a great read. I highly recommend this book as well as any of his other novels.
 this book held my attention from beginning to end.  Very suspenseful and complements the movie very well.  Or should I say the movie did a great job sticking to the story of the book..
 When I downloaded this book it was free. I know this is a great book. I've seen the movie as well and am glad to have this in my digital collection.
 This may be the most popular and most controversial it is also not my favorite in the Langdon series I preferred Angels and Demons and am looking forward to Inferno.
 Riveting
 free - had read the book years past and wanted to reread w/o buying a new copy. just starting out w/ kindle. this was a good one to start with.
 I don't know what I can say that hasn't already been said about this book.  It was interesting, suspenseful, and at the time, unique.  A recommended read
 Really enjoyed it when I read it years ago. Way better than the movie. i also read Angels and Demons and look foreward to reading his new book.
 I was convinced to read this one by a Librarian friend -- both from the aspect of being a Catholic and someone who loves a good mystery. Read it cover to cover in one sitting and now reading another of Dan Brown's books.
 I read this book because I was told it was good. I found it slow to start.<br/>But once you get into it, it was worth  it. Yes very good
 Can't get enough of Dan Brown's novels....patiently awaiting his newest Inferno!  This is the one that started the series....very mind provoking!
 I first saw the movie and liked it and usually the book is always better and it was.  I am reading some of the other Dan Brown books now.
 The movie has always intrigued me. Now I have been able to read the book. It was a real page-turner. I stayed up one night until 2 am so I could finish it
 Fantastic read! I couldn't put it down because I was glued to what was going to happen next! I can't wait to read the other books.
 Amazing plot twists, fascinating symbols, truly Byzantine story line.  All in all, a great read by an author at his peak.  Highly recommended.
 This is the second time I have read this book and just as great the second time around.  Looking forward to INFERNO coming out in May.
 It had me from open to close... loved it!!  Bought the othe Langdon books immediately after I finished it... can''t wait to read the next...
 Solid book other reviews will better serve you.  Picked up for free on kindle. Great deal for free!  Looking forward to his next book.
 Excellent - I enjoyed it immensely. Dan Brown is a good writer and the Da Vinci Code is very well written. i would highly recommend it.
 One of the best novels i have read....recommend to one and all....truly a thrilling tale....eye opener and page turner. Cant put it down unless i finished it
 I wouldn't call this a novel but a poorly written high-school project. The plot is predictable and based on very basic recipes for suspense. It made for entertaining Holiday reading but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who enjoys good detective novels or thrillers. I am in no way going to see the film after this...
 Loved this book.  Awesome pacing, and an easy read.  This is one of a handful of books that I could not put down.  I read it well into the night.
 I read this book in high school as a project and couldn't stop myself from downloading the book and re-reading it. It is a still a page turner and the suspense it provides is intense....definitely worth the reread.
 Do I need to say more? I haven't finished the reading, but everybody knows it's a good fiction. I have a hard copy, but ebook is free.
 There was lots and lots and lots of hype about this book and after reading I can say I enjoyed it but it did not live up to all the hype.
 There's a reason for Dan Brown's perpetual best-seller status.  Always a great read that keeps you traveling down twisty, turny paths.
 The Divinci Code is a great follow up to Angels and Demons and shows the talent of Dan Brown.  It is one of thoese books that once you start you cannot put it down.  A great read and look forward to reading all the Brown library.
 The illustrated versions are the best and a must read, not for the factual representation but the historic value and knowledge.
 I read this book in 2005 when I was working at Books-A-Million and it was about to become a movie.  I downloaded this book when it came up as a free purchase, and I forgot how much I love Dan Brown books.  I'm now reading Inferno and I love that book too!!
 Great book. Better than the movie. A mix of reality with fantasy helps the reader create realistic images and makes you think what if it isn't fake.
 I far prefer the book over the movie. The book leaves more to the imagination. Way to go Dan Brown! AGAIN, EXCELLENT BOOK!
 This is a fast paced thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat! Read it some time ago, but took advantage of the free kindle download.
 This book was such a page turner from the get go and two different book clubs in which I participate had lively discussions about it!
 It took me a long time to start reading this book.  Once I started, though, I didn't stop.  It was a fun and wild ride.  I highly recommend.
 I read this book a long time ago and loved it tremendously - as I did all of Dan Brown's books.  They are interesting and exciting!
 Even though I already read this book, I could not resist purchasing this book for the Kindle at the wonderful price of  1.99. Thanks Amazon.
 Very intrigueing!! Made me want to go out and look for hidden codes!! Is it possible, is it real? These are questions you will ask?
 The protagonist Robert Langdon is a fascinating character and the plot is outstanding very worthy of the accolades that this novel has received!
 I bought this book for a kindle I recieved as a birthday present. I read this when it was first released. I thoroughly enjoyed rereading it and do believe I got more the second time!
 Fast paced, intriguing story line. Excellent way to spend an evening, weekend or sneak away during the day. You won't be able to put it down!
 I really liked the Angels and Demons so I bought this one too. another riveting story. keeps you reading and its hard to put down.
 Read several times and i always pick up on things I missed. It's an amazingly detailed book that is a real must read conspiracy novel!
 Truly one of the best books that I have read. You will be hooked from the beginning. Excellent writing. Get this book.
 This is the first Dan Brown nove that I have read and I couldn't put it down! He kept my interest through the twisting plot all the way to the fantastic ending!
 Love this FICTIONAL book. Please read the whole series if you ever get the chance. kindle formatting behaved for me but YMMV.
 A wild premise guides the story line in this book and it takes a while to catch onto it, but overall it's a good read. Not 5-star material, though.
 Dan is simply the Man.  He astounds me with his research details and great storytelling.  An eye-opening thrillride.  It will keep you riveted.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book and actually read it more than once.  The movie even followed the book fairly well.  Highly recommend this book.
 I liked this book.  This normally isn't the type of books I like to read.  It was a book club book and I really am glad I read it.
 It is a good read, however everyone should remember it is a book of fiction, not something to get upset about because they don't agree with the story line.
 Best book by far that I have ever read. A real page turner that really makes you think about history, religion and art.
 This was Dan Brown's first novel I read and loved it. It was much better than his previous novel Angels &amp; Demons. The movie sucked big time though.
 This book is great, I have read it several times and finally purchased it for my kindle when they were running a free special.
 I bought this for my nephew and I read it.  I like reading the books more than seeing the movie.
 I couldn't put the book down until the end. It starts off relatively slowly as a crime novel but the action picks up after a number of pages and turns into a chase where you don't know what will happen at each turn.
 I love books where I can gain knowledge from reading and this book was no exception.  Loved it!  I ordered this book and received it pretty fast and it was in excellent condition and inexpensive.  Great book, Great price, Great condition for a used book!
 I loved this book. I did not see the movie, so maybe that was good. It has many twists and turns, and makes you want more.
 Detractors pan the writing and research, but this story does make you stop and think. It was interesting and a darn good book.
 I just finished this book last night.  It's extremely captivating and well researched.  It does have anti-Christian overtones however, which aren't well disguised.
 With all of the suspense and gorgeous landscape this book draws you in so you are not able to put it down until you've finished it.
 I have read and re-read this book many times.  Religous controversy aside, this is a book that you won't want to put down.
 Dan Brown is a good story-teller.  His book makes you doubt what has generally been accepted as truth since the dawn of history.
 Once you start, you can't stop until the end.  I would highly recommend it to anyone.  One of Dan Brown's best books.
 Great characters for this masterpice  love is the fiction if you like this books read The templar legacy by Steve Berry..
 I already owned the paperback. I wanted a copy for my Kindle. I am a big fan of Dan Brown's Robert Langdon Novels
 A superb story I read years ago and then again recently.  Dan Brown's best book.  The following ones are not up to the same standard.
 Well written and a fun read. Downloaded to have something new to read on my Kindle and I was pleasantly surprised. A fun read!
 sure fills in the holes left in the movie version, long reading but<br/>well worth the experience for anyone at all
 Excellent suspense book.  Very hard to put down.  Kept you wondering who did it until the very end.  Hope he has more available.
 i watched the movie several times and am looking forward to reading this book. they always leave out things in the movies.
 The movie followed the book to a T. Dan Brown can write anything and turn it into a controversial best seller. He has done it before and Soon Will again, I am sure!
 Very good read. Absolutely loved it. However, the structure and format is very similar to all of his other novels.
 I've read all of Dan Brown's books and they are fantastic.  Highly recommend all his books if you like a good mystery.
 The language was difficult to understand; since it was in French.  Good book. Read it, then watched the movie. Book was much more interesting &amp; intense. Movie was a little boring after reading it.
 It is a good book and I enjoyed it reading till the almost very end. At the end, it kind of lost it power over me.
 I had seen the movie and thought it was excellent. Decided to get the book because it's always better and it is.
 A well-written novel with a great storyline. The depth of research that the author has done for this makes it difficult to believe that this is a fictitious work.
 I am so glad i got it for my kindle.  I really enjoyed the hardcover and now I can carry it with me everywhere.
 Dan Brown knows how to weave a tale that is compelling and astounding. I truely enjoyed all the different plots turns and the ending was great!
 Enjoyed the book enough that I wanted to own a copy. Getting it through kindle made it easy<br/>Great experience
 Since I got this book I really enjoyed the time I spent reading it! I look forward to reading the other books by Dan Brown
 Well worth reading! I found it very hard to put the book down even for a short while and it didn't disappoint.
 This is a fast paced mystery.  Everyone you know has read it ....you should too.  It's a best seller for good reasons.
 Very good mystery.  Dan Brown has written a great story, although I recognize it is fiction.  It kept my interest up throughout.
 It was a very nice and pleasant surprise to be able to read this book again via the free Kindle e-copy.  Thank you!
 Got this at a great deal and enjoyed it very much. Way better than the movie and written well. Definitely worth a read.
 I am a huge Dan Brown fan and this book started it all. have read all of his books, and I started Inferno today.
 I couldn't put the book down.  The suspense and mystery of trying to solve the puzzle had me wondering. Truly gripping
 Fun read and interesting. A different way to look at the Bible. If true it would change the world for sure
 I am a fan of Dan Brown and love to reread this book.  A real page turner. I always find something new that I missed before.
 I like this book when it first came out and I read it then.  I've enjoying it again, its a super read.
 Took some time to read, but I loved the story and the history that came with it. Interesting and educational.
 I have always wanted to read "Da Vinci Code" and was excited to be able to get it on my Kindle.  Great BOok
 Dan Brown hit a homerun here.  This book has an awesome story line and really keeps you wanting more.  The action is fast yet easy to keep up with.  Brown has a great way of making you feel like you know what's going on in the story, but still surprises you in the end.  Read the book first, saw the movie second, and the book was MUCH better.
 This one is another page-turner, very exciting and informative at the same time.  I really learned a lot while being thoroughly entertained.
 The book was exactly as described - if not better! The book was absolutely flawless. I'd be challenged to go to a retail store and find a book in as good of condition as this book was sold and shipped to me. The price and the turn-around was fantastic!
 This book is a great read!  It's a little challenging but definitely worth reading if you're in to mysteries and thrillers.
 ...read this years ago.  It's such a classic!  Dan Brown is an amazing author!  This book (and then the movie) was phenomenal!
 Love it.  Keeps you reading to the very end.  Better than the movie. Lots of details and intrigue to keep the reader reading.
 I first read this several years ago and have watched the movie more than once. I have been rereading the book while waiting in Doctors offices for the last couple of years. I much prefer the book. Would recommend it to anyone who likes a good story.  Also enjoyed his first and third books.
 Dan Brown is fabulous as mixing facts from real history seamlessly with fiction - it is hard to know what is coming next. Loved it.
 If you haven't read Dan Brown I suggest you start here. Get this free book while you can and enjoy.
 I've read this before but I love having it on my Kindle. Loved the movie, love the book more. Great.
 A good book that keeps you intrested.  I never wanted to put it down. I want to find more Dan Brown books.
 Have read this book several times. I keep coming back for more. Dan Brown is a great author. Check out his other books.
 Loved the book, and all Dan Brown books, they keep you on edge from beginning to end, the stories are all plausible.
 I found it very interesting and enjoyed the historical background.  Dan Brown is an excellent writer and am looking forward to reading more of his books.
 Fun read. Very thought-provoking. Much better than the book! I enjoyed it though I enjoyed Angels and Demons a bit more.
 It makes you think. This could very well be true. I had no idea this went on in the Catholic church.
 Read this when it first came out and loved it. Read it again in preparation for the sequel.  Remember it is fiction.
 then this book is for you! I did not like it at all. I am sure there are lots of people who will like this style of writing.... I don't!
 I really enjoyed this it is well written and keeps you guessing a must read for the fan of mysteries.
 I would definitely recommend this book to others.  It kept my interest, is a good novel.  I also saw the movie but enjoyed the book more.
 I actually preferred "Angels and Demons", but greatly enjoyed this novel as well.  Lots of action, short chapters and a well-crafted plot are characteristic of Brown's Robert Langdon novels, and this doesn't disappoint.  Much better than the movie!
 I got this product in a good condition. Thank you very much for your quick shipping.
 This is one of my favorite books that I have as an adult. Such a great read and it pulls you right in from the beginning.
 Yes, I realize the movies been out for awhile, but I am as intrigued with the book as I was the movie.  A definate keeper.
 Loved every single minute!  I have become a Dan Brown fan for life. I will read every single book that he writes!
 If you loved the movie, then you will love the book! While the movie was great, there were parts that couldn't be included due to time constraints. Growing up catholic made this book very interesting &amp; enlightening
 This was purchased as a gift for my son-in-law.  He told me that he enjoyed it very much, and couldn't put it down.  "He really likes me".
 I have learned a few things as I went through this book. Keeps your attention. Not too convoluted. nice reading.
 Good book. Not my usual read, but was a nice change of pace. Very entertaining book with different points of view.
 I liked this book and I recommend it to others. But i liked the first book, Angels and Demons, better.
 I've read this book many times, and was so happy to have found it in the kindle store for FREE.. I have enjoyed every book Dan Brown has written. An excellent read!
 I have read this book a number of times and it never gets old.  Great story.  Thrilling and exciting!  Makes you think a lot after you finish reading it.
 Keeps your interest, lots of facts with layers. Interesting story line with twists and turns. The story does not dumb down the pieces as they are presented to you.
 This is the kind of book i've been looking for for a long time.  A susspense thriller, that kept me wanting to read more and more.  Before i knew it the book was done!  The illustrated version really does help the imagination.  I can't wait till the movie comes out this summer!
 Always a good read. Compelling and a great overall story some people get hung up on the religion thing but I love it
 I see why the book was controversial back in the day.  I guess controversy sells.  The book was a nice distracting read on the commuter train.
 As a thriller, Dan Brown got The Da Vinci Code just right.  As a historical novel, it's off in a few places, as is his geography.  If you can suspend your disbelief enough to get through that, though, quite an enjoyable read!
 I absoutely loved this book and still have the hard bound copy - I just wanted a copy for my kindle.
 a favorite for sure, just had to have it on my kindle, its nice to be able to read anytime i want !!!
 it is excellent it has gripped the world, so much to that they made movies and video games of it.<br/>and the questions are still there, is it true?
 The Davinci Code was well written, as well as the rest of the books in the series, though the romance  seemed a little forced.
 What can you say about this awesome story? Much better than the movie, but you should see the movie too!
 Have read Dan Brown's books and enjoy the thrilling mysteries.  There is always lots of action in his books. Well known.
 I just could not put this book down once I started to read it. Story was full of suspense and excitement.
 As always, Dan Brown's novels are highly addictive and very fun to read. Always on the edge of your seat!
 The illustrations in this book make a great book even better.  We love it!<br/>Book was in great condition as well.
 I'll be blunt: If you liked this book you are an idiot. You know nothing about good writing OR about the Bible. I made it 2/3 of the way through before I tossed the book against the wall. The charactors are made of wood, got sick of the cliche bad guys and cliche cops, and got relly tired of all the facts being distorted or just plain wrong. What a waste of time.. The more I hoped it was going somewhere, the more nowhere it went..
 Really like this novel. and movie. I read it many years ago and still remember the big surprise it gave me at the first paragraph.
 It's a close tie for me between Angels and Demons and this book, real page turners.  You do have to be alert when reading though or little clues get past you.
 worst history ever, but is a great read. the "facts" are not facts at all, and are made up, but structured in a way that convinces you.  its a page turner
 I would surely recommend this book; it kept me interested, could not put the book (kindle) down. I loved it.
 The first time I read this book I really liked it and each time i have re-read it I find more intrigue in the story.  It is a really great read.
 This book kept me on the edge of my seat.  I couldn't put it down.  I would highly recommend this book to others.
 This book had me looking for every chance I could get to read it.  I had seen the movie first and while I enjoy the movie, I loved the book even more so.
 This is a must read for mystery lovers. It is one of those you just can't put down. Looking forward to this authors next book.
 I have never understood the controversy surrounding this book. To my mind it enhances faith in our heavenly father - it doesn't undermine it at all.
 I like the character development an d the pace of action.  Always keeping you on your toes as you guess at the next step.
 Good book. Great read . Can not wait for my son to read it . He will like it too.
 Very suspenseful novel with twists on the truth to make it really interesting. Very thought-provoking. A bit graphic in spots.
 Be prepared to loose sleep.  Fast paced historical fiction with cover to cover thrill.  Could not put it down once I picked it up.
 As with all Dan Brown novels this book is chock full of details showing Dan's wonderful deep research into his topics.
 I really enjoyed this book. Loved the suspense. Lots of action and cool historical references. Ends really well. I would definitely read more books by this author.
 No question : this book is worth reading. What I liked about it is the questioning of our faith and by this asking as what is you believe in.
 don't start if you intend to put it down before you finish...just a warning it is that good trust me !! :)
 This is Dan Brown's best novel - fast paced, well written - will keep the reader engaged If you only want to read one book written by this author - this is definitely the one
 saw that it was free for a day - I own the paper back but now it's on my kindle too.
 Thoroughly enjoyed this book! I remember when it first came out and I bought it in hard-cover, I could NOT put it down.
 This is an awesome book. I try to read it when ever I have time. When I finish it I am renting the movie. Best part is I got it as a free download. I would have paid for this book though because it was that good!
 my son spends hours reading, this is a child who had no interest in reading, a friend recommended it to him
 It is very useful book. I learnd a lot of knowledge from this book. It is very nice. I love it.
 such a wonderful book that really makes you think!! I thoroughly enjoyed it!  I highly recommend it... could these events truly happen our have happened...we'll never know...
 Easily my favorite book. It just never gets boring and has very interesting yet historical ideas that you can mull over and Google when you have some extra time. It makes you want to learn history, and its a heck of a read.
 it is very good, I think it is worth reading and I will suggest it to my friend. I will continue to pay attention to more books
 I've read this book twice and I liked it even better the second time. One of those books that I just didn't want to put down. Too bad we have to sleep and work and .....
 Love the books by Dan Brown, I  really enjoyed this book and it was a page turner for me! enjoy
 I saw the movie first and liked it.  The book gives me a lot more to keep my imagination active and a little more detail and background
 I love Mystries, especialy when it has to do with my beliefs. I learn alot of history because I trust the author to do his research. I feel that Dan Brown does his.
 Hard to put down once you start.  I think almost anybody would enjoy this book. And I got it free. Life's good.
 Dan Brown's writing style leaves a bit to be desired. It could have been a better book in my opinion.
 A really terrible book, no redeeming quality.  Plot is very thin.  Characters unlikely.
 I absolutely love Dan Brown. He does a lot of research to make sure his books have both actual facts and fiction all in one. I will continue to read the Robert Manson series as long as it's written. Haven't been disappointed yet.
 Good liked it nice information simple easy to follow good good good good why write more it was good ok
 This book must have involved years of research! I love the way Dan Brown weaves historical facts, European locations and fiction together to create an intriguing tale!
 I love history, and I love mysteries. Dan Brown does a fantastic job of instilling a sense of true historic significance into the story,  woven into the mystery of the ages.  It was a fun book to read, and I didn't want to put it down
 But, it is a clever and intriguing yarn. Don't let it shake your faith. All in all, very entertaining. Recommended!
 Layers upon layers of intrigue and puzzles.  Definitely more approachable and compelling than Inferno or Angels and Demons.  Good read.
 This is an outstanding novel. I would strongly recommend this book. I couldn't put it down. I saw the movie also. Both kept me engrossed in the plot.
 Brown writes like a 6th grader. If you haven't read this yet, don't. Watch the movie instead. It's one of those rare instances where the movie far, far, FAR exceeds the book. Again, the story is interesting but Brown is a terrible writer. It's just painful.
 A free book is always welcome here!!! Great read, been wanting to read it for years now and it's reviews lead me to believe that it's worth it!
 GREAT SELLER. It is as described and quality is outstanding and Fast Shipping.<br/>cheapest price anywhere else in the market.
 This is an interesting book. I recommend it strongly, if you enjoy a good mystery story. However, the plot is somewhat contrary to Christian doctrine.
 I always have been a huge fan of Dan Brown and these book was excellent. The storyline was intriguing and very exciting.
 Yet another thrilling novel by Dan Brown. As Mr. Langdon travels across Europe on the search for the Holy Gail we unravel the mysteries of the grandfather of Sophie and the curator of the museum. This rollercoaster of events will surely leave you reading at an speedy pace and leave you wanting more at every page.
 Fascinating story by a puzzle master. A great mix of good story and interesting history.  Anxiously awaiting his new book 'Inferno'
 I really enjoy all of Dan Brown's novels! While some have been critical of his 'lecturing ' I like the explanation and attention to detail.
 A great read..imaginative, witty, twisting plots and a learning experience to be had in the meantime.  Who could ask for anything more?
 Love having this book and am reading Inferno now.  Had lost my copy of this book so its good to have it back with the free offer.  Thanks Amazon!
 I think Leonardo would be very proud of Dan Brown's intense and intriguing novel. Very well written, the scenery was detailed, the plot intense! Perfect example of a perfect book!!!
 C'mon you guys who gave this book a bad review - IT IS A NOVEL! Who reads a novel to study art history! Or Christianity, for that matter, isn't there already a pretty well known bestseller which more than covers THAT angle? This is a fast paced, intriguing story which fascinated me from beginning to end. And I'm always appreciative of authors who refuse to devote at least half the plot to meaningless sex scenes. Don't listen to the negativity, everyone I know loves this book.
 It was excellent!  One of the best books I have read.  It gave you an idea about what goes on in the catholic church.  It is a novel so I don't understand all of the controversy.  People can't just be entertained.  It always amazes me that authors can come up with these different stories.
 Loved the first page till the end. It opened my eyes to so much I never know but still felt all is possible. Recommend everybody to read.
 I love all of Dan Browns books. Theyy always have something to teach us. Fast paced and exciting from the start till the ferry last page.
 awesome great read could not put it down great writer. intriguing believable rapt from chapter to chapter highly recommended by me
 it was a joy to read, I would highly recommend reading it. The plot made for interesting reading. It was hard to put it down.
 I didn't like this book, it is against my morals.  Not my type of reading material.  Will know better next time.
 My first adventure with Dan Brown is my favorite.<br/>I was disappointed in the movie because the book is so well written!
 This book is great and keeps you totally captivated.  It is a very hard read to put down.  A Must read!
 Excellent read ... I couldn't put it down.  More elaborate than the movie.  A true treasure hunt of sorts.  Great.
 Like Stewie Griffin... I. LOVED. THIS. BOOK.<br/><br/>I read the whole thing over two days and found the whole experience very enjoyable.  What a great gem.  But stay away from the movie.
 This has always been one of my favorites books and is a must read for anyone who enjoys reading. I am not a mystery person really, but Dan Brown has a very pleasing writing style
 Dan Brown is a fantastic author and I have loved everything I've read of his works. His storylines are gripping and I can't put down the book.
 far fetched, but I knew that going in. I think Dan Brown was/is over-rated.
 I did not read it fully as I watched the movie...Plot is similar to movie...
 OK, the plot was compelling. The writing, however, was common and predictable. This novel is NOT literature and no one can say that this is a beautifully-written book.
 bought this as a gift for my son because he reads a lot and he is enjoying it very much.
 I read this book when it was first released and loved the quick pace and interesting story. Had to grab it for my e-reader while it was free.
 I decided I wanted to read this book after seeing the movie.  I was not disappointed.  Very fast paced.  Think about it--the main characters do not sleep during the course of this book!
 I love this book, though I have not yet watched the movie. I heard heard there is big contrast between the book and the movie.
 This was a great book and a fast read.  I finished it in 2 days.  Even though I had seen the movie I really enjoyed the book more than it.
 This story doesn't get old.  I read it when it first came out and then again when the free digital version came out and its still great.  The pace is continuous...there's no "boring parts" to skip through.  The suspense is endless and the ending is still exciting.  Love this one!
 Once again another movie made from book and the book is AWESOME to read. Enjoying the book greatly. Love Robert Langdon!
 also loved Angels and Demons and can't wait to read the next in the series.  Hope its just as exciting.
 Tjis was a good story but not a great story. he has written better.
 It is difficult for me to imagine  how this book ever became a world renown best-seller. Ther is absolutely nothing in it which would be of interest to an average intelligent person. The so called sensation is hard to conceive and attempts to be inresting are too weak. I undesrtand that ther exist an either sequel or pre-quel? Good luck!
 I liked Angels and Demons and Symbols a lot better.  More interesting from my viewpoint.  Not bad, but not great either.
 Good but not great. Way too much time spent "explaining" all the background theories and conjectures. Distracted from the mystery and in many cases made outcomes obvious.
 Watched the movie, saw that the book was offered for free, what a good read! Would definately buy the next book in the series!
 havent gotten all the way through it yet but its very promising, I've been told to read it a million times so i finally got it for free and figured id give it a shot :)
 Saw the movie first but the book is more suspenseful &amp; enjoyable
 Since the book has been extensively reviewed, I will not review it here. But it spoke to me on the power of organized religion, and how it has monopolized the very personal nature of one's individual faith.
 I read this book along time ago before watching the movie. I love the theory behind it.  It really makes you stop and think, what if.
 Great book, so much history. I learned so much from reading this book and it kept my interest throughout. I love the character Robert Langdon.
 Grabs your interest and keeps it to the end.  As a Christian I don't agree with some of the story, but a very good read.
 I liked the Biblical innuendos of this story. I got my attention, and was amazed at how much more I learned about DA VINCI. This is a good thriller. Thanks.<br/>Robert
 Awesome read KEEPS YOU HOOKED FROM PAGE ONE NEVER WANT TO PUT IT DOWN . excellent character development and plot lines
 I've wanted to read this book for a while and finally got a chance when the publisher released free e-books as a way to promote the author's new novel. It's definitely in my top 10 books.
 I usually don't read "what everyone" is reading but this was was my exception. Great storyline. Intense. Very informative also.
 A masterpiece. Mr. Brown made a great job putting together so many intricate puzzles and facts about Da Vinci's works.
 Huge plot holes, false tension, and mediocre characters.  Not much else to say, other than I enjoyed some of the puzzle solving.<br/><br/>Meh.
 This a good intresting book not based on fact. Some christians have taked bad about this book that became a major motion picture, but it is not factual.
 Even after seeing the movie it was a very good read.  Wish I spoke French to understand all the French terms better.
 Enjoyed the read.... read it completely on 2 trans-Pacific flights. Looking forward to the next book in the series &amp; many more
 This is better than Angels &amp; Demons and any other Robert Langdon book. Since I have been to Paris it makes much more interesting.
 much rather the illustrated edition to put pictures with words. this was wonderful and I plan on getting all illustrated from now on. great buy.
 Dan Brown does it again.  This was a great read.  I could not put the book down.  Kept true to Dan's writing style.
 Actually i have read this book before but it was in Chinese version. The English version is pretty different though, it is much shorter.<br/>But i is better than Chinese version.
 I had seen the movie a while ago but reading the book placed a lot of the puzzle pieces from the movie. This is also a great history lesson. Easier to absorb from a book than a movie.
 Entertaining, a bit difficult to believe in total, not an especial y good book for a first time reader ,
 I read this book years ago. Liked it then. Now I have it on my Kindel, so I can read it again anytime.
 I love Dan Brown.  Have read this book at least twice and look forward to reading it again.  Enjoy it.
 The novel held my interest. It is a good thriller. Dan Brown's work was also thoght  proviking. It was better than the movie.
 Great read even for the second time.  Dan Brown has very good ability as a writer, develops his characters within the book.
 I have read and re-read this book.  Each time picking up a few more facts and pieces.  I highly recommend this novel.
 This book was great. It had mystery in every chapter and kept me wanting to read more. I love all of Dan Brown's books and I am a fan. I would recommend this book to others.
 Keeps you on the side of your seat the whole way through. Love Robert Langdon, great character; excited to read more of his adventures. Also love that Dan Brown gets facts to support his book!
 It is was a good read.  Well written and kept me from doing other activities because i wanted to know what was going to happen next!
 Good story, well developed.  Keeps the reader interested.  Good use of history to draw the reader in with twists and turns.
 For those who question Christianity this could be a historical approach to what really happened and why catholics act the way they do today.
 This book challenges the senses and makes you wonder.  Is it true, real, false, make believe...it will provoke your inner self.
 Fantastic read!! Gives lots of info on art and religion. Cool mystery narration.
 This was a good read. Many twists a real page turner.<br/>I never knew so many things about Leonardo. Brown had my attention from the start.
 It's a good book with a great start but moves a little slow but it speeds up fast and is a great read
 All time favorite read. Couldn't put it down. Can't wait for his new book coming out in May. I read the excerpt and I'm hooked!
 A truly exciting book.  I couldn't put it down until I got to the last page.  Cant wait for the next
 I love Dan Brown, always exciting, thrilling and unexpected twists and turns.  Can't put it down!
 While it isn't my favorite Dan Brown book (Angels and Demons is my fav.) It is definitely amazing. Love it!!
 It keeps you guessing and trying to solve the mystery throughout the story.  Spellbinding!  I loved the descriptions of the locations and it brought back visual images of my time in Italy.
 The best book from Dan Brown.
 Never read it.  Came with my PC Kindle.
 Angel and demons is better but this book is fast paced and a great read. Enjoy reading books that take place in Europe. Looking forward to reading the lost symbol.
 Good story, well written, absorbing and entertaining.  Fast paced and complex, I look forward to reading more books by this author.
 Love a good well researched, well written thriller!!! Brown keeps you intrigued until the very last page. A definite page turner that you will not want to put down.
 I thought it was very well written and I loved the story. I have read other books by Dan Brown and I loved all of them.
 I liked this book very much, and I should say that the illustrated version helps the reader to better understand the story. It is very engaging from the very beginning
 Dan Brown is an amazing author! I highly suggest giving one of his many books a try! There is always amazing adventures that makes you never want to put the book down!
 great book from a great author.  a real page-turner.  spawned a movie. epic read. get it now, then get the rest of dan brown's books. you won't be disappointed.
 The story has the potential to be good, but in the end, Dan Brown's lack of skill as a writer makes this a disappointing read.
 Very entertaining read.  The Da Vinci Code contains enough factual information to keep your attention.  It was a very quick read for me.
 We do have this book in paperback and the movie. Like having this book electronically, so that I can read it whenever, wherever I want.
 What a fantastic edition! The pages are high quality, the pictures are absolutely beautiful; they completely enhance the book.
 I 've read it in hardcover. Now my daugther ask for it but she wanted for Kindle. Logic, she is actual.
 This is a good book, but it is slow. I mean it takes place over the course of like 2 days. I would recommend it however there are books that I would recommend well before I would recommend this one.
 Love the twists and turns of a mystery while those mysteries of the past creep into the story of the present?  Then read the Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown.  Excitement and adventure await you. See if you can solve the mystery before the professor can!
 I have wanted to read this book ever since it first came out, and I finally got to it.  I'm so glad I did.  It has opened my eyes to a new perspective and the storyline is terrific.
 This book was suspenseful and very well written. Dan Brown is an excellent writer and I would highly recommend this book.
 A must read book awesome !
 I love this book it is such a good read I have read this book twice now and it just makes me think!!!
 This is one of the most amazingly written books i have ever read. I had always wondered why this book was so controversial. But after reading it...the suspense...the action...with truths and facts thrown in...well...that's how how a book is supposed to be written. I would read this book over and over!!!
 A wonderful action adventure story loaded with historical tidbits. The elements of symbology are fascinating &amp; by the time you finish this story, you will have a lot of new symbol trivia in your repetoire.  A very enjoyable novel!
 Super writing!!  Great suspense!!!  In addition, you learn history in a mysterious thriller. Read for yourself and follow the characters as they find the answers.
 I love this book. Read it when it first came out and have re-read it several times since. A good, fast-paced read. It will have you asking questions.
 Loved the Fibonacci angle. Spurred to review Phi and other math concepts. I had seen the movie years ago. The book is much better!
 I really like the story since the very first time read it so chose a 1st printed ver.. It is totally acceptable with a book which published 10 more years ago in such condition. But just the way being packed or due to the delivery made it so. It is hardly not to write a comment about that.
 I would highly recommend this book as an excellent book. It kept me turning the pages anxious to read what happens next. I would not take any of thus information a  absolute fact and would do my own research about the frail and all of the symbology
 Loved the authentcity of authors research and his ability to build suspense!  Enjoyed reading this book down to the last pages!
 This was my second time reading "The Da Vinci Code", and still very enjoyable.  Books like this are hard to put down.
 Very good book. And for the price it was a no-brainer. It was the kind of deal that gets you started reading more books.
 This book made me think and re-think opinions and ideas I had held for many years. The mystery only added to the enjoyment. I love the "puzzle" aspect of this style of writing.
 An excellent read with amazing pictures and prints of works of art that make the moments even more enrapturing.
 I enjoyed the twists and turns the plot took to tell the story of Da Vinci's Code and hiding place.
 I got totally caught up in it the first time I read it. Could not put it down. Was recommended by my sister and did not let me down. Have since read this book 5 more times. Loved it!
 Best book I have read period.
 Awesome product!
 Why did I wait so long to read this book?  It lived up to all the hype!  I loved it!!
 No comment
 This is a most fascinating book. The author weaves a tale that is so believable that you almost forget it's a work of fiction.
 would love to read it again
 It is what friends had told me it was. Nothing I will finish reading or read again. Don't like it.
 If these "facts" are true, it says a lot about Catholic authority.<br/>Nicely written, can't pot it down once you get into it.
 this is one of the best books ive ever read! getting it free was like christmas! best deal ive gotten so far
 This book kept your interest because it had a lot of different mysteries that you had the opportunity to guess what came next.
 Intrigue is always interesting and Brown weaves very well. Every book I have read that he has written has kept me page turning, and yearning to get back to it when not reading. The Da Vinci Code rates right up there with the best.
 I love a book that's so good you can't put it down once you started. This is one of those books. I highly recommend it.
 Dan Brown is usually a good read.  This one doesn't disappoint.  Lots of symbolism and conspiracy make for a convoluted plot.
 I love this book, the energy and excitement just keeps going.  Love all Dan Brown books, can't wait for Inferno.
 I enjoyed reading this book again.  Lots of suspense, and surprises.  Very enjoyable.  Read it in two settings, and will seek out more books by Robert Landon.
 Once you start reading you won't want to stop. This is one of the best, if not the best quest story I have ever read... You dive into a world of symbols and history, adventure and suspense like never before.
 In general, I liked this audio book very much.  I began listening to it on my way back home from a trip to vegas.  However, I was only about 1/2 done when I arrived.  So, I found myself driving the long route back and forth to work so that I got to listen to more of it on the drive.<br/><br/>About the time I got back home, there was an online news story about Opus Dei, and how that organization wasn't terribly happy about this book because it talks about them in a way I guess they feel was unflattering.  I found this interesting, since prior to that I didn't even know Opus Dei was real!  This only increased my eagerness to listen to the book, since I like stories that have roots in reality.  I have absolutely no knowledge of biblical figures or stories, so until this point, I had no inkling that the story was anything other than total fantasy.  I guess that it still could be.  I do know, however, that as I described the plot to a good friend who is very religious, he scoffed at the storyline.  I wonder if people who are heavy into Christianity and biblical lore will be able to listen to (or read) this book and enjoy it for the fictional story that it is?<br/><br/>There were a few twists that I didn't see coming, and a few that I did.  The ending was OK but left a few minor details, in my opionion, unfinished.  And Dan Brown obviously knows nothing about firearms, because if he did, he'd know that Glock pistols do not have a safety lever.<br/><br/>All in all, I enjoyed this book, and would recommend it to others.
 This is perhaps one I the most engaging prestigious books I have ever read ever. In the history of ever.
 I first read the book traveling in France. This second reading vividly reminds me of the wonderful visit to Paris and the landscape
 I Picked it up and couldn't put it down.  Classic suspense page turner.  Great novel in the Dan Brown series.
 My sister first bought this book for me and she told me to read it, I am glad I did because it was a great book. A must read by everybody. The book is 100x better than the movie..G
 Originally read from a borrowed paperback, watched the movie and just had to put onto the Kindle.  Very well written,<br/>interesting and good story.
 good
 Book was very interesting from start to finish.
 But historically inaccurate. As proved by DNA of Merovingians. the Holy Grail could not be what it is purported to be in the book.
 I've already read this and I bought it for my 12 year old. I had to write a negative review previously because the vendor shipped so slowly.<br/><br/>Excellent quality. Just like I bought it fresh off the shelf.
 Excellent<br/>first chapter has you so involved you can't stop reading<br/>Must read other Dan Brown books they all keep you on the edge of your chair
 Great Read. Dan Brown is a very good writer. Looking forward to the new book. Had the DA Vinci Code in paperback but Kindle and Amazon Cloud is a better way to store my Library.
 ok
 I tried to read this a couple of years ago and undoubtedly was not in the mood.  I am glad that I decided to give it another try.  It was fantastic.
 Dan Brown knows how to get readers hooked on a story and keep the excitement coming chapter after chapter. I enjoyed this book and will read it again.
 I never loved art or cared to learn about artists until this book.  It is so intense, and creative.  Then, I loved watching the movie to follow it.
 I loved this book from the first time I read it.  I find Dan Brown's writting to be entertaining and compelling.  I got the 10th anniversary kindle edition of the Da Vinci Code and I have completely enjoyed reading it on Kindle.
 great!
 Gripping novel.  I have read most of the novels by this author.  Does a great job of weaving story with details.
 Wish I had read it before the movie. Much more enjoyable than the movie. Must read.Highly recommended. One of the better books I have read lately.
 The illustrated version was very helpful and there is a better understanding of the story.
 I'm not a big reader but if you're into a little fiction (don't misconstrue, this is fiction) and an easy read, pick up this book. Very, very entertaining even for a non-reader like myself. The movie was awful though, don't waste your time watching it.
 I was thrilled to have been offered this book free to download on my kindle.  I found it hard to put the book down.  Thoroughly enjoyed it.
 Fun read, especially if you are going to visit any of the sites in the book.<br/><br/>Holy Blood, Holy Grail covered the topic a bit more academically, and is a good follow up.
 Dan Brown is a good writer and I like his books, they catch the reader and keep you interested the whole book through. Even like the movies they made from it...
 My son loved the illustrated version of this book and so did I!  Some of images really helped me to grasp some of the more obscure references in this book.
 Took me a while to get around to reading the book, but i'm glad that i did. I found it to be much better than the movie, and will be reading the rest of Dan Browns books shortly.
 Excellent thinking story line. Characters felt real as did the subject matter. Mixing history with fiction gave it that extra punch to keep me reading and question it's many possibilities. A keeper to read over and over.
 Usually I love Dan Brown, but for some reason I lost interest midway though the book. As if once I knew that big secret I didn't care as to how the rest of the book panned out.
 Great book - hard to put down
 Great read
 too silly too silly too silly don't buy it, too silly can't say much more than too silly, except very readable lol
 I GAVE IT YO MY GRANDSON TO READ
 Great and interesting read. Story line keeps you involved and makes you ponder what really may be the truth. Recommended Read.
 I would recommend this book to anyone who loves an excellent mystery filled with history, symbolism, rituals, secrets, discovery, intrigue, and The Vatican...what more could one want....
 The story is very exciting, and it moves fast, keeping the readers' attention. It also presents background information on historical facts. I love historical novels, and this  book is a mystery surrounded by history.
 I read The Da Vinci Code, when it first came out, I recently found it available for download, and thought I would read it again. It is still a very compelling book to read.
 Brilliantly Written!! I don't believe in the Priory Legend. But the historical details and artwork explored were fascinating to say the least.
 It was great suspenseful. Some times I could not put it down. It was tax time so I had to put it down. Great read .looking forward to more of this author.John
 The story was hard to follow as well as it seemed to go on and on before getting to the point.  I almost quit reading it several times but thought with it being Brown's book it would get better. I was disappointed.  Mulege_Billye
 I'm sure you've heard all the controversy surrounding this book.  Well, remember, it's JUST A BOOK - it's fiction and should be read as such.  And it's GOOD fiction, it keeps you interested and moves at a great pace.
 Great book. Love to read it. Thanks Amazon and Dan Brown for the offer. I look forward to the next offer.
 Great story! I bought the Spanish version for my dad and he loved it also. Very intriguing and entertaining. Definitely recommend it BUT keep an open mind.
 Love it. One of my favorites. An expert mix of fact and fiction, done is such a way that it is difficult to tell which is which.
 Great Book - less than average in condition.  Would probably not buy from this seller again.
 One of my favorite book characters has to be Robert Langdon. First Dan Brown book I've read. Just wonderful like the rest of his other books.
 Great product and fast delivered.
 Fascinating story line, and plausible. I had read it before, and read it again. Still a good read. Could be possible, and would not be encouraged by the church.
 I Don't think Dan Brown could write a book I didn't like, And his is upcoming new release is much anticipated.
 Dan Brown does it again.  An entertaining follow up to Angles and Demons. A fairly quick read that had me entertained from beginning to end.
 This book is an amazing read that keeps you at the edge of your seat. I was unable to put the book down because of all the twists in the plot. This is by far my favorite novel by Dan Brown.
 It was a great read that intertwines fiction with reality. After you read the book, it still makes you think about the truth of things in reality.
 Great book, but I had read it already.  My son wants to read it, so I really downloaded it for him.
 This book is full of suspense and intrigue.  I was hooked from the very beginning and absolutely could not put the book down.  I would definitely recommend this book.
 Excellent book about religious symbolism through the ages.  Don't know why I waited so long too read Dan Brown.  He has such a way with words!
 this book is so interesting and head on. literally finished within two days.. i couldn't put it down! angels and demons is next! i loc
 Great product and I could not beat the price -  Hope to see more examples of ebooks hitting the net to allow for libraries to grow!
 I downloaded it because it was free, and I've always meant to read it, since it caused such a stir with its release. But, honestly, it was predictable, dull and took a while to get past the exposition.
 Books are always better than the movie... I lost interest within the first couple chapters.  Glad I didn't have to sit through the entire movie.
 I thought the book was very interesting, but quite frankly I could not see how the world went nuts over it!
 I downloaded this book by promotion code, so it was free. It was awesome, especially after you watched the movie and read it again.
 Excellent, thrilling, realistic, historically-intriguing, somewhat-factual, good, damn read. Thank you Dan Brown for offering a free download of The Da Vinci Code on my kindle. :) xoxo
 Not to worry- god will not strike you down.  A flood perhaps but, then you are in good company with all
 This is one of the best books I have read<br/>Very weak written. The author keeps every moving<br/>I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a book they will not want to put down.
 Loved the suspense. A big fan of Dan Brown books. Very intriguing and informative. Definitely will be reading it again.
 The book is even better the second time I read it.  I had forgotten how much detail Dan Brown puts into the book.
 Great read.
 The Robert Langdon series is my favorite of Dan Brown's books, but I also enjoyed deception point, and digital fortress as well. His novels always keep me guessing.<br/><br/>Randy
 I first read The Da Vinci Code in hardcover a few years ago..Still an excellent book! Very intriguing. Hard to put it down.
 This book kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time. I highly recommend this book! It's a great thriller
 This was in a box of books I got at a garage sale for 5.00. I started reading it because I was bored and after i started it I couldnt put it down. It was fabulous.
 I really liked this novel. The twists and turns of the plot kept me on the edge of my seat.
 This book had me up for hours! I finished it in three days. My mind is still spinning from all the details. Definitely worth reading. No one should miss this book.
 I liked the way the dots were connected together at the end of the book. Although I saw the movie but could only understand it completely once I read this book.....<br/>Happy reading.....
 I love Dan Brown's stories. Once again I found this hard to put down and couldn't wait to get the end to see how it all unfolds. Loved it
 excellent.....well done!! Well written, well researched, Dan Brown keeps you i8nterested from page one until the end, a real hard book to put down.
 It's great novel I see the movie than reading the novel.<br/>Novel become more interesting and  worth reading.<br/>Most interesting novel I read
 I am just saying what everyone is/was saying abou this best seller. Gripping story and very well researched. Got to know many things about vatican and christian religion.
 This book is one of the best I have ever read. The suspence and the turns and twists, I love it. I cannot wait for the next one to come out...:)
 fast paced, good characters and a very good story blends all the different mytho;ogies together . really did enjoye it
 even if you have seen the movie read this book.  the book is better than the movie.  it,s excellent read.
 It is amazing!!! I could not put it down.  I had to buy the movie immediately after I finished the book.
 This book is so poorly written, so filled with improbable coincidence, superhuman stupidity, historical absurdity, weak porn, etc. that I can't finish it and have asked family and friends if ANY have finished it. None.
 It was definitely a great read. Had a lot of symbolic references and I can see why so many people were against it. It does make you open your eyes and see the symbolism around you
 The book Kept me interested.  I could not wait to pick it up again when I had to put it down.<br/>I recommend it.
 Love the novel and movie.  To me it all makes sense and sheds light on history about religions and their respective histories.
 Not Biblically  correct even though it implies it is
 I could easily put my self along with Robert Langdon!  I have also read Angels &amp; Demons!!  As I read it I remember when I went to Rome and visited all the churches with my cousins.
 The book is very well-written, The story line is very exciting, compelling, and entertaining. I love Robert Langdon. This book is simply the best of all Dan Brown's.
 Easily the best book I have ever read. This masterpiece has shook me to the core with suspense and detailed action. I highly recommend it.
 The book read like a James Bond movie.  I continued reading to see what would happen next in the story.  I found the book intriguing.
 I am attacking Angel and Demons next! There is plenty of interesting historical facts and anecdotes which make it very interesting....far better than the movie! Wish I had read the book first though!
 I actually read the book prior to seeing the movie.  Excellent book.  Good Movie.  Every detail is painted thoroughly with words.
 Fun to read. Do not try to take it seriously. Just enjoy story well told and gloss over any misinformation that you uu. uncover. It really does not matter a.nd it helps move the storyline.
 Good light reading.  If you want to brush up on art history and Mr Brown`s take on it, this is a good book to start with.
 Really really good read, a definate page turner. Couldnt put the book down. Would highly recommend to anyone questioning it. Have been recommended myself a couple of times by other people too
 A good read.  Subject matter not conducive to all aspects of the various religions of the world but, a interesting topic to be discussed.
 First book I read of Dan Brown.  Excellent novel.  Keeps reader entertained through whole story.  Would recommend book to anyone.
 This book is one hundred and five chapters of heavy-handed polemic, bubble-wrapped in conspiracy theory.  A defter touch would be appreciated.
 I found this to be a really great book, it was full of intrigue and really made me think what if...
 It was very very fast paced quick to read and made me honestly think. Love the book can't wait to read his other work
 Read it again and it was like reading it for the first time.  One of my all time favorite books. Simply excellent!
 Great book! I could not put it down. Dan Brown is an excellent author. I have read all of his books and cannot wait for the next installment in the Da Vinci Code series.
 Amazing story telling. Backed by solid research which engages you.<br/>Kindle edition is good, no page missing or jumbled words/paragraphs.
 I enjoyed this book from beginning to end.  I kept looking up things while I was reading it to validate the information and learn through the whole process.
 read Angels and demons first, because if you like this book you will want to go back and read it, and some of the book will be spoiled
 Grabbed my interest right from the start, easy to read and follow right to the end. This book encouraged me to read more of Dan Brown's books.
 Facts packed with thrills. Keeps you engaged throughout. It sure is much more ahead of its predecessor Angels and Demons.
 Very well written, keeps you in suspense. Not as good as angels and demons or the lost symbol, but develops the character of Robert Langdon very well
 It was an interesting read. Keep you on the edge of your seat . Didn't want to put it down..
 My only dislike is that the book isn't longer.  Still a fun book to read while traveling away from home, perhaps to Paris, France.
 Definitely a great fun read.  Highly recommend it.  Much better than his other books.  Hope the next one is as good.
 I had heard about it so I ordered and read it. It is very good- well written and presented.  Good job.
 Suspenseful, exciting telling with wonderful details and keen cultural/religious observations.  Much better than the movie version. Felt it was a great learning experience as well.
 Epic book that takes real places, real things, and facts and weaves a tale unlike anything I have ever read before.
 Just an excellent book! Well written and interesting. I had watched the movie first  and found the additional info helpful.
 Was a great page turner. Didn't want to put it down. Had to keep going to see what would happen next.
 Fantastic book.  It reads like a movie.  Short, powerful chapters that will sweep you along. Good luck in putting this book down once you start.
 It was really intriguing! In fact I am a huge fan of Dan Brown &amp; I love all his books.
 I loved this book as I do all Dan Brown's.  I thank you for giving it free.  It was so kind of you.
 Why must I do this to show 100% complete? Amazon needs to change this ridiculous setting. Also requiring a minimum number of words is asinine. Amazon you suck
 Riveting!  Keeps you on the edge of your seat. Fast paced action start to finish, no slow down. Love the series.
 One of my favorite books!!! I love the mystery and the way the book flows..
 This is not the best book to read if you are looking for religious "enlightenment" but the plot is overall suspenseful and the ending is not at all what I was expecting.
 I got this really good book for free. Thanks a lot amazon for that. If you can put mor books for free I would be really happy.
 I read this book in 2 days. It is a great book with great symbolism that really make think outside the box.
 Very entertaining and informative. keeps you on your toes on wondering on what happens next and want to do your own research on the paintings
 Dan Brown The Da Vinci Code is excellent as are all his books.<br/>highly recommended for all and religious people should read with an open mind
 A fun read for a novel of fiction. Written to sound true, but a good mystery with twists and turns.
 Couldn't put it down till the final page was read. Great read that had me guessing till the end. Terrific.
 Awesome the first dan brown book I've read. It was fast paced and even though I had seen the movie first.
 Awesome read!!!! I love Dan Brown's novels. I am very excited for his new one Inferno to be released! I also hope that The Lost Symbol is made into a movie soon.
 As an art historian, I was hooked at the title.  The prose is smooth, the story is complex and interesting.  I recommend reading it.
 Enjoyable and suspenseful with an extremely surprising ending.  Would recommend it to others especially my Catholic friends.  They need to be shook up so more
 Robert Langdon is a beast. Dan Brown is a genius, blending fact, fiction, and widely notorious conspiracies into wonderfully thrilling and highly contagious fun.
 Love Dan Brown and all of his books!  I've read them all!  They are captivating and you can't put them down once you start reading!
 Great mix of mystery, facts, culture and character.  Keeps you reading.  Chapters not to long and interplay among characters good
 fascinating blending of church history with modern themes.  Includes, suspense, love story, devout faith, biblical exegesis, geography and historic buildings
 The story kept my interest and it was thrilling.<br/>The book had an ending I wasn't expecting and I will probably read it again
 The condition of the book was very good and the contents very very interesting, I highly recommend for good reading
 The book is well written and keeps your attention all the way thru. It is very entertaining, and having been to some of the places it made it more realistic.
 Great book, worth the hype, looking forward to his next opus. While pure fiction, had a reality edge. Good make believe history
 Great fiction mixed with history. Takes the reader throughout Europe on a mysterious trail to find the secret of the Templars.
 Thanks so much, i have bought and read this book already when it first came out in paperback but will now reread on my kindle since you were kind enough to offer it free.
 Easy to read and interesting throughout. Never a dull moment and constantly keeps you thinking the whole time. A must read!
 Excellent novel.  Keeps you turning pages.  I could not put it down.  The author, Dan Brown, has written several more novels in this genre.
 I've waited a long time to finally read this and it was worth the wait.<br/>I also enjoyed Angels and Demons.
 I read the Chinese version years ago and watched the movie as well. The book I got was for free. So I dont have reason to not be satisfied.
 Wonderful! This is such a good book. The ideas in it are totally feasible. It makes one think,and can easily open many a closed mind!
 Very practical to have it on line.<br/>is best to read this way, no big books to bother.not expensive at all
 I like the Kindle app and the dictionary.<br/>Especially the dictionary is so helpful in Kindle app.<br/>Thanks for that
 I have read almaost all of Dan Browns books. Packed full of adventure and interesting discrption. His books are always well researched
 The ongoing adventures of Prof. Robert Langdon, traveling through Europe, to decipher the secrets of The Da Vinci Code. Excellent read!
 A fun twisting tale that engages the mind. Riddles and secrets that turn and double back. Of course the movie has nothing on the book.
 The Da Vinci Code is one of my favourite books. I enjoyed reading it, despite the fact I was reading this book second time. Awesome plot an characters !!!!!
 The book was easy to figure out but the concept was interesting. Not a bad book for summer reading.
 I just not finished the book and its got to be one of the best book ive read so far!
 Write your review here. (required)<br/>Who would you recommend this book to? Mom<br/>Why.did you chose this rating? I enjoyed it more then the movie.
 Great thriller with interesting historical information. Exciting plot until the end. Really cannot put this book down. A recommendation to all.
 On edge, well written book. Ready for the sequel. The ending was a good place to finish a novel. No major cliff hangers, just the urge to look for more novels.
 This book and the other Robert Langdon adventures are the best books I've ever read. I can't wait to get Inferno!
 I read the book in hard cover and was surprised the things I missed.  It not only an enjoy it was a religous histery gold mine.
 A lot of conjecture but a good story and interesting read. It prompted me to further investigate the validity of the subject!
 sss ssss sssss ssss ;alsfkj sadf;lsaj  a;flkj f;lj ;lkja f;laj  ;alkjf ;aslijf  ;lkfj a;ljf ;alfj as;lfj a;l ;  ;lkafj  fsj
 This is a very good book haven't finished it yet. I would say so far 90% of the book is just like the movie. Still, I enjoy them both and was glad I saw the movie first. I do plan to get more of Dan Brown's books.
 I thought the book was great.  I read it twice and would read it a third time.  Symbolism was good and the bit of romance between the characters was just right.  Loved the action and the history.
 I started to read this book in a my Kindle, and i am loving. i dont finished to red yet.
 This is a book I can read again and again. The first time I read it I had a very hard time putting it down. Amazing read!
 Not as good as Angels and Demons
 Great book - I wish it didn't end!  And this is the 2nd time I've read it and I still found the details refreshing.
 I am not sure yet they have not come up yet!!!  I will need time to see what they are doing???
 A good read better than the movie.<br/>I would recommend this book to anyone. Dan Brown has a great grasp of intrigue and history.
 Amazing book. Thrilling to the last page. Can't wait to read his other books. Would recommend this to anyone looking for a great read.
 The  author keeps you engrossed in the story.  You have to remind yourself that this is fiction.  Dan Brown is an excellent author.
 One of da best books I have read!!! Itz a real page turner. It will capture u all da way to da end!!!
 It is a very well written exhilarating thriller. Like the book because it transports me to France in a heartbeat.
 It was very interesting with lots of drama. I had heard alot about this book and finally felt good to read it.
 Prompt delivery and good pricing.  Can't ask for more than that.
 It is a very interesting and exciting book once started i could not put it down so I had a couple of late nights
 The movie was very good, but the book was excellent.  Even if you saw the movie, it is more than worthwhile to read the book.
 I enjoyed the book very much. It was a good read and hard to put down. I'm not sure why everyone was in such a uproar about it. It is clearly a novel and should be treated as such.
 Mysteries get the mind going and this one sure did! A very well written book with a thought provoking subject.
 Enjoyed it as much as the movie.  I forgot that there were a few diferences, but not worth mentioning.  enjoy.
 nice to have it conveniently on my phone!  thanks for the freebie!  great deal and love amazon.  woo hoo hoo!
 The hardback book was in good condition but I was disappointed there was no color cover with it, as shown in the photo. Misleading.
 My favorite DB novel, a fun read. Good action and narrative, but could have done without the love sub story.
 Read the hard copy when first available, but downloaded book to re read as I thought it was a great book and so much more convenient reading on the Kindle versus hard cover book.
 One of the Best books of that year by Dan Brown, just can not put away awesome reading, full of twists..
 Really good book. Although I like more Angels and Demons, this is an excellent second adventure by Robert Langdon. =)
 I would recommend this book to every one it is incredible and crazy good I want to read it again ;)
 I love it. It is a nice book. I bought this for collection purpose.I have watched the movie based on this book.
 I drive long distances and this was a great book to listen to. I had seen the movie but of course this was much better. Very pleased with this purchase.
 eh it was ok I like video games yay kindle iPad erasing forever yay swag I like electricity yay :)
 Great book cover to cover..I have read it twice..I can't wait till The Inferno is released, it is next on my list.
 Brilliant, binding to the last page as always Dan Brown at his best. Great read. Highly recommended. Will not dissapoint!
 This was a great book, well written and executed. I would recommend it to everyone to read and enjoy! Fantastic.
 Any time I can read something and it keeps me guessing right up until the end and then I'm still going....wow! didn't see that coming is a joy.
 This book will keep you up all hours of the night reading because once you start, you can not put it down. I love Dan Brown's writing style!
 Download worked great and i am very happy with this product. i will purchase again in the future. Thank you
 Gabbed me and never let go, read this first a long time ago before a movie, etc. Amazing books all of them!
 The book was very interesting in its review of history and the surprises that has to do with the Bible.
 Dan Brown is Brilliant cant wait to read all the rest. I know I'm late to the party but fan non the less!
 I liked it better than the movie.  Intriguing story and arrived in perfect condition!  I would recommend to anyone looking for a little intrigue in their life.  Sheryl
 Just dislike all the way. Nothing more to say. Fake and unreal. Would not tell others about it. Should not be on a shelf.
 Dan Brown's novels are all very good reads.
 Everyone read this years ago, but I just got around to it - loved every page! Good character development and super story!
 This is the first book that attract me to read the rest of Dan Brown's story.  I love all of them.
 happy good story
 Had to read it for English. Best book I've ever read for school. Thrilling with lots of cool historical information
 I really like this book a lot, I will recommend to buy it and have in your kindle or Bookstore
 Great read, although it is initially hard to follow it is well worth it! Now I must see the movie!
 I read this book a few years ago and loved it.  This book makes you stop and think what if?
 The only way to read this book is the illustrated version, not for the factual representation but the historic value.
 I may be one of the only people in the world, but I hated this book. Tried to read others by the author, but cant. Just think it a crazy stupid book
 the audio version, unabridged of course. If you plan to see the movie, reading the 454 page thriller would be a task, unless you have lots of time. It's pretty dense. The cassette moved quickly &amp; you can always rewind. Lots of intricate plot twists &amp; turns with the sneaking hunch that some of it may be true. There are revelations about the mother church that disturb some Catholics, &amp; they condemn this book. Yeah, that will really slow down sales won't it? It's  valuable for secularist also. It's a really thrilling story. Starting with a murder in the Lourve in Paris that brings out all sorts of plots &amp; subplots. Historical questions are raised that would interest most literate people, such as the possiblity that Jesus Christ married, had a daughter &amp; thus may have descendants to this very day. Who is the Mona Lisa? Maybe Da Vinci in drag? Lots of stories for the history buff on Da Vinci's work, the Knights Templar, the location &amp; the earthly remains of the Virgin Mary etc. She had a history after Christ,s birth &amp; so much more. Too much to cram into one small review. Listen to the tape &amp; review it here. I hope the movie does it justice.
 I love a good thriller, and I've have nothing against a good feminist gospel, not to mention a paranoid conspiracy involving the Church Fathers, not to mention some colorful background about Mary Magdalene (preferably, before she stopped sinning). I'm sorry to report that you'll find none of that in here. This is a dully written book based on second-hand recycled research. You won't find much that is thrilling, and any revelations are decidely boring. The undeserved success of this book baffles me.
 Spell bounding, edge of seat reading!
 Only book my husband really enjoyed
 Haven't read the book yet, it is part of my summer reading series, can't wait for the weather change to enjoy!
 Only very few book comes close to this one!
 yay
 amazing book. very good write up by robert langdon...
 Great book. Need to read more Dan Brown.
 Great book.  Every one should read it
 Good show learned a lot
 Since this book was displayed everywhere and such a hot topic--<br/><br/>I just had to read it. Towards the end it was utterly painful-<br/><br/>I was wore out with all the twists and turns. Sophie and Langdon<br/><br/>always managed to escape just at the very last minute. Awe come on it's just not possible.I kept reading this book because I<br/><br/>wanted to find out who THE TEACHER was--it was never revealed<br/><br/>and this is unforgivable.The idea that Jesus may have had an<br/><br/>alternate life is very interesting and something to ponder but<br/><br/>please do a better job of writing the novel!
 As described
 The way Dan Brown mixes in true and fabricated facts makes this an extremely interesting book.  Keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time.
 Great book....movie was terrible.
 Second used book and it is perfect.
 I've read this book a few times, in at least two languages, and it's just wonderfully exciting every time! I've seen the film, but the book is by far more interesting.
 Great book!
 Thank you!
 I was told that it most likely will not get here before Dec 24th (even though I ordered it about a week before), so I was prepared to receive it much after Christmas. Then on the 19th, it came! Nice.
 Dan Brown launched a whole new genra of mysteries with this book. Even if you just want to read about great art and the world it lives in you won't be dissappointed by The Da Vinci Code.
 This is a very good historical novel. It makes you think of what may be possible. You do need to keep an open mind as you read it.
 Interesting story. Good insight into Christainity and particularly the Catholic Church and all it's myths and sinister historic fables.<br/>Murder, action, mystery, travel - it's all in here.
 Previsible<br/>Intriguing i didnt like it it was full of common places and situations in all the situations. Good personages
 Robert Langdon a symbologist and Sophie Neveu a Cryptologist are paired together to solve the mysterious murder of a very respected Louvre Curator. Before dying of a bullet in his stomach, he has time to leave clues around the museum so that a secret he is the last living person to know about would not be lost forever. The 2 main characters are racing against time, trying to translate anagrams and solve riddles before both the police and some obscure religious group get their hands on them and what they are about to discover.<br/><br/>The book is fast paced and written in a very simplistic style which makes all the weird religious stories in the book easy to understand. THe book starts off pretty well, it has quite a few suspensful moments which will make you keep turning pages. But as the story unfolds, the author seems to try and create too many twists, some of them way too far fetched. The ending is very anti-climatic and extremly disappointing. The characters remain very superficial throughout the story, they seem to have no feelings and you are left with the impression that you are reading about robots rather than human beings. None of the characters are interesting, i did not get to care about any of them and what would become of them. I've heard Steven Spielberg is going to direct the movie with Tom Hanks staring as Robert Langdon. I'll be very surprised to see how Hanks can portrait such a dull and boring character.<br/><br/> ...]The underlying theme of the quest is absurd and i can understand that it would offend christians, mostly catholics. Yet this is fiction, it's supposed to be entertaining and not rewrite history. So if you are a devouted catholic who is very touchy on the subject of religion, this book is definitly not for you.<br/><br/>It seems that everyone is reading this book these days and i had high expectations. It's just all hype, it's really just OK. Based on the idea of the story, the author could have done a much better job had he thought more about the ending and given a lot more depth to his characters.
 I am finally reading this book.  Can't put it down!  Fact or fiction, it is really ood or thought.  Good transaction, too.  A+
 This book was bought from the "New" category but the cover had some scratches and tears on it. I like to collect books so not overly pleased with this purchase.
 One of the pleasures of reading fiction is the ability to suspend reality for awhile. Within that context, however, the plot needs to be believable. For example, in science fiction, the author will lay out most of the 'rules of the universe' early on, for example, 'takes place 10 or 100 or 500 years in the future', 'government is now galaxy-wide', etc., etc.  The basic premise in THIS book is that a number of people can keep a deep secret for 2000 years, and that NONE of those folks would be confronted with a motivation to break ranks (successfully, anyway). He also mis-states a fair amount of history: one example, overstating the number of gospels that were floating around before the Council of Nicea.<br/>Sadly, I think the real motivation behind this book is simply anti-Christian, and more specifically, Vatican-bashing.  I suppose if it's subtle enough, people will get sucked into it, but frankly, the plot was just too stupid for me.
 Dan is an amazing author! If you haven't read this book, you gotta read. It will satisfy some of your curiosity about the history of religion.
 I'm very disappointed,, I purchased this book to be delivered to them &amp; the book hasn't in English, but of a foreign language
 VERY NICE BUT HAD SOME BANGED UP CORNERS :/
 The book itself is quite good, and the illustrated version is a big bonus. But this copy arrived from a bookseller (not Amazon) and the book smells of mildew and cigarette smoke. I am not very fussy about smells, so at first it did not bother me. But after about 70 pages the smell was really distracting. I could only read the book for about 15 minutes at a time before the smell of mildew drove me away. I highly recommend the book itself though. It is a real page turner and the first time I read it (the version without the illustrations) I think I read the whole thing straight through without stopping, because there are no breaks in the action. I guess I am going to have to leave this copy out in the sunshine and hope that UV rays and time can repair the mildew problem.
 Just as worthless as Angels and Demons. I only gave it a 1 because I can't give it a zero. For a supposed "expert" he's really clueless.
 If the reader is into possible and like to think that what if, think this. What if this was true and there is a individual (s) walking, talking, and having what we call a normal life, but is a off spring of the two lead persons. What would happen to the church the human interactions, and the world as a whole in the belief of a religion and of a man.
 I think Dan Brown is an excellent author. this book was fascinating and held my attention on every page. I love the concept of this story - I love the way he weaves Catholic history throughout the story! Loved it!
 i have read this book at least twice and watched the movie heaps one of the best reads ever. he is truly an excellent story teller
 I love the book and the picture. All it take you into the history reality. Very nice. I also recomment it as gift for someone you like.
 This book has opened up a new world of thought for me.  It has presented religion in a whole new light.
 It is hard to read because it has many old words. However, It is very good to know about code
 Wow this book is great!! I think Dan brown is a master!!! No one can compared to Dan brown!! :)) 100% satisfied!! Another Pulse quicking adventure of Robert Langdon!!
 A little too in depth for this reader.
 I ordered the new copy of novel, but they sent me the used one, though it is in decent condition, they should have mentioned it on ad as used instead of new
 This audio cd was a little difficult to get into at first, but once we did, my husband and I could not stop listening until the end (we bought the unabridged audio cd).  So much information, we wanted to be able to stop and "google" all of the "facts" that are presented here.  This is a great book!  Now we are anxiously awaiting the movie!  We highly recommend this audio cd.  The reader was very good, and as intriguing a novel as we have ever encountered!
 great author and awesome story. it is a collection of art, history and some newly invented theory of bible study. very interesting.
 I got this book on a promotion on Kindle free.  It wasn't worth that much.  The dialogue was horrible, the "facts" were ludicrous distortions and the characters made cardboard look three dimensional.  I am dumbfounded by how rich this utter dreck has made Dan Brown.
 I really didn't care for this book or the 2 movies
 I ordered it in French.
 Interesting more then factual
 sorry, its very difficult to me to submit an opinion because I speak English bad.<br/>I have liked this book because its entertained, the text is clear and cover my porpoise of passing good time and for many more things.
 Found the book I was looking for, thanks!!!!
 DISCLAIMER:  I'm not Catholic and have little interest in the proclamations of organized religion.  That said, it greatly saddens me that The Da Vinci Code (TDVC) is the "hit" it is.  One of the central arguments made by the book is post-modern feminist and runs something along the lines of "the Catholic church ruined civilization by denying the female influence of our culture which they found threatening to spreading the gospel by men."<br/><br/>This is ludicrous and I'm conflicted that Brown's book has put me in a position to defend the Church!<br/><br/>Brown's thesis assumes several things:  the last 2000 years of civilization is primarily a result of Western influences, and these influences started at the time of Jesus.  No mention is made of pre-Christian patriarchal western societies (Hebrew) or Asian patriarchal societies.  It's not like Christianity has been the only influence in the entire world affecting all cultures.  And sorry, no matter what nasty things that the Church has done (and the list is long, very long), I'm not going to blame it for a complete and total attack on women.  The fact is that in many present cultures (such as the Catholic societies of Central and South America) the genders do not clash nearly as much.  That the feminist movement of the 70's in the United States hasn't brought about domestic bliss for either gender is hardly the fault of the Church.  (Now if only the Church would come to grips with things like birth control, the world would be a happier place.)<br/><br/>Brown further "astounds" the reader that secular leaders (such as the Roman Emperors) use religion as a means of cementing earthly powers.  I'm shocked!  Why, imagine if the United States had a President who very late in life becomes "born again" and then claims to be evangelical to justify a series of controversial decisions, doing "God's work" as it were.  Or is it cynical of me to bring that up?  The point is that religion has always been mixed up in secular politics and it is unfortunate that readers apparently see this as a new idea.  If people were less ignorant of the history of their religion, then secular leaders would less be able to manipulate religion for political ends (sort of like the situation we presently have in the United States).<br/><br/>Lastly, the "deep" mathematics Brown discusses can all be found (and in a much better form) in a delightful movie "Donald Duck in Mathemagic Land".  No doubt that followers of TDVC will point out that this is Disney's attempt at spreading the gospel among the young.<br/><br/>The structure of the story give false suspense by simply leaving out key bits of information at the author's whim.  The writing, as mentioned by previous reviews, has something to be desired.  The only interesting puzzles are solved tens of pages before the solution is revealed if one has even a passing knowledge of math, art, and Da Vinci.<br/><br/>Compare this book to another wild best seller of 30 years ago:  The Godfather.  Despite the operatic feel, that book is one that is worthy of multiple readings (albeit at the beach).  It's hard to imagine one wanted to read The Da Vinci Code a second time.  Unlike, a mystery like, say, The Sting, where once the secrets are revealed, it is still enjoyable, TDVC evaporates when you know the plot line.<br/><br/>If you want to use this book to spur your curiosity about a host of subjects (especially Da Vinci) by all means, indulge.  But you would be better off getting the above Disney movie, "The Power of Myth" by Joe Campbell (so you can see how all religions tend to borrow from what is around them), and a decent art book.  The only good message that this book contains is that adults should not go around believing in fairy tales and myths as literal truth.  Of course, most religious people won't want to hear that believing as they do that their relationship with "God" is more important than their relationships with other humans.
 The audio version of "The Da Vinci Code" was well done and it reinenforced what I had read in the hardback version.  I've listen to it several times for "understanding" and each time come away with something new.  I would recommend that Dan Brown's "Angels &amp; Demons" be read prior to "The Da Vinci Code" to serve as a prelude.  Excellent addition to your vehicle's CD Collection.
 Now I see where all the views undermining Christianity are coming from. This is really sad because it is also undermining the morals society is based on.  It is a different view, but does not take in fact that Da Vinci was born about one thousand years after  Christ left this earth. So why would his views be even concerning.  It is so sad there will be people who will believe this tripe.
 A wonderful read.  Learned a lot and really enjoyed the book.  Didn't want to put it down.  I was in Italy recently and saw the Last Supper so the explanations of the picture and other things we saw was right on.
 Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code is an incredible fiction, intertwined with actual history and religion.<br/><br/>I am not a religious person, never have been, and nothing has done more in my lifetime than this novel, to interest me in learning more about the Bible. Having completed The Da Vinci Code (a super quick read, this one is difficult to put down), I found myself investigating parts of the novel in reference books, and online to forge my own opinion on religious background.<br/><br/>People who know me, are amazed to see this, and I have quickly spread the word about the greatness of this novel so that they can see for themselves. Friends and family have returned from reading it themselves, with a keener interest in finding out more about the origin of the bible too. The word of The Da Vinci Code is spreading!<br/><br/>I found Brown's references to art and history absolutely incredible and so well researched. I can no longer skip past the art section in the local public library without skimming through Da Vinci's artwork to view 'The Last Supper' in appreciation of Brown's perception to key details.<br/><br/>Some people have commented in their reviews about Brown being preachy in parts, and talking as if in a lecture. In my opinion these parts are vital to the success of the book, as they provide the reader with an important understanding which is a necessity for such a complex theme. I for one appreaciated this information with no prior background in religion.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is without a doubt in my mind the single most profound novel I have ever read. I already have, and I will continue to promote it to those who have not yet discovered Brown's fascinating work.
 just wasn't my cup of tea;
 In very poor condition
 I personally did not enjoy it.
 The book is in excellent condition, and the seller delivered the item in a timely fashion.  I actually had read the story once, and this is my 2nd time to read the story.  If you haven't read "Da Vinci Code," then don't miss out this great work of Dan Brown's.
 The one thing to remember in reading this book audio or hard copy  is it's a Novel not a documentary. The author has done an excellent  job of making forgotten history interesting although his interpretation of the facts are for dramatic purposes.<br/>I dare say more people will have an indepth opinion on the works of<br/>Leonardo da Vinci than ever before.<br/><br/>Also I will say this I found it a little odd that Dan Brown's murder victim<br/>had to rearrange his own crime scene and remove his clothes just to leave a simple clue. Ever heard of a note.
 Since I won't be able to go see the places in person. I thought that this would be one way to see them. Also great story too.
 I've never read a book that kept my attention from beginning to end they way this book did. At almost 600 pages, this book has intriguing information or plot twist on almost every page. There was never a dull moment or filler. I couldn't put it down.
 Love that it's set it Paris. As a novel, it keeps me entertained, which is all I need. I like that there is some history to it, but I'm not the type to fact check and see what's real and what's not. I'll be looking forward to reading Angels &amp; Demons soon!
 This is NOT an illustrated addition, so annoying. I guess I'll keep it and read it anyway, so that is my review
 NO COVER JUST A PLAIN NAMELESS BOOK
 The sent me another book...  Really disappointed...
 Dans a talented author and in general I enjoyed the book. Plot development is almost brilliant. But his agenda is very clear. He seems to be primarily interested in calling into question the very legitimacy of Christian doctrine. He presents a lot of "facts" which are clearly aimed at discrediting the Catholic Church and Christianity as a whole. This agenda is so clear as to be distracting. This guy obviously has unreconciled issues from his past.
 I can't appreciate the author's attempt at presenting opinion as fact, and misrepresenting the Bible in the way he has.
 This book is well written, fast pace. I love how the chapters are short. It is an interesting read and highly recommended. I couldn't put the book down.
 Yet another attempt to defile the person of Christ.I threw it out.
 I saw the movie. Seems there was a debate whether this was fiction or naught. History tells us that Charlemagne got the higher ups in the Catholic Church and devisenone bible. ×with so many pages they had decided to r÷mont ×hat was controversial and negative about Abraham or Noah and who knows when Caine was cast out to start out I*shown tribe that other people existed. These things were kept out and we had one bible.  Now we have nitrous versions. Did DiVinci code exist the Vatican is not transparparent.
 The book was interesting but for someone to it as the gospel that there exist a lineage to Christ in existence today is ubsurd!
 <div class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block" id="video-block-R3HC8OZCJNVWMJ"></div><input class="video-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1tr9flKbaS.mp4"/><input class="video-slate-img-url" name="" type="hidden" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81wi4nQvBzS.png"/> Horrible watch attached video
 I agree with those giving this book a low rating and am also surprized after all I had heard about it. I first read Greg Iles' book "Footprints of God", which was recommended by Dan Brown, and liked it very much. So was disappointed with Brown's highly touted book. The big deal seemed to be the "secret information" that Jesus was married to Mary Magdeline with whom he had a child, which the "Church" was supposed to go to all costs to hide. The only Church mentioned is the Catholic Church, who supposedly wanted to label Mary M a prostitute so they would not have to worship her and could have a patriarchal religion - what nonsense! There was NO mention of Mary the mother of Jesus, whom the Catholics do revere. No mention of the possible reaction of the protestant churches to all this. A complete neglect of the really important question: did Jesus really rise from the dead and does he exist today as a living spirit who can change our lives and save us from our sins? No metaphyical aspects at all, no quantum theory to explain Jesus walking through walls. Just a whole lot of people commiting murder over the almost insignificant point of whether or not Jesus had married. Give me a break! But I guess a lot of people liked it so what do I know? I postpone my first book again!
 I never received this book, and cannot give an accurate review on: it, the condition it was said to be in, the seller, or anything else to do with it. I can honestly say that this is the only time I have had a less than favorable experience when ordering through Amazon.
 Enjoyed listening to this book on cd, great for people who commute in a car, found the book very suspenseful, had a hard time leaving the car when I arrived to my destination.
 Even the novelist’s fantasy license has some limits. This one certainly crossed the line !! And in in-appropriet way.
 I could hardly stand to turn my CD player off once I started listening to this "book." I found the book fascinating. I'd never given any thought to the Holy Grail before this book, but found myself doing independent research on the subject after completing the CDs. Whether the premise of the story is true, fiction or otherwise, I can't remember the last book that grabbed my attention as this one did.<br/><br/>The narrator, Paul Michael was fantastic! I've since begun a search for other books he's narrated.
 Premise of book is garbage. Why poison your mind with such flawed and misleading thinking?
 Hard to read
 What a difference three years makes! Even though it contains all the same tropes and motifs that Angels &amp; Demons  did, The Da Vinci Code eliminates the fluff and focuses on the strengths of these individual pieces to create an enthralling adventure through Christian history. I will admit that I first read this book because I was curious about the controversy that surrounded it. While Dan Brown is a fantastic storyteller, and many of his connections and links to Christianity made sense, I still maintain that, at its core, The Da Vinci Code is just well-written fiction.<br/><br/>This time around, Robert Langdon is much better suited for the task of finding the “Holy Grail” instead of being a glorified Roman tour guide. His expertise in symbology certainly helped to drive the plot forward, even if it sometimes was in a misleading direction for the sake of a twist. I did appreciate how, even if a clue wasn’t immediately used, it came back into play later to help round out the plot. It wasn’t just a series of “find me a rock” exercises, but had a parallel set of intersecting strings and subplots that drove the story forward to its exciting conclusion.<br/><br/>And while the female protagonist was much more developed than the one in Angels and Demons, the villains also had more depth to them as well. Instead of a few individuals using the name of a huge organization like the Illuminati to create the conflict, a singular man with a singular goal helped to create the “chase” that propelled Robert Langdon across Christendom to find the Holy Grail. While both The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons share almost identical plot structures, the former shows that the execution of such a story is truly what makes one a great read and the other an exercise in eye-rolling.<br/><br/>An exciting treasure hunt filled with fictional historical connections, I give The Da Vicni Code 4.0 stars out of 5.
 I decided to read The Da Vinci Code largely because of the storm of controversy that followed it’s release. I had never heard of Dan Brown, nor was I particularly well educated around the bible, so my decision to read this book was a little bit of a surprise one. I was not disappointed.<br/><br/>The book follows the main protagonist Robert Langdon, a Harvard University professor of symbology. He is disturbed by the authorities in the middle of the night, having been implicated in the murder of the museum curator at the Louvre, Paris. With the assistance of police crypotographer Sophie Neveau, they embark on a quest to clear his name and find the real killer.<br/><br/>The book itself is a fictional work, but Dan Brown has done an exhaustive amount of research into the history and development of Christianity, and the sacred ‘Holy Grail’. That said, I decided to take the book on face value as a thriller, and my decision to read it was rewarded.<br/><br/>I’m not going to provide any spoilers in this review (the book is documented well enough to allow everyone else to do that), but what I will do is make a few observations about the book itself. The way that the story flows is seamless. The pair go from Paris, taking in London and Rome. The scenes are beautifully set placing you right in the thick of the action. The pace of the story is fast throughout, barely allowing you to pause for breath. I found the way the book was written allowed and often forced longer spells of reading that I had planned. The chapters are short, often ending with a hook, urging you to read “just one more”. The twists and turns of the plot leave you second-guessing what is going to happen next.<br/><br/>For some, the subject matter of Christianity would put them off reading his book. As a non-Christian, I had no issue with reading this book. If you do read this book, I am certain that you will enjoy it for what it is; a well-written, fast-paced thriller that will have you glued to the pages.<br/><br/>Reviewed on Whispering Stories Book Blog
 The Australian comedian Charlie Pickering commented on radio on 23 February 2018  that The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown is an objectively terrible book.  That inspired me to write this review, since his comment raised the problem with differing views in discussing literature.  My opinion, shared by millions of readers, is that The Da Vinci Code is a great book, using the surface plot as a vehicle for conveying deep wisdom and insight.  The fact that Pickering does not get that shows the superficiality of his comedic echo-chamber culture, in my view.  People like me, because of my opinions about Brown etc, are patronised as stupid by the arrogant attitude that Pickering expressed under the cover of humour, and can often feel intimidated into silence.  A book club can enable genuine respectful dialogue, without prejudice.  Such ignorant assertions that put down people with different opinions should be strenuously avoided.<br/>Dan Brown’s The Da Vinci Code was based on the ideas in the book Holy Blood, Holy Grail, that the Latin phrase “Sang Real” or “Holy Blood” was the coded meaning of the “San Greal” or “Holy Grail”.  In Latin this alleged simple code works just by moving the letter G from the end of the first word to the start of the second, transforming Sang Real into San Greal.<br/>This Masonic idea of the sacred bloodline of Jesus Christ as the real hidden meaning of the holy grail, the cup used by Christ at the Last Supper, involved the legendary claims that Jesus married Mary Magdalene and sailed from Israel to Marseilles to found the Merovingian Dynasty of the early kings of France.  This story allegedly became an esoteric secret tradition behind Christianity, describing the real royal identity of the anointed saviour.  Held within the Knights Templars and Hospitallers during the Crusades, and then among the Rosicrucians, the fellowship of the Rosy Cross of alchemical fame, the trail leads then to Roslyn Chapel in Scotland as featured in The Da Vinci Code.<br/>The symbolic idea expressed in Dan Brown’s theme of symbology, his fictional Professor Langdon’s subject, is the masonic theme of holy blood as holy grail.  The meaning of the parable emerges in the claim that The Last Supper by Leonardo Da Vinci, his greatest crowning work, encodes Mary Magdalene in the fresco by secretly depicting her as the beloved disciple in place of Saint John, at the right hand of Christ.<br/>My view is that this material, whatever its truth, can open valuable conversation about the real meaning of Christian faith, its historical origins, and its possible use of symbol to convey deep truth to initiates.  To simply and utterly condemn The Da Vinci Code, as Charlie Pickering did with his trite comments on ABC radio, is to suggest to listeners that all of the above messages deserve no interest at all, or perhaps that Mr Pickering regards the whole of religion with such disdain that his secularising crusade aims to protect his flock from any contaminating influence of faith.<br/>One can well imagine Mr Pickering pleading a headache were Dan Brown invited to his book club, enabling all those mysteries of the kingdom to pass him by.
 Robert Langdon is an American professor of Symbology who finds himself suddenly thrust into a dangerous plot involving two separate Church organizations revolving around the Roman Catholic Church. Tensions and steaks both rise as Robert Langdon works hard to not only escape but to find out the truth.<br/>Okay I say that this is unfortunate because I have, very unfortunately, made a grave mistake with this book. That is that I have seen the film first before reading the book. Let me explain...<br/>Although this book is very well written and obviously extensively researched, I find that because I have already watched the film and there really aren't any surprises for me in all the back stories of things and characters mentioned in the book that it is more daunting to read then it is fascinating as probably was the original intention.<br/>I also feel like having watched the film first and enjoying such a fast-paced story that the book just seems long to read. I know what's coming even with the settle differences between the book and the film and I guess I am wanting more of that fast-paced that I get in the film when unfortunately I don't feel like I'm getting it from the book. Dan Brown writes his chapters to be very short and I believe that he does this in order to add to the thrill and the pace of the book but unfortunately it did not work on me.<br/>I really just think that watching the film first has ruined the book for me which is very very unfortunate because this is obviously a very good book that a lot of people have enjoyed but because the movie is so dear to my heart I feel like the book just doesn't stack up to it. And I have to say it like that because the movie came first for me. The DaVinci Code is one of my all-time favorite films and perhaps that was my first mistake when picking this book up.<br/>So I say as a warning to anyone that has yet to get into the Dan Brown series, please read the books first and then watch the films. Otherwise you may suffer my unfortunate fate as well.<br/>Even with my forlorn position on this book, I would still recommend it to just about everyone. Especially those who like mystery, thriller and espionage books.
 Dan Brown writes fiction. He weaves a tale around historical tidbits. This is what historical fiction is all about. It is the readers job to take what they can from reading the book, then maybe they can go out and research the topic, and then formulate an understanding of what took place. Not all historical items are well defined. Without technology like we have today a lot about history was not recorded or at least not well recorded. This allows authors to weave a story that involves some fact and even more fiction.<br/><br/>Now begins the controversy.....which I find curious as I would think Angels and Demons equally controversial to the Catholic Church. Their conclave process was called into question. Over history the conclave was always political but Brown makes these politics a central point in Angels and Demons. Even more so I would think Inferno to have created a public uproar as well as Brown's most recent book, Origin. Brown is consistently a best selling author so I don't think he has fallen off the public radar.<br/><br/>The Di Vinci Code.<br/><br/>In the middle of the night, Langdon, is called to the Louvre when a curator has discovered a dead body covered with strange symbols. Robert Langdon works with a cryptologist to unravel the clues hidden throughout the city. Another secret society, the Priory of Sion, is involved in keeping hidden histories greatest secret: did Jesus and Mary have children? I<br/><br/>I can see where this may call into question everything that the church has taught their followers. Dan Brown is not the first person to call this theory into question. It is an interesting topic that has many different angles according to the historian telling the story. I found the topic interesting enough to do my own research.<br/><br/>Grammar - 5<br/>One thing you can count on with a Dan Brown book is the amazing writing and editing.<br/><br/>Plot - 4.5<br/>The topic was very interesting. It is a fast paced thriller. Brown takes the reader on a thrilling ride that contains just enough "on the edge of your seat" tension to keep the reader engaged.<br/><br/>Believability - 4.5<br/>Brown does extensive research. The one funny point that holds me back from a perfect score is the main character. Don't get me wrong, I love Robert Langdon, he is very likable. I sometimes can't mentally get past a college professor who's  topic of interest is symbology as someone who dodge's bullets and catches bad guys.<br/><br/>Ending - 4.5<br/>The story had closure. Even though this is a series each book in the series could be read as a stand alone. The one constant between the books is the main character even though he tends to have a new, female sidekick in each book. One benefit of reading the books in order is that you do get to know Robert Langdon's eccentricities, such as his fear of tight spaces, but if the personality quirk is important to the story line Brown makes sure to point it out.<br/><br/>Price Value - 4<br/>When Brown's books initially come out they tend to be more on the higher end of the cost scale.<br/><br/>Overall - 5<br/>This series has it all: suspense, drama, romance. It appeals to a wide audience.
 The book is written well, however, the story has no truth to it.<br/><br/>In my book of the bible it is written different. I hope the author will some day find the truth about Jesus, who is not at all, what he writes about. He is not just someone that has a fling with some woman. He is the Savior of mankind and the son of God.
 It's taken 13 years to gather the courage to get around to this book. Being raised in an Anglican family and having attended a Catholic high school in a religious Caribbean country, this book was notorious for being devil worship itself.<br/><br/>Now that I've read it, I absolutely understand why. Brown's claim in this work of fiction would ruffle any feathers. Historian or not, it certainly gives convincing arguments for such a controversial and sensitive subject. Regardless of factual accuracy, this book was a thriller AND a work of fiction. The religious commentary and banter were primary _tools_ that made the plot more enticing.<br/><br/>The characters were each well-developed enough to feel invested in them. I enjoyed the wild goose chase that made this thriller a thriller. It had a yummy plot twists and thrill boosters built in. Just when you think the main characters are safe, someone's on their tail again so they're back on the move. Quite fun!<br/><br/>I chopped a star because it felt wordy and repetitive at moments, periodically allowing for feeling like the book was being drawn out. Thrillers are best with nail-biting climax and satisfying denouement, yet Brown drags those final chapters along for reasons I don't understand.<br/><br/>I'd read this book with a highlighter. Even if one doesn't care for Christian references - fun, easily Googled details are a treat. Such as the word 'villain' coming from the word 'villager' and the negative stigma attached to living outside of the city.<br/><br/>Brown hasn't convinced me to join fanbase, but I do recommend this one as a thriller among the best of thrillers.
 I am possibly the last person on earth to read this book even though I had purchased three copies at used book sales over the years (without realizing it).  I ended up reading the large-print version which I greatly appreciated having.<br/><br/>The entire story happens in less than a 24-hour span which means there is a great deal of action and suspense.  The characters were described well, but I must admit some confusion over some members of the secret societies and Catholic church.  Often you didn't know the bad guys from the good guys which was intentional.  I wondered if I would have understood more if I had been a Catholic.<br/><br/>My favorite section of the book was the discussion about Mary Magdalene; how society has turned her into a prostitute where nowhere in the Bible does it ever say she was.  Our church minister did a sermon series on "Bad Girls of the Bible" which included Mary Magdalene.  She reiterated that Mary Magdalene was not a prostitute.<br/><br/>The ending was a pleasant surprise, but also a disappointment.  It lends itself well to continuing the story which I believe is exactly what author Dan Brown desired.  I don't think I will be reading the continuing series, but I'm sure many fans did.
 Really poor showing, even for an airport bookstore level book.  I'd take Tom Clancy any day over this drivel.<br/><br/>- Pointless, repetitive, cliff-hangers.  Every chapter ends with something like "He heard steps getting closer in the hallway".  Geez, it's not a TV show and there's no commercial coming up.<br/><br/>- Mary Sue all the way.  Both main protagonists are sooo clever.  All the time.  So perfect, so boring.<br/><br/>- Description Diarrhea. So much filler describing this or that location.  Quite often even incorrectly.<br/><br/>- Car Chase, car chase, car chase, car...<br/><br/>Last, just because I don't believe in God doesn't mean that I am a big fan of making fun of people's beliefs.  Pointlessly, in this case.  The whole Jesus origin backstory left me with a bad taste.  Unlike, and this was also a highly controversial story, The Last Temptation of Christ, which was NOT gratuitously demeaning.  And, if you gotta write up your weird religious fantasies, at least do everyone the favor not to pretend that they are factually historic.<br/><br/>Even stripped of the above mess, the storyline wasn't the greatest, though I would probably have given it 3 star had it been better written.<br/><br/>Yes, I understand that this is mass market thriller.  No, I didn't expect high literature.  But, from the level of popular acclaim for the author, I did expect a competently written book rather than a compilation of bad writing cliches.
 I get why this shot to the top of the best seller list, but MAN was this a ridiculous book.<br/><br/>As far as entertainment value goes, this story of renowned Harvard Symbologist Robert Langdon and his sexy french side kick Sophie Neveu trying to solve a murder mystery that turns into a hunt for the Holy Grail is certainly well crafted. Brown is the master of creating cliff hanger ends to every single chapter and alluding to surprises ahead in order to keep the reader moving through the story.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the first half while the premise was being set up, but halfway through the constant twists and turns of people double crossing each other got so unbelievable that I couldn't stick with it. It seemed like he was making the plot up as he went along and never went back to add any foreshadowing or logic to the actions of the characters.<br/><br/>Additionally, much of the historical research in which the story is based is completely ridiculous. It does not surprise me that this book created a huge stir upon release, simultaneously upsetting academia and the Catholic Church. The way he frivolously bases some of the major plot points on fringe research is irresponsible and I cannot believe how much he stands behind some of these crazy claims. I did like his discussions of the loss of femininity in the major religions over time, but some of his assertions about the Bible and other things are much too broad to be leaned on as heavily as he does.<br/><br/>This was trash, but pretty enjoyable for the first half before it devolved into madness.
 This is a crime/mystery book and also so much more. It defies limitation to such conventional form, existing simply as a story which can be categorized as an afterthought. Neither of the main characters eclipsed the other, an uncommon element made possible by the specific nature of the third person narration. I greatly enjoyed both of these unconstrained approaches. The research and unique twists supporting the story were fascinating and fearless.<br/><br/>My two main issues with the story are small, and did not get in the way of my enjoyment of the narrative: The encodation was not particularly advanced, requiring simple ciphers to get to the riddles. That the riddles necessitated such specified knowledge made the simplicity of the code aspect mostly forgivable. Also, the two main characters develop a thin affection for one another, something which I felt was somewhat forced. This doesn’t have to happen every time two characters of opposite gender struggle and triumph together. The few hints and moments leading up to the romantic intent established as part of the conclusion were few and felt out of place.<br/><br/>At the craft level, the story was great. All of the characters, even minor ones, were well motivated and human. The complex interaction of all of their wants was fun to watch unravel.<br/><br/>This book was an engaging read with a few elements thrown in to please the readers. I rate it 7/10.
 It would boggle my mind why this book became a best-seller, why it has so many high ratings, if I had read it back when it first came out. But I read in 2017, so the type of garbage people like and don't like no longer surprises me. Disheartens me, yes, but not surprises. First of all, I thought this thing was supposed to be fast-paced, but when I was at 25% of the book and still stuck in the location of the first scene I wondered if this was, in fact, a one-room play. No, it was just that slow, tedious, and repetitious. As for the editing, I wonder if there was any even done, especially when I came across the line: "As XXX gazed down the embankment at the duck pond below, Château Villette seemed miles away." Really? SEEMED?! It was actually, literally, about 200 miles away. So was the author saying that Château Villette 'seemed really close-by?' That's not what I got from it. How could someone let a glaring statement like that, of which it is by FAR not the only one, get by?<br/><br/>Of course, I read 'The Bridges of Madison County,' so I don't know why I'm so surprised.<br/><br/>Oh, I'm not. I'm disheartened. I forgot.
 The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown is loaded with intriguing details and backstory. I must admit that sometimes the story felt bogged down in the details. That’s not to say that I didn’t learn much from all the information Brown presented through his story. I was googling Da Vinci and his artwork just to verify the descriptions in the novel and actually see the artwork.<br/><br/>Brown’s The Da Vinci Code is a totally fascinating story to be sure. The characters are well-drawn and interesting. The novel is not magical realism or fantasy. Brown kept his plot actions logical. I truly appreciate that he had his characters explain to the reader, through thought or dialogue, how some of the more confusing events happened. Brown tied up all the loose ends and provided a satisfying ending.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is a complicated story with riveting action and real characters. It’s not an easy read, but well worth your time.
 After all the hype, I finally decided to give this a chance. A few years late, but I was curious. What a disappointment! It was silly, and had holes in the plot, and the only faith it shook in me was my faith in the discernment of it's fans. The whole thing was based on DaVinci's interpretation of the Last Supper? I don't know how to say this, but DaVinci wasn't there. It was a PAINTING. A work of art, not a work of fact. Anyway, that's just the tip of the iceberg. The writing was sloppy, the characters were undeveloped, and I was so busy marveling at how bad it was, I really don't even remember how it ended. Please, if you read this one, leave your brain at the door. You will enjoy it more.:-).
 I've never been in Paris. I wasn't a DaVinci's fan and didn't know much about his works &amp; paintings except Mona Lisa. When I picked up Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code to read, I did have a hard time to follow the Da Vinci's works and some sightseeings in Paris described in the book. Thus, I had my computer connected to Internet besides me to dig out different paintings and photos of what the book mentioned like Louvre, Pentacle, The Last Supper, Opus Dei Headquarters, etc. Luckily, The Da Vinci Code Special Illustrated Edition is just out.<br/><br/>I couldn't wait and purchased immediately regardless I have the regular hardcover edition of Da Vinci Code, which I plan to give it to one of my friends. This Special Illustrated Edition is not a cartoon or comic edition of Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code, nor it is an abridged version. It's a full original version embedded with over 126 colorful pictures &amp; photos besides the text. It saves you lots of time &amp; effort to search from Internet if you don't know how Château de Villette looks like, the overview map of the Louvre, and many other scenes, buildings, paintings mentioned in Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code. Overall, it's LOVELY!<br/><br/>Undoubtfully Dan Brown has done amazing jobs to his book "The Da Vinci Code". The story is powerful and magnificent. Mixing with a lot of traceable truth and facts, he made his novel sound extremely convincing and inevitably deluded you from what's real and what's fictional. However, please don't take it too serious, it's just a novel, not a research paper trying to make a breakthrough statement. Overall, the book has quite a lot of twists shocking you. Even the ending has double meanings. Make sure you read the Epilogue chapter, or you won't know where the Holy Grail rests that Dan Brown suggested as the poem below:<br/><br/>"The Holy Grail 'neath ancient Roslin waits.<br/>The blade and chalice guarding o'er Her gates.<br/>Adorned in masters' loving art, She lies.<br/>She rests at last beneath the starry skies."<br/><br/>For people who love deciphering codes, Dan Brown wisely placed some codings on the regular hardcover edition's paper cover. If you pay attention you may find some bold fonts seemed appearing randomly. Link them up and you should see a hint to read.
 I highly suggest that you read the book for a couple of reasons. If you like a book that makes you think and question what is happening then this is the book for you. This book is written in third person which really suits it well in my opinion.The plot was fantastic, I’m not one to give things away so I won’t, you must find out for yourself. It kept me guessing until the very end and I was very pleased the way it was over all written. It is not a light read so you must find time out of your day to read it but I was happy that it was long so nothing was cut short and everything was explained and mentioned that made the book that much more interesting. As LeahMaria, another verified purchase and someone who has written a review said “The historical and religious references throughout the book are so eye opening”. This statement I very much agree with. The references throughout the book made it a pleasure to read. In the book the main character Robert Langdon is likable and good person overall. He is trustworthy and throughout the book he makes it seem that everyone else is a bad person compared to him. This trustworthiness makes him stand out in the book in which the author males doubt on the motivations of every character except Langdon.In the books many times of  doubt,  Robert Langdon’s presence is consistently reassuring. “As someone who had spent his life exploring the hidden interconnectivity of disparate emblems and ideologies, Langdon viewed the world as a web of profoundly intertwined histories and events. The connections may be invisible, he often preached to his symbology classes at Harvard, but they are always there, buried just beneath the surface.”. This is my favorite quote in the book because it foreshadows what the book is about and emphasizes on Langdon’s knowledge of religion. READ THE BOOK!!!
 This is one of those love it or leave it books.  I give it 3 stars to suggest everyone can take a shot at determining which side of the debate they fall...without preconception.<br/><br/>I'm currently in the "leave it" group.  It's a "buy the premise" type of book and Brown fails to get me to make the purchase.  In fairness, I was given this book as a gift and it would not be on my reading list normally (I'm not terribly invested in religious doctrine in my reading, either for it or debunking it).<br/><br/>The plot is as simple as any detective story:  murder, mystery, clues and solution.  There are various trappings and misdirections which generally end up being confusing and suspiciously reminiscent of a street corner gambler with three cups and a ball.<br/><br/>I am a patient reader, but there came a time I felt I had enough of the reaching for the carrot at the end of the stick.  There should be enough craft in a storyteller's skill to be able to offer some significant reveals while still keeping the ultimate mystery shrouded.  This book felt like an endless series of teases without progress.<br/><br/>I didn't feel the "controversy" of the book as deeply as others, thanks to my aforementioned distance from religious history, and it's possible that the book needs that affront or shock value to make it work.  Without that, it's not particularly noteworthy.  I appreciate not having to have paid for it, though.  Perhaps I would be less generous with my rating if it had cost me real money.
 My introduction to Dan Brown was by accident. A friend a work handed me a book and said she didn't care for it but I might. Wow. Two days later I gave the book back and couldn't believe she wasn't as entranced with the story as I was. It was new, hot, fresh, and a little scandalous. I later found many, many of my fellow employees secretly reading The Da Vinci Code at their desk. We used code to warn about management walking around. "Hey, how about we work on that thing-a-ma-jig?" It spread like wildfire. 99.9% of us loved it. We discussed it, shared books, covered for each other. It was a mass craze. This was a perfect introduction to Professor Robert Langdon. If you've never delved into Dan Brown's work this is the book to start with.
 Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is asleep in his Paris hotel room when he is awakened by a phone call in the middle of the night. Soon a member of the Judicial Police is at his door, summoning him to the crime scene of renowned Louvre curator Jacques Sauniere’s body which is covered in puzzling clues. This sets in motion a kaleidoscopic hunt to discover the ancient truth held by the secret society known as the Priory of Sion; whose members included Sir Isaac Newton and Leonardo da Vinci. Following a trail of hidden clues disguised in the works of Da Vinci, Langdon and French cryptologist Sophie Neveu race against several forces to discover the ancient truth.<br/>From cover to cover, this book was a page turner packed with fascinating accounts of history and conspiracy. As educational as it is exciting, Brown’s novel brings you on an astoundingly realistic adventure that’s just imaginative enough to keep you on the edge of your seat guessing. The book reads like a movie. Brown follows several storylines which all are incorporated intricately into the plot. The quick switch from Langdon and others to the perspective of the police for a page or two really creates a cinematic feel. This always keeps the reader interested and the pace going.<br/>Something I loved about this book was how impeccably the facts of the plot were intertwined. The book was very well researched and did an excellent job at illustrating its many settings. One quote from the book explains history; “History is always written by the winners. When two cultures clash, the loser is obliterated, and the winner writes the history books-books which glorify their own cause and disparage the conquered foe. As Napoleon once said, 'What is history, but a fable agreed upon?”. The book is filled with historical speculation and observations. I would highly recommend this book to history and art lovers.<br/>The writing was average and minor plot points were sometimes a bit predictable, but what it lacked in writing, it made up for in its mind boggling facts and conspiracies centering on the creation of the Catholic church as we know it today. The Da Vinci Code was not only extremely enlightening, but one of the most entertaining books I have ever read. It’s a very easy read, but extremely hard to put down.
 I know the dialogue was a little corny and Dan Brown isn't necessarily a Pulitzer writer, but the book is extremely rich and descriptive when it came to architecture, history and art. Dan Brown did a great job with the immersive atmosphere and caused me to look up all these things that he described when I finally finished the book. The violence described was very graphic, and the level of detail that went into describing the various antagonist organizations was pretty impressive.<br/><br/>The plotline itself is OK, let me explain. I was hooked from the very beginning and was dying to know this big secret that these shadowy organizations and powerful people were willing to kill and torture for. However, Dan Brown always does this thing where he builds up this big secret and the secret always end up to be super lame. I just find it so hard to believe the whole thing...I know it's just fiction, but not only is the secret lame, I just didn't think anyone would kill or put in any effort for such a lame secret. It's so much hype for nothing.
 1975 Paris, France. The Bibliotheque Nationale discovered parchments of Les Dossiers Secrets with names of members of the Priory of Sion otherwise known as the Pentacle, the worship of Goddess Venus. Pentacle an early female deity consisted of five petals that of the Rose, and The Blade referred to men. Leonardo Da Vinci had three works of art of particular interest; Virgin of the Rocks 1483-1486, The Last Supper 1494-1499 and The Madonna 1503-06. The Last Supper a picture of 12 men and beside Jesus Christ a women with red hair, Mary Magdelene carrying a child, the child born from Jesus Christ. Marriage for women was to younger men referred to as Cherubs. Opus Dei of the Catholic Church segregated women from men for the worship of God, the father of Jesus Christ. Some men trained as monks, then later priests eventually one elected as Pope. Sophie Nevenu and Robert Langdon pursued the mystery of Jacques Sauniere, Sophies's grandfather murdered at the Lourve, Paris he was the Art Museum curator. They found the Chalice, a goblet which referred to The Rose, this lead to a small golden key and chain hanging on the back of Virgin of the Rocks, the lost key to the Sangreal. The key lead to a Swiss Bank account that had a fund of money in the form of bonds left to Sophie from her grandfather through a Papal Account - millions. The Teacher the senior member of Priory of Sion Leigh Teabing, instructed Silas and Remy to obtain the Keystone held in Scotland at the Rossyln Chapel where Sophie Nevenu found her grandmother Marie Sauniere nee Chauvel guarding the secret. The Keystone held the secret to the Holy Grail the word Apple from the first of Adam and Eve. The Blade and Chalice fused together as the Star of David, The Seal of Solomon and the seasons of the earth. The family of Jesus Christ is alive today, and the ancestry can be traced back to the family of Isiah, Jacob and Abraham - we are all from the family of Abraham!<br/><br/>Dan Brown born 22 June 1964 Exeter, New Hampshire, U.S.A. Best known for Angels and Demons, The Lost Symbol and Deception Point.
 I've listened to the audiobook of "The Da Vinci Code" and watched the movie based on it. It's a great mystery story and it's not even my favorite type of thing I enjoy. I like the parts about the anagrams and Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu solving all the puzzles. However I find it rather disappointing in the end because the secret the Priory of Sion has supposedly protected is nothing more than the idea that Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene and had a child. My advice is just enjoy the mystery and don't take this book too seriously. Overally I highly recommend this book to anyone is a fan of mystery stories in general but it's very long too so it's not for someone who wants to read a short book in half an hour!
 Just as I enjoyed Angels &amp; Demons, I also enjoyed The Da Vinci Code. It was a quick read, but still followed Dan Brown's formula for a book. There is a murder, Robert Langdon gets called in, he goes on the run, he solves the crime, all is well with the world. The formula works, so oh well!<br/><br/>I liked the concept. I really like to think about new scenarios and what if's and what not. This book definitely has a lot to consider. While it was dragged out on revealing what the whole concept was, it was pretty shocking.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is super smart. He is able to remember crazy amounts of information and be able to share it at the drop of a hat. He was a hard character to really understand. At times he was strong and in power. Other times, he was extremely weak. He wasn't believable all the time.<br/><br/>The other characters were fairly one note as well. They were all part of this group trying to figure out what was going on, but they never really clicked with each other. I did like the albino. I think I have a thing for bad guys-or at least a thing for their POV.<br/><br/>Overall, it was interesting. I was curious to know what happened, but it wasn't all believable. Needless to say, I am now interested in symbology and curious to know more about it in general.
 So, I actually watched the movie first prior to reading this book, and let's say that my experience with the book inspired me to read the original novel itself. Now, that movie I watched was 3 years ago, so obviously I do not remember much of the storyline, but I do know it was really controversial when the book came out, and also it was even more so when the movie came out as well. After having read the book myself, I do not blame those who think the book is inappropriate in a way that it sort of crosses the Church. I am not a believer of catholic myself, but I do know their founding beliefs and from what I can tell, this book's main theme was everything that offsets those core beliefs.<br/><br/>Now, here is what I am trying to say about this book: I am not saying that it is bad, or a novel of heredity, because the story is so good. Everything in this book is written in a logical way that it makes people think "hold on a second..... This might be actually true!" I should also point out that everything on the book except real life artworks and thing are 100% fiction)<br/><br/>I won't be surprised if there were actually people believing in what this book says, and I am pretty sure someone devoted his/her life trying to prove it. I won't be surprised if there actually was a secret society there to keep/expose the secret of the Church, because this book was so into grasping our mind on this concept that THE Jesus Christ might have been a legend after all.<br/><br/>Now, I am not saying that I believe in what this book is saying, because this book is a FICTION. I just want to say that this book is a very good read with history, thrill action, adventure, and romance filled in with each chapter, and loaded with secrets and the major turnover from every line.<br/><br/>I think there isn't much of a difference between the movie and the book. I mean sure the movie misses out on a lot of details the book have, but there is a thing called a "screen time" and you can't put everything in at the same time. They are both good, and I recommend reading /watching at least one of them.<br/><br/> even for christans, i think it might be a good read if you leave out the  religious connections
 It's a good book; although, the movie did not live up to its source material.<br/><br/>As for the questions it spawned, I leave the implications and religious beliefs to theologians and scholars. We may never know the full truth; unless there's DNA testing between a living heir of Jesus and DNA from him, unlike a cheesy daytime talk show it's not that easy. For those who believe in the story's hypothetical ideas based on historical interpretation, you guys have your belief and it's fine, if Chistians find that offensive, then it's merely a statement of your own faith. On the flip side, if this makes you feel uncomfortable and you deeply dislike this story's ideas to the point where you must make it your life mission to decry every point and line in the book, it is your life and your choices. To defend ones faith is not wrong, even if it is to others a waste of time. That's how I think the ongoing on and off debate can end.<br/><br/>Dan Brown created one of his most memorable stories in this book; he made himself a talking point on faith, history, and fictional writing for years afterward. I think this book could be a great teaching tool for High School literature on Comparative theology, if the different sides of it can ever agree to let their oppponent speak.
 Pardon my conceit as I add my review to the numerous others of "The Da Vinci Code." I read this book some years ago, but never got around to formalizing a review, so am rectifying it now. My review will not touch on the literary merits (or demerits as some may say) of the novel.  Rather, it will only speak to my own personal feelings of the book.<br/><br/>I LOVED it! It was fast-paced, thrilling, and has true moments of suspense and surprise. I was shocked that the events of the entire book basically take a day or so! It was not until I read Dan Brown's "Angels and Demons" written before "The Da Vinci Code" that I could see the germs of the 'Brown doctrine': Robert Langdon and a female ally (usually someone beautiful, but also intelligent) take on a vast conspiracy and race around various locales attempting to stop some catastrophe. The book isn't great Literature (with a capital L) but for what it is, it's a good read. Call me a populist, but I don't need high minded books to enjoy reading. I just like reading a good story, told well, and that's what I feel Dan Brown has achieved here.  "The Lost Symbol" however, was fairly dreadful.]<br/><br/>The failing of the 'Brown doctrine' though, is it can get old fairly quickly. If an author draws from the same well for a third, fourth, nth novel, the readers will probably tire of the concept - but most especially if it involves the same one or two principle characters. As of this review, I don't know if Dan Brown intends to write any further Robert Langdon adventures, but if so, I fear it might just be one too many Langdon novels.<br/><br/>Still, if I were to introduce a martian to the Robert Langdon pantheon of novels, out of those already published, I'd recommend "The Da Vinci Code." That's how highly I rate this book.
 Even if you don't buy into the Knights Templar / Holy Grail conspiracy theory, which I don't necessarily, this is a great mystery.  It's a page turner.  The short chapters lure the reader into just one more chapter--until you realize it's 4 a.m. and you're still reading, just one more.  I definitely plan to read more Dan Brown books.  He is an author who makes you think.  The mystery is not obvious, although I did figure out he the villain was before it was revealed.<br/><br/>Borrowed from amazon via Overdrive.
 This is actually a book you curl up to a fire with and have plenty of cocoa to drink because it's filled with loops and turns of adventure you will never see coming.  It is demanding of your time and challenges you to solve and understand the purpose of clues.  Each step of direction, entices you to the next. It's a wonderful story of how religion, art and suspense can definitely play an important key to developing the plot and lead the reader in a turn of amazing enigma and secrets!  I still have my book.
 To say that this book disappointed me is quite the understatement. I held high expectations for this book based off of both the general hype that has lasted since its publishing date in 2006 and the first half of the book. I LOVED the first half of the book-- I could not wait to find out what happened and found myself completely engulfed in the narrative, trying to figure out what would happen even when I wasn't reading the book.<br/><br/>However, after the halfway mark, the story started to drag on quite a bit. I was hesitant to continue on, but had faith that Dan Brown would pull through with the story. That being said, the story did not come back around. Because I don't give spoiler-y reviews, I won't go too much into depth. But the second half of the book was disappointing, and the end of the book was a big, cliche NIGHTMARE.<br/><br/>I'm giving this book a 2.5 star rating because I did really enjoy the first half of the book and believe that Dan Brown is truly a fantastic writer. Perhaps this just wasn't the book for me, but it absolutely did not mesh with my taste.
 I found Angels &amp; Demons, the first book in this series, to be much more engrossing than this book.  Which is surprising considering this was the one that had all the hype surrounding it.<br/><br/>About a year after he helped save the Vatican, Robert Langdon is embroiled in a mystery and a murder once again.  This time it is in Italy, where the curator of the Louvre has been murdered and strange symbology points to his killer.  The deceased's granddaughter is along for the ride too because clues that he left her say she should stick to Langon to solve his murder.  A strange monk is intent on finding them though and there are other mysterious players that would like to do anything to prevent Langdon from solving the clues left for him.<br/><br/>Sophie wasn't nearly as strong of a character as her predecessor.  She needed Langdon for almost everything; except for a few things she conveniently knew.  She didn't offer much in the way of dialogue either.  Langdon was little better.  He seemed less personable this time around and like events were outpacing him.  But at least he wasn't as "invincible" as he was in the first book.  I couldn't really care for any of the other characters too.  I predicted the bad guy pretty far in and wasn't surprised to see other characters do some of the actions that they did.  All were pretty predictable.<br/><br/>The plot I was pleased to see was done in a twenty-four hour format again.  I think this helps the book pacing, although this one was still a little long.  And I'm not going to comment on how accurate this book is except to say that it is a work of fiction and I read it as such.  If some of the stuff in it is true, that's great, but it has no bearing on my enjoyment of the book as a work of fiction.  I did find the symbology interesting, and liked the references to Da Vinci.  I thought the beginning offered an interesting premise and was a better lead-in than that of the first book, but the ending felt contrived and too easy.  Everything falling into place when life doesn't really work like that.<br/><br/>Not great, not terrible, not as special as I had been lead to believe.  It was entertaining, but I think it seems like this was a book that was written for tv.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code<br/>Copyright 2003<br/>454 pages<br/><br/>Review by M. Reynard 2014
 The Roman Catholic Church often presents itself in a paradoxical relation to women. One the one hand, it has raised Mary to a near-goddess (claiming that she is not only a type of co-redemptrix but was born and lived “immaculately” without sin sounds goddesslike to me when I consider humanity in general). On the other hand, the Catholic Church has refused to allow women into the clergy proper unlike other “high churches” such as the Presbyterian and Episcopal where female ministers are accepted. Not to mention that the Catholic stance on birth control strikes many women as oppressive. So why start a book review by discussing the Roman Catholic Church? Because the crux of The Da Vinci Code centers around a “secret” cache of material intimating that God and Christ’s original plan was to set up a male/female vision of religion that featured Mary Magdalene as a co-prime mover with Christ. This “cache” is guarded by a secret brotherhood related to the Templar Knights, and some radical members of the Catholic organization known as Opus Dei are heaven-bent (as opposed to hell-bent) to prevent the public opening of these documents. If you haven’t noticed, we’re quickly moving into fantasy. And that’s in good part what Brown’s book is: an intricate and fantastical mystery novel that occasionally forays into theological/sociological speculation. Brown is not Umberto Eco; he doesn’t infuse each page of his novel with historical and arcane material. But don’t misunderstand: Brown offers a fine mystery with plenty enough intrigues and a luxurious Parisian setting that begins with a bizarre murder in the Louvre. And the twist of a red-herring suspect who must go on the lam along with the murdered man’s granddaughter will make any mystery reader gleeful. Lastly, there are over half a dozen murders occuring by various methods including an allergic reaction to peanuts, as well as more mundane shootings and stabbings. In sum, the novel offers more than enough mystery to satisfy, and just enough intellectual speculation about contemporary religion to boost it a step above the mystery genre. It’s a fun read.
 I know, it’s my fault. I shouldn’t read pop fiction. I do better with novels which the test of time has chosen to be enduring; not the flavor of the month. But occasionally I’m looking for some light reading, and it sold forty million copies; how could I go wrong? Besides, Tom Hanks did such a great job in the movie – he must have had good material to work with, right?<br/><br/>Wrong.<br/><br/>Reading “The Da Vinci Code” was like when you go to the supermarket and you troll the isles because you’re hungry but instead of landing in the produce isle to buy apples or pears you end up buying a pound of gummy bears. A guilty pleasure, but you knew that. Then you eat it, and all you feel is kind of bloated and just a little nasty.<br/><br/>Reading “The Da Vinci Code” is like that.<br/><br/>Bad metaphors, no meaning, listless, limp characters and canned dialogue. Really just bad.<br/><br/>Again, I know, I’m at fault. I should not have expected any different. But for you, don’t read this book – you will be better for it.
 Just downloaded it onto my kindle. Many of my friends loved it so I know I will also. Cannot wait to start it.
 This is a quick read, and it's always fun to get some new ideas to think about world views/religions/history.  I think possibly the thing I would have liked not to read about is the ritualized sex with the girl's grandfather/grandmother wearing masks and other people watching it.  Because of that part, I wouldn't recommend this for kids or teens.  The backwards handwriting was also too easy to see (to me at least) and it seemed odd the guys in the book didn't see it right away.  Also the girl having the idea to throw the sensor out the window was described by the man as being brilliant when I think most readers already thought that's what would happen.  Still I read it in 1 day so it was a page turner and still fun reading, and overall more interesting than most fiction novels.
 1) Plot (5 stars) - After an elderly curator at the Louvre is murdered, Harvard symbologist Robert Langston is called upon to help solve the case, only to discover the roots of the murder reach back through a secret history all the way to Jesus.  Brown can certainly keep you reading.  He is a master of the 3 page chapter that starts simple, introduces a conflict, raises tension, then cuts off at a cliffhanger that forces you to another storyline you don't want to be in until, hey, there's some conflict here too, some tension, a cliffhanger, ad infinitum, technique.  The results are that you're almost done with the bag of candy before you know what you've done.<br/><br/>2) Characters (3 stars) - There's the smart, brave, good-morals lead; the requisite love interest who joins up with him; and the constant game of "who's the real antagonist" (is it this shady friend, oh no that guy just said something suspicious, etc.).  All the characters were fine and come complete with the formulaic unresolved issues in their backstories that they are dealing with in the present, but none of their present personalities or challenging pasts were especially unusual or memorable.<br/><br/>3) Theme (5 stars) - The message that Jesus could have married Mary Magdalene and had offspring, and that there's been a 2,000 year cover up to keep power in the male dominated church and away from the sacred feminine, and what that means for our perspective of the world was fascinating.  Whether or not you agree with the conspiracy, it was explored in extraordinary detail while still managing to be packaged in easy to swallow and understandable bites.  Which is a pretty good trick to pull off.<br/><br/>4) Voice (3 stars) - It's readable enough for me to not skim through 500 pages, but I didn't mark any sentence as especially poetic or insightful or clever.<br/><br/>5) Setting (4 stars) - The midnight dash through Paris and beyond was done with enough detail to let me imagine being there, but not too much to slow the quick action.  Moreover, Brown thoroughly researched his locales, which added a layer of verisimilitude to the tale, and overcame some of the simple writing.<br/><br/>6) Overall (4 stars) - I'd recommend it.  This is a great ride where you'll also learn some pretty interesting counter-theories about the history of Christianity.  That said, be prepared for ho-hum characters and prosaic writing.
 Dan Brown's newest book, Inferno, just came out this year and I decided to start from the beginning and read through all the books in the saga. The Da Vinci Code is the second book and Brown once again crafted an electrifying tale filled with mystery and puzzles.<br/><br/>Once again, Robert Langdon is called upon to utilize his expertise in symbology in a mystifying death of a prominent museum director. However, things take a turn for the worst for Langdon and he begins a journey running across Europe. Similarly to Angles and Demons, Langdon is accompanied by a woman. Sophie Nevu is a cryptologist and together, the pair works to complete the timeless quest of finding the Holy Grail.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is amazing at tricking readers and letting them have time to try a figure out the same puzzles the characters deal with. This book contains many instances of this. I would be reading through the story and a small sentence would stick and and make my mind whirl trying to connect previous details and come up with a guess of what could happen.<br/><br/>However, I felt that this book was a little bit slow. A lot the book I felt was dialogue between the characters just describing the background of the Holy Grail or the background of the characters themselves. I understand the need for building up the characters and the background of the Holy Grail, but to me, Brown didn't spend enough time fleshing out the conflicts and problems.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is still a really good book. It combines historical quests, puzzles, mysteries, and art into a thrilling book. I enjoyed reading it for the most part and believe that many others will as well.
 Anyone who lurks in thrift stores for books knows that there are approximately 7 copies of this book at any given time in every resale shop across the country. Criticisms aside, it's a page turner. Start it on a Friday and send the kids to grandma's for the weekend.:-)<br/><br/>Not being a big fan of fiction (apart from the classics) at the time, I initially thought this was a non-fiction book. I received it as a gift soon after it came out, and realized it was a novel when I set down to check it out. It was a year before I finally decided to read it... out of obligation lol.<br/><br/>I couldn't put it down! Sure I watered and fed the kids, but the bulk of my time was spent reading this book every moment I could till I was finished. Luckily it didn't take too long to get through it! I don't mean to "hype" this book up, but it is solely responsible for my new interest in... pop fiction.<br/><br/>I've read some works of fiction which did a better job of stimulating mental imagery. I've read some books which didn't contain as many little... annoying things. Forget the controversy. If you're looking for a fast paced book and a page turner this is it.<br/><br/>When I say it's fast paced, I mean there's really no good place to put the book down! Sure there are lots of little chapters, but you want to know what happens next from the very beginning. I missed a lot of sleep, but I found the book riveting. I've checked out a few other pop fiction authors (though admittedly not many), and The Da Vinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons were the *only* two that started out interesting and stayed that way, so far. I'm in the middle of Inferno right now, and can't believe it has more stars than The Da Vinci Code! I'm inclined to believe the controversy naysayers had something to do with the low rating lol. It took me twice as long just to get to the middle of Inferno, and I was so sure I would read it cover to cover over the weekend. The beginning, at least, pales in comparison.<br/><br/>The Da Vinici Code is not a masterpiece. It's not flawless. The ending is a little dull IMO compared to Angels &amp; Demons, but it is an exciting read.
 My Review:  This is my second time reading this book except that this time around I decided to listen to the e-audio version as I went on walks or drove back and forth to work.  I had first read the book several years ago and only remembered that I really enjoyed it.<br/><br/>This time around I enjoyed it just as much.  Brown doesn't waste any time getting into the action. It was narrated wonderfully by the very talented Paul Michael who truly brought the characters to life and did great French and British accents in both genders.  His vocal talent really added to the experience.  So much so that I'm going to find other audiobooks that he has worked on.<br/><br/>As with his other books, Brown weaves some historical facts with art history and his own fictional tale and in the end left me with quite a bit to think about.  Whether or not his suggestions are true is irrelevant to me. I enjoyed the book and liked getting a different view of some very popular beliefs.<br/><br/>My Rating: 4/5 stars<br/><br/>** This book review, as well as hundreds more, can also be found on my blog, The Baking Bookworm (www.thebakingbookworm.blogspot.ca) where I also share my favourite recipes. **
 Ten years ago, everyone was talking about the Da Vinci Code, the novel by Dan Brown where Harvard religious symbol expert Robert Langdon and Parisian cryptologist Sophie Neveu cracked a puzzle left by Sophie's estranged grandfather regarding the Holy Grail of the Roman Catholic faith.  Jacques Saunière, the grandfather, realized that he was going to take an important secret to the grave as the grandmaster of the Priory of Sion, when he learned that the three sénéchaux who also knew the secret were killed that night.<br/><br/>Neveu and Langdon embarked on a scavenger hunt through the Louvre, the renowned art museum in the heart of Paris, hunted by the Judicial Police, who believed Langdon was involved in the murders.  Our tour is not much more in-depth than the Louvre lite dash of millions of tourists, which includes visits to three famous paintings: the Mona Lisa, Venus de Milo, and Winged Victory.  The new glass pyramid entrance of the Louvre, designed by I.M. Pei, and the less-known inversed pyramid are also a part of the story.<br/><br/>The scavenger hunt took the reader to a Swiss Depository Bank near the Rolland Garros tennis stadium, where one has to pass through the Bois de Boulogne, an area that sounds like the largest congregation of prostitutes in Europe.  Neveu and Langdon attract more attention at the depository, where a straight laced Swiss professional named André Vernet believes the two have stolen a deposit by Saunière despite having the account number and the password to retrieve it.<br/><br/>The hunt continued to a sprawling estate in the environs of Versailles called the Château Villette, a significant private estate owned by a British expert on the Holy Grail, Sir Leigh Teabing.  The name of the English knight of the novel is in itself an anagram of two real life names, Baigent and Leigh, who authored a book called Holy Blood, Holy Grail.  Brown used a summary of their work as part of the background for this novel.  Those two men had the nerve to sue Dan Brown for using their book as research material for his story, even though he mentioned it in the text, and used the findings of the book much like a novelist working on a story about the 1919 White Sox would use the book by Eliot Asinov for background material.<br/><br/>At the Château, the trio was confronted by an angry albino monk.  Silas the monk is even angrier because he returned empty-handed from a trip to Saint-Sulpice, a cathedral with one of the most eccentric architectural histories in Paris.  This albino behemoth knew that Langdon and Neveu had the keystone because of a mysterious, but seemingly all-knowing man called The Teacher.  We later learn that the omniscient Teacher was actually aided by top-of-the-line surveillance equipment that even impressed operatives at the DCPJ.<br/><br/>The hunt continued to London, in order to find A Knight A Pope Interred.  Neveu and Langdon visited the religious research center at King's College, the Templar Church, and Westminster Abbey.  They were looking for an orb that ought to be on the tomb of this knight.  In retrospect, the clue is simple, but such things seem so complicated in the bustle of the story.<br/><br/>On the trip from Versailles to London, Sophie learned some truths about her family from Robert, who did not know the private Saunière, but did know about the religious ceremonies that disturbed Sophie so much that she cut off her relationship with her grandfather a decade ago.<br/><br/>The three experts also discussed the Atbast cipher on the trip, which they needed to solve one of the puzzles of the clef de voûte.  Dan Brown used ciphers in previous novels, particularly Digital Fortress, so his use of the device in a plot involving a cryptographer was natural.<br/><br/>The story was a remarkably interesting one that struck a chord with a lot of people.  Catholic scholars criticized the novel.  Some of these incensed scholars wrote rebuttals to the Da Vinci Code, much like <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Uncle-Tom-s-Cabin/dp/0451530802/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Uncle Tom's Cabin</a> of Harriet Beecher Stowe brought her a similar backlash over 150 years ago from Southern apostles of slavery.  My personal opinion is that millions read the Da Vinci Code, but few people changed their faith because they understand that this is a novel.<br/><br/>If one digs deeper philosophically, the Catholic Church could learn from an underlying theme of the novel: that it has done more harm than good in covering up the human aspects of some of its members.  For instance, the Catholic Church could have handled the child abuse claims against some of its clergy better.  Those philosophical issues are interesting to think about, but the Da Vinci Code entertained people in many other ways in 2003.
 Museum curator Jacques Saunière is running for his life. In the Grand Gallery of the Louvre he rips a painting from the wall, an alarm goes off, bars clang down, sealing him in and away from his attacker, an albino named Silas, but the attacker shoots him through the bars, wounding him. Silas is after a centuries old secret and he offers to spare Saunière if he talks, Saunière lies, but the lie is a good one and the Albino believes him, then leaves him to die with a belly wound.<br/><br/>Jacques is desperate to pass his secret on, but only to his granddaughter, Sophie Neveu, a cryptographer with the DCPJ (Direction Centrale Police Judiciaire) the Judicial Police, the French equivalent of the FBI. So he uses his remaining few minutes to strip naked, then he draws a circle around himself with an ultraviolet pen and positions himself like DaVinci's most famous drawing, "The Vitruvian Man," knowing Sophie will see his body and figure out his first of many clues.<br/><br/>The Judicial Police summon Robert Langdon, a Harvard Professor of Religious Symbology, who is lecturing in Paris, to interpret the crime scene, but unknown to Langdon, they suspect him as he was supposed to meet with Saunière later that evening. Sophie gets Langdon away from the cops and thus begins a book long scavenger hunt, chase scene that you'll be telling your friends about for months to come.<br/><br/>I'm sitting here at my iBook trying to think of how best to describe Dan Brown's writing. It's fast, sure. Historically accurate, yes. Descriptive, without a doubt. But none of that really gets across what I'm trying to say. Maybe I can make a comparison, Dan Brown writes like a cross between a young Robert Ludlum on speed and a young Frederick Forsyth on steroids. There is a reason why this book is the worldwide, number one bestseller, and if you haven't read it yet, you should.
 Great character development and excellent plot development. I found myself drawn in very early on. Definitely one of the story's strengths is the abundance of information relayed to the reader. After reading this, it's very obvious why there was all the uproar.<br/><br/>There are about 5 main players who are pretty much on the same quest for the Holy Grail. The story moves us from France to London and involves Historians, Cryptologists, Symbolists, Monks, Bishops and Detectives. Quite the eclectic mix that Mr. Brown has tossed together in a very good format.<br/><br/>The story takes off like a rocket and we're propelled at that speed for the majority of the book as we go on twists and turns whilst trying to decode cryptic clues leading to the location of the Grail. It really is fantastic stuff and, when you get done, you will have learned stuff you can regurgitate to impress your friends at the next dinner party. My only gripe is the story's length. It tends to drag on for the last 100 or so pages.<br/><br/>Other than that, I'm not looking to have my money or time refunded, I thoroughly enjoyed the trip. Well done Mr. Brown, I'll dig deeper into your portfolio.
 ...Suspend your disbelief.<br/><br/>Let me give an example:<br/><br/>***The following contains small spoilers for the first few chapters***<br/><br/>In the opening scene, Jacques Sauniere, the elderly curator of the Louvre museum, is shot by an albino monk.<br/>He is shot in the stomach, just below the heart. He gives himself about 15 minutes to live, as his death will be slow and painful.<br/>Note the word PAINFUL.<br/><br/>So, in his final minutes, he does this. A wounded, bleeding, dying, 80-something man, did this:<br/><br/>Took off his clothes.<br/><br/>Arranged his body in the shape of The Vitruvian man.<br/><br/>Used his own blood to draw a 5 pointed star on his chest.<br/><br/>Wrote "13-3-2-21-1-1-8-5<br/><br/>O, Draconian Devil<br/><br/>Oh, lame saint<br/><br/>P.S. Find Robert Langdon" on the floor beside him in Ultraviolet Marker.<br/><br/>Trekked to the Mona Lisa.<br/><br/>Wrote "So dark the con of man" on the Mona Lisa.<br/><br/>Trekked to Madonna on the Rocks.<br/><br/>Hid a key behind the Madonna of the Rocks.<br/><br/>Died.<br/><br/>...<br/><br/>While this makes for good reading and plenty of cliffhangers, it just seems to be too ELABORATE and UNREALISTIC.<br/><br/>...<br/><br/>What do you think? - Write a comment! I appreciate your feedback.
 "...if I agree to publish an idea like this...it'll kill your reputation. You're a Harvard historian, for God's sake, not a popshlockmiester looking for a quick buck."<br/><br/>"Renowned Symbologist" Robert Langdon was supposed to meet Jacques Sonier one night; instead, he gets called to the Louvre, the scene of Sonier's horrific death. Langdon spots clues to Sonier's murderer everywhere, which makes the French police officer, Fache, immediately think that Langdon is the murderer. Fortunately, sexy Sophie intervenes to shunt Langdon away. And then they are off, trying to avoid being arrested, trying to find the "Grail", and trying to discover who killed Sonier.<br/><br/>NOTE 1: My French is atrocious; expect misspellings everywhere.<br/><br/>NOTE 2: Light spoilers to follow.<br/><br/>This book has been quite controversial. A lot of Christian and Catholic churches have been up in arms about the claims Dan Brown makes in this book--namely how Jesus married Mary Magdalene and how the Church will stop at nothing to try to conceal this "horrific and world-altering" religious conspiracy.<br/><br/>Let's get this out right off the bat: I don't know if Jesus was married. Tradition has it that he was not, but since I wasn't there, I can't say for certain. All I know is that, if I learned Jesus was in fact married, I would probably be surprised, but I'm not going to suddenly abandon my faith just because of Jesus' relationship status. And while this may create a bit of controversy if it ever does appear to be true (I think there was a recent article that gave more evidence to this), I think a lot of people are just going to believe that it's all a bunch of lies, like they do with evolution. Good grief, stop making mountains out of molehills.<br/><br/>"Controversial" non-controversy aside, this was an absolutely unintentionally hilarious book. Characterization is astonishingly bad, the pacing is dull, the clues somehow end up between too easy and too difficult, the mystery is snooze-worthy, and the narrator's over-the-top French accent sent me into gales of laughter.<br/><br/>Our main characters are Gary Stu and Mary Sue--I mean, Robert Langdon and Sophie Noveau. Langdon is one of the most boring male protagonists I've had to read in recent history. I love how he supposedly looks so "bookish", with descriptions like this:<br/><br/>"His usually sharp blue eyes looked hazy and drawn tonight. A dark stubble was shrouding his strong jaw and dimpled chin. Around his temples, the grey highlights were advancing, making their way deeper into his thicket of coarse black hair. Although his female colleagues insisted the grey only accentuated his bookish appeal, Langdon knew better."<br/>George Clooney anyone?<br/><br/>It was painful how every character had to clamor on and on about his "accomplishments" and how "intriguing" he is, or how the ladies' panties get all wet when he enters a room. If this is not male fantasy, I don't know what is.<br/><br/>The weird thing is, when it comes to actually solving the clues/mystery, Langdon is a moron. He spends so long talking about history, symbols, sacred feminine (I got a load on this one...), but he seems severely stumped when trying to solve a few clues. The worst was the mirror-image English. Do you seriously mean to tell me an American can't recognize mirror-image English? I, a measly engineer, experimented with reading mirror-image English and had no problems.<br/><br/>Meanwhile we have the set of boobs, Sophie. Don't expect her to have a personality or purpose besides being a set of boobs to get captured. I think Sophie is held at gunpoint 800 times in this book. She is even dumber than Langdon, despite being a talented cryptographer. She cannot solve any of the puzzles on her own, even though her own grandfather wrote them.<br/><br/>The rest of the cast was goofy and 1-dimensional. Fache might as well twirl a mustache for all the good he does. I had no clue what Arringarosa's purpose in the story was. Silas' Sally Sob Story was so overwrought and cliche, I was laughing at his self-flagellation. And Teabing...good God, Teabing. I have no idea how to classify Teabing. Other than I kept imagining Sir Elton John, and I'm not sure that was the "characterization" Brown was going for.<br/><br/>But you know, a lot of thrillers are more about the puzzles and mystery and action than the characters. I can buy that. But you also know what? The puzzles, mystery, and action are horrible. The puzzles tend to be the same type over and over and over again. They also seem to somehow be way too complicated (such as translating one word into Greek, doing an anagram, then translating to English???) and way too easy at the same time. There really is no mystery; there are so few characters, that it's pretty obvious who the Teacher is about halfway through the book. And the action? PAH! None, or very, very sparse. Most of the book is long, boring talking scenes where Teabing and Langdon try to out-Wikipedia each other. I'd rather go to Wikipedia and read THAT then read the mangled facts here.<br/><br/>The other thing that drove me bonkers was how EVERYTHING, from Walt Disney to Sir Isaac Newton, from playing cards to the Mona Lisa, was about the Sacred Feminism. I don't doubt that the Sacred Feminism had its influence, but come on! It's like Brown randomly threw in artwork or famous people to be a part of his stupid conspiracy theory.<br/><br/>And the narrator! Good grief! A Geoffrey Harding narrated my copy, and he had the worst accents I've heard in a long time. Sophie sounded like a moron; the French sounded so ridiculous, I had to stop the iPod to laugh. And Harding reads everything in this movie trailer voice that makes the book seem so much more important than it is.<br/><br/>If you want a smart, intelligent read, don't go here. If you are expecting Indiana Jones style adventure, I think this is just too slow-paced for you. If you are looking for a Buddy Read to snark over, you've come to the right place!!<br/><br/>Brought to you by:<br/>*C.S. Light*
 On it's own, the Da Vinci Code is pretty good thriller. It isn't War and Peace obviously, but it makes for great light reading. There's some cool trivia, reasonably interesting people, a fast paced plot, somewhat clever mysteries, and it closes on a very satisfying note.<br/><br/>The problem with this book is ultimately Dan Brown. Having made up history in your book is totally acceptable, as are some of the historical coincidences he plays up. But you have to be honest about how fake your book is. Dan Brown has gone the opposite route; making up history or borrowing someone elses alt-history, and pretending that all the basic facts are true.<br/><br/>Let's make this clear: There is exactly as much evidence of Priory of Sion's very existence as there is for Bigfoot or the Loch Ness Monster. Several of the assertions made about Da Vinci's paintings are disproved by Da Vinci's other paintings. And he just completely made up the idea that some secret vault existed. Again, these things would be fine if Brown would just admit he was taking some creative license, but he refuses to.<br/><br/>If you can ignore that, I think you'll find this thriller enjoyable.
 I am overwhelmed by this remarkable novel that totally blew me away, with its richly detailed narrative and intricate plot. Sat on the edge of my seat in suspense throughout this has to be one of the finest mysteries ever written, with the author adding such realism (via facts and atmospheric elements) as to bring the story to life. Fascinating, intriguing and so interesting this absorbing book is one that captures your interest as you loose yourself within the most intense, dramatic and momentous mystery of all-time. Wow! This extraordinarily brainy thriller is just perfection itself and which not since reading Harry Potter by JK Rowling, have I been swept away by this breathless chase and compelling tale. Lies and deception amidst truth shrouded in secrets and secrecy where intrigue and menace mingle; the enigma that is piled on secrets and stacked on riddles will have you guessing until the very last page. This amazing, astonishing tale was so full of fascinating detail that I just could not get enough of Dan Brown; hence I can now honestly say that I am a ardent fan.<br/><br/>Harvard Professor Robert Langdon one night receives an urgent phone call whilst he is staying in Paris; stating that the elderly curator (Jacques Sauniérè) of the Louvre has been brutally murdered inside the museum in the Grand gallery. Alongside the body the police have found some baffling codes and as Langdon together with renowned Cryptologist Sophie Neveu, try to decipher them and uncover the message that the Professor was trying to give other secrets are being hidden from them both... As they sort through the bizarre riddles they are stunned to find that it leads them to the works of Leonardo Da Vinci - suggesting the answer to a mystery that stretches deep into the vault of history itself. Unless Langdon and Neveu can decipher the labyrinthine code and quickly assemble the pieces of the puzzle, a stunning historical truth will be lost forever.<br/><br/>This fast-paced, action packed story is one that never looses momentum with the chase never letting up until all the pieces of the puzzle are found. The entire concept is just pure genius and which is so exceedingly clever, and a masterful achievement by an author whose writing has exceeded all expectations for a wide-readership. Facts within the book include:<br/><br/>*The Priory of Sion - A European secret society founded in 1099, which is a real organization. In 1975 Paris's Bibliothèque Nationale discovered parchments known as Les Dossiers secrets, identifying numerous members of the Priory of Sion, including Sir Isaac Newton, Sandro Botticelli, Victor Hugo and Leonardo Da Vinci.<br/>The Vatican prelature known as Opus Dei is a deeply devout Catholic sect that has been the topic of recent controversy due to reports of brain-washing, coercion and a dangerous practice known as `Corporal Mortification'. Opus Dei has just completed construction of a $47 million national headquarters at 243 Lexington Avenue in New York City.<br/><br/>*All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals within this novel are accurate.<br/><br/>The Bishop Aringarosa and his protégé the albino Silas are two characters whom really stand-out within this novel of good VS evil, propelling the exciting plot on as you plunge head-first into a most thrilling tale. Murder, lies and secrecy envelop you as you follow Robert Langdon and Sophie on their quest to expose the truth beneath all the camouflage and out into the open. I never thought that I would be so deeply moved by a graphic, explicit and at times horrific thriller that was bloodthirsty and driven by ambitious men who in the name of God took the liberty of concealing one of the greatest secrets of all-time. Dan Brown's masterpiece is truly epic, mind-blowing and totally spectacular therefore I cannot enthuse enough about it nor praise it more highly - as this is not a genre that I would read often. Mind games are played as you unravel the past which cleverly merges into the present, linking us to our past in such a way that is astonishing and awe-inspiring. If you are looking for adventure, danger, twists &amp; turns and those moments that send chills down your spine then this is a must-read!!!
 I read this book two years after it came out, after all the hype had died down. I'm not one of those that goes to movies at their premier showing nor do I read the latest hot seller when it's hot. It's fast moving thriller about Robert Langdon, a symbologist from Harvard, who goes to Paris for a meeting with the curator at the Louvre that ends up being murdered by an albino monk before the meeting ever takes place. Accused of the crime, Robert ends up on the run from the French police with the curator's cryptologist granddaughter, Sophie. But the wise old curator left clues to a great secret in his dying moments so the chase is really about Robert and Sophie trying to find the Holy Grail while the police are trying to find them.<br/><br/>This is full of puzzles, riddles, twists and turns and keeps the reader glued to the text with that age old question--what happens next? It's too complicated to retell the story but it's about the Priory of Sion, a secret society founded in 1099 whose members included Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo, and Da Vinci, that possess a dangerous secret--the Holy Grail--that is also being sought by Opus Dei, a conservative Catholic organization based in New York City. Opus Dei, under the direction of the Pope, wants to suppress or destroy the information, as it is a great threat to Christianity.<br/><br/>The secret is that The Holy Grail is really in the person of Mary Magdalene and what is sought, when one speaks of looking for the Holy Grail, are documents that prove Mary to have been the wife of Jesus, his partner in the gospel of the sacred feminine. The underlying theme of the book is that the Catholic Church, in their patriarchal wisdom, suppressed the news that Jesus was married and had offspring because it destroyed the notion of his divinity and thus the power of the Church. According to this thesis, the "historical Jesus" was only human, a great human to be sure, but not a divine being. It advances the theme of the feminine side of God's nature that was, over and over, demonized by the Church starting at Nicea about 300 AD, when the books of the Bible were selected. But alas, there are missing documents that tell the real story!<br/><br/>The novel throws in everything but the kitchen sink to advance this theme of Catholic bashing--Eve, Original Sin, the Inquisition, the burning of witches (reference: the 15th century book, The Witches Hammer), the yin and yang of femininity and masculinity, Knights Templar, goddess theory, Emperor Constantine's political motives for declaring Christianity the official religion--it was all about power and politics--and the men won. It's conspiracy theory stuff-- and if one can read it as an entertaining work of conspiracy fiction, all well and good--but it isn't religion. Or maybe it is? Maybe it's another religion and I just don't recognize it. Oh well, it's not my religion. I like good fiction; but I never found one good enough to establish a new religion in me. And what is the Da Vinci Code? It refers to the painting, The Last Supper. The person seated at the right hand of God was not male, but was a disguised Mary Magdalene, Da Vinci's little joke.<br/><br/>I would love to read a review of this novel by C. S. Lewis, but since he's been dead since 1963, no such luck. I have an idea of what he'd say.<br/><br/>What somebody else (my source was lost) said was that the book followed a formula:<br/><br/>Initial setup--arrive at location--an intelligent Harrison Ford type, without a clue as to what is about to occur.<br/>Pontificate in a manner and breadth no human ever could or would.<br/>Repeat incessantly, without tiring, over a 24-hour period (within 450 pages).<br/>Conclusion--a weak one, at that.
 The first thing that, in my opinion anyway, needs pointing out is the fact that the Da Vinci Code does not match up to neither the super-rave reviews from the book's fans and positive reviewers, nor is it as bad as what seemingly just as many others make it out to be. Before moving on, a little more on this: no matter if a book is good, bad or indifferent, no author should have to be subject to such vile utterances as has been the case with Dan Brown in relation to this book, the second of three so far, of his Robert Langdon tales. I was particularly shocked and saddened to read the words used by a famous British comic actor, raconteur, presenter and writer; how would he like it if others did the same to him over his work? It's ok to dislike something; it's even ok to use very robust words in saying so, but these should never be insulting in nature.<br/><br/>Ok, the book itself, although I won't be covering the story as such or at least not in any detail at all; many others will have done this as it's I think 8 years since this was first out, so maybe a non-spoiler review may help the balance. Robert Langdon yet again finds himself unwittingly part of a secret war involving secret societies, symbols, conspiracies involving the church both in their doings and on the receiving end. There are others on the margins, equally as devious, some totally innocent yet perplexed, and Robert is seen to be deep in it, as it were.<br/><br/>The most positive reviewers for this work concentrate on things like 'pacy fast-action thriller', it really isn't, not the book, the film yes, the book, certainly not. There are some breakneck scenes, yes indeed, but most is the typical Dan Brown scene of Robert, and occasionally other equally intelligent players, rattling off tons and tons of obscure (and increasingly ridiculous) details and supposed facts about this symbol and its meaning, that personage and his secret doings, that society and their stance on conservatism in the church / the world and more likely bemoaning the lack thereof, and this goes on and on and on and on...<br/><br/>But - the biggest problem with this (as well as and more so even with The Lost Symbol), is its shockingly big-nothing ending.<br/><br/>A further thought - despite the negatives which are many and serious, despite this you'll still find that for about 300 of the 600 pages or so of most editions, there is a Joe Average tale to be had and enjoyed, and this, just about, saves its hide.<br/><br/>All in all, a Joe Average wet afternoon in November in Cleethorpes type of book. In modern terms, according to my daughter - 'Meh'.
 The Da Vinci Code is a controversial bestseller written by Dan Brown.It is a story about Robert Langdon,a Harvard symbologist who is against time as he goes through cathedrals,castles to reveal clues from art works by Leonardo da Vinci and the likes to uncover an astonishing truth that have remain hidden for many centuries concerning about Jesus,his divinity,Christianity,the scriptures and the bible.The novel was definitely controversial as it tries to bring new concepts and ideas about beliefs that Christians have held for centuries about their religious particularly Jesus.Although many Christians condemned it,it presented a great story from beginning to end.Also,we get to learn new information about the art works particularly that of da Vinci and some radically different ideas that go against the beliefs and principles of the Christian religion.There was suspense and tension in the story that makes it a page turner from beginning to end.To fully appreciate this novel,one should keep an open mind about the things presented in it.Finally,we must remember that Brown's main purpose is to give us a good story of fiction and not to throw away our religious beliefs and convictions.
 (Disclaimer: Before I submit my review, I must state on record that I do not believe Dan Brown's premise that Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene were married and that they had children.)<br/><br/>Now,onto the review. I came across this book in the library (after having it on hold for a very long time). I had just finished reading <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/How-to-Think-Like-Leonardo-da-Vinci-Seven-Steps-to-Genius-Every-Day/dp/0440508274/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">How to Think Like Leonardo da Vinci: Seven Steps to Genius Every Day</a> , so I was intrigued by another book that said there was something more to Leonardo Da Vinci. This book definitely added to that suspicion!<br/><br/>Overall, the book has all of the elements of a Hollywood thriller-exotic locations, car chases, controversial topics, mystery race against time, intrigue plot twists and turns. It is also a guaranteed page turner (454 pages). Once you start reading and really delve into the book , you will not be able to put it down. This is not the key to the book, rather the key is the author's ability to turn some of history's greatest unanswered questions (What is Mona Lisa really smiling at? What is the Holy Grail?) and turning into a fast-paced thriller that questions the basis of several widely held assumptions. This creates a puzzle and that's what keep you reading<br/><br/>This is my second time reading this book, so a lot more is clearer than the first time. On that note, here are my pros and cons:<br/><br/>Pros-As mentioned above, it is a fast-paced thriller with plot twists and intelligent characters (especially the lead characters  Harvard Professor Langdon Brown and the cryptographer Sophie). The research in this book, which would normally be a detriment to other books, is a strength because it fuels the whole book and leaves you wondering questions like "Was there something to that?" As you read, you will take an interesting journey through history, art and literature that is not discussed in the history book (partly because some of it hasn't been proven).<br/><br/>Cons-One of the (minor) downsides to this book is that the characters and plot elements are nearly identical to two other Robert Langdon books I have read: <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons-A-Novel-Robert-Langdon/dp/B003A02WR6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons: A Novel (Robert Langdon)</a> and <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Lost-Symbol/dp/0307950689/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Lost Symbol</a>- Langdon is called into action, a young, attractive lady who has some relation to the murdered individual in question helps him the quest, police don't have a clue, secret society that is seeking to grow its power, fringe group within that secret society uses an individual to conduct symbolic murder. Another minor downside is the fact that Robert Langdon seems to know an awful lot (almost too much at times!) Going through the book, I was like "How did he know that?")<br/><br/>Additional Guidance<br/>The premise of the book is the most contentious part of the book. If you can get past that, you are actually get to a well-written story.<br/><br/>The ending was a little weak. I still don't know exactly where the Holy Grail was kept and why they fought so hard to hide it, when they apparently were still looking in the wrong place.That being said, I also believed that it wrapped up too neatly. At the end, Robert Langdon walks off to the sunset, with another adventure under his belt. All of the bad guys are put away and life goes on.. Too cliche
 Generally, I try very hard to tread carefully when I write a negative review of an international bestseller.  I'm not going to bother this time.  I'm sorry if I offend Dan Brown's fans, but this book deserves a lashing.<br/><br/>First, I'll explain the two stars.  I thought about giving it one.  But it got two, since I made it to the end of the book.  Also, Dan Brown's "facts" stirred me enough to do my own research, so I did learn things I didn't know before.<br/><br/>Beyond that, however, there was nothing in this book I hadn't already experienced in Angels and Demons.  Naked old man found dead in a strange position -- check.  Token female scientist (who also happens to be hot) -- check. Poems written in iambic pentameter -- check.  Clues that could only make sense to our reluctant (and boring) hero, Robert Langdon -- check.  Factually incorrect information -- check, check, and double check.  Honestly, the plot "twists" at the end weren't even a surprise to me, because I knew how Angels and Demons ended, and Da Vinci ended the same way.  If anyone other than Dan Brown had written this book, it would have been considered plagiarism.<br/><br/>Additionally, for a book that flaunts "the sacred feminine" on every page, why is it that Brown's one female protagonist (Sophie) is an idiot?  She can't figure anything out on her own, and she needs a male baby-sitter to coax her into solving this mystery?  Maybe the author should have given her a copy of Angels and Demons before sending her on her quest.  Da Vinci Code would have been much shorter.<br/><br/>And finally, I echo what countless others have already stated: There are so many factual errors in this book that it can drive an educated person crazy.  I took a *basic* humanities course in college, about six years ago, and I still recognized many of the errors in Langdon's lectures.  I can only imagine that true art historians must be pulling their hair out.
 It must be terrible to be the Pope. You spend your entire life as a priest in dedicated service to the Catholic Church, undergoing years of study and pastoral work, working your way through the politics of the Vatican until you finally reach the top. Then, someone takes you aside into a quiet room and tells you 'Oh, by the way, this whole thing, it's about protecting the secret of Jesus' descendants so that we can make lots of money'.<br/><br/>'The Da Vinci Code' is a fairly standard example of the conspiracy thriller genre. These kind of stories about secret religious conspiracies, occult ceremonies, riddles and pseudo-spiritual hokum are one of the staples of airport fiction (along with novels about world-weary ex-spies being brought back for one last mission). In this company 'The Da Vinci Code' is actually a below-average effort, with tissue-paper characters (cardboard being too substantial), weak plotting with an addiction to cliffhangers, and a silly story that plagiarises other conspiracy writings (particularly 'Holy Blood, Holy Grail'). But it can be appreciated as a sort of campy fun, a potboiler to while away a few hours. It's certainly very easy to read, which partly explains its phenomenal popularity.<br/><br/>However, 'The Da Vinci Code' has had a double-existence as a publishing phenomenon, crossing over to become a true cultural icon. This is mostly down to good marketing, but also these kind of fads come around every now and again when people are looking for a bit of escapism. This novel also drew in a lot of people who don't ordinarily read much, and are perhaps a little more credulous about the kind of historical claims that Dan Brown makes. There's no need to discuss the veracity of the 'FACTS' presented here. If you really believe that the Priory of Sion exists, I have a bridge that you might be interested in buying. This novel also plugged into the disgruntled ex-Catholic market, obviously a lucrative niche. Dan Brown must have prayed nightly that the Vatican would denounce him so that he could sell another million copies.<br/><br/>'The Da Vinci Code' is worth a read, as many other novels of this kind are, but it is surely the most overhyped novel in history. If you want a more substantive example of the genre with some true intellectual grunt, try 'Foucault's Pendulum' by Umberto Eco.
 A fun, brain-teasing read. It's generated far more controversy than it's worth, however. The book almost feels as though Dan Brown wrote the chapter about the whole controversial Jesus / Mary Magdalene thing first, and then later came up with the plot surrounding it. The modern day action thriller plot, though interesting and suspenseful, doesn't feel quite like it gels with the historical / controversial side of things. The book almost feels like two halves of two different books (albeit good books) placed together, rather than one whole, seamless package. That said, the interesting peppering of historical facts throughout the books chapters made the book somewhat more compelling. The only thing about the book that I flat-out did not like was a reveal about two characters sneaking onto a plane. It felt too much like a cheesy "gotcha!" moment rather than a method of building suspense. Overall, this book is not without its faults, but definitely worth a read. If you are going to read any of Dan Brown's books, it must be said that you should read the Illustrated Editions! It enhances the experience so much to see the works of art / architecture in picture format as they're being referenced in the text.
 I didn't think this book was well-written and I think it had a lot of sensationalistic factual errors. I appreciate that it got so popular that it made people think about WHY they believe WHAT they believe, but so many of the three-page chapters ended in such obvious "baiting" cliffhangers that you could practically hear the "dun-dun-DUN!!!" in the space after each; it was written in a shamelessly deliberate-thriller-esque style to suck you in and manipulate you, and while a little of that sort of thing is good, the extent to which it was done in this book was really over the top. Tons of people loved this book because it was almost like reading a movie, with as little feeling of understanding the characters' motivations and as little actual realism as most action flicks. I did like that it gave people an opportunity to examine their beliefs (and did Pagans the favor of casting them in a positive light FOR THE MOST PART), but overall I thought it was kind of a sloppy, cheap-thrills book.
 This legendary novel has been touted as some sort of spiritual awakening in literature.  This seems to be at the forefront of the renaissance or resurgence of American contemporary literature.  This book bolsters the American league of so-called religious inspired Christian novels.  However, the novel is an affective hybridization of contemporary elements of suspense, murder, intrigue, religious mystery, conspiracy, and academic prowess.  This book is the quintessential combination between a modern novel and a deep religious and philosophical investigation of the origin of Christianity at its infancy.<br/><br/>The conundrum looms ever-present in the quizzical minds of the reader, either established protestant or even liberal extremist Christians.  The unrelenting paradigm of divinity is still the debate between the true and utmost divinity of Christ or a theory that alludes to his fleshly nature forsaking (or at least not emphasizing) the idea of marriage and children.  The question is did Christ ever marry Mary, one of his disciples and have a daughter? Was this titular daughter an heir to a great legacy on earth and did the divinity of her father get passed on to her, thus proliferating the blood of Christ's human lineage on earth.<br/><br/>If Christ, Jesus of Nazareth had a wife and child why would this all-important fact be meticulously hidden from the readers of the Bible, if the Bible is not the only account of the life of Jesus why hasn't an ancient scroll been discovered similar to the dead sea scrolls?  Some say that divine intervention allowed for the discovery of the Dead Sea scrolls and thus the production of the modern Bible.<br/><br/>When the Bible was translated and compiled by the Council of Trent and finally by King James I, a group of learned men used secular knowledge to determine which books would be left out of the Bible. If there is divine intervention and providence then why would God wait thousands of years after the establishment of his Church to tell people that he was married when marriage is summarily one of the most important aspects of human interpersonal relationships and is the primary reason why people of any culture would chose a religion in first place?!<br/><br/>Marriage and children is one of the most important aspects of life on earth and the point of religion. It seems paradoxical and futile to give intricate detail about so many different things one should not do to go to heaven...then neglect marriage!  The original Bible would not have left it out and there would have been extremely ancient scrolls speaking of the issue and due to divine intervention God would not have allowed those ancient scrolled to be ignored and left out of the Bible. Thus there is doubt about this entire conspiracy concerning the marriage of Christ to Mary.<br/><br/>However, perhaps Christ wanted the Holy Spirit to direct the hearts of men that have truly been saved to determine the issue of marriage instead of telling everyone that they have to get married or they will go to hell.  Christianity offers an alternative life-style that says great men sometimes don't get married and have kids and that's okay, because, the gospel did not want to alienate homosexuals it sought to offer them a way of life that would be considered respectable and noble in society.<br/><br/>The expression of the characters personalities and emotional motivations as well as their reactions to the events in the novel were unimpressive and evasive toward the true essence of the novel.  The novel, the word novel is a form of writing that is meant to display contemplative and sentimental ideas about the human spirit, this novel simply unraveled a mysterious conspiracy and neglected to give detail about how the characters felt and why which would have only taken a few words extra at the pivotal moments of the plot. However, action, adventure, mysteries revealed, and existential display of faith is too complex of a theme to add a lot of detail about the characters, the characters psyche and emotions are not as essential and could have distracted from the simple question...does Christ's blood live on in the flesh...is the answer--yes!<br/><br/>check out a book about a secret society
 There ought to be a maxim for the superstar blockbuster novel: The popular ones bring out a disproportionate share of dissenters. That's a wordy way of saying haters gonna hate. Even still, I can't quite believe how many people despise this book. I mean, c'mon, there are some rough edges, but overall Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code is a thrilling adventure. And, as some have already pointed out, it's FICTION people.<br/><br/>Why all the animosity? Do believers have such a precarious faith that The Da Vinci Code can so easily upset? I doubt it's that complicated. Rather, I think that some readers are just too smart for Dan Brown, and it annoys the flip out of them that a book so far beneath their reading level could be so widely popular.
 I don't really know why I was so reluctant to read this book. I've seen the movie, but I liked the movie. It was apparent within the first few chapters though, that the novel was going to be SO much better than the movie version. As is the case with most book to movie conversions. I wasn't prepared to like this book as much as I did!  This seems to be one of those books you either love or hate.  I usually try not to read reviews of books while I am writing them, however, this was one I wanted to get a good feel for what others thought before I reviewed it.  I wanted to make sure I covered points other reviewers brought up.  While some reviewers have very good points on both the love and hate sides, many of the negative reviews are from people who haven't even read the book, who just object to the slant taken on the religious aspects of the book.  That frustrates me. If you have read the book and didn't like it, then that's fine.  Don't rate the book based upon your view of the topic or amazon's customer service!!!<br/><br/>This book was full of action and adventure, secret societies, murder, mystery, and codes and clues.  It was one of those books that kept me on my toes thinking about what people said and did.  The whole thing, in my opinion was very well thought out and meshed well together.  Some of the plot twists and turns, I never saw coming.  Even though I've seen the movie!!<br/><br/>The takes on religions and secret societies didn't bug me.  I was raised Catholic, but I would consider myself an average Christian now.  Keeping in mind that this is work of fiction is imperative.  It isn't real people!  And for you conspiracy theorists, if you want to belive it is...more power to you.  If it makes you happy, just do that.  I can see why it would offend some people, but that is the same reason it is a bestseller.  Interesting and controversial subjects sell books!<br/><br/>One point that a few reviewers brought up was Brown's writing style.  They criticized the way he tells you instead of showing you.  For example, we know the main character, Robert Langdon, is a brilliant Harvard symbologist.  Why?  Because Dan Brown says he is brilliant instead of showing with descriptions.  I can see how this could bother some people.  In my opinion, it was a minimal problem and one that was easily overshadowed by the greater scheme of the novel.  Was it the most brilliant novel I have ever read?  No, not by a longshot.  Did I still enjoy it?  Yes.<br/><br/>Overall, really enjoyed this book.  I hardly ever read mystery/thriller books and this was a nice intro.  I'm glad I borrowed this from a friend!
 I admit I only read the book because it was being made into a movie and everyone at the time seemed to have an opinion about whether the book was from the pit of hell or not.<br/>I was sorely disappointed in it's predictability concerning both who the main antagonist was and what secret was ultimately being protected.  Dan Brown is no good at dropping hints that you can only pick up on a second reading: he makes them glaringly obvious the first time around.<br/>Anyone who has ever taken a religion class will realize exactly where he is going, and will probably spend half the book going "well that's highly debated"..."that's not actually accurate."<br/>And anyone who has ever read a book before will be able to guess "the big twist."<br/>At the time I felt that aside from a knowledge of codes, I was perfectly capable of having written the book myself at only 19...except I never would have published it, it's so bad.  Apparently people like bad writing.<br/><br/>It is an easy read, which is why I haven't given up on hoping he will eventually learn how to keep his plot twists under his hat until he's ready to unveil them.
 - Mild spoiler warning -<br/><br/>Normally I detest a shifting POV, but here it makes the story. There's no point in staying with one character, because characters don't matter. What matters is how they oppose each other.<br/><br/>Here, characters are nothing but chess pieces moving across the board. You want to watch those movements as they happen simultaneously, and opposing wills clash. One step ahead of the opponent, one step behind, just barely in time, a fraction of a second too late. Gain advantage in a series of brilliant moves, only to be checked at the end. You never know what's going to happen, and yet when it does, you realize that it makes sense this way.<br/><br/>There are no inconsistencies. More than once, just when I was about to question the author, "But why would they do that?" the narrator would pose the exact same question, and I could see my thoughts echo on the page as the explanation was given to me.<br/><br/>You always want to keep reading! Whether it's to learn the promised revelation, or to see what the opponent would do next, or just to uncover more secrets, it's an entertaining read.<br/><br/>Things that I feel detracted from the enjoyment:<br/><br/>- The conclusion. What was the point?<br/>- The stakes. What were the stakes again?<br/>- And speaking of which, what were the motives? Protagonist's motives, I mean.<br/>- The protagonist. He's just a tag-along. He's got no agency.<br/>- Speaking of motives again, don't tell me he did it all just because of a certain character's pretty looks. Well, got what he wanted at the end...<br/><br/>However, because I haven't had such fun with a book since forever, I'm not going to take off a star.
 I have heard this book was a best seller. That is true. At the time it was published I saw people reading it in English, French, Korean, Spanish---and I was amazed. It was absolute junk. I put it down after 10-15 pages, and wondered what the fuss was about. Perhaps I shut try reading it again, but I don't think so. My time is limited.
 Usually, when someone has to say something like "relax -- it's just a story!" it means that the work in question is trash.<br/><br/>Good stories normally don't require a defense; they are their own justification.<br/><br/>But, it seems that Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code is one of those rare instances of a good story that does require a defense beyond simply pointing to the work. Why should this be so? I think it's 1) due to the enormous popular success this book has enjoyed, and 2) the faux-seriousness of its subject matter (i.e., how it "blasphemes"). If The Da Vinci Code didn't somehow become a mainstream hit, and didn't strike some people's sacrosanct nerves, I doubt anyone would be so incensed as to try to tear it down, as people obviously do.<br/><br/>To begin with, The Da Vinci Code is a good book. What Dan Brown understands -- and better than most contemporary authors -- is the art of suspense. His management of information, leading cliffhanger to cliffhanger, and always making sure that the pressure is on, is superb. I grant that the book is shy in terms of classroom literary aesthetics, but what of that? It isn't every author's dream to compete with Beckett or Joyce; some simply want to construct stories. Some might say that Brown's characterization is flat, or obvious, etc., or that his situations are cliche -- one of the Spotlight Reviewers here complains at the use of an albino monk, but is that any more preposterous than Hugo's Hunchback, or Shakespeare's Caliban? The question about whether Robert Langdon is Indiana Jones Mk. II, or not, misses the point -- none of those elements would mean a thing if the work as a whole were poorly constructed. It isn't whether he uses archetypes, but whether he uses them to good effect or not.<br/><br/>By aiming all of the darts of their critiques at those areas where Brown isn't much concerned, they miss the genius of his work. It is as though they think the book has sold all of those copies by accident. Brown's strength is in his pacing, and in his clarity of communication, and in his clean descriptions, and in his mastery of the elements of suspense. By incorporating elements of popular culture, conspiracy, and some fascinating (if not always accurate) historical detail, Brown creates a monster of a book that doesn't *need* powerful metaphors or poetic descriptions to do what he wants it to do.<br/><br/>I take it that most of Brown's critics must believe that what he does is, somehow, easy. That, if literary authors left off trying to reinvent language, and tried their hardest to just hammer out a story that could grab people by the hair and pull them through a plot... well, they could do it in an instant. I'd like to suggest that there's more talent in doing something like that than they realize, and that Brown could probably write a "deep, literary" novel faster than they could construct a would-be megahit.<br/><br/>Brown's book isn't, perhaps, what you want it to be. But what it is, it is truly great at being, and this is the secret of its success.
 Harvard symbology professor Robert Langdon is called to the Louvre where he starts his wild adventure with a murder mystery. With the help of French cryptographer, Sophie Neveu, he finds clues and riddles left behind in the works of famous artist Leonardo Da Vinci, guaranteeing a chase to one of the biggest secrets from the last two centuries. I found the fast-paced and non-stop action always able to keep my attention, the short chapter length only adding to this further. It enabled Brown to jump from perspective to perspective seamlessly, pushing the story closer to that final peak in the novel. Brown was also able to captivate his readers through the use of cliffhangers at almost every turn of the page. While sometimes this can hurt a story, I thought this aspect of the book kept me interested and involved. I would say there is little background or introduction to the characters, and you as the reader are slammed right into the action of the mystery. It can also be concluded that Brown has done an extensive amount of research and investigation into his portrayal of history and the societies found in it. This research, however, has its critics, seeing as if the evidence and arguments found in the novel turn out to be true, it would disturb the entire religious scene in almost every location around the world. Over the course of the book, Brown questions the divine nature of Jesus and presents a supposed marriage to Mary Magdalene, to create a bloodline that continues into the modern times. In his defense, he is not some kind of historian or theologian, but just a plain writer doing his job to entertain his audience. And if I am one to judge, he did a pretty good job at it. This book is clearly written to a more mature audience, including graphic content things like ritualistic sex, murder, and self abuse. In addition to these aspects of the novel, intellectual ideas and concepts found throughout the novel may be confusing for kids, or even some adults.
 Before reviewing the actual book I would like to say a few things.<br/><br/>It is true, this is not the most original book in the world. Several novels,  movies, and so forth, have involved the Holy Grail, religious mysteries, Mary Magdalene, and so forth. The novel draws greatly upon the research of Henry Lincoln, one of the authors of The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail (or in America: Holy Blood, Holy Grail). It has been called a watered down version of Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum, but even Umberto's novel was said to have drawn upon the Illuminatus! trilogy of books. There are yet even other books with similar plots. Yet, each of these has it's own approach to these types of secret society and religious mystery. Yes, Dan Brown's book is not perfectly accurate on historical things but don't forget this is FICTIONAL novel. People are treating this like it is Holy Blood, Holy Grail. That book DOES present the theories as fact. This book presents the same things on a fictional level.<br/><br/>If anything, if Dan Brown's novel gets people to think about what they believe and lead them to reading other such literature from the formentioned novel, has it not done some good? One could argue that Shakespeare is really not that great, or that many "legendary" writers are not that great. However I can see how if you have read these books before you might find it predictable. I however have not (yet)<br/><br/>That being said, I gave this book the Tabula Rasa treatment. I found the book to be very interesting, addictive, and more in depth than the movie (which I did enjoy, but after reading the book I find the novel to be a much more fulfilling experience). It's a moderately thick book but I found it to be a very fast read because I just couldn't put it down. It gets you interested in things, I found myself looking up things it discussed often. It's a real thought provoking book and very entertaining. Considering there are about 3000 used copies for under a dollar, I reccomend you buy it. If you don't like it, you would not have spent very much.
 This is a very enjoyable read that just has a few things that bother me about it that prevent from being a great one. First with the good. Robert Langdon is back and there is an element in comfort in getting to know your protagonist. The only problem is, there is not much new to learn about him, he is kinda the same character just in a little different of a plot. But he is still a fairly good protagonist, the insights he presents, especially a lot of the ones relating to symbology. There is some interesting information on a lot of topics that is presented in here, and it is nice to actually have some depth to the story of the novel. Granted, at times, it does feel like there are some liberties taken with some of these "facts."<br/><br/>There are a few things that prevent this novel from being great. First, it is very frustrating that there are some really complex puzzles that our characters figure out very quickly, then get stuck forever every once in a while on what seem like trivial tricks in comparison. Granted, this is done for the story to flow and work correctly, but at the same time it can be very frustrating. There are also a few points in the novel where I feel Brown gets a little to hung up in trying to explain some elements to the reader, and it just feels like a bit too much at times. Granted, I would much rather have a bit too much than too less, but it does feel like a bit too much.<br/><br/>Finally, the most important element of the novel, the plot, is a great thriller one here. There is a lot of action and a quite a few surprises all over the place, and they feel great. Most don't feel forced, and most of the time, our characters feel grounded. And if you are okay with a few shortcomings, the majority of The Da Vinci Code is a great and very enjoyable read.
 The curator of the Louvre (Sauniere) was mysteriously murdered in the museum, leaving a cryptic message written beside his body in blood, and a pentacle drawn on his stomach. (Sauniere was also an expert in symbolism). When found, he was naked and posed like Da Vinci's the "Vitruvian Man."<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, Harvard Professor of Symbology, is in town and is asked to investigate, and joined by the victim's granddaughter, a police cryptographer. (Actually, the French police suspect Langdon is the murderer, and use this as a way to help incriminate him.) Solving the murder requires answering a string of riddles hidden in works of Da Vinci.<br/><br/>They eventually learn that Sauniere was the head of a secret religious group (Priory of Sion) which has guarded the secret to the true nature,  whereabouts, and the "keystone" that unlocks documents of the Holy Grail that would shake the foundations of the Catholic Church. Landon and Neveu seek the find the Grail, following clues Sauniere left behind.<br/><br/>Also in pursuit, however, are Sauniere's killers. They have used members of the Catholic order Opus Dei as pawns to lead them to the place of the Grail's hiding. Langdon and Neveu determine that there is a battle between Opus Dei and the Priory of Scion over whether Jesus fathered a child with Mary Magdalene, the descendant of whom is among them.<br/><br/>Landon and Neveu meet up with Sir Leigh Teabing, wealthy aristocrat and expert on the Grail, who tells them the grail is not the cup of Christ, but the container that held his seed - Mary Magdalene, who bore a daughter by him. After his crucifixion, Mary and her child fled to France, and there the divine ancestral line of Christ was continued down the ages. The Priory of Scion kept the tomb of Mary Magdalene and the hundreds of documents that told the truth of the divine feminism. Leonardo Da Vinci had been a former head of the Priory of Sion.<br/><br/>Langdon and Neveu, with help from Sir Teabing (Opus Dei agent), follow an intricate maze of cryptograms to find the truth of the Grail, and the place of its final hiding. Teabing arranges additional murders to cover up his role, and the mystery-solving goes on. Eventually the French police are convinced of Langdon's innocence after being contacted by a Catholic Cardinal who was involved.
 For a while I resisted reading this book, thinking that it could not possibly be as good as its hype. Well, I was wrong. This is simply one terrific book that will keep the reader riveted to its pages until the very last one is turned. It is a very well-written, intricately plotted thriller in which a great number of esoteric historical facts and interesting theories of a religious nature are woven. Those who read it should, first and foremost, keep in mind that this book is simply a work of fiction.<br/><br/>All hell breaks loose when Jacques Sauniere, the elderly and revered curator of the Louvre, is murdered inside the museum. The crime scene and the body itself are laden with symbols and cryptic messages pointing to renowned Harvard symbologist, Robert Langdon. He is invited to the crime scene by the wily Captain Bezu Fache, of the Central Directorate Judicial Police, the French equivalent of our Federal Bureau of Investigation, ostensibly to assist the police. Little does Langdon know that he is, in fact, the prime suspect.<br/><br/>When he meets police cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, they join forces. They are then led on a merry chase by a series of riddles and ciphers that are ground in a historical context. They are always just one step of the French police, who seem determined to charge Langdon with the murder of Jacques Sauniere. During their voyage of discovery, Langdon and Sophie come across a secret society, the Priory of Sion, that has a startling list of former members, which list includes Leonardo Da Vinci, as well as the late Jacques Sauniere. There is also some interesting historical detail about the ancient Knights Templar, as well as Opus Dei, a conservative religious organization currently in existence.<br/><br/>Langdon and Sophie peel back layers of historical clues that point to a secret of such magnitude that some would kill for it. As Langdon and Sophie surreptitiously travel from France to England and seem to be headed closer to the heart of the mystery that they are trying to unravel, an unknown nemesis is closer to them than they would dare imagine. This unknown adversary is marshaling resources in order to obtain the long hidden secret that Langdon and Sophie appear to be on the brink of discovering. It is one that has the potential to have earth shattering implications.<br/><br/>This is a fast-paced, plot driven, rather than character driven, thriller. It hurls itself into the reader's consciousness at break-neck speed, and before the reader realizes it, the book holds the reader in its thrall: hook, line, and sinker. For those readers who love historical detail and unusual facts and coincidences, this is definitely a fascinating book that will hold their interest. It is a page-turning thriller in which nearly every chapter leaves the reader on the brink of a precipice. The book is written in clear, effortless prose, which makes the most esoteric historical details surprisingly easy to understand. Simple in its presentation but intricate in its plotting, it is no surprise that this book has become a runaway, international bestseller. Bravo!
 Loved this! Can't believe I sat on it for so many years. The "Twist" towards the ending was so incredibly cliche that at first I thought it was a fake out... until I realized it wasn't. But past that, this was an incredibly enjoyable read. If you like thrillers told from a more intellectual slant, then you'll like this. The last page was perfect &lt;3
 The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown is a thrilling, staggering, and convoluted story that broadened my understanding of creativity. The main character Robert Langdon uses his expertise as a Harvard symbologist to crack an important mystery that could completely change people’s view on Christianity.  The way that Dan Brown expertly paints a complicated mystery with many surprises can leave anyone astonished. The plot centers around Robert Langdon and his French accomplice Sophie Neveu and how they both use their underappreciated skills to solve one of the greatest mysteries in the world. They make more friends throughout the story, such as Leigh Teabing. There are also many staggering twists and betrayals that add to the excitement of the story. One that stood out to me was the discovery that Remy, Leigh’s butler, was working for the teacher, also known as the Church, who was both Robert and Sophie’s enemy. I also found it quite unsettling, but in a good way if that makes sense, how passionate Silas was about following his faith. Although I love the story itself, I felt like it would get a little confusing at times whenever new information was discovered, like when the keystone was found and Leigh had explained what it was with a plentiful backstory. Overall I thought the book was extremely entertaining, and unique.
 I like to work logic puzzles and I love a good plot-filled mystery with lots of surprises, and this one had them in abundance.  And the city of Paris in general and the Louvre museum in particular are made to order for heart-pounding thrillers, and this book is no exception.  The symbolism is wildly fascinating,the characterizations are good, the pace is fast, and the twists and turns of the plot kept me on the edge of my seat.<br/>However, I had two problems with the book -- or maybe I can say ONE objection with two aspects, and each objection cost it one star in my evaluation.<br/>1.  There are a lot of historical "facts" given here that challenge the teachings of Orthodox Christianity (both Catholic and Protestant).  I won't go into detail about them here, but I'll say this:  I wish the author had given some good, solid sources so that we, the readers, could have checked on the sources ourselves.  One of the characters in the story states that many "respected" historian-scholars could corroborate the view about the "real" meaning of the Holy Grail and the "real" history of Christ.  I would have liked to know who they were.  I also would like to have known if the story's take on the life of Christ, the Knights Templar and the Holy Grail legend was an honest-to-goodness historical view or one invented by the author for the story's purpose.<br/>2.  I also felt like the author was "blaming" Christianity for the bad treatment of women.  Maybe he wasn't, and I misunderstood him.  But I feel it is important to mention that the church did not invent the bad treatment of women.  This is important to know, because while the church(both Catholic and Protestant) has left a lot to be desired in its treatment of women, the view of women as inferiors (which is unBiblical, by the way) was in existence long before the church ever came into being.<br/>Anyone who has studied Western Civilization and/or Far Eastern history will know that ancient cultures, many of whom had a plethora of female deities, still treated their women like dirt.  The ancient Greeks held women in contempt -- just read Aristotle, who lived before Christ. Ancient and not-so-ancient India and China have historically mopped up the floor with women, female deities in their culture notwithstanding.<br/>I know what an extreme patriarchal mindset some churches have -- as a woman I have been on the receiving end of it.  But let's not blame Christianity in general and the Catholic Church in particular for causing it.  Misogyny is extremely ancient!<br/>The book is worth reading, but before taking any of its claims as truly historical, it behooves us all to check out our facts!
 I listened to this book on a Playaway device that I checked out from my local library. I'm not going to do an in-depth review of the book's content, nor am I going to address its historical accuracy (or any of the other topics that have already been beaten to death). I would like, however, to present my personal opinion of the work as I experienced it.<br/><br/>Majoring in law in college, I had to read for what seemed like 5 years straight. As a result, I prefer to listen to my 'leisure' books on CD and the like, as I did with this one. The audio was unabridged and 16 hours long. I enjoyed the story immensely, and feel the 16 hours were very well spent, though making my way through the 106 chapters sometimes felt like it was taking a very looooong time. Two things bugged me as I 'read'; the author used the word 'now' incessantly, to the point that it started grating on my nerves about 1/3 of the way through. "It was darker now", "It was quieter now", "They were getting closer now..." AAAAGH! The other was the reader's bad attempt at character's accents. He did French very well, but his British accents were a strange bastardization of English, Scotch, Irish and who knows what. Not a big deal, but glaring enough that you'd think the director/producer of the project would've noticed it.<br/><br/>Admittedly, nothing in the story ever really surprised me, many of the twists I saw coming a mile away, but at the same time I didn't find the ending rushed or incomplete as some reviewers did. I read several reviews before I decided to post my own and have to shake my head at the huge number of verbose, negative critiques. Sometimes I think people enjoy hearing themselves type, so they make a much bigger issue out of things than is necessary. This book is a light, fun novel and I'm glad that I chose to listen to it.
 We all most likely remember the controversy surrounding another bestseller, "A Million Little Pieces" in which the author, James Frey, admitted that he fabricated and changed some parts of his memoir. This resulted in quite an attack by Oprah Winfrey, whom I've grown to despise but that's another story. The Da Vinci Code is similar in a way: using true-life events and adding to it some fictional elements. It's certainly quite an interesting book but at the same time you can deflate the entire thing at times.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon(also the star of Angels and Demons) comes across an odd sight: a naked man killed inside the Louvres, Paris' famous mansion. Also written are several clues which point to works by Leonardo Da Vinci. Langdon and a French cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, investigate the murder leading to a secret that's extremely well guarded and can derail people's beliefs, all while being pursued by a weird albino monk and a french policeman.<br/><br/>I'll just say this upfront: I'm not a Catholic at all. I was baptized Roman Catholic but the only times I go to church are weddings and funerals. First, I live my life according to what I think it should have and contain, not rules and regulations imposed by a religion. And second, I never liked the fact that my entire faith is devoted to a book. People dismiss this book as trying to pass itself off as fact when it's entirely fiction yet we believe wholeheartedly in another book. So reading this I don't get filled with a sense of outrage at the sense of "blasphemy" in the book. We don't have to believe the Da Vinci Code as fact but completely dismissing it because it says some naughty things is quite ignorant.<br/><br/>Now, as a book how is it? Well it's certainly an entertaining read. I literally finished it in one night. "One more chapter" I kept saying until I noticed I was nearing the end and just said "the hell with it" and finished it off. However, looking back on it there's quite a couple odd parts. A lot of characters remember important information at extremely convenient times. Mind you, a significant portion(or the entire portion, I'm not sure), happens within a span of 1-2 days or even one night and the idea all this can happen is quite preposterous. Also, there's a lot of background information on Catholic history throughout and if you're not that well versed(like me), you're gonna often re-read parts just to keep your facts straight.<br/><br/>Is it a book worthy of your time? Sure, it's quite an enthralling read and quite addicting at times. Just don't start believing everything it says or you'll be one of those people with signs above your heads shouting chants very easily.
 Interesting idea, bad execution.<br/><br/>The last thing the world needs in another reasonably literate and discerning person to pen yet another screed against Dan Brown and his excesses. For this very reason I had resolved NOT to read The Da Vinci Code, which had been almost universally damned to me. But I wondered several weeks ago about the book's enduring popularity, and so I picked up a copy last week at the library. It goes without saying that upon further review, The Da Vinci Code is a bad book.<br/><br/>Whatever one thinks of the cardboard characters, the specious romantic hook-up at the end or the infuriating cliffhanger ending to EVERY chapter, those factors do not make The Da Vinci Code a bad book. They make it a mediocre book, of which there are many--especially among similarly paced and plotted thrillers.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is bad for four reasons.<br/><br/>1. Dan Brown gets history wrong. I am all for playing fast and loose with historical facts. In When Christ And His Saints Slept, Sharon Kay Penman invents a bastard son of Henry I from whole cloth to serve as a witness to the events of the story. In The Last Kingdom and The Pale Horseman, Bernard Cornwell alters the historically established timeline of Alfred the Great's reign in order to make his story a more elegant and linear tale.<br/><br/>But Dan Brown makes no attempt to adapt or smooth or otherwise tailor history to suit his needs: he simply makes it up. The Dead Sea Scrolls are NOT early Christian documents. Constantine did not order the Council of Nicaea. Regardless of what one thinks of the theological implications of Brown's fictive assertions, these are facts that he got WRONG.<br/><br/>2. You could drive a truck through the holes in the plot. In a mystery or a puzzle story, as Damon Knight so eloquently explains, one need not understand the motivations or machinations of the main characters so long as one can eventually comprehend such actions of the other characters, the ones who drive the story. Here, not so much. How did Teabing find out about what the Vatican planned for Opus Dei? What ever happened with the guy at the Swiss bank? After going to such extremes, Silas and Bishop Aringarosa just give up? As such...<br/><br/>3. The only character with a believable emotional investment in the story is the bad guy. Brown's one shining moment of characterization is when the bad guy is revealed. Of all the astounding lengths to which the various characters go to achieve their ends, only the bad guy's is truly believable. And consequently, he is the only character the reader has any reason to root for, depraved as he is.<br/><br/>4. Brown goes overboard making his case for the divine feminine. According to Dan Brown, women and men held equal footing before the time of Christ. The sacred halves of the universe, male and female, were celebrated and honored equally. It wasn't until the Apostles Peter and Paul tried to get rid of Mary Magdalene (sorry, couldn't resist the whole Peter, Paul &amp; Mary angle) that the divinity of women was called into question. Hmmm... Right. Women had it great before Constantine sided with the misogynists of the world. No oppression in ancient cultures. No treating women like property. Nope. Everything was hunky-dory because women were equal to men. Uh huh.
 After having read &amp; loved this book when it first came out, I finally shelled out the bucks for the illustrated edition. I wanted to see the different places, items &amp; pictures featured in the book looked like. As such, this review is going to be more about how different a read it is than the non-illustrated version.<br/><br/>I'm not going to bother going over the plotline as DVC is one of the most recognizable books out right now. Now as far as the plotline goes, I really enjoyed this book the first time I read it. It's a quick &amp; easy read, with subject matter that's intriguing... whether or not it's actually "true". My biggest problem with the book is that there's not a lot of re-readablity to DVC. Once I finished the book, I just couldn't get as involved in the plot as I did on the first reading.<br/><br/>So as a result, I decided to look into the illustrated edition. The pictures in this are slick &amp; beautiful, so they give me something to look at if I get bored with Brown's book. While that's not exactly a great selling point, it brought a new layer to the book that I'd already read. After going through the illustrated edition, I decided to go ahead &amp; purchase it. Now after doing so, I have to admit that this is really the book that should have been released in the first place. It's a much more entertaining read with the pictures &amp; sites added in.<br/><br/>But bottom line? If you didn't really like the book when it first came out, you'll probably want to avoid purchasing this version of it. The pictures are nice, but if you didn't like the book to begin with, this book won't change your mind.
 On a vacation I took last year, I noticed that half the crowd was reading one Dan Brown book or another, so I decided to get on board by reading "Angels and Demons" followed by the "The Da Vinci Code," which both chronicle the adventures of Robert Langdon, part Harvard Professor symbologist (with a sub-specialty in secret societies), and part Indiana Jones. The beautiful, lithe and brilliant Vittoria of "Angels" is now replaced by the equally beautiful, lithe and brilliant Sophie Neveu, top-rate French criminologist. The books both follow the same basic formula: plenty of cliff-hangers, good guys who are really bad, and suspicious ornery guys who are really good.<br/><br/>In short, in "The Da Vinci Code," an albino monk, a member of Opus Dei -- a secret Catholic offshoot where the leaders flog themselves and wear barbed wire anklets (I realize there's more to it than that)-- has been ordered by the "Teacher" to murder the top members of the Priory of Scion, another secret society, which alone holds the key to the real history of Jesus' life and early Christianity. Its military branch, Knights Templar, now long defunct, has hidden the Holy Grail, which is not a chalice (or cup of any sort) but rather secret documents revealing the importance of Mary Magdalene in the Jesus story. Before he is murdered, The most important member of the Priory, Jacques Sauniere (Sophie's grandfather who raised her after the death of her parents) leaves clues for Sophie and Robert to find the Grail, so that the "true" story of Jesus might not be lost. Some of these clues are revealed in the greatest works of Leonardo Da Vinci, who himself was once the top dog of the Priory (hence the title of the book). Sophie hasn't spoken to her poor grandfather in years, after she observed him taking part in a Paganistic ritual, symbolically "joining" Father and Mother Earth. Other, more thinly drawn characters also figure into the plot. As in "Angels," the chapters are short, most ending in a cliff-hanger or a surprising revelation. Pages are turned quickly as the reader races to reach a resolution. I guessed the identity of the Teacher early on, not because I'm particularly insightful, but because I think I understand how Brown creates plot (actually, later in the book, I changed my mind about the Teacher's identity, having been misled by the private thoughts of a character who actually knew who he was, which I felt was somewhat dishonest on the author's part).<br/><br/>Dan Brown is a fairly proficient thriller writer. What makes him so popular, I believe, is that he tackles big and provocative issues such as the "true" life and teachings of Jesus, the nature of the Vatican and Catholicism, and world-wide conspiracies led by super secret societies. Just from browsing the other day in a book store, I think it's obvious that other writers will now attempt to copy Brown by dealing with these subjects as well.<br/><br/>In conducting some research on some of the claims in "The Da Vinci Code" I learned that Brown often relies on questionable unscholarly sources. For instance, although most scholars agree that the figure to the immediate right of Jesus in Da Vinci's "Last Supper" is the Apostle John, Brown claims it's definitely Mary Magdalene, relying on sources who come up with their "theories" largely on pure speculation. It's certainly interesting, but what is it really based on? At one point, the book claims that, in a three hundred year period, the Catholic Church put to death five million women, by burning them at the stake, for being guilty of one kind of heresy or another. Shouldn't a highly disturbing and controversial claim like this be thoroughly documented? It's my understanding that this number is probably wildly inflated (although, for certain, any number is unacceptable).<br/><br/>As a non-Christian, I agree with Brown's assessment that there seems to be a profound disconnect between the teachings of Jesus according to the New Testament (i.e. anti-accumulation of wealth, forgive the sinner, turn the other cheek) as compared with the later practices of the Catholic Church, especially during Medieval times. Brown's overall theme seems to be that women were considered far more important in early Christianity (as influence by Paganism) which later developed into a male-dominated religion that subjugated women. However, many cultures and religions throughout history have, unfortunately, subjugated women, including various forms of "Paganism."<br/><br/>In the end, I appreciate that "The Da Vinci Code" has made me think about these issues. The problem is the slew of books that have, and will continue to follow by less talented writers who re-interpret some major religion or piece of history without any factual basis, or claim some massive conspiracy by some secret society that has little influence in the real world.
 In all honesty, I read the book so that I could see the movie - I was pained to see the hack job the movie did on John Grisham's "A Time To Kill", and didn't want to have my opinion of "The Da Vinci Code" book unduly influenced by the movie. I also read "Angels and Demons", the first Robert Langdon (the main character of "The Da Vinci Code") first, and am glad I did so, as I preffered it.<br/><br/>Like "Angels And Demons", Dan Brown fuses art, history and religion into a fast-paced thriller, taking us from the murder of the ranking members of a secret society (Priory of Scion), delving into hidden meaning in Leonardo Da Vinci's works, giving us a broad relgious history overview, before bringing us to the climactic finish in the United Kingdom. Again, the short chapters are a neat writing style which invites the reader to keep reading, often without realizing how much time has passed. I like the characters Dan Brown creates, his ability to create interest in art history and symbology, while at the same time creating a novel with many surprising twists.<br/><br/>I'm not quite sure I understand the "this is an anti-catholic church" stance some take over this book. It is, after all, a work of fiction, which Dan Brown readily admits. Yes, he references real works of art and locations, but he uses them to lend more credibility to his work of fiction. The ultimate goal here, I believe, is not to point fingers at hidden agendas of anyone's faith (and I'm sure any organization, regardless of intent, has skeletons in their closets - look at the Spanish Inquisition, for example) nor is it to express belief in secret societies. Rather, I think, it's Dan Brown's intent to make us THINK. Take a few moments to ponder the "what if's".<br/><br/>And let's face it with over 40 million copies sold, a major film made, countless books written to substantiate, refute or embellish his novel, not to mention the endless controversy, and statements by the Holy See of the Catholic Church...I'd say that Dan Brown has admirably achieved his goal, and surpassed it probably beyond his wildest expectations.<br/><br/>So bearing all that in mind, and setting my own endorsement of this being a good book aside, as you're sitting there reading this, you should really be wondering whether you should even bother looking at the star rating this book has garnered.<br/><br/>And if that isn't a sign of a good book, what is?
 I wrote that dedication bit with a rose between my teeth. I'll preface by saying I read Angels and Demons when it was an airport paperpack (literally bought it in a terminal) on the rack next to all the Fabio-esque romance novels. I enjoyed that book when I read it.<br/><br/>Little did I know that Dan Brown would turn into this, I'd forgotten about him until an International Marketing professor brought up how he just finished the "DaVinci Code" by Dan Brown. "Dan Brown, Dan Brown," I said to myself, "Where in hell do I know that name? Oh yeah, I read 'Angels &amp; Demons' couple years back." The professor chirped on about this "amazing author", his words.<br/><br/>I wouldn't call Dan Brown amazing, though, not in every area of literature. Needless to say, I procrastinated in picking up "The DaVinci Code" because I guess I was being a little snobby. But I eventually did pick up the book. I wouldn't call Dan Brown amazing because he could work on trite dialogue and cookie-cutter character mannerisms. "The Davinci Code" reads very much plot-wise as "Angels &amp; Demons".<br/><br/>Plot is not what made "The DaVinci Code" such a critical success. The consiracy aspect of the book coupled with arguments backing the premise are what make it critically acclaimed. Detail of setting and scene, a writing that has the reader hiding in the shadows of the Louvre or running out of breath with Langdon "to the next" cathedral. Impeccable foriegn city description puts YOU THERE. This is what made "The DaVinci Code" such a success.<br/><br/>I loved reading about the conspiracies presented in this book. It doesn't matter how much flak is fired in retort to the novelist. In fact, those fools miss marginally. "The DaVinci Code" begs the reader to open HER eyes and question things and not be ignorant. A novel such as this BEGS the reader to do research on HER own. I began viewing women in a reverant light after I read this book.<br/><br/>Perhaps Dan Brown has an Oedipus complex and I hadn't had one before I read his book, but the idea of the feminine divine, regardless of religion, creed, institution, beaurocracy, government, is a wonderful concept that has been exposed by the book. Can you deny the beauty of a flower? This is the heart of "The DiVinci Code".<br/><br/>Don't expect "best ever" characters or unfolding events. They are not on these pages. It's a controversial book just as valid as its nit-picking retorts.<br/><br/>I really recommend it to anyone who hasn't read it yet. YES! That means the both of you!<br/><br/>Now I'll put that rose back between my teeth and shut up.
 I wish to state that I probably have never read a book that more signifies the cliche "can't put it down". Chapter after chapter hooked me, and I got in trouble more than once by spending time reading it instead of tending to "more important things". Not only does it do it with standard cliff-hanger-danger chapter-endings, but also is superb with revealing bits of information regarding religion and history that made me want to hang in there and see where it was leading.<br/><br/>I am a Roman Catholic who takes his children to church every week. I was raised in the religion, and believe that SOMETHING big must have happened 2000 years ago for so many people to write and die for this cause (on the other hand, folks are doing this today and I don't agree with them). I love the simplicity of the message of Jesus Christ, and think that the BASIC tenets are pretty darn good things to live by.<br/><br/>But I'm also aware that "da rules" of the Church and the stories we hear are very possibly not 100% the way things actually happened. I am aware that the "official" version we have today is what was pieced together by people several hundred years after the life of Christ. I'm also willing to believe that writings that did not fit into a desired mold may have been excluded and destroyed.<br/><br/>I am also very aware that the 50% of the population that can actually grow life and give birth have been treated very shabbily throughout history. Even today women cannot be priests, and hold no power in the Catholic structure. I would not be less faithful if women could be priests, Mary was not a virgin mother, and Mary Magdalene the love of Jesus. This book raises these questions.<br/><br/>It also raises a very interesting discussion. Just WHAT IF the real Jesus Christ had a healthy male-female loving relationship with Mary Magdalene? What if she, in essence, was Jesus' girlfriend? What would God now be thinking of his creation (i.e., us) over the last, oh, 1700 years, to see that his "official" church was recording the love of his life as a common hooker? Very, very powerful stuff to think about.<br/><br/>I love this book because it makes one think about these things, things I don't think make you less of a religious person for at least wanting to discuss it. But in my opinion, the book sets itself up way too high, and can't find an ending worthy of the build-up.<br/><br/>The build-up we are given deserves no less. Thus, four stars instead of five.
 Robert Langdon is a scholar who is awakened in his hotel room one night by the Paris police.  When he goes with the authorities to a murder scene, he's pretty upset about it.  Apparently, the docent for the Louvre Museum has been murdered.  And Mr. Langdon was supposed to have met up with the murder victim several hours prior to his death.  But he says he never did.  Does the investigating detective believe him?<br/>Sophie Neuveu is a cryptologist who works for the Paris police.  She gets 'called' into action when it is discovered that the murder victim left a strange message scrawled on the floor of the Museum.  She's also related to someone very involved in this murder case.  Whoa!<br/>Mr. Teabing is a Grail enthusiast who has more money than God.  He's been trying to find out the truth behind the Holy Grail and a secret society whom he has discovered was designed to protect it: The Priory of Scion.  This group had some prestigious names affiliated with it too. Leonardo Da Vinci, Gallileo, Isaac Newton, Victor Hugo, and a slew of other historically famous people.<br/>Silas is an albino who works for a section of the church known as the Opus Dei.  He's a hit-man with a serious job to do.  If anyone ever found out what the Holy Grail really was and what it represented, the Christian faith might crumble into ruin.  That can't happen.  So Silas is sent out into the world to make sure it doesn't.  He gets his assignments from someone called "The Teacher."  An invisible person to all except for one person.  Who is this Teacher?<br/>The Good:  The pace at which this novel moves is mind-boggling. A reader can whip through it in just a few short days (even the slowest of readers, I would think).  The action is excellent, and so are the historical references that Mr. Brown has thoroughly researched (the Priory of Scion, the Holy Grail, Mary Magdalene, Leonardo Da Vinci, etc. etc. etc.).<br/>The 'Not-so-Good':  Do these characters ever sleep?  After being awakened at an un-Godly hour, Robert Langdon and Sophie Neuveu don't rest for days!  That accompanied with their multiple,  miraculous epiphanies as they try to break codes that are designed to be nearly unbreakable, stretched believability several times.<br/>I also didn't care much for the ending.  Mr. Brown loves to flip the protagonist/antagonist relationships of his characters.  I don't mind that normally.  But it happened so many times that it became ho-hum after a while.  And I felt that the revealing of the prime antagonist was just a tiny bit forced.  Something used for shock value more than possible reality.  I know, I know, this is fiction, but let's not get too far out here.<br/>Even with these faults, I'm glad that I read 'The Da Vinci Code.'  It was worthy of my reading time and it made me look at our current world religions with a new light toward the feminine.<br/>B+ read.
 Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" is no literary masterpiece, but it is a great read.  I have to give Dan Brown credit: he assembled all the pieces necessary to create a multimillion selling blockbuster.<br/><br/>He starts with one of the great mysteries of the past 2000 years, the legend of the Holy Grail.  To this he adds one of the most passionate issues of all time: the origin and story of Jesus Christ, a subject over which wars have been fought and religious schisms created.  Dan Brown then posits some new, controversial theories on this topic, which have a certain appeal to elements of our ever more secular society.  To continue to appeal to his primarily secular audience, he brings in some historical scientific figures, especially Leonardo da Vinci, to highlight the conflict between science and religion over the centuries.  He then stirs in all the typical ingredients of a modern thriller: multiple murders, several conspiracies, chase scenes, corrupt and incompetent police, high tech toys, and a few mysterious, powerful figures.  Finally, to top it all off, Brown wraps the whole story into multiple Will Shortz-caliber puzzles.  It is an absolutely brilliant assemblage of pieces, assuming Brown's goal was to create a bestselling thriller, which it almost certainly was.<br/><br/>I felt as though I had to read it, because it is the one non-Harry Potter book in the past few years that a good fraction of the American adult population has read.  It is a fairly quick read, and once I got a little more than halfway through, I did literally stay up into the wee hours in order to see how it ended. So yes, I couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>If you take it as a thriller, the book has few flaws.  The action starts immediately, and there is little character development, but supposedly the hero Robert Langdon has already been introduced in a preceding book, "Angels &amp; Demons".  There are hints of attraction between Langdon and Sophie Neveu, but Brown doesn't explore this at any length (Langdon is definitely not James Bond in this respect).<br/><br/>If you try to take "The Da Vinci Code" as more than a thriller, especially if you try to take its theories as truth, then you will encounter difficulties.  Brown includes many historical facts, and apparently accurate descriptions of places and objects, but a little searching on the Internet will surface the issues with some of the key elements of his theories, especially the Priory of Sion.  So, while Brown may not have succeeded in overthrowing 2000 years of Christianity, he has certainly produced a great thriller and made himself a lot of money in the process.
 It was time to see what the big deal was. For ages, all I've been hearing about is this book, and after some procrastinating I finally settled down to read what was adored by some and reviled by others, to decide for myself how good Dan Brown's famous work really was.<br/><br/>Professor Robert Langdon (previously appearing in Brown's earlier novel "Angels and Demons") is called into the Louvre Museum by the French authorities - acting under the orders of the intimidating Captain Fache - to answer some questions about a murder. The highly esteemed curator of the museum, Jacques Sauniere, has been found shot to death in the most bizarre crime-scene imaginable. He is found spread-eagled, naked and with messages scrawled around and on him (in both blood and florescent ink), all of which is his own doing, and which Langdon believes is a series of cryptic clues that point to the killer.<br/><br/>However, unbeknownst to Langdon he is the police's main suspect, though it is not until he is joined by French cryptologist Sophie Neveu (beautiful, confident and green-eyed, of course), that he realises the trouble he's in. From this meeting stems the discovery of several ingenious clues concealed by the dead man that take the two of them on a whirl-wind treasure hunt in search of - what else? - the Holy Grail. On the run from both the authorities and sinister agents of a church-sect, Langdon and Neveu gradually begin to fully understand the importance of the quest they have found themselves on.<br/><br/>Thrown into a big melting pot of intrigue and conspiracy are factors such as the Knights Templar, Leonardo da Vinci, Isaac Newton, the Mona Lisa, Goddess cults, Mary Magdalene, the Priory of Scion, the Freemasons - heck, according to Brown even Walt Disney was in on the cover-up. This range of clues and hints have Langdon and Neveu delving into the depths of history, manuscripts and symbology as well as racing around Paris and London from one pit stop to the next, much like contestants in "The Amazing Race". However, the treasure hunt that Brown creates for his characters is undeniably clever in its instigation of both ancient and ultra-modern implements, and the clues themselves have double, even triple meanings, sustaining the two seekers almost to the end of the novel. It may take a stretch of credibility that a respectable (and innocent!) professor would take a complete stranger's advice in fleeing a crime-scene and remain on the run, but once the ball gets rolling it's one heck of a roller coaster ride.<br/><br/>But the leaps of logic aren't the only thing that has caused criticism. During the course of Langdon and Neveu's adventure, the core-conspiracy that lies at the heart of the story (that is, the humanity and blood-line of Jesus Christ) is explored by establishing certain "facts" shared between characters in discussions that are meant to strengthen - even prove - the existence of a church cover-up. The problem is that these facts are seldom correct. One could take the `hey, it's just fiction', stance and that's fair enough, but Brown seems to expect the reader to take his information as truth and even provides a disclaimer at the beginning of the novel that declares a series of "Facts", including "all descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate." This statement, to put it simply, is not true.<br/><br/>I'm no historian, but even I could spot gaps in his research, including an incorrect date on the finding of the Dead Sea Scrolls. And when information is lacking, Brown simply fills in the gaps as it suits him; as when he quotes the Gospel of Philip: "Christ loved her (Mary Magdalene) more than all the disciples and used to kiss her often on the mouth." Don't quote me on this, but I believe in actuality, the original document is damaged and the word "mouth" indecipherable as a result. The word *could* be mouth...but it could also be feet, forehead, hand, cheek or any other part of the body.<br/><br/>These are only two examples off the top of my head; rest assured there are many more and a simple internet-search will access many websites that highlight other moments of fabrication or subversion in Brown's research. Of course, most readers will understand this for themselves as they read through the book; yet the problem lies with readers who are happy to take Brown's word for it all. Rest assured, "The Da Vinci Code's" historical context needs to be read with a grain of salt.<br/><br/>And yet this is not the end of the controversy. There are claims that the book takes a negative view of the Catholic Church, demonising its teachings and its people. Although I can see the point of this claim, I also believe there may be some overreaction at work. On the whole Brown steers clear of anti-religious hysteria. Although that may sound like an odd thing to say considering the most blatant villain is a religious fanatic, Brown is careful to accommodate the existence of faithful, decent and worthy religious individuals and organisations. Personally, I found it more offensive that the afore-mentioned villain is portrayed as an albino, with the suggestion that this condition is the cause of his near-insane persona. And the fact that he is described as having red eyes is truly irritating; albinos do NOT have red eyes - that is a complete myth; they usually have grey or green eyes.<br/><br/>The length of time I spent in this review on discussing the controversy surrounding the book rather than the book itself may be an indicator of where its popularity truly lies! I for one, found "The Da Vinci Code" to be a good, exciting, interesting read and I enjoyed it. However, it can certainly *not* be described as "literature", and is possibly not entirely deserving of the worldwide hype and publicity that it's been receiving. Though the conspiracy theory it deals with is a legitimate one (and by that I mean it is not simply invented by the author, but was a theory, however flimsy, in existence before publication), many of its historical facts and figures are hopelessly incorrect and/or misleading. Though the two lead protagonists are pleasant enough people, they are can hardly be considered three-dimensional characters (though again, they technically don't really need to be) and the action-sequences are suspenseful and nerve-wracking. And despite some who will undoubtedly take Brown's claims for granted, surely it can only be considered a good thing if some readers who would otherwise not do so find themselves looking more into history as a result of reading his book.
 Robert Langdon, professor of Religious Symbology at Harvard University in Cambridge, is on a business trip in Paris when he receives and urgent late-night phone call from the French police. It seems that Jacques Saunière, the curator of the Louvre, was found dead inside the museum. Because Robert had a dinner appointment with Jacques, he turns out to be the obvious suspect. Even more, when certain riddles at the crime scene and on the body of the diseased directly point to the American professor, there is only one way out for Robert: flee and try to prove his innocence. Luckily he gets help from an unexpected source: the gifted French cryptologist, Sophie Neveu. Together they discover things that not everyone would like to become public domain. No matter what it takes, those force will stop at nothing to prevent Robert and Sophie to unveil the truth behind the Da Vinci code.<br/><br/>Not often is a book destined to be the cause of a hype that has had such an impact as the Da Vinci code. But is this necessarily a bad thing? There must be a reason why a book manages to appeal to such a big audience? That reason is actually not so hard to find in the case of Dan Brown's most popular book. Indeed, it is well-written, action-packed and covers a subject that is not spared of any controversy. It is quite impossible to stop reading, once you have read the first chapter and that is certainly a good asset for a thriller. Throughout the story the reader gets certain insights into the origins of Christianity, information that would normally not reach such a big audience. It certainly has increased the interest of the audience in Christian history significantly. Been to the Temple Church in London lately? If you have you definitely know what I mean.<br/><br/>Of course the book has its weaknesses. Not always is it easy to distinguish fact from fiction, but that should indeed trigger the reader to go and do some research themselves. The main characters of the book are indeed quite one-dimensional and do not trigger emotional involvement with many readers, but as long as the story manages to keep the momentum alive, who bothers. In conclusion, The Da Vinci code is an excellent read for on the train or on the beach, and that is often exactly what people want!
 I'm quite sure you're sick of them. It seems that every person out there has something to say about this book. And many of them tries to sell it by writing numerous "Secrets of Da Vinci code decoded" or whatnot titles just for sake of making money and more money.<br/><br/>If someone were to count all the merchandise sold in the name of this book, one ould count up to a sum so large that he would be forced to ask himself who pulled so large a marketing campaign for something that is maybe one of the worst books ever written?<br/><br/>It has been a long time for me since I heard about this book and actual time of reading it. I tend to avoid bestsellers, mainly because they aren't nearly as cranked up as people say they are. Mostly they are just another piece of words put together in some kind of random pattern that produces yet another kill, yet another mystery that has to be solved by a brilliant and strong women, or myterious and chamring, warrior/poet male type. Basically, it is the same thing with Da Vinci code.<br/><br/>There is great ammount of art historians, religion historians, archaeologist who kick themselves hard upon if someone mentions this book in their vicinity. Many of them will refuse to read it for reason that has become quite obviuos in years since its first oublication. So I will not talk about that. Where this book fails  most is your basic character creation, dialogue, and narative. Small matter, don't you think? If you were to strip all artistic and historic half truths you would be left with your average "thriller" for one afternoon, kind of which can be written by every wannabe writer that learned his alphabeth in Elementary school. So it remains quite mystery to me, the fact that so much words have been spilled on this book.<br/><br/>I won't bother you any more, my advice is simple. This in not the book that will help you uncover any kind of "truth" (and many people think it will). Truth is, thanks heavens, far more hidden and works in precise artistic way that takes at least one lieftime to find and solve. If you are looking for "mystery" or "thriller" book that will keep you occupied for one or two afternoons, this isn't so bad a choice. But when one chooses, one should always aim for the greater. And there are far greater books than this one. And it really takes no skill in finding them.
 Your friends are probably talking about the DaVinci Code, and you probably will have to read it in self defense.  Notice that they only talk about it's thesis.  No one remembers the characters or the writing, it is unmemorable.  No one grows or learns except possibly the minor character of the Bishop.  It's not really a novel.  You've already learned from the other reviews that the thesis was lifted from an earlier book Holy Blood, Holy Grail, so what else can I tell you?  Two things, both about the thesis.<br/>First, from a mythological perspective, the thesis is laughable and cannot be.  The Christian story is a member of the family of Middle Eastern religious stories involving a dying and ressurecting deity who is a son (Jesus, Baal, Adonis, Dumuzi, Tammuz) or a daughter (Persephone).  Not one of these deities had any offspring.  It was their function to sacrifice their personal fertility to provide for the fertility or salvation of the rest of the planet.  Had Jesus had offspring, his story would not have been believed by anyone in the Middle East, but in fact Christianity spread rapidly there.  So we must conclude that the bloodline thesis is mythologically unsound.  Feel free to impress your friends with this post-obvious fact that they will not have thought of.<br/>From the perspective of legend, the Grail is first mentioned in Chrieten de Troys' Perceval in the 1170's.  Chrieten makes it clear he is writing a work of fiction, even though it is based on an earlier story (which does not survive).  You may read this for yourself or watch the movie Perceval, and it will be clear that a serving vessel that contained food (not beverage) is described, and that it is carried by a woman and many women are involved in principal roles in the story, so there is no reason to suspect the Grail is an indirect reference to a woman.  There is no hint of the bloodline thesis in Perceval.  While it is clear the Lance and Grail are probably intended to represent Christian relics, most of this explanation is added by later authors who continued Chrieten's story.<br/>What is the opinion of scholars on the origin of the Grail legend?  It has been much studied and there are many opinions.  One voiced by Jessie Weston in her book From Ritual To Romance actually does involve the Mediterranean Mystery Religions, and their regenerative aspects, but there is no trace of the bloodline thesis.  The established view, and so firmly established it would be very difficult to dislodge, comes from Roger Loomis in his The Grail: From Celtic Myth to Christian Symbol, in which he convincingly traces its origins to a pagan dish of plenty which is never exhausted, and functions as a fountain of youth and wellness for anyone eating from it.<br/>Two stars are due, as the book is at least a page turner.  But don't expect to learn any secrets, because Brown doesn't have any, so he never lets any character actually see the rumored proof.  But if you are handy with a search engine, you can discover that the principals of the Priory of Sion have admitted they founded it as a hoax in 1956.
 (Written November 9, 2004): While I was ensconced in Iraq during most of 2003-2004, it seems the DaVinci Code created quite a stir in the civilized world.  Having just returned to the United States, I do not yet know what the stir is.  I just know that things have been stirred.<br/><br/>Controversy aside, this is simply an engrossing read.  Just as we may not agree with the lyrics or message of a musician or artist, it is sometimes difficult to argue that the melody or creation itself is not enjoyable.  It was in this way that I found myself delighted by the DaVinci Code.  While the premises on which the book is founded (e.g. the contents of certain documents, the actual meaning of ancient symbols, the motivations behind Biblical canonization, etc.) remain far from substantiated fact, this does not justifiably impugn what is an incredibly captivating story, even if based on conjecture.  Those who want facts should read history.  This is entertainment and highly entertaining.<br/><br/>When Jacques Saunière, curator of the iconic Louvre museum, is mysteriously murdered, his granddaughter Sophie Neveau (who almost too conveniently happens to by a cryptologist with the Paris police) and Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon are led by a series of clues to seek the legendary Holy Grail.  What the Grail actually is remains a mystery, but it seems that Saunière (the originator of the clues) knows both what and where.  The quest forms the substance of the story and takes place amidst a power struggle involving the Catholic Church, a secret society, and a mysterious religious fraternity.<br/><br/>This novel would appear to be a hit with cerebral liberal arts types, assuming that such types would allow themselves to be so obviously courted.  Ivory Tower academia hobnobs with the Grands Maîtres D'Art, while dabbling in foreign travel, etymological enigma, conspiracy theory, religious symbolism, and understated romance to create an ambience which would likely provide a welcome escape for the millions confined to the intellectual and aesthetic doldrums of modern suburbia.  No wonder it's popular.  The story itself, while rather unlikely, retains enough elements of plausibility to cast infuse daily living with an air of mystique.  Understandably intoxicating but not necessarily accurate.  Enjoy the read, but check your facts carefully.
 It took me a long time to get around to reading this book, mostly because I was so sick of hearing about it back when all the hoopla about the movie's release was going on. Then the movie (which I didn't see) completely tanked, so I forgot about the novel.<br/><br/>But I was searching around for something new to read and came across this book and thought, "Oh! I remember this! A lot of people thought this was a fantastic read." With all the hype surrounding it, I was absolutely certain that "The DaVinci Code" was going to be a page-turning thriller like no other.<br/><br/>Oh, I was soooo wrong. There are more plot twists and turns and more clues uncovered in a Miss Marple mystery by Agatha Christie than there are in this ponderous tome. It started in a way that didn't immediately grab my interest, but I thought, "Okay, some books are slow starters," but by the time I was halfway through, I was sort of beyond the slow-start excuse. When I read the last page, I closed the book and thought about all the things I could have been doing, like learning to weave baskets or make hooked rugs. All that precious time, wasted.<br/><br/>It's not just that the plot is uninspiring, it's that so many things happen in a facile manner, like the problems that have stumped grail-seekers for the past millenium being solved by whatsizname and whatzername in one simple conversation. "Hmmm...let's think about that for a minute and whoooaaaaaaa! Eureka! We have solved it!" Then they'd get in the car and drive to wherever and triumphantly uncover the clue just moments ahead of a Bad Person Who Wanted to Stop Them. It went on like that through the whole book.<br/><br/>And if you couldn't see that ending coming from about a hundred pages off, well, my gosh. The tying up of that last bit of plot into a great big ginormous bow was about as subtle as a punch to the face.<br/><br/>I really wanted to like this book. I really expected it to have a tightly woven and ingenious plot, with well-developed characters that practically lived off the page. From all I'd heard, I thought it would be the thriller above all thrillers.<br/><br/>I didn't.<br/><br/>It didn't.<br/><br/>It wasn't.<br/><br/>Don't bother.
 THE DA VINCI CODE is the 2nd book in a series of books surrounding the character of Robert Langdon. Langdon made his first appearance in ANGELS AND DEMONS and not only single-handedly saved the world, but helped "reform" the Catholic church as well. Superman might be able to fly and see through walls, the X-Men can do all sorts of superhuman feats because of their mutant genes, and Batman protects Gotham City because of the very technological (and expensive) gadgets at his disposal, but all these superheroes would be hard pressed to match the mastermind and wit of Harvard symbologist, Robert Langdon. In ANGELS AND DEMONS he saved the world in less than 24 hours. In THE DA VINCI CODE Langdon's on a quest even more important than saving the world.<br/><br/>THE DA VINCI CODE begins about a year after the events of ANGELS AND DEMONS have taken place (don't be alarmed if you haven't read ANGELS AND DEMONS, references to the events of that book are few and far between). Robert Langdon is in his hotel room in Paris when he is disturbed by the arrival of Captain Bezu Fache. Langdon is informed that there has been a murder at the Louvre and that his expertise is needed in helping solve the crime. As it turns out, Fache strongly suspects Langdon of the crime and is hoping that Langdon's assistance will be his own undoing--ala the Columbo technique. Unfortunately for Fache, the murdered museum's curator has left a message behind for his granddaughter, Sophie Neveu, a code breaker on the Paris police force. The message leads Sophie to assist Langdon in his escape and thus begins another 24-hour adventure that takes Langdon across France and to England in search of one of the greatest historical and archeological discoveries of all time: the "Holy Grail."<br/><br/>Despite a series of murders and a mysterious albino priest, THE DA VINCI CODE actually moves fairly slowly in the beginning. The first half of the book tends to jump around a lot and includes a lot of exposition. It isn't until Langdon and Sophie leave the Lourve and head towards the Swiss bank that things begin to pick up. The book then moves at a modest pace until the duo meet up with Sir Leigh Teabing. Once he reveals the "big secret" the book becomes a page turner until the end.<br/><br/>As far as writing styles go, THE DA VINCI CODE isn't all that great. It's a decent mystery/suspense novel and some of the imagery in the book is fairly descriptive, especially the more "action" oriented passages. However, THE DA VINCI CODE isn't written as well as ANGELS AND DEMONS. That book, though a piece of pop literia as well, was fairly tight with enough diversions to forgive the plot holes and discrepancies. THE DA VINCI CODE isn't like that. It's patterned after ANGELS AND DEMONS and like most sequels, it's just not as good.<br/><br/>Now, as for the theme of the novel, I'm not sure why this book has taken off the way it has because overall it's just an average mystery/suspense novel. The book does present a very controversial idea-that Jesus wasn't the Son of God, that he married Mary Magdalene, they had children, and their descendants are still alive today. Combined with ideas presented in ANGELS AND DEMONS, it does seem that Brown as an agenda to debunk the Christin faith. He does an interesting job of mixing a tad historical facts; lots of fiction, conspiracy theories, and suppositions; and a whole lot of cultural references to make the idea seem not only plausible, but also believable. To make the theme seem even more believable he takes an idea from satiric and comic writers and introduces a statement at the beginning of the book that says something to the effect that "all the organizations, histories, descriptions, etc. within this book are true and based on fact". The majority of the book has about as much fact in it as William Golding put in THE PRINCESS BRIDE.<br/><br/>Overall, an average mystery/action/suspense novel with a very controversial proposal that makes for interesting fiction, but has no basis in fact.
 Take history, puzzles, religion, mystery, murder and craziness and mix them all into one pot and you get this book. Not only was it fun to read, but you were constantly guessing "who done it", trying to figure out the main chess pieces. Fantastic book!! And as with most book, much better than the movie. A must read, even if you've seen the movie!!
 I really loved "The Da Vinci Code" when I first read it in January 2004. I devoured 20 pages every evening, and every evening I looked forward to my next fix. Dan Brown has created a really exciting thriller, and what makes it especially appealing is that it is based on a lot of historical information that I found very interesting.<br/><br/>Although "The Da Vinci Code" is fiction, Dan Brown writes in a prolog the following: "FACT: ... All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate." This added to my liking of the book, convincing me that Dan Brown really was providing a thriller built around a factual framework.<br/><br/>In February 2004 I was in Paris, and decided to bring "The Da Vinci Code" with me and to relive some of the exciting Paris scenes "on site", so to speak.<br/><br/>My first stop was the church of Saint-Sulpice. Sure enough, the "rose line" described by Dan Brown was there, strange as it sounded from the description in the book. Sitting in the huge old church and listening to the beautiful organ music while rereading the relevant chapters of "The Da Vinci Code" was quite an experience!<br/><br/>On to the Louvre, with the expectation of an even greater feeling of being right there where the (fictitious) action had occurred. But there I encountered the sad truth: Dan Brown's descriptions of various aspects of the Louvre are simply false.<br/><br/>The most blatant and problematic discrepancy concerns "La Pyramide Inversée", which plays an important role in the book. According to "The Da Vinci Code" this inverted pyramid is situated within the Louvre, such that one passes it after entering the main pyramid and going from there to the Denon Wing of the Louvre. Also, the tip of this inverted pyramid is described as being six feet from the floor below it, and the tiny pyramid below the inverted pyramid is described as looking like it protrudes up from down below the floor.<br/><br/>Reality is quite different. "La Pyramide Inversée" is actually outside of the Louvre building proper. It is in the middle of an underground shopping mall between the two wings of the Louvre, between a Virgin Megastore (CD's, DVD's, etc.) and an Esprit shop (fashion clothes). Furthermore, it actually comes down to about three feet from the floor, and the tiny pyramid under it looks like it just sits on top of the floor.<br/><br/>The other major discrepancy concerns the way Dan Brown describes how Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu meet in a public lavatory in the Louvre. The book says, "Here at the westernmost tip of the Denon Wing, the north-south thoroughfare of Place du Carrousel ran almost flush with the building with only a narrow sidewalk separating it from the Louvre's outer wall."<br/><br/>Wrong again. There are no public lavatories at the western tip of the Denon Wing. The north-south street that goes around Place du Carrousel does not go past the western tip of the Louvre, it cuts through the Louvre in the middle of the two wings. But there aren't any public lavatories there either so the action that is described as taking place there is not possible.<br/><br/>(Incidentally, in the movie based on this book, the first discrepancy is glossed over, and the second one is partially corrected. You can see traffic going through the arch in the building, not past the end of the building. But there's still no public lavatory there in reality.)<br/><br/>Nit-picking? Perhaps. But if Dan Brown is cutting corners with "facts" that he proclaimed to be correct, what about the rest of the historical facts that made the book so interesting? Did he make up or modify these facts too? The assumption that this is probably the case has become unavoidable for me, and this reduces my liking of the book significantly.<br/><br/>There are a lot of other details in "The Da Vinci Code" that I found incorrect or very unlikely when I first read the book, but none of them fell into the category of something that Dan Brown had claimed to be authentic. However, the architecture of the Louvre is specified as being correct, and it isn't, and that's where credibility is damaged, and the appeal of the book as being a great thriller based on a framework of reality is also damaged.<br/><br/>Rennie Petersen
 Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor of religious symbols, is in Paris to speak at a conference. He is awakened in the middle of the night by the police and taken to a crime scene at the famous art museum, the Louvre, supposedly for his expertise. The curator, Jacques Sauniere, has been murdered but left behind a baffling message. A cryptologist from the Paris Police named Sophia Neveu shows up to decipher the riddle and secretly informs Langdon that he is actually the prime suspect in the curator's death. Both end up on the run trying to stay alive and solve the series of messages and riddles left behind that hopefully lead to the legendary Holy Grail.<br/><br/>Initially fast-paced with short chapters that leave you hanging and hints of details which are only alluded to, it's easy to get sucked in by this mysterious thriller. But the use of this style quickly feels over-used and becomes rather annoying as the action continually shifts back and forth between Langdon and Neveu, Silas the albino monk, and Bezu Fache the police chief, as well as others whose link to the story is unclear.<br/><br/>This book has enjoyed such huge popularity that while reading it I was regularly approached by people at work and even on the street who'd tell me it was their "favorite" book. Part of this popularity perhaps stems from the controversial religious nature, and I imagine many Catholics could easily feel offended by the harsh portrayal of the history of their church (the author makes no distinction between Catholics and Christians; to him Catholicism IS Christianity, or at least a very corrupted form of it). While I wasn't "shocked" or offended (or even surprised) by some of the more controversial issues raised, I was disappointed with the portrayal of Jesus as essentially a pagan, saying that his miracles and divinity were mere fables invented by the Catholic Church to gain control over the people. And while I realize it's just a fictional novel, as was stressed to me by many of its fans, many facts (or at least widely held theories) are mingled so heavily in the story that it becomes hard to sort out what isn't real, lending an air of credibility to the fiction.<br/><br/>Overall, an interesting mystery, but certainly not my "favorite" book.
 I must be one of the last people on the planet to read this book.  It's everywhere.  So here goes...<br/>This is a masterfully written thriller, truly a 'can't put it down, stay up all night, page-turner' (I read it one day).  The fact that it delves into secret societies and the sacred feminine reveals that we just love that stuff.  Crafting it into a murder mystery is a stroke of mastery.<br/>It's obvious the author has done his homework.  There's a reason he has turned it into a fiction book rather than writing non-fiction.  Fiction gives him room to express his point of view without stating it as fact.  Granted, he has done his research and his facts are easily verifiable; however, his conclusions, if written into a non-fiction account, would probably render him a conspiracy theorist.  This stuff is not revelatory, nor is it new.  It may be new and shocking to most but that's only because most people don't read the dry, scholarly texts (i.e. non-fiction) where this research is found.<br/>Holy Blood, Holy Grail (mentioned in the book) will hit the bestseller list again because of this book.  Umberto Eco's works should also gain credence (even though not mentioned in the book).  I read Holy Blood, Holy Grail years ago and it all came rushing back while reading this book.<br/>The sacred feminine, the power mongering of the early church, the 'other' New Testament and the 'lost writings of the true Christian church' and all the other ideas have been covered (cf. Bart Ehrman and Elaine Pagels, currently both on the bestseller lists with similar lines of reasoning).  It's been argued back and forth for a long, long time.  And it will probably continue to be so.<br/>Mr. Brown did not unearth some hitherto unknown texts that reveals this stuff.  It's already out there and he is quite literally walking on the shoulders of giants.  It's fun to conjecture but do your homework before espousing this stuff as truth.<br/>This isn't to take the fun out of the book.  What is clever is how he has taken such a breadth of knowledge and crafted it into a composite whole.  If you like codes and word games, car chases and intrigue, spiritual and religious possibility, this is definitely a surefire bet.  This book is really enjoyable - as fiction.  It's definitely a must read.  It's a lot of fun and exciting to see what he does with his material; just don't expect too much depth.
 It's no wonder Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci code" was the number 1 best-seller of 2003 and keeps going in 2004. It has elements averybody is intrigued of, and likes to read about: criptography, hidden codes, murder, pursuits on land and on air, a beautiful woman, symbology, deceipting works of art, amazing minds, secret societies, the Catholic Church and the secret everybody born on the occidental world has at least once asked himself: what is the Holy Grail and where is it hidden?<br/><br/>From the first time I heard about this book it has intrigued me. All elements stated above were, at least for me, more than enough reason to buy this book. I bought it, read it and enjoyed every minute I spent on it.<br/><br/>Are the ideas on the book original? Clearly not. But, in fact, Brown mentions some of the inspiration-works to his book in the text: "Holy blood Holy Grail" is one example, cited at least three or four times.<br/><br/>Are the characters ill-developed and somewhat flat? A little, but once you're engaged in read this book, this won't matter a bit.<br/><br/>Are the facts depicted in the book true? I don't know, and I think neither does Brown, but in order for his book to sell, and in order for it to be convincing, Brown HAD to create a book  based on the premise that all those facts are true. Anyway, what made me like "The Da Vinci code" was not only the possibility that all those ideas might be the truth, but the fact that Brown collected all of them, organized them, created a very nice conspiracy theory around them, and delivered us a great fictional book.<br/><br/>Saying "The Da Vinci code" is: bad; unconvincing; impossible; improbable; etc.-etc.-etc. is like saying, for example, that the Indiana Jones movies series are likewise. It's only justificative is: lack of imagination. Hidden facts, obtuse meanings, ancient codes, they exist for us, common mortal beings, to toy with them, to wonder if they are real, what their secret meanings are. Brown did it, and I'm grateful he did. I enjoyed his book immensely. Even the ending, usually the weak point in works of this nature, satisfyed me.<br/><br/>Anyway, Dan Brown knows how to write fiction, and he knows how to deliver an excellent fictional book about a subject that gets everybody interested and discussing it in several circles. The sales charts are there to prove it. Bear that word in mind: FICTION. This is what it is. Brown accomplished what he wanted. Good or bad (you can believe what you want) his book is still at the top of the charts, and his future books will also certainly be number-one best-sellers. Brown now wears the self-concious smile portrayed in Da Vinci's most known work of art.<br/><br/>Grade 9.1/10
 My wife read this book first and enjoyed its mysteries, revelations and pacing, but was uncomforable with its portrayal of Christianity. I share her feelings, but we both agree the novel is worthwhile as a guilty pleasure. The book is cleverly and expertly done. The use of real historical organizations, such as the Priory of Sion, Opus Dei, and Knights Templar give it a serious, true-life sense. The fact that larger-than-life historical figures like da Vinci were involved with -- and even led -- The Priory of Sion gives it wonder. And author Dan Brown has cooked up a clever premise in which the foundation of Christianity would be shaken if the "truth" were known. And so the chase is on, with a symbologist, a cryptologist, and eventually a Royal historian solving riddles and rhymes in their search for the Holy Grail, with the French and eventually English authorities nipping at their heels as they are blamed for an increasing number of murders.<br/>But what starts out as a fascinating cerebral adventure with a near literary tone can't quite hold that highminded course. What commences as wine and filet mignon dwindles to cola and hamburger. Maybe that's what happens when you cross the channel. The richest parts of the book come when we are in the head of the protagonist, Robert Langdon -- especially at the beginning, when he sees a historical, even ancient, symbolism in practically every object that meets his eye. These roots of our now familiar symbols are fascinating. But when the chase is on and ongoing puzzles need to be solved, they become tedious and even simplistic. The "difficult" clue concerning Sir Isacc Newton and an orb? Duh! And the "unseen" bad guy was all too obvious. Plus, I don't really think the French and English police are as dumb, naive and comical as this book would lead you to believe. However, when Ron Howard and his "Brilliant Mind" team produce the movie, as I've read they will do, I'm sure a lot of these discrepancies will be ironed out. Hopefully, the movie will hold to that rich Mona Lisa atmosphere the book so promisingly begins with. I have faith.<br/>As for the attack on Christianity, when He was arrested Jesus told Peter to put up his sword. Because, if He needed to, He'd bring down legions of angels to kick butts. That's good enough for me. Meanwhile, everyone should enjoy The Da Vinci Code and take it for what it is -- a work of fiction built from elastic facts, like looking at clouds and seeing myriads of differing visions. Anyway, Langdon's true insights on symbols are worth the price of admission.
 I decided to see what all the hype was about + read The Da Vinci Code. It's a little hard to understand why this became such a mega-bestseller and cultural phenom.<br/>Dan Brown gives us a by-the-numbers thriller. It jazzes things up with a lot of puzzle clues the reader can try to solve with the characters - and some are clever enough. He also adds in some semi-interesting socio-historical perspectives on religion and art. Combined with the easy reading style of the prose, that can explain some level of interest.<br/>But then there are the downsides to the novel, and there are many.<br/>The quality of the writing is really bad in many places. The dialogue resembles nothing actual people would say. Typical "conversation":<br/>#1: " supposedly shocking revelation]"<br/>#2: "Are you trying to tell me that  supposedly shocking revelation]???"<br/>#3: "Yes, I am saying  supposedly shocking revelation]"<br/>It goes on and on like that, and it gets irritating, as does the ham-handed way Brown tries to hold off on revealing information until it's (supposedly) more dramatic. The book takes itself VERY seriously, without a trace of wit or style. Rather than say "this could symbolize that", the characters always have to say "when one looks at it symbologically". ("Symbologist", and its permutations, seems to be a presumtuous word the book enjoys using ad nauseum to inflate its own importance.)<br/>One of the "big secrets" - about what one character saw another doing ten years ago - is a yawner of an anticlimax. The main protagonists register absolute zero on the personality meter. Absolute zero also describes the amount of heat they generate, though of course they end up together.<br/>Brown also plays fast and loose with real life stuff. Did you ever have a college professor who always declared that his one, overarching theory explained absolutely everything? That's what goes on here. Brown throws in enough real-life people, groups, events, art etc to make his fictional work sound legit, but mixes it with pure fiction - maybe hoping you won't be able to tell the difference.<br/> One real laugher: Isaac Newton is repeatedly mentioned in the plot. In real life, Newton was deeply anti-social, devoutly Christian and almost certainly died a virgin. His biographer, James Gleick, describes the physicist's attitude towards sex as "morbid distaste." The Da Vinci Code posits Newton as part of a pagan group that worships the "sacred feminine" - another phrase Brown beats to death - and engages in ritual sex. Yeah, right.]<br/>It's not the worst thing I've ever read, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it.
 As someone who has studied and been fascinated by the same subjects as are the characters in this book, I was captivated by the clever plot, but sorely disappointed in the ending of "The Da Vinci Code."  This is due to the fact that the object of the protagonists' search is in the final analysis, not a physical object; and, as the author directs us, is not the point.  For anyone who has seen any classic Hitchcock film, you know that this kind of device is known as a McGuffin, the plot that motivates characters being more important than the actual thing being searched for.<br/>The story is compelling and a bona-fide page turner for a good 7/8 of the book. While elements are implausible, they are of the sort that one discounts to keep moving. As a tour de force, that  7/8 of the story, a good 350 pages, takes place all in one evening.  But once dawn breaks, the reader is betrayed by the author, and the plot unravels into such implausability that it seems unfinished.<br/>We are led to believe that the global secret being slowly revealed to the reader is of enormous importance, and at least eight people are killed to keep this secret from getting out.  Somehow I was not prepared to have this secret turn into a McGuffin of the most cosmic order.<br/>A typical, maddening red herring Mr. Brown engages in, is to name the victim on page one Jacques Saunière. (Our protagonist, his granddaughter, we assume comes from the line of Saunières.) Anyone who has studied the mysteries of the Templars and the Grail--the premise of the McGuffin in this book--cannot help but know that Saunière is the name of the priest who, it is claimed, found a part of the Templar secret at Rennes-le-Chateau between 1890-1908.  While we are waiting to see what the connection is between Jacques Saunière and the priest Berenger Saunière, the final disppointment in the book is that there is no connection at all! Like the plot, it simply is gone in a puff of authorial smoke.<br/>Some of the puzzles and codes solved by the protagonists are very clever; some are so obvious it is embarrasing that they can't find the answer for pages, when the reader can.<br/>I don't mind that the search is for a McGuffin: but if that is the case, the characters might better be interested in each other as passionate love interest. Our male and female characters at the end, barely seem to acknowledge one another, making it a fascinating beginning, and rather a flaccid end.
 Dan Brown's, The Da Vinci Code is an intruiging and enlightening atypical adventure thriller with strong religious overtones.<br/>Jacques Sauniere, curator of the Louvre had been found murdered within a locked room in the museum.  We learn that he has fallen victim to an albino monk called Silas working for the Opus Dei.  The Opus Dei (translates to God's Work) is a radical branch of the Catholic church that has been given blessing by the Vatican.  Opus Dei is headed by Bishop Manuel Aringanosa, Silas' mentor.  Sauniere had a meeting scheduled with Robert Langdon, an esteemed Harvard University professor of religious symbology.  Langdon becomes the prime suspect of Captain Bezu Fache, head of the Direction Centrale Police Judiciaire (French FBI), in Sauniere's murder.<br/>The learned Langdon suspects that Sauniere is the top man in the Priory of Sion, an ancient secret society and an offshoot of the Knights Templar entrusted with the keeping of the secrets of the Holy Grail.  As top man, Sauniere would be one of four men entrusted with the secret of the whereabouts of the Holy Grail.  Unfortunately the other three bearers of this precious secret have also been murdered on this night.<br/>Before his death Sauniere a talented cryptologist and expert of goddesses in religion left a series of clues to pass down the Priory secrets before they might be lost forever.  He used Leonardo da Vinci references and even wrote a secret code on the Mona Lisa itself.  The cryptology department of the Judicial Police was sent in to decipher these codes and clues. Amazingly the chief cryptologist on the case was Sophie Neveu, the granddaughter of Sauniere.<br/>Langdon and Neveu get thrown together as a team, as Sauniere planned, to unravel the many clues that would lead them to this carefully guarded secret.  The path leads them to a series of mind boggling discoveries which leave both the book's characters and the reader flabbergasted.<br/>The Da Vinci Code was expertly written and compelled me to pursue additional research on te subject matter.  I'm still finding it hard to separate what is fact and fiction in Browns thoroughly engrossing novel.
 I was in the mood for a very entertaining book to read over the weekend.  I wanted something that really kept me turning the pages but didn't require me to think too much.  I thought "The Da Vinci Code" would be the book to fill the bill.  It wasn't.<br/>While every chapter did end with a "cliffhanger," the plot is so simplistic and hackneyed (and improbable) that any intelligent reader knows what's coming next.  In addition, the writing itself was bad, making the book more than a little irritating to read.  I will give Brown this, there was no "fat" in his prose, but there were several glaring grammar mistakes that almost made me throw the book aside.  I don't care if an author isn't writing literary fiction; there's simply no excuse for a grammar mistake in a book.  It's an insult to any reader.<br/>Where this book really fell short for me (as if plot and bad writing aren't enough) was in the area of characterization.  Both Sophie and Robert were despicable and totally one-dimensional.  And could there possibly be a more stupid member of the French Judicial Police than Sophie?  I don't think so.  This is a woman who probably couldn't have graduated high school, let alone work as a cryptologist.<br/>The plot twists were way to easy.  I knew the secret bank number immediately and the identity of The Teacher is also quite easy to figure out.  Let's just say that you'll know him as soon as he's introduced.  No surprises there.<br/>I don't know a lot about the Holy Grail, the Priory of Sion, etc., so if Brown got his facts wrong, it didn't bother me.  More knowledgeable readers might be offended, though.  Had I been knowledgeable about the Priory, I think I would have been.  I'm a Catholic as well, but this book didn't do anything to offend my faith.  Frankly, it was too silly to be offensive.  Ultra-conservative Catholics might be better off avoiding the book, however.  I was far more offended by the bad writing and terrible characterization.<br/>The more I think about this book, the more time passes since my reading of it, the more I dislike it.  Shame on Dan Brown for not perfecting the art and craft of novel writing before writing one.  And shame on those who hyped this book to high heaven.  It's not worth it and I've sworn off Dan Brown for good.
 I am generally for this book, despite disagreeing with a number of its premises. If you're only planning to read it now, then you'd definitely find it over-hyped given the unbelievable amount of publicity it has received. Yet when I first picked it some two years ago, I found it hard to put down.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is a competent piece of fiction - a neat blend of conspiracy theory, suspense and romance that will appeal to a wide variety of tastes (as it has). The characters are typically one-dimensional, as with many pop thrillers of this kind; and the plot, a reinterpretation of the grail legend, is certainly not new. But Dan Brown keeps the reader going with a tight storyline and intelligent puzzles along the way. The puzzles, which are cleverly weaved into the grail conspiracy, are, in my opinion, the chief selling-point of the book and help to raise it above the ordinary thriller.<br/><br/>This being said, the book should be read as fictional, and nothing more. Strange I should be saying this about what is obviously a piece of fiction; yet the religious debates generated by the book sometimes verge on treating it as a non-fictional source. It doesn't help that the book itself gives the impression that it is based on historical fact. What is certain, however, is that some of the 'facts' central to the book, such as the existence of the Priory of Sion or of a bloodline from Jesus, are highly disputable. The book has opened up debates, but it cannot provide answers to them.<br/><br/>If you're expecting the Da Vinci Code to be a literary masterpiece or a piece of well-researched historical fiction, then you'd be sorely disappointed. Read it, however, if you're looking for a good ol' page-turning pop thriller.
 From the opening pages of The Da Vinci Code, author Dan Brown grabs the reader's attention, and then holds it throughout the book.  Suspense and unanswered questions, often posed at the end of the short chapters, make it an exciting page-turner.<br/>The story is based on the premise that the Holy Grail is more than just the cup from which Jesus drank at The Last Supper.  It holds secrets which the Catholic church, the predominant church of that day, does not want revealed.  Historians and others would like it otherwise.  The two factions are in a virtual battle to capture the code leading to the Holy Grail.<br/>As one would expect, there is murder, villainy, and treachery along the way - all necessary features of a good mystery.  But Dan Brown offers something more, something to pique the intellect of his readers, including descriptions of architectural design, particularly the Louvre, Da Vinci's mathematical genius, and an abundance of esoteric facts about the Christian religion.<br/>Christian faithfuls need not fear that reading this book may lead to doubt or corruption.  The author salvages Christian beliefs, in the end, and in my opinion, he surely regenerates faith through these words:<br/>"Every faith in the world is based on fabrication.  That is the definition of faith...every religion describes God through metaphor, allegory and exaggeration...<br/>"The bible represented fundamental guideposts for millions of people on the planet much the same way the Koran, Torch, and Pali Canon offer guidance to peole of other religions...<br/>"Religious allegory has become a part of the fabric of reality.  And living that reality helps millions of people cope and be better people."<br/>Again, The Da Vinci Code is an intellectually interesting story as well as a thrilling, suspenseful mystery.  But are there flaws?  Yes.  Brown obviously underestimates his reader's sleuthing abilities if not their intelligence.  It was hardly believable to me that an expert symbologist did not realize immediately that he was looking at mirror writing, not some strange language!  It took this reader but an instant to recognize it.  You need know little about Da Vinci to know about that.<br/>Also, Brown presumes that the reader does not know the identity of the culprit until he, the writer, explicitly says so.  He gives enough hints.  He should have identified the guilty one at the appropriate moment, then created suspense within the two unknowing, unsuspecting characters.  Brown reveals the name of the culprit about 50 pages after this reader knew it.<br/>Brown states that the PHI formula is ALWAYS true in nature and in the human body.  My tape measure tells me otherwise.  Far better for him to have added that PHI is (perhaps) true in PERFECT forms of nature.  One may quibble over this and other "facts" stated by Brown.  But one may argue, also, about Da Vinci's formulas and other scientists' theories, as well as the ideas of philosophers and theologists.  Overall, The Da Vinci Code is, as a thriller and mystery, an exciting read and gives one much to think about.
 First off, I consider myself fairly well educated, though I do not consider myself very well read.  That said, take my review with a grain of salt, if you must.<br/>I serendipitously came across the book on an internet site forum where people were discussing some recent books.  There, I found a webquest ... created by Dan Brown, the author.  Loving a good challenge, I was immediately drawn into the quest and after completing it, I decided that if the book was as fun as the quest, I should look into it.<br/>I purchased the book in the afternoon and when I got home, I did not stop reading it except to eat dinner, go to the gym, and shower.  I could not tear myself away from the book!<br/>I will not go into much detail as to the plot of the book as I would hate to spoil any surprises for future readers, but I will say that the book was an amazing contrast to some of our most popular beliefs.  I don't feel the need to discuss my religious affiliation, but I will say that I was amazed and intrigued by the information set forth in Dan Brown's book.  I truly did not know where fiction and non-fiction separated.  Everything in the book seemed so real that if somebody told me this book was pure fiction (which I know it isn't), I would gasp in utter shock.  The length that Brown went through to research the information in this book is phenomenal.<br/>As the title of the book indicates--and if you go to the book's website that I mentioned--you will get a general feel for what the book entails.  I feel I am not spoiling anything by letting you know that there are some codes in the book which require a bit of sleuthing and deciphering.  I was very impressed and proud of myself when I read the text and was able to decipher some of the codes.  Finally, a book that had my wheels turning!<br/>Like I stated at the beginning of my review, I do not consider myself very well read.  On the rare occasion that I do read a book, my usual fare is books about the military, especially military special forces.  Noting this, I always roll my eyes when I hear anybody proclaim anything "the best ever"--especially when their opinion is in stark contrast to my own.  Therefore, I am somewhat sheepish to proclaim this the best book I have ever read, though if prodded, I will declare it so.<br/>I give this book my HIGEST RECOMMENDATION (as if I'm some sort of authority).  I cannot see how anybody could be disappointed with this work.<br/>I am eager to read some of Dan Brown's other work now, thanks to this fabulous book--especially "Angels and Demons".
 If you find a book fascinating in the beginning and riveting in the middle but disappointing in its ending, is it a good book or a not-so-good book?  I dunno, but like most people who have read "The DaVinci Code," I couldn't put the book down. Until the last part of the book that is, when I couldn't put it down because I couldn't pick it up.<br/>The hills are alive with the sound of people plunking money down for this book.  Inspired by this, I, too, plunked.  While I found the prose in "The DaVinci Code" hardly Emersonian and the characters cardboard cut-outs, throughout most of the book you HAVE to know what is going to happen next.  Sometimes, unfortunately, I knew what was going to happen next before it happened because I had figured out the often rather puerile cryptic clues before the combined talents of the lead characters, who happen to be the world's greatest symbologist and one of France's best cryptologists.  So much for character credibility.<br/>What bothered me most about this book was that although there was a cursory "Fact" page at the beginning stating a few items of non-fiction upon which the book is based, I couldn't differentiate what was fact, factoid, and fantasy, apart from what was obviously fiction.  I thought Dan Brown could have added an author's afterword at the end to help the reader in this regard.  I suppose I could read "De-Coding Da Vinci: The Facts Behind the Fiction of the Da Vinci Code" when it's released.  But having put "The DaVinci Code" down a final time, I don't think I care anymore.<br/>"The DaVinci Code" is definitely a page-turner.  You are driven to climb peak after peak of suspense.  But the final descent is into a valley of disappointment.
 Dan Brown's 'The DaVinci Code' has been atop the bestseller list for 40 some weeks.  The 'fiction' list.  And the surest way to reach the top of the bestseller lists is to write for the lowest common denominator (in the sports world read: NASCAR) which in this case means - the mystery hound.  The DaVinci Code's appeal is that it is Grisham, Turow, or even JK Rowling, yet  with a religious twist.  Every chapter ends with a pointed gun.  Come to think of it, isn't this how Frank and Joe Hardy move through life?  Solve one riddle, and up pops another.  Everything is life-threatening, world-ending, but avoided by sheer pluck of the hero and heroine.  Turn the page, please.<br/>The hook is set on the frontispiece, "Fact:"  We're in for a duel between the Priory of Sion - a secret society founded in medieval Europe (presumably still alive even in suburban Long Island according to the recent 'Eyes Wide Shut' movie), and the countervailing forces of Opus Dei, a devout Catholic sect to whom the Vatican is beholden.  Immediately, on page one, a murder takes place under the watchful eyes of the Mona Lisa at the Louvre.  So, right away we know we are going to learn more about art and architecture in the next 450 pages than we do about the columns of Mississippi courthouses in a John Grisham  novel.<br/>The plot is all go-go, and we're off quickly on a goosechase through Europe, ('mais Versailles, ce n'est pas nord-ouest du Paris, je pense, Monsieur Brun') replete with art, history, symbology and architectural lessons that qualify readers for a minor in liberal arts by book's end.  Papal conspiracies, self-flagilating monks, the obligatory sex ceremonies, hidden gospels, unbreakable ciphers...all the trappings of a first-rate page turner.<br/>You have to read it, just to be current, and to fend off all the loonies on either side who scream 'Heresey!' or 'Truth!'  I borrowed my copy from the library, but getting your paperback investment sandy at the beach this summer will be well worth it.
 I just couldn't get into this one, and I gave my first copy away without reading it.  Then, the pressure building from those I love who read it and LOVED it, I bought a second copy, which I also set aside.  I also bought "Angels and Demons" with this second copy.  And after reading "Angels and Demons" two nights ago, I finally earnestly opened "DaVinci" and read it.<br/>This one is a better write.  Dan Brown shows more polish with the second Robert Langdon tale.  But it does go on, doesn't it?<br/>I admire Brown's obsession with facts, and I like his web site that backs up his phenomenal best seller.  But I feel as if the super escapes that Brown's Langdon and his new female quester pull off are a bit more than super improbable.  Great fantasy entertainment.<br/>Of course, all the Grail mystery and that of the Knights Templar and even Leonardo, are good bases for a new version of a suspenseful novel.  I think the folks reading this to bide their time on airplanes and in transit otherwise are sure to find the book up there with the Clancy's and Cussler's of the last century.<br/>Obviously, the whole world is still searching for the truths to things that are steeped in legend.  And not discounting the faith of millions, I can see why true believers in Christ will be more than a little offended by the "Code's" telling.<br/>I will be amused to see what Dan Brown creates for Robert Langdon's next adventure.  I understand it will center on Florence, Italy.  Hmmm?  Can Michaelangelo be next as we have examined Bernini in "Angels and Demons" and Leonardo in "Code"?  With Blythe Brown being an art historian, I guess that symbologist Langdon can be assured of a long path to come, as written by Dan Brown, her spouse.<br/>Whatever he comes up with, I hope his writing continues to improve, and I do think he owes me a good story, as I have added to his coffers by three hardcovers already!!! :-)
 This book was probably one of the best books I have read in a long time. When I opened the first page and got a taste of Dan Brown's descriptive text I thought that I would lose interest and put the book down after a few pages. This was most certainly not the case! Dan Brown starts off this fast paced thriller with a bang! From the first page of the prologue to the last page of the epilogue, I found myself saying "just one more page". I had about 1/4 of the book left when I started reading on night and I ended up so wrapped up with it that I stayed up until 1am so I could finish it! Throughout the entire novel the reader is left wanting to know what is going to happen next.<br/><br/>The whole time I was reading this book, I was thinking to myself "wow! I can't believe that. Maybe I should think about that for a minute.". Then I would have to stop and remind myself that this is only a novel. A work of ficiton. The sign of a truly great novelist is one who can lose you in the novel and make you start to think that what they are writing about is true. When I get to the point in a book where I have to remind myself that what I am reading is not really true, I know that I have found a masterpiece! Dan Brown does an amazing job of incorporating fact into his fiction. His research is astounding and when I was reading the descriptive text of The Louvre, The Mona Lisa, The Last Supper, The Madonna of the Rocks, etc., it really made me believe that what was going on in the novel was what was going on in the real world. Of course, we are all smart people and can easily see the line between a novel and reality, but when reading this book, when one becomes so engrossed in it, that line starts to blur and you have to pull yourself back over to the other side every once in a while.<br/><br/>This book was not only enjoyable but intellectually stimulating!<br/><br/>-recommended
 Amazing the paperback has taken so long to come out in the States. I was suckered into reading this book last summer -- a cheap UK paperback I picked up from an airport rack. The buzz surrounding it has really been something else, and doesn't seem like it is going to subside anytime soon. But, I couldn't see what the fuss was all about. Dan Brown treaded pretty common ground here. He didn't put forward any new theories, and quite frankly there wasn't much to "crack" here. It was a rather formulaic page turner with a few juicy moments, at least when it came to exploring the role of the "sacred feminine," otherwise I thought it was pretty boring stuff.<br/><br/>I really can't figure out what the Catholic Church finds so offensive about this book, except maybe the audacity of Brown to claim that what he says is true in that Jesus and Mary Magdalene were bewed, and that MM appears in all sorts of conspicuous places, such as at Jesus' left hand in the painting of the Last Supper by Leonardo da Vinci. Although da Vinci had viewed John in a more effeminate light and never referenced him as anyone other than John. Leonardo loved playing tricks and I just chalk it up to the devious mind of the great painter. Anyway, Brown pretty much reaffirms his faith in the church and all others concerned, so all is well in the world in the end.<br/><br/>But, Brown plots his own conspiracy theories a long the way. He develops his ideas well, but one has to wonder why the half-baked chase scenes and the reclusive British millionaire and other assorted characters to carry his action. Why not just tell his story straight out, it would have been far more interesting. But, who am I to say after the phenomenal success of this book, which has found its way into print in any number of languages, including Lithuanian, and has captured the imagination of the world.
 Prior to reading the DA VINCI CODE, I have three strong recommendations.  First, read Brown's DEMONS AND ANGELS.  In DEMONS AND ANGELS, Brown introduces the main character -- Robert Langston, the Harvard professor.  The reader will have clearer insight into Langston character develop. In fact, the DAVINCI CODE begins the day after DEMONS AND ANGELS ends.<br/>Second, find a copy of the Mona Lisa on the Internet.  There is a URL that offers the contrast within the context of Brown's framework (da Vinci's smile/Mona Lisa's smile).  My friends who have read the DA VINCI CODE and have seen the constrast have developed a renewed appreciation for da Vinci's artistry.<br/>Third, find a copy of the da Vinci's The Last Supper that enables you to enlarge it.  You'll need to revisit it several times while reading this great novel.  As a child, I have seen The Last Supper more times that I can count.  However, while reading THE DAVINCI CODE, I developed fresh perspective and a deeper appreciation for this masterpiece.<br/>Like DEMONS AND ANGELS, THE DAVINCI CODE offers a series twists and turns that evolve into a series of difficult to predict outcomes.  The common question for this type of novel becomes, "who did it?"  The reader enters a struggle to uncover "who did it." prior to the writer revealing the details.  I was totally taken off guard.  Brown is able to effectively distract the readerby bringing in a series of highly plausible evil doers.  In fact, reading DEMONS AND ANGELS first offers the basis for additional suspects.<br/>The most thrilling aspect of this book is Brown's style.  Brown is a crafty writer who has the ability to take the reader to another place.  I was so absorbed, I lost track of time and forgot where I was.  Brown's vividness creates pictured in my mind -- making me forget that I am reading a book and creating the feeling that I am writing a great film.
 If you are of a certain age you'll recall a gimmick of circa about 1970 - the "Pet Rock". The Pet Rock was, if you hadn't heard, an actual pebble. It was packaged into a little cardboard box. I don't remember what it cost - but word was that millions of them sold. People everywhere I went marveled for a moment - they didn't so much WANT a "Pet Rock" as they wanted to come up with something that EVERYONE WANTED and were willing to pay for.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code is the literary equivalent. It is not great literature by any means, but neither are Grisham, Clancy, etc. It's a reasonably well-told, well-thought out story that hits people in a way that makes them want to get the book, read it, then tell their friends "you've GOT to read this book".<br/><br/>In telling his tale he recycles some old obscure religious thoughts that absolutely flies in the face of the Catholic Church and what everyone "knows" about Jesus, Mary Magdalene and the Holy Grail. He must be laughing all the way to the bank at the many Catholic and Historic scholars who are heaping tons of free publicity on his book, thinking that they are trying to dispute his fictional tale.<br/><br/>It's a quick read - about 450 pages with 103 chapters. He writes his chapters with little mini cliff-hangers the way Entertainment Tonight goes into a commercial break with a teasing line like "wait 'til you SEE what Britney/Tom Cruise/Madonna/Kobe Bryant" did! It does make it a page-turner.<br/>I was burning through about 100 pages an hour, and it kept me engaged.<br/><br/>So - if you haven't read it, should you? There are better thrillers. If you have staunch religious beliefs you may be offended. If you like sticking it to the Catholic Church it may tickle you. If you want to know what the buzz is about, it only takes a couple of hours to find out...
 Typically, I avoid the blockbuster, popular, 'everyone has read it' kind of books...but The DaVinci Code sucked me in. I suggested it to a relative to read, and when she was done with it, picked it up myself.....and read it over the past two days...<br/>There are numerous reviews here, and the editorials tell a lot too...to give more info would really spoil the story...so I will avoid a detailed recap of the synopsis....however:<br/>I liked the concept...it has a real hook to it....the idea that the story of Mary Magdalene, Jesus, the Last Supper and the Holy Grail are not all they seem....fascinating.  Maybe I'm just a heathen, but I love when 'all the we think we know' is put into question, which is why I loved the first Matrix film so much...it challenges your faith...not only in God, but in yourself.<br/>I have not read anything prior by Dan Brown, and probably will not seek anything out to suppliment this experience. While the storyline was fascinating, and the book is compulsively readable....chapters that set up the following chapter neatly, or foreshadow events to come...this sort of 'meant to be read on a flight between Boston and Cleveland' literture doesn't really hold my interest for too long, nor draw me in to pick it up. While the Grishams, Crichtons, and Koontz's of the world top the best-seller list...I tend to stray toward more indepth reading...with occasional exception, such as this.<br/>However...if you like that kind of fast-paced, doesn't really require too much attention reading...DaVinci Code will not disappoint. As for it's accuracy.....I cannot comment. Is the Catholic Church withholding the truth about the life of Jesus Christ? As a wise old owl once said (about the amount of licks necessary to get to the center of a lollypop)....'The world may never know'.
 On the first page of The DaVinci Code, the seventy-six-year-old curator of the Louvre, Jacques Sauniere, staggers into the museum's Grand Gallery, tears a Caravaggio off the wall, and collapses backward onto the room's intricate parquet floor. At once an alarm sounds, triggered by the painting's removal, and an iron gate falls shut, sealing the Gallery off from the rest of the museum and separating Sauniere from his attacker.<br/>In the brief interval between his deliberate self-imprisonment and his death, Sauniere constructs an elaborate cipher and, ingeniously, handpicks the individuals who will undertake its solution. French cryptologist Sophie Neveu and Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor and symbologist, must unravel the riddle of the curator's dying message. The path Sauniere sets the two on leads to a series of equally ingenious puzzles and involves them in a historical conspiracy. Wanted by the police, Neveu and Langdon are also shadowed by Sauniere's killer and by the elusive figure who directs him.<br/>As the above summary may suggest, the plot of The DaVinci Code is a complex one, and Brown must impart a great deal of detailed, near scholarly information to readers to make his story comprehensible. But to the author's great credit, the requisite information--about Leonardo DaVinci, or the Knights Templar, or the devout Catholic sect Opus Dei--is delivered at precisely the right moments in the story, and in the right doses, so that the reader is never overwhelmed by it. The plotting of the book, too, is masterful: Brown doles out his revelations so the reader is left wanting more after every bite-sized chapter. The book's characters, particularly the renaissance man Sauniere, are intriguing and likeable. In short, The DaVinci Code is a perfect, riveting novel that will grab you in its first paragraph and keep you reading late into the night.
 Dan Brown is not a great writer, but I give him credit where his credit is due. He has written a wildly entertaining book about a symbologist's unlikely search for the true Holy Grail. Once started on this novel, it is nearly impossible to put down.<br/>Having read books on the thories of the "true" Grail, I respect Brown for his excellent research on the topic, and he comes across like he really knows what he is talking about. The idea of the Vatican being an over-protective, almost evil entity is intriguing, and kept me flipping to see what would happen next.<br/>The characters are all likeable here, which is a neccesity in this type of mystery novel, including the albino monk Silas. Of the few problems in this book is the way that Brown puts out each puzzle to be solved. He delays the answer long enough for the reader to make their best possible guess, and then the answer is discovered by some inprobable means or accident, usually by the one person who should not be able to get the answer. Happiness ensues, while the main character Robert Langdon kicks himself for not knowing and then delving into an explanation of why he should know and where the answer came from. This formula works, but gets tiring by the end of the novel.<br/>But aside from the literary problems, this book is excellent if looked at as a piece of entertainment, a beach book. It is a fun romp through Paris in search of something that has eluded man for thousands of years, and many interesting propositions are put forth about the nature of the Holy Grail, and of the life of Jesus Christ. For those who are more interested in the subject, I would recommend "The Holy Blood and The Holy Grail", a former bestseller that shocked many people with the ideas of the sacred feminine and the bloodlline of Jesus.
 Dan Brown could've just wrote a regular murder mystery, and he might've got some good money from it. But that's not exactly what he did. Insted, he writes a book that totally assaults the Christian faith. I'm not a total Jesus freak, but I go to church, and I know my religion. About all of these so called, "facts" about christianity are completely false. Jesus never got married. There were no gospels telling that Jesus was just mortal. Constantine had nothing to do with the structure of the Bible. The book says that these "lost gospels" were burned by the Catholic Church, and that Constantine the Great assembled the gospels we know today. It also says that some of the "lost gospels" survived and were part of a collection of lost scrolls called the Deep Sea Scrolls, which were discovered in the 1940's.<br/><br/>In reality, there accually IS a collection of lost scrolls found in the 40's called the Deep Sea Scrolls. But those scrolls don't even mention the name Jesus Christ, let alone being a lost gospel.<br/><br/>Many church leaders have looked over many separate hand written Bible manuscripts, and they are completley the same, even word for word, to our Bible today. There are only 11 verses that were strangely added to today's Bible, and none of those even give a hint at suggesting anything that Dan Brown says in this book.<br/><br/>All these lies show that Dan Brown has either never looked into the acual facts, is completely ignorant to the acual facts, or is totally against the acual facts. Millions have already been fooled by this catastrophe. But you can save your faith if your a christian, by not reading this book or seeing the movie.
 From what I surmise, Dan Brown has an intense interest in the early roots of Christianity.  I guess that he had a number of interesting theories supported by specious but tantalizing evidence that couldn't stand up to the scrutiny of non-fiction writing.  Instead, he turns his theories into the background for a rather pedestrian murder mystery that Agatha Christie could have churned out between lunch and tea.<br/>The plot twists are outrageous, the settings are your typical tourist site backdrops, with standard conspiracy theory thrown in for flavoring.  The puzzles for which the book has become famous are far too easy.  On the one hand, the two-dimensional characters are incredibly knowledgeable, but on the other it takes them forever to solve puzzles that any one who paid attention in high school world history could solve.  The popularity of this novel will inevitably lead to a screenplay, which is well suited for canned Hollywood blockbusters.<br/>I gave this book two stars because it is a fairly pleasant read, despite the poor plot and character development.  The historical theorizing are also interesting.  If Dan Brown had been able to write an entire book just on the anti-feminism of the early church, he would have had a great work. However, it seems that he recognized his scholarship was too shallow for academic scrutiny, so he tried to convey his ideas through rather trite pulp fiction.<br/>I sugggest he take all the money he's made from this book and devote his career to plumbing the depths of his theories.  He may have something to write about some day.
 Everything that Dan Brown covers in his book, The Da Vinci Code, was done in far better depth nearly 20 years ago by Umberto Eco in a book titled Foucault's Pendulum.  Except for the fact that Dan Brown chose to harp endlessly on the Mary Magdalene theory.  Umberto Eco, wisely, did little more that mention this concept in his book, because he knew that the Mary Magdalene arguement is implosive - or it destroys itself.  Ask your self this:  in keeping with Dan Brown's theory, Christ was not divine, the holy grail is in fact Mary Magdalene and their progeny.  Okay fine, but if this is the case, and Christ wasn't divine, then why should any of us care who he was??  Better yet, why would we care about Mary Magdalene or her children.  See the problem?  I am not trying to start a theological debate here, I am simply taking the story that Dan Brown wrote.  His argument does not make sense.  If you are intersted in GOOD conspiracy theories, then read Umberto Eco's book.  Unlike Brown, Eco is a professor of history, philosophy, and Semiotics.  He truly knows the information behind the groups that he mentions, and he dosen't waste his time on bogus ideas.  Instead, Foucault's Pendulum analyzes the origins of the Templar, Freemasons, Cabal, and the occult, into a far more interesting story.  The only problem here is that Eco does not write in the simplified manner that Dan Brown does.  You will likely find your self looking up names, words, and references, in order to grasp the intensity of the story - at least, I know I did.  So, if you want a really good story about secret societies and underground movements, then don't waste your time on the juvenile arguments of the Da Vinci code.  Read something better.
 I've been eyeing this book for months, what with all the buzz surrounding it.  I finally broke down and bought it after I saw the PrimeTime special on the underlying premise of the book.  I was not disappointed one bit.  The book sucked me in after the first few pages and propelled me through to the end.  My mind is still swimming with all the facts and historical tidbits that urge the story forward.  I found Robert Langdon to be a pragmatic hero, and his female counterpart Sophie Neveu quite likable, too.  Although Sopie's grandfather and Louvre curator Jacques Sauniere was murdered, he is one of the most lively characters in the book thanks to frequent references, his ingenius coding,  and Sophie's flashbacks.  Sir Leigh Teabing was hilarious enough, until the truth about him is revealed in the end.  Law enforcement officers and members of the church provide a strong cast of secondary characters.<br/>Though some readers may find the symbolism of the Grail actually being Mary Magdalene a bit over the top, I found it a challenging theory for Christianity to consider.  In addition to being a swell read, the book itself was very informative on a plethora of symbology.  This book might be the best-researched work of fiction I've ever read.  Brown incorporates history and symbology into the plot flawlessly.<br/>I look forwad to the next Robert Langdon book, as I've heard one is in the works.  He's sort of like a nerdier Indiana Jones, whose adventures carry him through museums, libraries and cathedrals rather than Indie's slightlly more exotic locales.<br/>If you want a clever mystery that moves at light speed, this book is for you.
 Dan Brown knows how to write a thriller. The pages of this book know how to turn, almost by themselves. He also has a wonderful knack for blurring the line between fact and fiction but this is very much fiction, however it is depicted.<br/>In the beginning of the novel our hero, Robert Langdon, is called by the French police to help understand some strange symbology in the death of a curator at the Louvre. This starts a breathtaking journey through art and religion, Paris and London as he searches, with the aid of a young French woman and an eccentric English gentleman, for clues leading to ancient secrets.<br/>In the background hovers "The Teacher", a mysterious figure who seems to be almost one step ahead of them at each turn. His disciple (or henchman!), Silas, is pursuing them with equal vigor thus setting the scene for this very suspenseful thriller.<br/>The puzzles were well thought out and, better still, solvable by the casual reader which always gives a sense of satisfaction. My only real quibble was with the motivations of one of the minor characters - a bank manager - and when that's the biggest problem with a novel, it must be good.<br/>There are obviously a large, vocal contingent who dislike this book on religious grounds. Everyone is entitled to their opinion but, for my view, it is still a work of fiction that some historical factual input. The weaving of the two is what provided much of the interest for me.<br/>I have since read Angels &amp; Demons. If you enjoyed that novel, you will find much to enjoy here too. There are certainly a lot of similarities in the construction of the books but both stand on their own and both are highly recommended.
 I know, I know it's a suspense book and you're not supposed to take it too seriously.  I disagree.  Fiction is really the best way to spread a theory that is otherwise too hot to handle in the mainstream - and believe me, we ARE talking theory, here.<br/>I know you've read some incredible things about Mary Magdalene and her fling with Jesus the Christ in THE DA VINCI CODE by educated Harvard writer Dan Brown.<br/>Many of these theories come out of a well-financed (Hollywood financed!) minority of revisionist scholars whom the press sees as more exciting when they are, in fact, just speculating.<br/>Consider the non-fiction work of twenty-year New Testament scholar Donald Spoto "The Hidden Jesus".  In Chapter 14 he rules out many of the theories that discount what happened at Christ's Tomb (Mind you, this book is not sold at Christian book stores - he merely represents 70-80 percent of real scholars' opinions):<br/>"....other fantasies have Jesus meeting up with Mary Magdalene and hopping off to Spain, where they marry, settle down, raise a family - and presumably work on their memoirs or obtain a Gucci francise.  This is the stuff of Hollywood, not of historical-religious exploration.  Need I add that, for tales like this, there is, of course, not a shred of reliable historical evidence?.......No, the best historical judgement to make on the tradition is that things happened  as they are written.  There is very much in favor of that, and nothing against it."<br/>I just want to be sure that a decision for or against the craziness depicted in Brown's book and many others is made based on an educated opinion, not a sensationalist one or one because the Catholic Church sucks.<br/>I couldn't get around the hyberbola hocus-pocus that he presents as fact.  I'm sure if he could comment he would say "Well....it is!" But he presents his theory to people who barely have time to entertain themselves with a book - much less learn Aramaic, Hebrew, and Greek to discount him.  It's 'Best Seller's list' status makes me want to buy a newspaper franchise because It's going to take a hundred years to educate the public properly on what most real scholars believe: a truth so apparent, so clear that it doesn't make good TV.<br/>I give the book 0 stars for Yellow Journalism.
 The protagonists in Dan Brown's best selling novel, "The Da Vinci Code," are Robert Langdon, a brilliant symbologist from Harvard and Sophie Neveu, a French cryptologist.  Sophie's grandfather, Jacques Sauniere, was brutally murdered in the Grand Gallery of the Louvre Museum in Paris, where he was curator. The French police suspect that Langdon may be the killer, but Langdon flees after protesting his innocence.  He teams up with Sophie to decipher the clues that Sauniere left behind in the minutes before he died.  The two then embark on a difficult and dangerous search that leads them through France and London on the trail of the real killer.<br/>"The Da Vinci Code" is filled with complex puzzles and arcane facts about such subjects as the history of the Roman Catholic Church, Leonardo Da Vinci's genius, and the origins of such words as "villain" and "heretic".  If you like puzzles and obscure history as I do, then you may find these parts of the book intriguing.<br/>However, Brown does not completely succeed in writing a great thriller.  The characters of Sophie and Robert are poorly developed.  We get no sense of them as human beings.  They are merely vehicles for the many set speeches that they make throughout the book, often along the lines of, "I've got it! Let me explain what this code means!"  The dialogue is stilted, the villains are stock characters, and the author overuses italics and exclamation points to show the reader that a very important event is occurring. On the plus side, Brown certainly piqued my interest with his fascinating and tantalizing codes and his unusual tale of a secret so earthshattering that it drives people to kill.
 There has been a gargantuan amount of attention, energy, and money dedicated to debunking this novel...<br/><br/>Now before you go on, think about that statement; a novel is a work of fiction and "debunking" means disproving, so debunking fiction would create fact, correct? Unfortunately the Catholic Church didn't think about that when they began their wild-eyed, hysterical rantings about this novel and, as a result, have given this average thriller an enormous sales boost by making it seem like they (the Church) have something to hide... And made it where I can't turn on any of the discovery channels without hearing about all the falsehoods found in a fictional book...<br/><br/>Anyway;<br/><br/>The DaVinci Code is the fourth book from Dan Brown (the second to feature lead character Robert Langdon) and the novel plays out kind of like a scavenger hunt that involves the reader and encourages them to solve the next puzzle. Not poorly written or simplistic but it is written for mass market, cross-genre' appeal, and I do believe he had a movie in mind when he wrote it.<br/><br/> It never quite reaches the level of full-blown thriller (more like thriller-lite), some of the plot twists are predictable, and some of the characters are a bit thin but The DaVinci Code isn't a bad read if you just want some entertainment. If you are looking for deep insights into human nature, answers to moral and philosophical question, or works of historical significance then you should look elsewhere. If you want some quick escapism that has some interesting puzzles then try The DaVinci Code.
 A sluggish cryptology caper whose storyline I'll leave to others to summarize.<br/>Author Brown is of the tour-guide school of novelisting, relentlessly filling us in on every reference and footnote. To be fair, he manages it more seamlessly than many others. It's also crying out to be filmed (which at last check shows no option snapped up, but that's for his agent to time).<br/>On the run, our hero and his comely Sophie Marceau-style feisty companion find refuge with a Paris-based knight with a name to rival Tufton Beamish, Leigh Teabing.<br/>Mysteriously reluctant to allow his guests more than a fleeting glimpse, on page 231 Sir L tantalizes them with the teaser that, "Da Vinci painted the true Grail, which I will show you momentarily."<br/>Honestly, it's one thing to have airline pilots taunt us with a brief bumping of tarmac before bouncing off again to Lord-knows where, but to have a man of supposed letters flub at this basic a level - and with a K of the Realm - just makes one despair.<br/>Not much further on, Teabing credits some heavy-handed duplicity to his time with the "Oxford Theatre Club". This could well be the case, but considering how carefully Brown fashions LT as a bogus and pompous oaf, he's far more likely to pretend a link with OUDS.<br/>No match for the double whammy of sloppy research and a tin ear, I handed this fairy tale to *my* Rémy Lagaludec (another ludicrous nomen) with instructions that it be placed below stairs for the maids' amusement.<br/>I've no idea how or if DVC reaches any workable conclusion. Perhaps one of les domestiques will post their own assessment.
 This one was good, and for someone not familiar with the "revelations" inside it, I'm sure it would be tremendously gripping, as well. The controversy that surrounds the book is fairly amusing to me, though, because for some reason, people can't seem to grasp the definition of the word "fiction."  I'm pretty familiar with the Grail tales, though, so that part wasn't new to me.  Personally, I find it odd that the folks who are screaming the loudest can't seem to grasp the concept that one myth is as good as another and ultimately, anything that cannot be proven must remain in the fictional realm.  Whatever.  Langdon is a good character, a kind of modern-day Indiana Jones, and I think this would have made a much better movie than it did and perhaps the choice of Tom Hanks for the starring role was a factor in that. The story was a good one and unfolded in a mesmerizing fashion, which seems to be Dan Brown's stock in trade. But, IMO, this one wasn't quite the page turner that Angels and Demons was, at least for me. And, somehow, (saying this in a way that won't ruin it for folks who haven't read it yet!) I wasn't completely satisfied when the "bad guy" was finally revealed. And, I have to admit, at the very end, I thought, "You slut!" about Langdon. LOL
 The Da Vinci Code isn't a bad book. It has a lot of things going for it, such as an interesting protagonist, lots of twist and turns, and interesting historical information. However, it also has a few very serious problems, including fairly unbelievable depictions of how people would react in the given situations, a few too many "close shave" getaways, and a villain, who when revealed makes no sense.<br/><br/>Now, I am not going to spoil the ending, but a critical look of how it was all "done" at the end leaves a lot of questions unanswered. Why didn't the "villain" or "villains" just do what they are doing in a simpler fashion?  I can't articulate more without ruining the plot, but let's just say that it's akin to many detective shows that use the "flashback" method to explain the crime, and usually they don't make sense when one reasonably analyzes the flashbacks... Anyhow, it doesn't change the fact that this is a fast paced and easy read. I can certainly see why it appeals to the masses, as it purports to tell a great mystery - and many people likely love the idea of historical conspiracies, especially when told in such a simple writing style. Even I loved the level of bashing of the Catholic Church, and how they treated pagans -like me - throughout history.  I would suggest that you read this book, just don't expect it to be quite as great as many people might set it up to be as the Code is really just another overly complicated crime that needs deciphering...<br/><br/>Relic113
 Much ado about nothing concerning the historical inaccuracies in this book.  Being a bit of an art sleuth myself I examined the cover and noticed the words "a novel" cleverly hidden several centimeters above Mona Lisa's left eye.  All caps, white on black.<br/>Having uncovered Dan Brown's `secret' before I opened the book, I was able to enjoy this read for what it is:  A nice whodunit with an intriguing premise that runs clumsily out of gas about half way through.  I suspect Mr. Brown had a deadline to meet or perhaps got impatient with his work.  Too bad, because for about 200 pages this is about as good a read as you're going to find anywhere.  But when I got to the end of the quest I really didn't care at all how things were resolved.  The second half of the book becomes sort of character pinball, with many sudden changes of direction for all involved.<br/>The questions about the life of Jesus, secrets in the works of the Masters, and the mystery of the Holy Grail have all been out there and discussed for all of my lifetime and for centuries before, I'm sure.  Brown deserves a lot of credit for putting them together so cleverly in modern mystery form.  If he'd taken the same care with the second half of his novel as he did with the beginning we might be looking at a work of the stature of Follett's "Pillars of the Earth", instead we're left with a good detective story that gets just a little zany towards the end.<br/>All of the above said, it is a page-turner and deserves three stars.
 . . . I didn't want to write this review, but enough of my students and friends have asked me about this book that, as an educator and a theologian, I must comment.<br/><br/>From an historical point of view:  I agree with Tom Hanks' self-assessment.  This is hooey.  The "Priory of Sion" is a well-documented 20th century fraud.  (Well-documented by SECULAR experts).  There is an organization called "Opus Dei" -- but the similarity between Dan Brown's invention and reality ends there.  The Council of Nicaea did meet -- but didn't do what Brown implies.  NONE OF THESE ARE MY OPINIONS, THEY ARE EASILY VERIFIABLE FACTS!<br/><br/>From a theological point of view:  This is nothing more than a vicious attack on the Church (a Church which Dan Brown openly and categorically despises).<br/><br/>From a literary point of view:  This is a poorly written, poorly researched book.  If this is what passes for "good fiction writing" in an academic sense -- then the American novel is a rapidly dying genre.<br/><br/>Look, the main reason this book has become the bestseller that it is, is due to the controversy surrounding it.  And the bashing of Christianity in general, and Catholicism in particular, is the last acceptable prejudice in society today. (Can you imagine a similar work attacking Judaism?  Or Islam?  Remember what happened when Salmon Rushdie wrote "The Satanic Verses"?)<br/><br/>If you are interested in integrity (regardless of your religious persuasion) avoid.
 The Di Vinci Code is a murder mystery that starts out fast paced and easily pulls the reader into its exciting plot, but somehow falls short of expectations by the end.  Don't get me wrong, it is a good summer/beach read but I found the writing predictable, hollow and at points very melodramatic.  If your looking for good writing look elsewhere.  If your looking for fast paced, Hollywood style characters and a plot with an interesting premise this book is the one.<br/>The books two main characters Robert Langdon a symbologist and Sophie Neveu a cryptologist meet in an unlikely way; at the murder scene of her grandfather.  The story runs away from there when the two discover an ancient secret tied up with a centuries old society that worships the goddess.  On the run from the police, Sophie and Robert on limited time try to figure out the code and discover what is hidden.  Interesting enough characters to begin with, but they are never really developed and fall into a predictable sequence of boy meets girl patterns. Other characters in the story include; an albino monk, a knight named Sir Leigh Teabing, a bulldog French police captain and a mysterious, faceless character called "the teacher."  The greatest strength is the research and attention to detail that Brown uses in his plot.  It is fascinating, to read about Da Vinci, the Priory of Scion, Opus Dei and the hundreds of details he works into the plot on religious and pagan symbols.  An interesting, fast read but a bit slow during the second half of the book.
 What struck me as funny as this climbed the best seller list and so many people were reading it, was that a group of people started saying that the work of fiction had a basis in reality. Naturally that leads one to read the story and find out how farcical that is.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code had a few too many leaps of faith and suspensions of disbelief to be a great story. As a mystery, it was so-so. As a phenomenon it was worse. I read it in two days on a cruise and wish I could get those days back for a different book.<br/><br/>But reading the story does give you the right to have a dialogue with someone and tell them that if they believe the story to be factual, then they are living in the fantasy world of Dan Brown. Too many outlandish things to make the conspiracy a reality. Perhaps that is what kills it. The more complex a conspiracy, the less chance it has a being believable.<br/><br/>So how many things that could be probable, well perhaps our heroine is who she is purported to be. How does that connect to two of the most recognizable pictures of the renaissance. One, or the other, but both? Too many ingredients in the mix. The story just doesn't sell and is not worth a reread ever.<br/><br/>Then Tom Hanks in the moving, and he certainly is not playing as heroic as he has been capable of before...
 In many ways THE DA VINCI CODE was similar to ANGELS AND DEMONS.  Both books start off a little slowly, but if you persevere, the pace picks up and, it seems like each chapter is more exciting. The main character is Robert Langdon, an American professor from Harvard.  His field is Semiotics, the study and theory of signs and symbols,<br/><br/>Author Dan Brown takes on the Opus Dei organization along with another ancient secret society whose members were supposed to be some of the greatest men of the world, including Sir Isaac Newton and Leonardo da Vinci. The story begins in France where Robert Langdon is on a lecture tour.  He's due to meet with a famous museum curator when the police advise him that the curator was killed.  The man's body is laid out, in what appears to be a ritualistic fashion.  Robert assumes that the police want his expertise in helping to solve the murder, but he's warned by Sophie Neveu, a French Cryptologist, that the police believe that Robert is the killer.  Because of information that she's received, she knows that he's innocent.  Robert and Sophie team up to solve the mystery which leads them into amazing and mind boggling discoveries.<br/><br/>This author writes fascinating action fiction that keeps you interested and wanting to know more; however, his characters are a little bland. The exception is Lee, a wealthy Englishman who is also an expert in ancient symbols. I found him to be engaging and the most arresting character in the story.<br/><br/>Judith Miller
 The Da Vinci Code is Dan Brown's suspense novel about the hunt for the Holy Grail and those who would stop its discovery.  It is an intriguing presentation of theories about the Grail and various religious conspiracies, but fans of the suspense genre may sense a certain been-there-done-that feel to the book.<br/>The story begins with Robert Langdon, a professor specializing in religious symbols, being called to the scene of a strange murder at the Louvre.  The victim has conveniently taken long enough to die to leave a riddle behind, a riddle intended to team up Langdon with the victim's granddaughter, Sophie, and send them off on a quest for the Grail.  They set off on this quest, pursued by the police (who think Langdon is the killer),  a mysterious figure called the Teacher, and a giant albino monk who is hired muscle (all these types of novels have some freakish killer) and part of an extreme sect within the Catholic Church.<br/>Apart from some interesting theories about the Church and the Grail and various pieces of art (such as the Mona Lisa), this novel doesn't offer much, but Brown does write well enough to keep things reasonably exciting.  Though the story requires a lot of exposition, Brown does a good job of parceling it out in small doses mixed in with the action.<br/>Although the theories in the story sometimes cross the line into implausibility, Brown does put together some rather intriguing concepts.  This is far from a perfect novel, and far from an original one, but it is a fun one.
 There's been so much controversy over this book for the past several years.  People don't understand the difference between FICTION and NON-FICTION, I guess.  When you read the reviews of other fiction books, you don't usually get a lot of controversial statements about the content of the book.  However, this one is different.<br/><br/>There are so many Catholics and Christians who are upset by this book (which is why I was interested in reading it).  I took it for what it was: FICTION!<br/><br/>Yes, I'm impressed with his extensive research and how well he wrote the story.  Yes, it got me thinking.  No, I don't agree that Jesus Christ had a child.  No, I don't think that Jesus was married to Mary Magdelene.  Yes, I think the original Bible was altered drastically by kings in order to control the masses of people.  No, I don't believe Jesus Christ is God.  Yes, I believe Jesus Christ is the SON of God, as we ALL are children of God.<br/><br/>I didn't get upset with the book because I disagreed with some things.  It's just a BOOK!  Even if it was non-fiction, I still wouldn't be upset because EVERYONE is entitled to their opinion and their story.<br/><br/>As far as the book itself, the first few chapters were slow but, once I got past a certain point (I believe it was Chapter 6 or so) I couldn't put it down.  This was the most well-researched fiction books I've ever read.<br/><br/>Good job, Dan Brown!  Make your next book EVEN MORE CONTROVERSIAL!
 In reality, this book was just Angels and Demons, with the onl difference being that the Holy Grail was substituted for the Illuminati.<br/>I'll give Brown a 5 star rating for having the courage and the creativeness to plug in very constroversial topics into a murder/conspiracy setting. It takes a lot of guts to have book presented to the general public in which you clearly get the author's opinion as to the divinity of Christ and whether he married and reproduced. So kudos to Brown for the guts and for the ingenuity to translate this "theory" into a fictionalized setting such that the general public finds it more plausible. If I was a real conspiracy nut, I would guess that Angels and Demons and the Da Vinci code was a "testing of the waters" as to public reception, and keep the concept of New World Order (Angels and Demons), and blood decendant of Jesus (Da Vinci Code), moderately acceptable in the public mind.<br/>In any event, Brown is clearly not an eloquent writer. Rather, his appeal lies in the simplicity of his message and the simplicity of the conveyance of his message. The research could have been a little deeper, and frankly it was way too transparent as to how this was going to turn out. I guess overall if you are looking for something intellectual and think you are getting an intellectual thriller---you're not. If you are looking for fun and something new--I would give this a 4 or 5 star rating--I just had a different expectation level when I bought the book
 What can be said about The Da Vinci Code that hasn't already been said before? The book is one of the bestselling books of all time. The movie was equally popular. The story line, characters, and quality of Dan Brown's writing have been debated to death. The Da Vinci Code truly swept the world.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code has been criticized for being poorly written fluff. I just don't see it. The book isn't a hard read, but books don't have to be difficult to be considered good. The concept is intriguing and the adventurous mystery completely sucks you in. The pages fly as you unravel clues and learn a little history along the way.<br/><br/>Obviously everything presented in The Da Vinci Code isn't entirely accurate. Historical or not, the book is still fiction. Not every portion of the mystery is going to be completely true, but there are some interesting educational facts to be found for those not well versed in secret societies or anything biblical.<br/><br/>The bottom line is that The Da Vinci Code isn't perfect, but it is a fast-paced, engrossing historical mystery that can completely wow you if read with an open mind.
 .... is how this book got published by a major house in the first place! This book is awful! If you consider flat characters, dull dialogue, plot "twists" you see coming miles ahead of you, and controversies and conspiracies that barely register a "so what?" level of response, then the "DaVinci Code" will be your cup of Teabing, er, tea.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon's back, this time in Paris, to learn his after-dinner contact has been found murdered and naked in the middle of the Lourve. It seems he wrote a series of clues on his body and in the crime scene to lead his granddaughter and Langdon on a western European wild goose chase/ treasure hunt. Along the way, the cops and an albino monk are chasing them.<br/><br/>Of course, nothing's what it seems, and each clue leads straight into another set-piece situation.<br/><br/>Instead of hiding clues in a vault, in a mechanical puzzle written on papyrus, they should have been written on an old MAD magazine stuffed into a plastic Easter egg. And please don't get me started on what Grandpa was doing down in the basement ....
 I don't understand the overwhelming popularity of the book. There are interesting theories presented (and if not supported by actual research, then Brown has done a wonderful job of fabricating evidence to back them) but the theories are wrapped in a thin plot that does little more than move us from one location to another so the main character can give lectures. Without going into too much detail, the story goes that Leonardo Da Vinci, among other great minds throughout history, belonged to a secret society that watched over the secrets of the Holy Grail. Da Vinci hid in his paintings many clues to the true meaning of the Grail. Interesting. And I probably would have enjoyed a non-fiction book about those theories.<br/><br/>But to be fair, this is a work of fiction, never intended to be non-fiction. Even at that though, it only mildly succeeds. The characters are poorly developed, the writing does nothing more than advance the plot, the dialogue is bad and the constant use of italics to convey the thoughts of the characters is irritating, as is the use of cheap and tired plot tricks to build suspense. As a cat-and-mouse crime caper, I've read better (James Patterson to name one author, if those are your kind of books). Overall, the book felt small to me. The timeframe, the storyline, the resolution--none of it lived up to the hype. Interesting premise, but the execution is probably suited more for a movie than a book.
 "The Da Vinci Code" is not fine literature, and those who wish to read something of a higher literary caliber should look elsewhere. However, if you are looking for page turning entertainment, this novel does the trick.<br/><br/>As everyone has heard by now, "The Da Vinci Code" centers around Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon as he is plunged into the middle of a race against time to discover the mystery as to who murdered Paris art curator Jacques Sauniere in the Louvre, leaving a series of mind boggling clues behind.<br/><br/>It is later revealed that the group behind Sauniere's death is Opus Dei, a real-life conservative sect of The Catholic Church, whom say are little more than a cult who seek to brainwash members and influence the world through their wealth and muscle.<br/><br/>Of course, the greatest revelation is that Jesus Christ was married to Mary Magdalene (who was not a prostitute) and that they had a family--meaning that to this day there are blood heirs to the Church, a secret that the church will stop at nothing to conceal, for it is they who are the rightful rulers of one of the most powerful entities on Earth.<br/><br/>40 million copies sold in the past three years can't be wrong, and "The Da Vinci Code" certainly lives to the hype in some respects. True, the writing is somewhat pedestrian and the book drags in some places, but this is commercial fiction in its finest form.<br/><br/>Recommended for anyone who hasn't seen the movie or read the book, or anyone who is willing to put their own beliefs aside and listen to an alterative viewpoint, one that could possibly have greater ramifications than we could have ever dreamed of!
 The Da Vinci Code (DVC) reminds me of a french poodle because after you shave the poodle all you have is a skinny little dog. Likewise, after one shears DVC of its ponderous factual baggage, there is nothing more than a trite plot and minimal character development. For Christ conspiracy theorists DVC is certainly a feast, but I am merely a reader in search of not a grail, but a good thriller.<br/><br/>  My first criticism is that of extremely poor character development. After introducing typical stereotypes, Brown goes no further. Langdon is a prototypical professor-tweed jacket, humorous but patronizing, etc. Sophie Neveu is also, while a strong female character, typically French. Silas, a red eyed albino, likewise is a typical insane villain. Even the real villain in the novel is not well disguised.<br/><br/>  The plot, likewise, is fairly simple and the solution is anticlimactic at best. Why do so many readers enjoy DVC--facts, facts, and more facts (many of which are completely irrelevant) and which Mr. Brown claims earnestly are true. This is the first novel that I have read that has as its beginning a disclaimer entitled "Fact" and stating "all descriptions of artwork, documents, and secret rituals in this novel are accurate." So what we have is a novel that doesn't want to be a novel and fiction that claims it is not fiction. Therein lies the truth and why DVC is a weak thriller at best.
 STOP wondering ... U should read this book ... (or listen to it... i'm an audiobook junkie)...there are over 3000 reviews of this book just here on Amazon... IMAGINE... a fiction book spawning such a controversy!!! what's not to read...<br/><br/>LOOK, we all form our own opinions about how well the story is told, how well the characters are developed, how the story flows, is the information historically (or otherwise accurate)?<br/><br/>WHO CARES!!!!!!!!! Anything about any of that... any fiction book that has generated as much discussion, comment, controversey, suspense... etc. etc. etc.... deserves at least one read (listen).<br/><br/>I my opinion, this is a GREAT STORY... whether it is a great "book" or not is not for me to say... but it is A GREAT story... well told, with (at least 4 me) .. vivid characters, lots of action, mystery, suspense, some romance, and BEST of all ... a spellbinding presentation of otherwise unknown, ignored, or purposefully hidden? ... facts about some of history's most well known intellectuals .... AND YES, about the Cathloic Church's history ..... IS IT still going on today????<br/><br/>In short, I'm not going to claim I am any great book critic... BUT, I KNOW A GOOD STORY WHEN I HEAR ONE ... (read one)... this book is so popular, criticized, maligned, praised, .... WIDELY READ (KEY POINT)... because it DESERVES to be........ like all the innuendo or not..... it's a GREAT BOOK... READ or LISTEN to it or you will have missed out on the best book of the early 2000s....... maybe for many years to come....
 I was really surprised in reading the reviews not to see more complaints about the nature of this book and some of the assertions in it.  The book itself is almost a text book of how to hold a reader's interest while the author delivers large amounts information about old and arcane subjects necessary for the story line to hold together that the reader did not realize until right then that they had an interest in finding out more about.  Some of plot points are a bit contrived, but by then you really don't mind because you just want to find out where this very interesting mind is leading you.<br/> While not a Catholic, I did find that the book bashed more often and more heavily than I thought was necessary a noble and important faith.  On the other hand in the last 2000 or so years some people have done some literally unforgivable things on behalf of faith and the Church.  So a balance of truth is the question and there the author gets the benefit of the doubt in order to tell his story, and what a story it is.  I will not give it away, but to include the movie Eyes Wide Shut and Leonardo da Vinci in a story that begins with the story of Christ and ends in present day Paris is quite an achievement.  The author does tie it all together.  He faithfully, if at times obviously follows the rule that, if there is a gun on the table in the first act it most certainly goes off in the third, and again behind the curtain as it drops.  Great stuff this.
 This book was purely escape literature.  To read a really good book or three with true literary value, try The Count of Monte Cristo, Les Miserables (unabridged), and Pontius Pilate by Paul Maier.  The latter two dealing with real historical facts to support the story. To all those who believe everything they read... the character development was poorly done, the language was elementary, and the "historical facts" were horribly erroneous.  Dan Brown took SO much artistic lisence with history that it caused his "facts" to be almost void of historical basis. And just for all those who are wondering, because I havn't heard in mentioned, the gospel of Mary Magdalene, gospel of Thomas, etc. comes from the Apocrapha, an authentic ancient record that was unearthed in the 1800's, but which dates around 110 A.D.(the heart of the apostasy), which means we at least know that they were not penned by these authors. Therefore, they may or may not be accurate to the authors intents. As a student of the arts and religion i've done my share of research. Reasearch is an interesting thing.  You can usually prove both sides of a story with stats and research.  Does that make both sides of the story true?  No. Truth needs no believers.  It will exist without them.  I could take an intellectual and subjective point of view for my review on this book, but why should I?  I AM a religious person and am not by any means ashamed of it nor do I tremble at the so called "intellect" of the world.  God is Truth and there wasn't much of God in this book.  I'll give it credit for giving easily swayed folks somthing to stress about and being a good read for escape literature.  I also found this book to be both a struggling attempt at another view point and a mockery to intelligent and or faithful Christians.  So the question is, when you read this book will you allow yourself to be tossed to and fro by every wind of doctrine? There is One who knows all truth, and I can gaurantee you, it's not Dan Brown.
 I am not a Christian, I have no faith in any religion. As a normal reader who therefore read this book without any personal emotional judgment, I considered this an interesting and informational book.<br/>By providing visual references for the works of art, architectures, and religious symbology discussed in the text, he made his novel sound extremely convincing and inevitably deluded you from what's real and what's fictional.<br/>The most successful point of this book is that, it makes people think more about the facts of how mysterious Christianity is and how religions connect to history. At least, for me, this book stirred my desire of exploring the truth of the unknown Da Vinci and the secret behind his masterpieces. I know there are many books written to support or refute the “facts” that Dan Brown mentioned in Da Vinci Code, which shows how influencial the book is. Everybody has his/her own opinion. Everybody knows we can’t take a novel too serious. If you don’t agree with the viewpoints Dan Brown stated, just go and search for more information. You got a chance of learning, isn't it awesome?<br/>Religion conflicts will be continued, more desired and knowledgeable people will rise to solve the problem. This book lights up the fire in my mind to explore more.
 Let me start by saying that this book is in no way true, it is a fictional story that is loosly based on theories that have been around and researched for some time but never proven.  As for the ones who say the book isn't accurate to the religeous evidence, it's fiction, it doesn't have to be!!  You don't hear people whine that The Raiders of the Lost Arc isn't accurate with how Hitler and the Third Reich were searching for ancient religeous and powerful artifact during WWII, why?  Because it's a fictional story just like The Da Vinci Code!  Enough of that, most of you know the gist of what the story is about so I won't go into that.  I so want to tell you what the reading experience was for me, this book was a white knuckle, edge of your seat, can't put down, stay up til 3 in the morning reading thrill ride that I hated to see end.  I mean, if you finish a book and when you first put it down you say aloud "Now that was a good book!" and there isn't anyone in the room to hear it you know you have just read something special!  I absolutly love this book and now that I know there is a prequel (Angels and Demons) I cant wait to get it.  I know the religious content in this book isn't original but the story Dan Brown spins it into is truly genius.  I don't know about the movie, I haven't seen it but I have trouble seeing Tom Hanks playing the part of Langdon, I don't know why but it just doesn't fit to me.  Anyway, if you are one of the few people who haven't read this book it is well worth your time.  I finished it in 4 day which is a first for me.  Hope this helps.
 Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code is a nice mystery story that has been read by many.  Although many of his "clues" were a bit too obvious for me, it always helps the reader to know a little more than the characters within the story.  Brown is effective in his writing style with simultaneous streams of action, moving from one story line to another, finally drawing all the story lines together in a "surprise" ending.  But, he obviously wanted to do more...<br/>The premise of Da Vinci Code is related to the current trend in New Testament study of examining other "stories" of Jesus led by Elaine Pagels and Bart Ehrman.  Non-canonical Gospels (extra-biblical stories of Jesus) are moving to the forefront of biblical studies.  Sure, there are lots of stories of Jesus besides those that exist in the New Testament canon, but what is one to do with them.  It appears that Brown would have us take the non-biblical traditions of a marriage between Jesus and Mary Magdalene and their resulting children as "the" story of Jesus.  While this is disturbing to many orthodox Christians (as evidenced by the reviews by the defensive, distressed found here), Brown doesn't succeed in overthrowing traditional Christianity.<br/>Da Vinci Code argues that the four New Testament Gospels were selected by a group within Christianity that chose to ignore or omit other writings about Jesus and early Christianity.  This is true.  The mere fact that there were other gospels at the time that the New Testament canon does not elevate the value of those non-selected gospels over Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John.  Those who selected the New Testament canon appear to have some criteria besides establishing themselves as the power brokers in the Christian church.  At least one criterion was use by Christians and Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John appear to surpass other gospels in this regard.  Brown would have his reader toss the New Testament in favor of a god-goddess, male-female religion similar to Greco-Roman religions of the first century C.E.  His argument seems to be, the church rejected the Mary Magdalene story and a "sexy" Christianity, but not everyone did.  Since some continued to practice a fertility Christianity, it must have been the true story of Jesus and those in the New Testament canon were wrong.  Unfortunately, for Brown, the best argument he can make is that a gospel of Mary Magdalene should have a credibility equal to the New Testament gospels.  He does not develop a case for the outright rejection of the New Testament story.<br/>Still, Da Vinci Code is a good read and relates well to what will perhaps be the key topic in biblical studies and theology for the next few years.
 An utterly worthless book, merely a tepid imitation of<br/><br/>Umberto Eco's erudite literary magnus 'Foucault's<br/><br/>Pendulum', it attempts to merge the secretive orders<br/><br/>of the Renaissance with those of the superstitious<br/><br/>dark ages in a pubescent detective approach. The fact<br/><br/>is, there were no "dark ages", with regards to<br/><br/>history, the power of the Church and Nation States<br/><br/>actually killed more humans and uprooted more nomadic<br/><br/>people in the Renaissance (the cause of continous<br/><br/>warefare) than whatever occurred since after the fall<br/><br/>of the Roman empire. Nothing is so thoroughly<br/><br/>unconvincing, except perhaps the unadorned candor and<br/><br/>writing style of the monotonous author, who purges<br/><br/>every page with excessive description and repetitve<br/><br/>action sequences found in a basic high school novel.<br/><br/>The book was only created to gratify the audience of<br/><br/>"city commuters", whose grasp on the iconography of<br/><br/>history is minimal, and who still gobble this up in<br/><br/>the droves at their bland suburban book stores and<br/><br/>await the movie and sequel like pithy flies. Truly,<br/><br/>works like this signal the death of authentic and<br/><br/>extraordinary literature, a sad yet ineffective<br/><br/>comment on modern times.
 The book The Da Vinci Code is a very thrilling novel about an American Symbologist, Robert Langdon. His work trip to Paris is interrupted by the murder of the Louvre's curator, Jacques Sauniere. He quickly finds himself wrapped up in a complex conspiracy stretching from the time of Christ to Da Vinci himself to the modern era and it's Catholic Church. He and his companion, French Judicial Police Cryptographer Sophia Sauniere, are pursued by the fanatical branch of the Church known as Opus Dei, the French Judicial Police themselves, as well as international authorities, all in their quest to find the Holy Grail, and the unstoppable ride to the very center of the secrets the Catholic Church has kept secret for so long. Overall, it keeps up a pace to hold your interest, and the numerous twists and turns are more than enough to peak the interest of any reader. It is a difficult book to put down and has the much-sought attribute of re-readability. It is a fantastic story, and requires no experience with the Langdon series to understand the plot, while still leaving the others open to read, and unspoiled story.
 This isn't an especially well-written book but it's very interesting and very provocative.  The idea that there are competing strains/versions of Christianity and that the official church (the Vatican) has acted to destroy or at least suppress the truth is an old one but Dan Brown uses this idea to great effect.<br/><br/>  The characters are interesting and the plot moves very quickly---this is a real page-turner.  Brown constantly leaves you guessing and you are never sure who is on the side of the hero and heroine and who is opposed to them.<br/>  I loved the interaction between Langdon (the hero---a Harvard professor) and Sophie Neveu (the heroine---a Parisian cop and cryptologist).  The action in the book occurs over abt a day or two and Sophie and Langdon's relationship is true to this.  Many thrillers have the hero and heroine fall madly in love within a 24 hour period as they are being chased by bad guys---this is pretty unrealistic!  Brown doesn't fall into this trap.  His characters have only just met and they maintain a professional and very real relationship throughout the book (no sex on the run).<br/>  My only complaint (and it's very minor) is that Brown doesn't include a "Historical Footnotes" page.  I wanted to know what was true and what was not true in the book!<br/>  Buy this---and reserve a day to read it.  It goes very quickly and you won't regret it!
 Mr. Brown has done an excellent job of taking lots of facts and theories and weaving them together into an interesting story.  Although it�s billed as a mystery, it�s really more of a theoretical theology tale.  Mr. Brown certainly did a lot of research for this book.  A lot of the premises that he sets forth, I checked up on and found them to be real.<br/>For example, yes, there really is an Opus Dei.  Yes, there is a web site....Read his description of Da Vinci�s last supper with a good copy of it at hand to follow along.  It�s astounding how the symbolism he describes is there.<br/>I�m sure that Mr. Brown has done nothing to endear himself with some in the Catholic community, since he does paint the church in somewhat the light of the �bad guy�, but none the less, he has put forward a very interesting theory.  I�m sure that if I were a student of comparative religions, of the Knights Templar or of symbology many of the theories that Mr. Brown has put forward are in the learned literature, but Mr. Brown has put them into an enjoyable read for us common folks.<br/>I must however subtract one star from the book for the same criticisms that many of the other reviewers have stated.  The only character that is given any real motivation seems to be Silas.  All the other characters seem to be there for the delivery of dialogue to explain the theory that Mr. Brown is developing.
 Many novels are flawed, saddled with implausible plots, boring characters, and poor writing.  In the normal course of things, such books suffer the fate of Natural Selection: given small production runs, little-to-no publicity, and ignored by readers, they soon find their way to the sale tables, to be remaindered at bargain-basement prices, or to be recycled as packing material for more notable efforts.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, some novels are not merely mediocre; they are painfully, even excruciatingly, bad.  Like George W. Bush and instant mashed potatos, their very existence calls out for attention, some effort to expose their many deficiencies to the harsh light of day, and to inform the public that they have the right to (and ought to demand) better.  Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code is one such travesty recently perpetrated on the reading public.  It is living proof that whatever is popular is not necessarily good, and readers who doubt this distinction should invest in a good dictionary.<br/><br/>To be fair, the plot of The Da Vinci Code is clever and well-conceived: it is an action thriller aimed at the movie-going public.  The frenetic pace has our intrepid hero, Harvard Professor of "Symbology" Dr. Robert Langdon, accompanied by French police code-breaker (and descendent of Jesus) Sophie Neveu, dashing from Paris to it's outskirts, on to London, then Scotland, and back again to Paris, in search of the Holy Grail, no less -- all in the space of less than twenty-four-hours!  It is, in short a skillful blend of the pace of Mission Impossible with the religious-historical storyline of The Name of the Rose.  Think Umberto Eco Lite.<br/><br/>Moreover, the novel is badly overwritten, right from it's opening line: "Renowned curator Jacques Saunière staggered through the vaulted archway..."  Could his fame possibly be postponed until we know a little more about his predicament?  Brown seems addicted to the liberal use of exclamation marks and italicised phrases labouring the obvious, like a ham-actor villain in a silent movie looking directly at the audience and leering in a menacing manner: "This is my fault!"  "Is she out of her mind?"  "If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes"  "I'll just take a fast peek!"  "There must be something here!"  "Could that be it?"  "I'm dreaming.  A dream.  What else could this be?"  And so on.<br/><br/>Brown's plot devices range from the merely silly to the outrageous.  In supporting his claims about hidden messages in works of art he ludicrously weaves in a reference to Walt Disney's The Lion King.  More disturbingly, Brown plays fast and loose with history.  A sample: in his preface, Brown claims "all descriptions of artwork...in this novel are accurate."  Yet in the service of his plot Brown shamelessly reverses the figures of Jesus and St. John the Baptist in Leonardo's painting, Madonna of the Rocks, even though it's obvious who is whom (St. John has his signature staff, and Jesus is blessing him - not the other way around.)  Nor is the archangel Uriel making a slitting-his-throat gesture (as asserted), but is simply pointing at John.  Finally, Brown bases his entire plot on the existence of a secret society called The Priory of Sion, allegedly founded in 1099, whose existence is confirmed by medieval documents deposited in the Bibliothèque Nationale in Paris.  Described as "fact" at the beginning of the book, the Priory of Sion never actually existed.  Far from having a history that spanned more than a millennium, the Priory was a hoax perpetrated by Pierre Plantard, a con-victed con-man who in 1956 planted the bogus "medieval" documents in the National Library's files.  I have no problem at all with novelists inventing "facts" to lend their stories credence; after all, that's what fiction is.  But it's downright misleading -- and sucks in the uninformed -- to describe such claims as facts before the novel itself begins.  Brown shamelessly presents fiction as fact in the service of his plot -- and that's what makes The Da Vinci Code so pernicious.<br/><br/>To say that The Da Vinci Code is overrated is to abuse the term.  Its outstanding virtue is that it lures readers into bookstores; in the process they may stumble across other, more worthwhile, reads.  Its lesser merit is that its very size (weighing in at nearly 500 pages) makes it easy to throw it away.
 I just finished reading the Da Vinci Code and was so pleased with the experience, I am starting Angels and Demons.  (By the way, I was surprised to learn Angels and Demons takes place a year before the Da Vinci Code and has the same main character.)<br/>What is enjoyable about the book is how Dan Brown exposes us to theories and research about religion that are not mainstream.  The story is well constructed with a wonderful balance of fact and fiction.  It will take you into a facinating world of symbolism and art...and may even challenge your point of view.<br/>For example, in the story, an interesting perspective on the painting "The Last Supper" is introduced that makes you think about it in a whole new way...Trust me, if you haven't heard about this twist already, when you read this part of the book you will put it down imediately to look at the painting online.  Then you will do a double take and ask yourself "How did I ever miss that?"  The book is filled with moments like this.<br/>What adds to the enjoyment of this book is the puzzles Dan Brown created online.  All you need is the book and some time.  Then, go to Dan Brown's web site where you actually find a scavanger hunt of knowledge that has you look at the cover of his book in new ways.<br/>If you like mind puzzles and codes, you will love his website ( ...]) and how he hid messages on the very cover of his book.<br/>This is a fun read.  Open your mind, relax and take the book in for what it is...A fun mystery filled with puzzles, interesting opinions and enjoyable characters.<br/>I highly reccomend this book!
 I just finished reading this book. It was the most entertaining mystery/thriller that I read in a few years. It has all the "required" ingridients of the genre: murder, fast paced action, unexpected plot twists, a little bit of romance, and some philosophical and historical discussions (to make it more than just mindless entertainment).<br/>The idea behind the plot is hardly new. One story with a similar plot that comes to mind is "Foucault's Pendulum" by Umberto Eco. However, Dan Brown manages to weave a very exciting story around this plot.<br/>This book is by no means perfect. In some places the story relies on foresight by the main characters that is hard to believe. In some places the characters manage to have lengthy discussions in what is supposed to be just 15 minutes. However, these holes were not enough to make me stop "believing" in the story.<br/>Earlier reviewers make many complaints about the religion in the book. I think the book is fair and respectful towards Christianity. Those who complain that the characters offer their own interpretation of the New Testament should remember that so do all the priests and ministers in the world. This book is not a book on history or religion (fortunately :). Those who think they know the one and only true interpretation of the Bible should have some humility.<br/>I enjoyed the book. I hope there is going to be a movie based on it. Since the story is set in Paris and London it would make for a very "pretty" movie.
 Paul Michael brings this book to life by his mastery of accents and voices.  I will not review the actual book; that has been done enough already.  What I will comment on is Paul Michael's "reading" of this book.  With the advent of the Kindle's "read aloud" feature, some audiobook narrators are afraid that they will soon be out of work.  Paul Michael has no need for worry.<br/><br/>Paul Michael narrates the story by shifting into each character based on their accent - and there are plenty here: American, British, French, even Scottish.  His method mirrors that of American movie actors - to represent a Frenchman, he acts the dialogue in English with a French accent.  When I first started listening to him, this effect was a bit off-putting, but before long, I found it to be very natural.  Deep into the story, I even forgot he was "reading" the story because of his mastery of the various accents, which helped immensely in keeping the many characters straight.<br/><br/>If you enjoy Dan Brown's work, and you enjoy listening to audiobooks, you will be very happy with this edition.  In fact, I see that Paul Michael has been chosen again to narrate Dan Brown's newest book as well.
 I'm an avid reader who has never been a fan of best selling novels. Just because a novel is loved by the masses does not mean that it will be a story I will like, so for the longest time, I ignored this one. It wasn't until I saw the ABC special on Mary Magdelene that featured interviews with Dan Brown and information on the book that it grabbed my interest. I bought the book the next day and read it within a few days, not wanting to put it down and not wanting the story to be over.  I found his fast paced writing style perfect for this type of thriller.  It kept me in suspense for just long enough and then shocked me with each new revelation.  I loved his use of art and architecture that exists in our real world and the way he incorporated it into his story with the symbology to make the story so believable. It all fit together like a perfect puzzle.  I have no idea if the secrets the characters in the book find are real or if it even matters if it's true.  It's a fictional piece of literature that captured my imagination and left me amazed, wondering about all the things in the world that we may never know the truth about.  It was the type of book that I kept thinking about even days and weeks and months after I finished reading it.  It made me want to look into and research the different topics brought up throughout the book, including not only the different theories on what the Holy Grail truly is, but also all the different art, architecture, and symbolgy found in the book.  It's a book I would highly recommend but I can also see how many people would be offended by the book.  It presents theories that totally contradict what so many of the world's people were taught to believe.  Nonetheless, I think it is a great book and one of my all time favorite reads ever.
 The Da Vinci Code is a clever piece of clockwork, but with a little more thought and ingenuity it could have been even more clever. The riddles are the best part of it, but the characters take far too long to figure them out. And sometimes the answers are of the "D'oh!" kind that would make any reader with average intelligence slap his or her forehead and moan, "I should have guessed!" It's rather like working a Washington Post crossword puzzle, where the clues are hidden by ambiguity and misdirection rather than true obscurity.<br/>About midway through the novel, I started to see at least some of the plot twists coming several pages away. (I spotted one twist very early on, and then had to wait until almost the end of the book to have it confirmed.)<br/>"Historical accuracy" in a pop thriller isn't really to be expected, but there was a lot of, at best, sloppy and careless thinking in the supposed historical background. For just one example: the most fanatical and murderous obsession with "witches" and the most determined attacks on the feminine principle in religion came from the Protestant lands, including England - the Inquisition had very little to do with that. (Brown should have read Robert Graves and Joseph Campbell as well as his sensationalist pro-Templar sources.)<br/>There is also a further level of enigma that could have been laid on the mystery. Casual reading suggests that the dying man failed to name his killer because he did not know who was responsible. Yet a further reading of the clues he left suggests that he DID point an accusing finger...but we are never told how he could have figured it out, because by then the story was being rushed to its conclusion and details were being brushed aside.
 This book blew me away! Once I got past the first couple chapters I could not put it down. It reads very much like a movie... Dan Brown's writing style makes it easy to picture the characters and their actions on your mind's "theater screen."<br/>I highly recommend having a pen and paper handy while you read because you will have a hard time deciding whether to jump on the Net and research the historical facts Mr. Brown has woven into his story, or continue with the book and let the answer unfold through the characters. The facts are amazing and interesting all by themselves and bear further research either way.<br/>There are very few "good stopping places," so make sure you have plenty of time to read once you start. It's one of those books where you get to the end of a chapter and say "I'll just read one more chapter" and suddenly it's 4am. If you like solving puzzles, secret societies, adventure and/or religious history this book is for you. It's easy to picture yourself as either of the lead characters because they're just regular people doing their jobs until one day a murder throws them together to uncover one of the greatest mysteries of all time - the Holy Grail.<br/>In the book they say the Grail finds you... if this book has found you, honor the call. Even though this is a fiction novel, I hope it opens many eyes and sets many people on their own quest for the truth.
 The first point that I would like to point out is this, it took me so long to actually buy and read this book because of all the average reviews this book received and all I have to say is this.... IT'S A FICTION NOVEL PEOPLE!! C'MON!!! I am so happy that I decided to just take a chance and get the book and decide whether I would like it or not. Second point, Dan Brown is a good author, not a great author, but good. That is because his actual writing skills are average, but his imagination and historical research is very interesting. Based on that, you have to go into this book knowing that you bought it as a fiction novel, because you really don't want to assume that the historical information he writes is based on fact, even though you might actually think it is because of the descriptions and context he does so well in the book. Other then that, I am so glad I read this book, because it will go down as one of my favorites. Dan Brown has a talent of grabbing your attention with conspiracy type genre, and turns it into a face paced think twice story!! Do not listen to the reviews to make your decision to read this book, I would read it and then decide whether you like it or not, because it is a best selling book that you should judge on. To touch on what I was writing before about his writing as average is this, they way he describes the environment the characters are in is very to splurgy to the point that I couldn't quite get a good visual in my mind of it. But it might be because most of the time the escapades are taking place in France. Read the book you won't regret it!!!!
 The premise of this book is that the "Holy Grail" contains all kinds of information which would invalidate the male-centric teachings of the Catholic church and that the Church wants this information badly to maintain their "control" and historical destiny.<br/>The trouble with this premise is that the Catholic church's teachings have already been invalidated for centuries; Coperenicus and Galileo at least started this trend 5-600 years ago.  As for the role of the feminine, women's role in society is as good as it has been in thousands of years, and is arguably increasing.  The power and influence of the Catholic church is (barring conspiracy theories) only a fraction of what it was.<br/>So tell me why the church or anyone else is willing to kill people to "expose" the church's teachings, limit the church's powers and increase the importance of women in our society?<br/>Unfortunately for the reader, in addition to having a premise that doesn't make logical sense, it's also written in airport-book-kiosk B-grade prose; a tolerable time-killer if the premise is even halfway logical.  It would have been a more interesting book if it had been set in the 1870s instead of the current era, as the premise as it relates to the historical political and theological situation would have been much more believable.
 I'm not sure what's got everyone so riled up about this book: perhaps it's the multitude of conspiracy theories that come together to make this story work? Maybe it's the potentially offensive character who kills in the name of the Catholic Church? I think it's a combination of the two.<br/>The book is based in truth - Brown did his research on the subjects of art, cryptography, and secret societies. But from there, he takes off in an imaginative and exciting direction, weaving a first-class story about art, history, murder, conspiracy theories, and secret societies. His protagonist, a symbologist named Robert Langdon, is trying to find out why a great art historian and curator at the Louvre has been murdered, and why he has been thrown together with the man's granddaughter by chance. Or has it been planned all along?<br/>Computer scientists, historians, and anyone with an open mind (remember, this is fiction, despite the strong factual base the story is built upon) will enjoy the twists, turns, puzzles, and intelligence involved in The DaVinci Code. It's a fast read, the characters are interesting, and the plot is absolutely stunning in its originality. Some earlier reviews mentioned awkward prose throughout the book, but it seems to me that that's just how certain characters speak. Internal thoughts and the author's vivid descriptions flow more gracefully than the sometimes stilted speech of some characters, but it wasn't a major issue. I certainly wasn't stumbling over it as I read.<br/>The pace of this book speeds up more and more until you get to the end and just can't put it down. This was the first e-book I bought for my pocketPC, and I'm glad I got it. I was reading it at every possible moment: in the car, on the bus, while cooking dinner. Though the beginning is very low-key, giving background on characters, history, and facts, you get sucked in quickly, and by the end, you find yourself staying up until the wee hours of the morning trying to read as much as you can. The online web quest that accompanies the book is highly recommended, too. Visit Dan Brown's web site to check it out - I'm glad this author has thought of his readers to such an extent that he's willing to create something like that for us to have fun with.
 That such a poorly written piece of rubbish has sold so many copies and spawned such a craze regarding the origins of Christianity bodes ill for Western society.  The whole "holy blood, holy grail" nonsense has been shown repeatedly to be an incorrect reading of historical material; the "Priory of Sion" is a known fraud; the alleged "mystery" of the Templars is so much stuff and nonsense. I'm only surprised that the Nostradamus nonsense wasn't included for good measure; maybe they ran out of pulp.<br/><br/>But people would rather read a badly written potboiler filled with horrific verbiage, terrible imagery, a badly presented version of both the English aristocratic system and organizations such as Opus Dei, and one-dimensional characters.  How sad.  And worse, they now flock to the scenes described in the book in great numbers, apparenly under the delusion that events described therein, or at least the circumstances behind them, were real.<br/><br/>Another reviewer said the book was written for "Americans with the attention span of a gnat and the depth of cultural knowledge of a sea cucumber."  I couldn't have phrased it better.<br/><br/>It's too bad that negative numbers aren't allowed for Amazon reviews.  I give it one because zero isn't permitted.
 This barnburner of a page-turner is irresistible and fun if you remember that it is fiction, spiced with a few grains of truth and conjecture.  I also suspect that Brown wrote it with tongue firmly in cheek.  The protagonist Professor of Symbology (what the heck is that?) lectures to his students in a classroom situation that will have religion and art history students rolling in the aisles. He refers to Leonardo as "Da Vinci"--something no art professor ever does, and Brown undoubtedly knows it because his wife is an art historian.  On the serious side, Brown effectively uses his storytelling talents to expose readers to ambiguities in "truths" that many Christians take for granted--any why not?  It's good to make people think.<br/>If you don't think it will spoil your enjoyment of the book, read Chicago Art Institue curator Bruce Boucher's article about the Da Vinci Code in the New York Times ("Does the Da Vinci Code Crack Leonardo?", 8/3/2003) or the review in the National Catholic Reporter (10/3/2003) written by Father Andrew Greeley a not-too-shabby writer of page-turners himself, who states that the bizarre and powerful secret society Opus Dei "would have a hard time conspiring themselves out of a wet paper bag."<br/>A cheesy, fun book that will make a long airplane flight go down like a plate of French brie, crackers, and fresh figs.
 If you're looking for a book that satisfies your love for thriller, while still gaining valuable real life knowledge, then The Da Vinci Code, by Dan Brown, is for you. Symbologist, Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu, a cryptologist, are joined to work together to solve the mystery of her dead grandfather, Jacques Saunière's murderer and the ongoing secrets he held. The two are cast upon finding the Holy Grail within their journey and unraveling the puzzles Jacques left. They are faced upon two famous groups, the Priory of Sion- a secret society including members like Sir Isaac Newton and Leonardo Da Vinci, and the Opus Dei. This book is not only a mysterious thriller, but it also includes an abundance of historical background. Without reading this book, I most likely would not have been exposed to several facts such as, the original symbols of man and women; the male symbol obtained from a shield and spear, and the female representing a mirror reflecting beauty. Also, I would have never thought about the assumptions behind Mona Lisa's smirk, and if she is just the female version of Leonardo Da Vinci. Dan Brown uses third person point of view to give the novel more suspense and action. Instead of using first person, he uses this view in order to keep the reader predicting what will happen next. He ends just about every chapter with a cliff-hanger, leaving the audience wanting to read more. "Life is filled with secrets. You can't learn them all at once" (Brown). This is a perfect quote that aligns with the novel because the storyline includes revealing secrets and mysteries slowly, and not all at once. If it were to give away too much information all at once, the book would not be as intriguing. In my opinion, I thought that the author used too many history references, and not enough thriller and action. However, I did enjoy learning about the history and trying to solve the mystery and codes myself. On that note, I recommend this book to ages that are at the adult reading level, and for an audience that enjoys opening their mind while still feeling the rush of their heart beat from the thrill.
 I would have enjoyed "DaVinci" a lot more if the basic premise had a leg to stand on.  It was disappointing, especially since I really liked "Angels and Demons".<br/>Brown's protagonist, Robert Langdon, takes it as historic fact that Constantine the Great invented Christianity as we know it.  According to Langdon and his friend, Sir Leigh Teabing, Constantine decreed that Christianity would become the official religion of the Roman Empire at the Council of Nicea, and he decided which of the gospels would become canon and which were to be destroyed.  The marriage of Jesus to Mary Magdalene, and the existence of their child, was to be suppressed--by force, if necessary.<br/>However, as any thirty-second search on the web will tell you, Constantine only *legalized* Christianity.  It was *Theodosius* who made Christianity the official religion of the empire about 65 years later.  In between them came Constantine's nephew, Julian the Apostate, who tried to dismantle Christianity during his brief reign.  Julian was convinced that it was his destiny to restore paganism to primacy.  Would he not have used Jesus' marriage to Mary Magdalene as part of his campaign to discredit the "myth" of the chaste, holy Jesus?<br/>In addition, the bishops of Rome did not exert primacy over western Christendom until more than one hundred years after Constantine's death.  The Eastern patriarchs *never* accepted the authority of the bishops in Rome.  A monolithic Roman church, able to squash all dissent, simply didn't exist until maybe the time of Charlemagne, around A.D. 800.<br/>In short, there were too many people, too many places, and too many years that the "secret" of Jesus' marriage to Mary Magdalene could have been preserved and spread for Brown's theory to work.  Suspension of disbelief requires throwing out basic facts of Western history that any intelligent person should have learned in high school.<br/>I realize that Brown didn't set out to write a history, but the book would have been more enjoyable if Brown had done some basic research.  Even if he'd just made Theodosius the originator of the conspiracy, instead of Constantine, the plot would have been more plausible!<br/>Finally, Brown's attacks on Christianity in general, and the Roman Catholic church in particular, go beyond what's required to advance the plot.  The book comes off as a thinly-veiled device to present pagan goddess worship as more spiritually pure and historically accurate than what's been preserved in the Bible and other first century sources.<br/>But maybe that's why it's selling so well.
 A couple of years ago, a friend recommended Dan Brown's 'Angels &amp; Demons' to me, which I read and thoroughly enjoyed.  Because of that, 'Da Vinci Code' was a must read for me.<br/>The story really gets started in the Louvre, with the mysterious and gruesome death of a curator, along with a secret post mortem message delivered via Mona Lisa. From here the adventure begins, and the reader is whisked on a whirlwind tour of Europe in an exciting quest to solve a mystery that has haunted generations.<br/>I enjoyed the first half of the book tremendously.  The plot moves quickly, keeping the reader engaged, and the characters are fairly well developed.  The story line was, at times, a little over the top.  But, hey, this is fiction, so why not?<br/>In the second half of the book, Dan Brown seemed to lose the momentum he had built up.  I didn't lose interest completely, but had definite moments of ennui.  He wrapped up the story just in the nick of time.  Overall, I really enjoyed the story, and definitely had developed a very strong interest in the history  and myster of Mary Magdalene.<br/>On a fun little side note, some time after finishing the book, I found this website ( ...]) which provided a great afternoon's entertainment of mystery solving.
 Having finally read "The Da Vinci Code," I can only express surprise at the anger, outrage, and scandal that seemed to result from its release and early popularity.  Sure, there was some harsh criticism of Catholicism in it, mostly from the past, and sometimes based on dubious historical fact (5 million women burned for witchcraft?  Please!)...but in the end, it actually seemed to pull most of its punches and let the Church off lightly.<br/><br/>There's no doubt that as a page turning work of suspense, as a 'chase thriller,' it was fun.  Since most of it takes place over a single evening, night, and morning, the action is even further condensed and frenetic.  And the big plot-turn at the end, while suspected, was still startling enough to rivet the reader and demand an explanation.<br/><br/>Yes, at times the book was a little far-fetched, never more so than at the beginning where a fatally-wounded character manages amazing gyrations in the process of leaving elaborate clues.  And for a book propping up its fiction with historical facts, the latter were sometimes questionable if not simply wrong.<br/><br/>But these are quibbles with a work of entertainment and fiction.  Just read it, have fun, and if you have questions, go look up the facts somewhere more reliable and get the real story.  The single most amazing fact about the book is that anyone thought of it as a "threat" in the first place.
 Dan Brown's novel needs no introduction, merely because it is so well known.  So I am going to skip plot introduction and go straight to my opinion, which is basically that this book is fascinating.<br/><br/>At first I dismissed the story as simple, and did not realize how hooked I got, until I read in only two days.  Yeah.... But now, I recognize my judgment was rushed, and that there were positives and negatives, and that too label 'simple' is too pass judgment, too simply.<br/><br/>What I particularly liked was the focus on history (fact or fiction) and how since the book has come out, more average people have been taking time out of their life to do a little learning about art, the catholic church, and perhaps more generally just books.  At the same time, the story is really quite a common-type thriller, and if it weren't for the hypothetical truths that all seem to be debating over, few people would have read the book.<br/><br/>I'd also like to mention though, that compared to his first book, `Angels &amp; Demons', I prefer `The Da Vinci Code' because, well frankly it is notably less gruesome.  So on the whole, I recommend that you read this book (especially before the movie), but this probably won't be your most favorite book.
 I had my doubts about this book, but I enjoyed it.  I'm grateful that I got it from the library rather than paying a ridiculous hardcover price for it.  It's entertaining, but certainly not worth the money.<br/>"The DaVinci Code" is a quick read.  The writing is not at all challenging, which makes it a good bedside book.  The characters each have their interesting qualities, although none is fully developed.<br/>My two biggest disappointments with this book were the tricks used to throw the reader off from guessing who the bad guy is,  (apparently this is common in mysteries -- I don't generally read them so I was peeved,)  and the failure of some of the more historically interesting passages to deliver in any way that transcends the book.  Each piece of information works within the story, though, which I suppose is all any reader ought to expect.<br/>It's an entertaining book, but I really can't comprehend the excitement around it.  It's got average writing and average storytelling.  The subject -- the possibility of a secret society protecting actual descendants of Jesus Christ -- is stimulating, but ultimately not very well explored.<br/>For those of you still on the fence, get it from the library or wait for the mass-market paperback edition.
 Kudos to Dan Brown for writing a gripping novel that pushed a lot of my buttons (in a positive way).<br/>This book has great pacing, with a twist or important occurrence happening about every three or four pages.  Amazingly, the author has written a plausible plot that hurtles through four hundred plus pages covering a period of less than twenty-four hours.<br/>For history buffs, this book captures the imagination.  Great figures like Leonardo Da Vinci and Sir Isaac Newton figure prominently in the plot.  The Vatican, Opus Dei, the Knights Templar and a secret society that may still exist called the Priory of Sion are part of the story.<br/>For those who like mysteries and codes, the book abounds with them.  The author gives the reader enough background information and clues that it is possible to appreciate and even figure out some of the codes that drive the story forward from solution to solution and the ultimate prize.<br/>And a clever story it is.  Without revealing the central mystery, this book revolves around two forces continuing an almost two millennium battle over information that could rock the very foundations of the Catholic Church and Christianity.  A murder in the Louvre of one of the principals in this battle brings Dr. Robert Langdon, -- Harvard Symbologist who specializes in church symbols, mysteries and codes -- together with the beautiful Sophie Neveau -- French police code breaker with a few mysteries of her own.  The eighteen or so hours after the murder involve the two central figures, flight and manhunts across the France and England, double crosses and mysterious personages, quick lessons in church history, the art of Leonardo Da Vinci, the Knights Templar and the very early Christian Church (as early as it gets) and code breaking from verse, art and symbols.<br/>Brown gives the reader a heck of a ride.  This book works as a thriller, intellectual exercise, and historic fiction.<br/>I have to say historic fiction because Brown has taken some license with history to create the situation needed to foster his story.  My only criticism of the book is the author's forward note in which he claims truth regarding the organizations and events portrayed in the book.  It is true that the Knights Templar, the Priory of Sion, the Dead Sea Scrolls and symbolism in Da Vinci's art exist.  However, the author does use these truths in a subjective way to support his thriller.<br/>He makes claims for the Council of Nicea and the Dead Sea Scrolls that are not accurate, or are tenuous at best.  His statement that most Christians at the time of the Council believed Christ was a fully human, non-divine being is contradicted by everything I've read of Church history (without going into it here, see  ...] which states that those holding the non-divine position were a very distinct minority of contemporary Christians).  Also, the Dead Sea and other recent scrolls do not give the statements ascribed to them by the author, except for one which contains an ancient Greek word that can be translated in various ways -- and upon one translation not generally accepted he bases his assertions).<br/>The above are important because the general statement of truth the author makes would lead some to believe he meant existence of the historic characters, groups and happenings as well as the conclusions he takes from them.<br/>That digression aside, this is one of the best novels I've read -- great pacing, fascinating history, terrific conspiracy and interesting symbology and code breaking.  Truly a book you'll stay up late to read.
 Everything you every knew is wrong...or so says Dan Brown.  This novel received such incredible hype that I was almost certain to be let down. You can approach such a book in two ways: Forget reality and have a fun read or try to appreciate the research and idea even if the storyline strays from time to time.<br/>The opening was absolutely one of the best I have come read. For a time you are thinking the "Thomas Crown Affair" in terms of sophisticated presentation. It soon devolves, though, into a Robert Ludlum conspiracy with mad priests, a prototype French detective, unassuming hero, brave heroine, evil religious institutions, ancient mysteries, etc.  You've seen it all before.<br/>Brown devotes much energy in regurgitating the whole Jesus- Mary "affair"  what a double entendre] and the improbable notion that their lineage still exists in none other than (gasp!!) the  damsel who rescued our unassuming hero. Of course, she had no idea. We learn that "real" religion was once about the "goddess" but then those crafty males discredited her personhood and gained control of religious institutions.  Male-domination owes far more to physical prowess than nefarious schemes to diss Isis/Athena/Eve or in this case, Mary Magdalene.<br/>A recurring problem is the attempt to integrate the action with discussions of pseudo-historical import. What you get is a mad race then a pause for a casual conversation on behind-the-scenes machinations at the Council of Nicene or being held at gunpoint while discussing cryptography in ancient Rome or reviewing the the apparent not-so-secret lives of such luminaries as Da Vinci, Newton, and modern day French presidents.<br/>The ending was as bizarre and awful as the beginning was grand.  This is a book I wanted to like.  It had intellectual and artistic appeal, semi-original material and an unlikely hero.  This could have been a shocking, moving book but of course, in the end, nothing is really changed. For a good religious mystery get "Gospel"
 This is a great work of fiction.  A fun book to read, and very well written.  Dan Brown keeps you in suspense for the first three-quarters of the book with fast pacing, quick editing, and an engrossing tale!  The book is truly hard to put down as the clues are revealed slowly - always just out of reach.  I resisted the temptation to read ahead often.  Sadly, I was disappointed that the ending wasn't better, but perhaps that's because the agenda of the author became increasingly clear as the book progressed.<br/>At last we have a good book about the tired old premise of the Knights Templar and Mary Magdalene, and the secret society. However, just when he was really moving with the story I about fell out of my chair laughing when all of a sudden some of the truly comical books on this premise are woven into the story as if they mean something. On page 253 he mentions one book prominently: The Templar Revelation.  This is a truly hilarious book, and unlike �The Da Vinci Code�, it fails to actually admit it is fiction and tries to pass itself off as scholarly research and therefore fails miserably.  See my review of the book here on Amazon.com. On page 267 he weaves in another work of fiction called: The Greatest Story Ever Sold.  But again, unlike Mr. Brown, the other works are not nearly as well written, and are simply bad �docu-drama�s�.  His not so subtle theological agenda is woven into what is otherwise a great fictional mystery.  He quotes some of the Gnostic Gospels that have been clearly depicted as frauds by most Biblical scholars of any merit.<br/>Unfortunately, Mr. Brown gradually lets go of the fictional story he starts with and it seems he actually believes what he is writing.  The first clue that this is truly a work of fiction is before the prologue where he tries to make his fiction look like fact.  On the top of page 234 he gives the sad worldview of the Jesus Seminar.  Also, as mentioned, he tries to incorporate other works to make it look like his premise is founded on something more than "X-File" level conspiracy nonsense.  This is unfortunate because he is obviously a talented writer, and has written the best book on the subject yet - a mystery, a fictional tale, and a fun conspiracy story.<br/>A fun book to read - so four stars!  Well written, and despite the theological nonsense he tries to weave in as fact, it is a good work of fiction.  Well done!
 Having just finished The Da Vinci Code, I'm left with many questions.  The least of which are related to the quote "religious mysteries" shared in this book.  I'm in a quandary as to whether this is a superb novel or a mediocre one.  Quite an unusual sensation.<br/>  Fact vs. Fiction---If one is observant, Brown clearly states the facts before the story begins and we do lose sight of that early on.  The novel becomes engrossing--beginning at paragraph one!  This author giftedly weaves snippets of fact and an abundance of fiction, so intricately, so subtly, that the reader cannot separate the two...that is, for the majority of the book. The truth is:  Brown does make us wonder but those meanderings are based more on the fictional content as opposed to the facts.<br/>  Good &amp; Bad---Brown is extraordinary--intelligent, diverse, original, gifted.  So good is he that this book does read like a non-fiction thriller..for the most part.  I honestly started to question...is it possible, is this true??  That ability is, in part, the 'good' of Brown's talent for certainly it was his intention--or one of them.  His use of classic artists &amp; their masterpieces and a myriad of historical figures is remarkable &amp; unparalleled.  This is Brown's gift to you &amp; is, indeed, very much appreciated by this reviewer.  But woe, there is a downside.  Brown holds the reader spellbound...until 3/4 of the way through...when suddenly, it's like a ghost writer of opposite manner appears, takes over Brown's pen &amp; rushes to complete the novel.  Lost is the power, lost is the intensity.  The remainder of the novel is more soap opera or 'thumbing my nose at you all!'  A genuine let-down conclusion from a truly gifted man who could've offered much better.<br/>  Pros &amp; Con---Pros: 1. It's a best seller &amp; obviously, few are ignoring this novel so it is a must read.<br/>  2.  Well worth the purchase price 75% of the time.<br/>  3.  Brown's ability to make us second guess our faith, even if momentarily.<br/>  4.  Brown's creativity abounding.<br/>  5.  Factual information is, at times, completely shocking &amp; always educational.<br/>  6.  This book is truly unique!<br/>  Cons:  1 &amp; 2 &amp; 3 &amp; 4.  There is no character development to speak of.  Almost none whatsoever.  Are the lead characters drawn to each other for more than the solving of an overplayed, overproduced mystery??  Who cares?  We never really got to know them.  Do the villains pay their dues?  Not a care about that either because everything hinges on WHAT &amp; WHERE IS THE HOLY GRAIL??  Lack of character development is akin to poor actors in a great film. (which is virtually an impossible feat)  Thus, terming this novel "great" is, unfortunately, impossible too.<br/>  5.  The ending is all too weak, somewhat disjointed &amp; lacks the feigned reality that the novel held initially.  After a startling beginning to midpoint, Brown lets us Down!<br/>  6.  Brown seems to hold some type of grudge against the Catholic Church.  The overriding theme of the novel is basically to promote a mental revolution against Christ &amp; Catholicism.  Rather sad because we're not certain exactly what Brown IS promoting.
 Forget about the hype, will the suspension of your disbelief and enjoy this terrific page turner. Without spoiling the plot or the surprises it's about a Symbiologist (Robert Langdon) who is in France to meet the Curator of The Louvre Art Museum. But the meeting never takes place and there follows in the next few hundred pages an incredible eye-opening journey of discovery. He and a Cryptologist (Sophie Neveau) are on a chase to solve a puzzle left for them by The Curator. They don't know who the good guys/bad guys are, they don't know what's at the end of the puzzle and there are twists and turns all the way through. It reminds me of The Thirty-Nine Steps where you have an ordinary guy (okay, not ordinary but a non-cop/non-crook) just minding his own business and then suddenly caught up in international intrigue and murder and having to stay ahead of both the good guys and bad guys because he doesn't know who's on his side. The beginning, ending, and the ride in between are fantastic. The controversial aspects of the book concern Paganism and Catholicism and I'm sure there are many facts but also fallacies- this is fiction, but terrific fiction. It's nearly six hundred pages long and I read it in a weekend.
 The Da Vinci Code offers murder, intrigue, ancient conspiracies, and enough historical name-dropping to include most of the prominent figures of the past two millennia.<br/>Harvard-trained symbologist Robert Langdon returns in Dan Brown's latest book, partnered with the beautiful French police cryptologist Sophie Neveu to solve an unlikely murder in the halls of the Louvre.  The clues surrounding the crime lead to the secret of the Holy Grail, but this only touches the surface of a much deeper conspiracy involving the mysterious and ancient organizations Priory of Sion and Opus Dei, whose members read like a roll call of the most important figures of the Christian era.  Both clandestine societies, as powerful as they are old, will go to any lengths to keep the secrets of the Holy Grail hidden, including the murder of Sophie's father, whose involvement with the mysteries of the Grail cost him his life.<br/>Brown weaves religious mysticism, art criticism, and historical esoterica into a modern, fast-paced thriller with ease, sending the two sleuths not only geographically across France and England, but also across the centuries, from the Middle Ages to modern times.  The clues point not only forward, but backward as well, illuminating the path toward the truth in such a way that the shadows of history become highlighted.  While some may nit-pick over historical accuracy, Dan Brown presents enough true historical facts and figures to engage the casual reader in a realistic world with a history that could very well be our own.<br/>This book has been richly praised for its intelligence, suspense, detail, and accomplishment.  Such is the skill with which Dan Brown tells his tale that the many plot twists seem not the least bit contrived, but rather pre-ordained and natural, as if the events were unfolding as you read them.  The book satisfies on many levels, but the cumulative effect of the many hints and clues with the momentum of the ever-deepening plot and the menace of dark, ancient secrets lead to a breathless and stunning conclusion.
 Okay, this was the first Dan Brown book I've read and it was nothing short of EXCELLENT. The writing is fresh and doesn't waste time wwith lagging descriptions; the observations made of interesting and give you a good scope of the characters and settings.<br/>Robert Langdon, a symbology professor at Harvard, finds himself mixed-up in the case of the murder of the famous currator of the Louvre. Accompanied by the victim's clever granddaughter, Sophie Nevue, the two make their escape from Paris, on a mysterious scavenger hunt linked to the Priory of Sion, an ancient organization that protects the Holy Grail from the Vatican Church. Sophie, who had not spoken to her grandfather in a decade because of a Sion rite that she had witnessed, starts to realize the truth about her family.<br/>Her grandfather's murderer, an agent of the Opus Dei, a strictly conservative Catholic organization, continues to chase them through Europe, alongside Parisian police.<br/>A spicy work; Dan Brown shows enormous prowess at his trade. I loved all the history interwined with the plot and the fascinating conspiracy of Christ's questionable divinity. This the laugh, sit-on-the-edge of your chair, and make-you-think type of book. Top notch adventure and a twist of romance. Perfect.<br/>-Liaden
 For anyone who has that secret fascination (and who doesn't) with the Illuminati, Templars, Masons, et al this book is a must.  It will cater to your secret passion in a buffet format and keep you wanting more.<br/>I must also say that I loved the character of Sophie Neveau.  It is so hard to find a well-written feminist character.  The traditional view is that they are always second fiddle to the square-jawed male.<br/>Not here!  Sophie is intelligent, sexy, strong and brave -- even in parts where our male here is nervous, stymied, embattled.<br/>It's wonderful that in a book that focuses on the sacred feminine their relationship reall shows a (every?) man's battle with femininity and the strange instinct to love/hate, fear/need, virgin/whore it.<br/>And all that without being preachy - hey our guy can't drive an standard, but she can, and he willingly lets her!  It's the way most writers misportray any minority - they have to make a big deal about it.  Brown makes Sophie a HUGE deal by not making a deal about it!<br/>After I wrote that I had to up it from 4 stars to 5, it takes some craft to pull off the above.<br/>The other great thing was the RESEARCH.  Brown put a lot of work into this and it shows.  For anyone who writes and speaks with hidden meaning (or veiled allusion to the genetic roots of words) and amuses themselves (and occasionally others) to death with their parenthetical semieosis-laden way of thinking, this book is an absolute joy.  These people, of which i consider myself one, will love Brown's 3rd person omniscient university professor interlocutor style.<br/>The plot seems fairly linear, like a 'follow this string to the goal at the end' chase through a big house,  you always know that you're working to find the next scavenger hunt clue.  I found this to be (sorry) a bit monotonous of a trick.<br/>Although 3/4ths through the book brown played an absolute coup d'eteat -- as i thought I'd solved one riddle just a few paragraps later he said 'No that's not it.'  I had to laugh out loud that he had played me for a dupe!  I loved it, I knew he knew how he was pulling us along.<br/>This book was a quick read, but not fluffy.  i enjoyed it very much and am going to read some of his other works.<br/>Keep up the work Mr. Brown!  Us  stacks-rats love seeing our kind light up the mental silver screen.
 Dan Brown's book includes a good deal of information about a world that has been hidden in plain sight for a very long time. To a greater or lesser extent depending on the denomination, Christian religious practices include many pagan rites and rituals. The most obvious center on pagan holidays such as Samhain (Halloween = hallowed eve of All Saints Day) or the example in Brown's book that involves the rites of spring.  Those with art history and/or comparative religion backgrounds will be familiar with most of the `occult' information Brown shares (if you can find it in books I guess it isn't too well hidden).<br/>However, it is important to keep in mind that Brown's tale is a work of fiction, and as such, the comments and thoughts of the protagonist (Robert) and other characters may or may not be accurate.  For example, the purported millions of people burned at the stake for "witchcraft" is exaggerated as are the assertions that they were all women and the Roman Catholic church was responsible for all the deaths. Research conducted in the 1990s shows: 1) The numbers of "witches" burned at the stake was much lower than previously thought; 2) Many of those executed for "witchcraft" met their fate in Germany, Denmark, and Scotland (nominally Protestant countries at the time of the witch burnings); and most of those executed were not killed by church or secular authorities, but by apparently hysterical illiterate villagers who were both Catholic and Protestant (i.e. Salem in the New World). Perhaps as a result, Italy-a nominally Catholic country-is purported to be the home of the "evil eye" and many modern witches. (Raven Grimassi, a hereditary Italian witch, has written extensively on this topic).<br/>Fiction versus non-fiction aside, my one irritation with Brown's storytelling is that he pulls his punches in the denouement-probably because the editors wanted to increase book sales.  I can't say more without giving away the plot-but this book is not THE NAME OF THE ROSE.<br/>While I admit to reading the book non-stop, I wasn't "scared" after the first few pages. I read on because I found Brown's  weaving of occult information, art history, pagan lore, technology, Templars, Masons, and Paris fascinating. I have a personal interest in the machinations of Rome and the Knights Templar. My grandfather was a very high ranking Mason (as have been most of the male members of my mother's family) and my grandmother was a member of the Eastern Star (as have been most of the female members of my mother's family).  On the other hand, I was raised Roman Catholic because my father was RC (and a Knight of Columbus). To say I absorbed a good deal of conflicting information during my growing up years is an understatement. I could really identify with Sophia.
 I had a blast reading this book ~~ it was fun, fast-moving and chock full of interesting information about a conspiracy and theories about Christ and his followers ~~ that I couldn't stop turning the pages. Dan Brown knows how to write to captivate an audience ~~ and I have to say that you shouldn't walk to the nearest bookstore ~~ you should run and buy this copy! Don't wait for the paperback to come out ~~ this is such a fun book that it's worth every penny in buying this book!<br/>Robert Langdon, a professor from Harvard, gets a middle-of-the-night rousing from the French Police while speaking in Paris. The curator of the world's most reknown museum has been found dead in the museum ~~ and Robert, who was to meet this man, is one of the top suspects in this man's murder. And thus begins this book. With the curator's granddaughter Sophia, Robert begins a run for his life while solving the mystery from the dead man's last message in finding the answer to where the Holy Grail is.<br/>Some parts of this book is predictable ~~ it was for me as I had guessed some of the answers early on ~~ but it's because I love reading books on conspiracies and religious themes ~~ not because he gave away the hints. But the historical studies and theories that are written throughout the book are very fascinating and some of the ideas are new concepts for me. It piques my interest enough to read more on them. With Robert and Sophia on the run for their lives and in solving the last riddle ~~ it does become tense in several places.<br/>I wouldn't hesitate in picking up this book ~~ it's a definite thriller and must-read of the year. It's an intelligent book ~~ meaning that the author explains how they decipher codes and languages from the past ~~ and in such a fun way, you find yourself trying it out. Now I am hooked on Dan Brown's writings ~~ I plan to read more of his books. I have asked my husband this, "How come I have never heard of this guy before?" No fear, I will be reading more of his books!<br/>4-17-03
 The DaVinci Code has a 3.5 star rating overall, and that's probably accurate or somewhat high.  There are a LOT of misinterpretations and flaws in the book, but there is also much to enjoy.<br/>This is a novel, a work of fiction.  However, Brown has done limited homework and portrays this novel as a vehicle for promoting alternate and plausible histories.  This is my biggest fault with the novel - that it pretends to be a peer-reviewed historical thesis.  Brown's personal feelings and biases are rampant throughout the work, which is fine for a fictional novel but has no business in a historical treatise.<br/>And often Brown is simply wrong.  The number Phi, for example, appears to have magical properties until you learn it falls out in natural processes.  The ratio of male to female bees in a hive tends toward Phi due to the way male bees are formed.  The packing of seeds in a flower ratios to Phi because it is by far the most efficient arrangement and is a product of natural selection.  However, Brown offers Phi as proof of Devine Creation, via protagonist Harvard Professor Robert Langdon and a math student during his lecture.  To me this is irresponsible, like saying that the number Pi being buried within Egyptian pyramid architecture is proof of alien involvement.  Sloppy and wrong, and annoying things like this riddle the book.  Claiming the word "alphabet" comes from the first two letters of the Jewish language, "alef" and "beit" while completely ignoring the fact that the first two letters of Greek are "alpha" and "beta".<br/>Brown also goes far overboard concerning symbolism and hidden meanings.  According to Brown, anything anywhere concerning the number 5 is a hidden allusion to the sacred female - the way Venus moves in the sky, the rose, iambic pentameter, my hand, the number of pennies in a nickel - ok, I made up the last two, but some of his inferences are absolutely wrong.  And these are just the instances I caught.  A true historian would probably shudder at the leaps Brown takes via the characters, who are all supposed to be the most learned experts in the field.<br/>And for such smart people there is an appalling lack of logic.  From the first, where Sophie takes Langdon's transmitter and hides it in soap, then throws it onto a moving truck - I think I saw Cindy Brady do something similar in "A Brady Christmas", but this Harvard Professor remarks that she "is a hell of a lot smarter than he is."  What a black mark on Harvard.  And like the Keystone Cops the Parisian policemen all chase the truck, leaving the two fugitives alone in the Louvre to saunter on their merry way, even though this is one of the most sensational murders of modern time.  No logic.<br/>The codes are ridiculously easy.  There was good logic hiding the keystone in the vault, but a modern CNC machine would have easily cut off the top of the Cryptex without destroying the contents.  You could take it to a machine shop for 1000 bucks.  If I had the most important secret of 2000 years in my hands, I would have spent the grand and had the answer in 20 minutes instead of jumping through those ridiculous hoops.  There are far better ways to hide secrets then 14th ca technology, and I would imagine the Grand Leader of the Priory of Sion would know that.<br/>Finally, the literary style itself is sophomoric.  The 1 page chapters are geared for an audience that cannot concentrate on one subject for more than 10 minutes.  There is no character development whatsoever, and the lack of logic and unbelievable circumstances allow for little character empathy.<br/>So after all this, why did I give it 3 stars?  It is, simply, a very readable book.  A good book for late at night when you don't want to think too hard.  Plus, the concepts were fascinating to me (which unlike other reviewers I'd never been exposed to before).  I am not nearly as critical of  his prose as others - I liked his dialogue and methods for advancing his viewpoints.  Again, there is no character development, but the characters themselves are secondary to the central thesis, like watching a Discovery Channel historical recreation rather than an HBO movie.  And while the character's lack of logic and Brown's incorrect assertions were definitely annoying, I found that they didn't really take away from my overall reading enjoyment.  However, I have amended my original rating to 3 stars.  The ending is definitely a product of an anxious publisher, and destroys the book.<br/>So despite the many criticisms, I did enjoyed reading "The Da Vinci Code" and though it only merits 3 stars.
 Controversy? In spades! Dan Brown has created exactly what he, his editors, his publishers, and his agent crafted...controversy. Why? Because controversy sells. And no two subjects are the focus of controversy more than sex and religion. I applaude Mr. Brown for having the guts and keen insight into the simplistic psyche of the literary public. As to his book, THE DA VINCI CODE, I found it fun, fast-paced, and intriguing. But wait! Isn't that what one looks for in fiction?<br/>The continuing controversy and scorn Mr. Brown receives is in my opinion somewhat laughable. Mr. Brown has struck the nerve of many with this book but at what cost? This book can be loosely classified as "historical fiction," but the reader must decide where history stops and fiction starts. This intellectual conundrum is the core creator of the underlying controversy. Mr. Brown will suck you in with a known historical fact while weaving his fictional storyline around those very facts. So, by the time the reader is through a passage or chapter, he/she says, "Hmmmm." To say this isn't ingenious is disingenuous.<br/>To the book...<br/>Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is in Paris attending a conference when he is awakened by a phone call from hotel management and taken to a murder scene. After dusting the sleep from his eyes, he finds the victim is the curator of The Louvre, Jacques Sauniere, a man Langdon was to have met earlier that evening. However, Sauniere never showed and now the mystery of his rude imposition is clear. The Parisian authorities ostensibly ask Langdon to assist them in their investigation due to the mysterious and arcane message left on Sauniere's body. Unbeknownst to Langdon however, the French Police consider him the prime murder suspect due to an undisclosed line in the archaic message.<br/>Enter Sophie Neveu, an attractive, brainy cryptologist working for the French Police, and, conveniently, the granddaughter of Sauniere. She has seen pictures from the murder scene, including the "undisclosed line" kept from Langdon, and as such, believes Langdon to be innocent. Moreover, she believes the message grotesquely situated on her grandfather's body was left for her as a bizarre yet pointed "treasure hunt." The treasure? The Holy Grail.<br/>Langdon is a returning character from Brown's earlier novel, ANGELS AND DEMONS. THE DA VINCI CODE is an ostensible history lesson albeit dubious at best. The action however, is pure fiction and masterfully wound. His use of parallel storylines with chapter-ending cliffhangers keeps the book fast-paced and suspensful to the end. Just like a good novel should.<br/>To say Da Vinci was a man ahead of his time is a supreme understatement. Perhaps a great deal of this furor is entrenched solidly in our ignorance of Da Vinci and his "sight" into the future. Remember, history has him pegged as the first to envision manned flight. This, in the 16th century, well before the Wrights put it together. So, to say Dan Brown found the right recipe for a blockbuster novel would also qualify as a supreme understatement. Brown's focus on Da Vinci's paintings and ostensibly interpretive messages within is ingenious. Let's face it, Da Vinci lived 1,500 years after the events in question. One MUST question HOW Da Vinci would KNOW the actual facts of these events. This is the overriding "pinch of realism" that will continue to make the reader wonder yet this same "pinch" continues to make the reader thirst for more.<br/>I read a review wherein the author indicated the following: "There is a paragraph or two in 'The Da Vinci Code' conveying the true meaning of history and man's involvement with it. Those who dominate &amp; win can write history as they see fit. Those who lose will cease to exist in history." How poignant. If this theory were applied to Da Vinci's paintings and the purported sybolism/meaning, one might be able to brush aside the zealous rhetoric and enjoy this book. Again, how does Da Vinci KNOW these facts? Everyone has their own beliefs and will reach their own conclusions. Mr. Brown can be criticized for his research and promulgations relative to Christian history and the Catholic Church but the question that one must ask (if taking Brown's storyline to heart) is: Do you believe the history you know as an undeniable truth or do you question it? Is history as black and white as we learned it in school or is there room for interpretation, shades of gray if you will? You be the judge.
 The Da Vinci Code. So much has been discussed about it - in all kinds of media.<br/><br/>I bought this book when it was released and yes, I loved reading it. The mystery/adventure in this book all began with the murder of Louvre's chief curator and how he leaves clues for his granddaughter, Sophie, for the mystery to be solved. During solving the murder mystery, one clue leads to another. Sophie ultimately solves the mystery and a big secret is revealed.<br/><br/>I am no expert in Christianity; so I cannot comment on any religious facts stated in the book. However, I must admit that it was while reading this book, did I get to know many facts. Dan Brown weaved many facts about Leonardo da Vinci, his works, about cryptography, and so on, that reading 'The Da Vinci Code' was a pleasure.<br/><br/>It's in the hands of an author to weave facts with fiction in such a way that the author's works are a pleasure to read. And that's what exactly Dan Brown has done in this book.<br/><br/>If you still haven't read the book, &amp; have just "heard" the main story, I must suggest this book is a must read and to be kept as a collection. The book is far better than the movie too.
 Let me start with a disclaimer, I'm fascinated by stories that involve the Vatican and the power of the Catholic church.  As a Catholic in the United States, I'm intrigued by the vast monetary and property holdings that the church possesses worldwide, as well as the loyalty that the church has inspired.  As an institution, you know that the Catholic church has the power to survive many scandals and crises.<br/>So, if the premise of the Da Vinci code is the search for information so powerful that it has the power to reduce the mighty Vatican strucutre to rubble, I'm hooked.  Mr. Brown does a nice job of framing a thriller with monks and bishops serving as the "bad guys," even though they're trying to preserve a religion.<br/>My only problem with this book is the "gotcha" factor.  I won't give away any of the secrets, but I was annoyed by the fact that every puzzle and mystery in the book was solved by the prime characters within a few pages in some form of dazzling revelation.  If the mysteries remained buried for almost two millenium, you'd think it would take more than 36 hours for the main characters to get to the bottom of them.  Mr. Brown gets an "A" for his idea and a "B-" for the execution.
 I read this book <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/B0026IBXBO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>and was truly entertained by the pace that Dan Brown keeps the story moving. The moment the book opens the reader cares about the murder and the protaganists are on the run in the opening pages.<br/>Soaking up the drama, the ideas, and the imagery and the mystery is easy.<br/><br/>But what I could have done without, was Brown's preference for cliches. Phrases that a ninth grader would have used. Literally, the writing let down the subject matter. And not that the subject matter was treated all that well either. Brown abuses the long winded explanation. And beyond misusing a few methods; his jumps in logic are only outdone by his way of taking 98% of every conspiracy therory on earth and rolling it into one giant mystery that only the protaganists can solve. That takes guts to be so brazen as to write the solution to every conspiracy of all time.<br/><br/>Looking beyond the adolescent phrasing and arrogance, Dan Brown, kept me turn pages, or hitting buttons, Because I read it on my Kindle. It is a fun read, eventhogh it could never claim to be an intellectual one.
 I will admit I read this book 2 years ago and have never reviewed it until now. I don't like suspense, never have. I've found it way too gory and drawn out. I read the DaVinci Code because of the tie-in to Da Vinci. It was good. It had me getting out of bed at 1am to get my copy of Da Vinci's works from downstairs so I could visualize the description of the "Last Supper". Trying to decipher the code along with the lead characters is what kept me going much like following along with "National Treasure" and "Artemis Fowl".<br/>If you like chair clenching suspense this maybe boiring for you. But If your new to the genre you might like it. Here are certain things to keep in mind;<br/>1) This the second in a series. Angels and Demons is first. Read Angels and Demons and you'll understand the lead character better.<br/>2) This book has been on the NY Times bestseller list for over 147 weeks. Don't read it because of the hype only. If you don't like the subject don't read it. You'll be disappointed.<br/>3) It's a work of fiction! If you are so set in your beliefs that you can't enjoy a work of fiction. You may not want to read this book.<br/>Give it a try, I enjoyed it and I don't like people bleeding to death.
 Christianity is a con job that for 2000 years has obscured the Real Truth--that of the Goddess--under a layer of patriarchal oppression.  That's what I ultimately took from this book.<br/>The story starts out gripping and fascinating -- a murder in the Louvre, a cryptic series of messages, a chase. There are hidden codes in works of art, and explosive secrets that tantalize the reader to read on.<br/>But the book founders when Brown devotes chunk after chunk to sermonizing under the guise of teaching.  Sophie, the primary female character, is a cryptologist who initially shows great intelligence as she helps our hero (Robert Langdon) escape, but for the rest of the book she serves primarily only as a receptive pupil for the nuggets of wisdom and knowledge she receives from the other primary (male) characters.  The pages devoted to delivering this information are tediously extensive. It's a device typically deployed in desperation when the writer can't think of a more skillful way to get his points across. In this case, it serves to bog down the story and try the patience of the reader.<br/>What's more, the information is a real-life mishmash of fact, speculation, theory, and myth, all couched as Truth.  Brown himself states in interviews that aside from the story line, everything in the book is factual.  This is nonsense, but it accounts for the book's preachy tone.  Brown has an axe to grind, and grind it he does.<br/>Finally, character development is nonexistant, as is typical in books that exist primarily to preach (for other examples, see the horrible "Left Behind" blockbusters or anything by Ayn Rand).<br/>I say if you're looking for a masterful telling of this kind of story, head for Umberto Eco instead and leave Dan Brown behind.  Far behind.
 Through a very ingenious mystery plot, Dan Brown tries to present  the complex roots of modern Christianity.  The book makes one wonder why women were cast out of most modern religions, so it is not the "normal" dogma that we are used to, and may explain some of the more negative &amp; emotional reviews.<br/>Contrary to those reviews, this book is NOT an anti-religion tome.  It celebrates and is very respectful of human spirituality, in all its forms.  It tries to explain, in a historical context, how religions came to be what they are today.<br/>The end is particularly wonderful, with a final analysis that should leave everyone feeling good about their beliefs, whatever they are.<br/>BUT, let me emphasize, The Da Vinci Code it isn't *just* about religion -- it is also a thrilling detective story.  Despite a great opening page, I do agree that the beginning is just a tiny bit slow, but is more than compensated for, later on.<br/>It is so well written, that I could not figure out who the "bad guy" was even at the very end!  Dan Brown weaves a twisting and turning plot that finishes elegantly, without lowering itself to explaining a bunch of loose ends, in the final chapter!<br/>I can't wait for the movie to come out!
 It has long been my contention that fiction writers have two main components: writing skills and story-telling skills.  The best fiction writers are good at both.  In my opinion, F. Scott Fitzgerald is a prime example of someone who writes beautifully but isn't that great at storytelling, while J.K. Rowling comes to mind as a master storyteller whose writing skills are occasionally lacking.  Then you have someone like Stephen King who is equally good at both.  (And yes, I'm sure that many of you will vote this review as unhelpful just because of those opinions, but that's your prerogative.)<br/><br/>At any rate, Dan Brown is someone who knows how to tell a good story.  However, he writes at less than a seventh grade level.  His writing style reminds me of that email circulated a few years back with examples of the world's worst metaphors, containing sentences like, "The bullet hurtled from the gun like a small metal object released under enormous pressure from a slim chamber."  They are laughable, but the horrific thing is that Dan Brown has actually made millions of dollars with ACTUAL METAPHORS that are even worse.  From page 196 of this volume: "Standing beside the  conveyor] belt, they felt like weary travelers at baggage claim awaiting a mysterious piece of luggage whose contents were unknown."  Well, ya don't say!  Considering that this is EXACTLY WHAT THEY WERE DOING, waiting on a package with unknown contents, the best one can say for Brown is that at least he changed his "metaphor" so that it took place in an airport.  Pathetic.  My junior high English teacher would never have let a student get away with such writing.<br/><br/>The story IS an interesting one, and I'm sure everyone here knows all about it by now.  I think that if Christian groups hadn't kicked up such a fuss about the story, this book would have died a slow death years ago.  But they can always be counted upon to boost the bottom line of movies and books that no one would have given much thought to otherwise, so now Brown can join Martin Scorcese and Mel Gibson in thanking his lucky stars for them, and the fat sums of money they've brought to his door.  As for me, I quickly grew annoyed with Brown's R.L. Stine-ish habit of cutting off chapters after less than a page -- sometimes after less than a PARAGRAPH -- just to keep people in suspense a little longer for the next underwhelming revelation.<br/><br/>This version of the book is very well put together.  The pages are far better quality than your average hardcover; very glossy and heavy; harder to tear.  The pictures are in full, rich color, and it's not just the paintings and buildings, but people mentioned, and many of the symbols.  Sometimes the layout is annoying; because instead of repeating a picture or referencing it in a footnote, they force readers to flip backwards and forwards at times, looking for the image to go along with the text.  The editors could have done a tighter job syncing them up properly.<br/><br/>This book is a fun read, and obviously the movie is upon us, which will bring even more of the mentioned paintings, buildings, and history to life.  If only for the reason that people will learn about these things, I am happy it's happening.  As for Brown, I'm sure we'll get another witless book from him at some point, since rich writers never seem to be able to just retire at the top of their game and instead keep kicking around the same dead horse/character to see how much more cash they can milk from it (see Thomas Harris), and I'm equally as sure that I'll wind up reading it at some point, if only because I always seem to disappoint myself this way.  It's likely too much to hope that he'll have learned to write any better by then, but since we don't seem to care about his amateur-hour writing skills, it won't be any skin off his nose, or money out of his pocket either way.  So let's just keep our fingers crossed that the story will still be at least moderately interesting.
 This book fell into my radar when I saw this book on the bestsellers list.  I became curious about the book realizing that the book had topped the chart for many weeks.  I knew nothing about the book at the time but bought it anyway on a whim.  Once I started reading the book I was hooked and read the book practically nonstop and finished the book in a mere 3 days!  It seemed to me that Brown found the formula to write a bestselling novel.  The book has pace and the characters always are on the move which adds to the tension that is always maintained in the book.  But the real formula of this book's success was the mixing of known historical facts and making grandiose implications of conspiracy and adding believability to the story.  Conspiricies regarding DaVinci and his works of art, the conspiracy of the writing of the gospels, and the relations of Jesus and Mary Magdalene.  All of these conspiracies have real elements backed by evidence and yet are not complete to tell the whole picture.  If you are on the way towards buying this book don't forget to visit danbrown.com he's got a couple of webquests that help you kill time as well as promote other books he's published.  It worked on me because I've already purchased a second book written by him.
 Dan Brown has written an immensely enjoyable thriller that will grab your attention on the opening pages.  Blending vivid characters with fact, fiction, history, speculation and myth, The Da Vinci Code takes the reader on a fast paced search for the identity of a murderer.  The victim is the renowned curator of the Louvre, a man of diverse interests who uses clues originally planted by Leonardo Da Vinci and others, to protect and preserve an ancient secret.<br/>Rousted from his hotel bed by the French Police; Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor and symbologist is brought to the galleries of the Louvre to witness and interpret the scene of the crime.  Clearly the victim intended to communicate a message, however the meaning of it is as mysterious as the motive behind his murder.  Aided by the granddaughter of the victim, a trained cryptologist, Langdon is thrust into a frenzied search for a killer; a search that might also lead to the answer of Christendom's most revered mystery, the Holy Grail itself!<br/>Nothing is ever quite what it seems, as each puzzle unfolds to reveal yet another question to answer.  Doubt regarding allies and enemies persists as agents from French and British law enforcement, religious historians, the Vatican and Opus Dei jockey with the protagonists for the possession of a secret maintained by the mysterious Priory of Sion for almost two millennia.<br/>What sets this novel apart from the usual murder/pursuit genre is Mr. Brown's ability to merge details from art history, symbology, mathematics,  forensics and theology into such a readable story.  Descriptions like "page-turner" and "couldn't put it down" are more than appropriate for The Da Vinci Code.  You'll find yourself racing the characters to interpret the various clues and puzzles, while breathlessly awaiting each turn of the plot.  Upon reaching the end, the only question that might remain is "exactly how much is true... and how much is fiction?"
 What can be said that hasn't been said a thousand times?  I am a latecomer to the Da Vinci hysteria.  First off, this book is worth every penny.  I read this book after the movie, and I think the book is better (even though the movie was good too).  You cannot read this book without having the photos to go along with the story line: Dan Brown - great edition!  I am using this book as a springboard to dive into the ancient world of knights templar, secret societies, etc. I usually don't go for fiction, however there is a lot of fact present here (religiously, and just pertaining to life) that one can learn from in this book.  How can you not enjoy the power, and intrigue of: "The Teacher", "The Priory", "The Templars" etc?  It brings to light the feeling I always had in watching the Godfather III, when Michael is having problems dealing with the Vatican.  There are people holding the strings in everyday life, religious groups, government, secret societies, the underworld, etc.  It makes you think...<br/><br/>After reading this tale, I ordered a book on the knights and one on freemasons as well.  I plan on reading them as soon as they arrive.  Great book, and I had an enjoyable time reading this wonderful story.
 With creativity and artistic flair, Dan Brown, weaves into this novel a mystery that is 2,000 years old and actually much much older, in fact, dating back to the Eygptians and beyond. He combines fact and fiction into a labyrinth that leaves the reader spell-bound and a bit disoriented after the reading experience. Hesitant to read this book, I thought, "Da Vinci Code", sounds too complicated to me. However, I was reassured by friends it was a mystery book, not a cipher text. I took the challenge and read it ...<br/>This book turns into a nonstop adventure beginning with a murder in the Louvre, in Paris. It culminates with a visit to Isaac Newton's tomb in West Minster Abbey, and another to Rosslyn Chapel in Scotland ... intriguing places that hold the clues to solving the original mystery. Nicole Neveu, the neice of the murdered curator of the Louvre, and Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor of Religious symbology, are thrown together through an unusual communication left by the deceased, Jacques Sauniere. Very soon they realize the curator brought them together to reveal to them, "the secret" which solely he possessed. However, to prevent the wrong people from discovering "the secret", he  shrouded it in unusual text, obscure verses, symbolism, and a mysterious box, that contained yet another veiled clue, an encrypted "keystone". But the Opus Dei, a controversial devout Catholic sect also wanted to unravel the secret ... The clues to the mystery were hidden in Leonardo Da Vinci's paintings, within ancient symbols from a goddess cult, and within the architecture of the Knights Templar.<br/>This is one book taht will keep you on the edge of your seat guessing "what happens next". It will twist and turn your mind, as new clues are revealed. You will experience more depths and layers than any other novel ... ever. It is an artistic masterpiece which questions some fundamental human instincts. Erika Borsos (erikab93)
 I mean after all it's an 'Indiana Jones' kind of adventure book in search of the ubiquitous 'Holy Grail' ..... I guess the teaser that the author puts in the front of the book about the fact that the artwork, the existence of secret Cathlic 'societies' is completely real and truthfull, is what may have put some people off .. but please give me a break, IT'S NOT A TEXTBOOK ....<br/>The fact that the book is based on reality which is then stretched and artistically massaged by the author makes this book stand out above the norm of today's fiction that usually have disclaimers abaout everything being a lie 'no matter what you want to believe or think you may believe' .....<br/>Without getting into the meat of the story I found the book to be easy to read as the author spins tales of secret societies such as Opus Dei, The Templar Knights ... magical hidden treasures and messages hidding in the Louvre, underneath the palace of Herod and thi the top secret vaults of an unpenetrable Swiss Bank with the ever famous anonymous accounts, in Paris.<br/>It's such a pleasant relief in a fiction NOVEL of today to actually incite the reader to think and daydream of times past while enjoying a wonderfull well written mystery ......
 I admit, I was clueless about the hype surrounding this book. I just knew that it was on the bestseller list. So, I saw it on the library shelf, and thought I'd give it a whirl.<br/>My favorite books are thrillers and mysteries, but sadly, the stuff that's being churned out these days is pretty much garbage. I didn't start this one with much hope, either.<br/>Boy was I surprised! I am a former Christian minister (now a "New Ager") who's just now starting to explore the Divine Feminine. (You know how taboo *that* is, right? And believe me, it ain't just Catholicism...) I knew that El Shaddai meant many-breasted one, but that was about it.<br/>The information in this book blew me away. It all made perfect sense to me. (Although I can certainly see how it would enrage Christians!) It's very rare that you find a book that is both an engaging work of fiction *and* a deliverer of historical and mystical ideas. It has whet my appetite to explore the Divine Feminine and this aspect to spirituality that I've been missing out on due to my upbringing.<br/>For some reason, I felt the first 3/4 was the best part of the book, but it was very satisfying on all levels--even the ending. However, Brown gets into too much detail with architecture, the looooong cat and mouse part at Westminister Abbey, etc. A good deal could have been trimmed from this book.<br/>The characters are memorable and unique: an Albino monk, an Englishmen in Paris who walks on metal crutches, a hot-head French capitan,... I felt as if I could see each and every one.<br/>Setting wise, all the French streets and architectual references were lost on me, but the details didn't take away from the pace of the novel, nor the intrigue.<br/>Technically, Brown did everything he was supposed to: ended the chapters with hooks, shifted perspectives fluidly, "showed not told", etc. It's formulaic...but formula *works*.<br/>You'll enjoy this book if you love good fiction and if you have an open mind.
 I picked up this book with the highest of hopes and left thinking the book was.....ok. First off, the plot is derivative, a retread of every dime thriller I have ever read. 50 pages into it I had figured out the ending. However, the plot is, thankfully, not the books main selling point. That honor belongs to its somewhat dubious "intellectual appeal". I did like Brown's provocative take on Da Vinci and Catholicism, but I was left wanting more of his engaging conspirary theories and less of his lackluster story. Furthermore, the tidbits he passes off as "facts" are riddled with conjecture and historical inaccuracy, leaving the reader bewildered as to what information can be taken at face value. For instance, Brown gives a figure of 4 million witches burned in the few hundred years the inquisition reigned. The actual number is closer to a tenth of that (most historians place the number between 100 and 500 thousand). He also takes great freedom with the Knights Templar, warping their origins and twisting established history. These are just a few things I found in a single casual reading, I cannot imagine what further wrongs would be revealed with a little more reseach. All historical faults aside, it is a fairly engaging book.....as long as it is taken with a grain of salt.
 .<br/>Review:<br/>Dan Brown does a phenomenal job in capturing the conspiracy theories of the Priori de Sion (see Holy Blood, Holy Grail) in a gripping whodunit!  Literally, you will not be able to put the book down because of its design, and its wonderfully enjoyable writing.<br/>I found myself always trying to read �just one more chapter�, and finished the book in a few nights. Each chapter is short, fast paced, ends in a situation of suspense, are often based around curious riddles, and the overall conspiracy topic and its details are very interesting!  (Even though Baigent�s �Messianic Legacy� shows the Priori documents/claims listed in Holy Blood, Holy Grail are fraudulent!  But, that�s an entirely different story.)<br/>Brown�s mystery interestingly details the friction and conspiracy of mainstream Christianity (e.g. the Catholic Church) juxtaposed against the conspiracy of age old paganism.<br/>This mystery takes us through some exotic locals like the Lourve, with its historical works of art and their interpretations; Rosilyn Chapel in Scotland, a Swiss Depository (a very foreign concept in the US), London and Parisian Cathedrals, and many other interesting places.  It also takes us to many other curious points of history and time, giving us needed perspective on who we are today, and how our societies got to this point.<br/>Story:<br/>A beloved Louvre Museum curator is violently murdered in the museum and is found with self imposed enigmatic clues to his death and murderer.  His secret grand daughter, a Parisian cryptographer, and an American academic symbolist search against time and danger to decode his messages which include riddles and anagrams of the works of Da Vinci, Hugo, Cocteau, Newton, Pope and the secret Prioi de Sion.<br/>Negative:<br/>Brown has designed the book to somewhat conclude that the above conspiracies are based on the �fact� of the truth of paganism, over the �fiction� of Christianity, rather than the opposite.  If there is so much truth and historical basis for the paganistic interpretation of Christ and Mary, why does it have to be so secret for 2,000 years - waiting for the right time to show itself to the yearning world?
 A hectic year has passed since he vanquished the Illuminati threat in "Angels and Demons" and mild-mannered Harvard professor Robert Langdon would like a vacation.  Instead, he finds himself in Paris after giving a lecture on religious symbology and trying to get some rest when, suddenly, another fateful telephone call interrupts his sleep.  This time it is the French Judicial Police and they are looking for clues into the mysterious slaying of prominent Louvre Museum curator Jacques Sauniere.<br/>Eerily reminiscent of the earlier novel's first symbol-laden murder, this case points not to the Illuminati, but to the equally secretive Priory of Sion.  Allegedly headed by such luminaries as Leonardo da Vinci (1452-1519) and Sir Isaac Newton (1642-1727), the Priory has been associated with the Holy Grail of early Christian lore.  Again we see shades of Indiana Jones, or as Brown puts it, "Harrison Ford in Harris tweed".  Again in James Bond-like fashion, Langdon gets help from a highly-intelligent and attractive woman, the Judicial Police cryptologist Sophie Neveu.<br/><br/>Even though the plot of "The Da Vinci Code" is similar to that of "Angels and Demons", this novel throws in a few extra twists.  One is that Langdon himself is a prime suspect and he must elude the Judicial Police as well as his increasingly nebulous adversary.  Also, the symbols and puzzles that he and Neveu must solve are tougher and worthy of Leonardo da Vinci at his best.<br/>Leonardo not only designed ingenious contraptions, but he may have hid surprises in his art.  In his "Mona Lisa" and also in "The Last Supper", he perhaps mocked convention by painting with alleged double meanings.  With the latest restoration of "The Last Supper", the figure at Jesus' right side (viewer's left) was returned to its original "androgyny", opening the door to reinterpretation.  Can it be either a man or a woman, like the subject of the "Mona Lisa"?  Or, is it really a woman after all, perhaps Mary Magdalene?<br/><br/>Such speculation plays into the age-old Merovingian myth and its dynastic claim.  Beginning with the ancient Gnostics and continuing into the present, the notion of a bloodline springing from Jesus and Mary Magdalene has generated more heat than light.  By their fruits shall you know them, Gnostics included.  Apostle and evangelist Saint John had to contend with proto-Gnostics in the early Church.  It was this same inner-circle disciple who claimed that Jesus is divine, long before the Council of Nicaea did so in AD 325.  And the Bible indirectly affirms that it was John himself who sat at Jesus' (right) side during the Last Supper (John 13:23, John 19:26-27).  Whether or not Leonardo believed it is not the core issue.  (Leonardo probably did, because his notes on "The Last Supper" are said to indicate St. John.)  Yet as fiction, "The Da Vinci Code" does offer the reader something more than a rehashing of Baigent, Leigh, and Lincoln's "Holy Blood, Holy Grail".  Also, the Special Illustrated Edition brings to life the settings of Brown's story, especially the Louvre Museum in Paris.  In "The Da Vinci Code", Brown delivers an intriguing story line that promises to continue with his forthcoming book, "The Solomon Key".  Hopefully in this next work, he will square away both his Judeo-Christian history and his theology.  If he does, we may see a spiritual classic.  If not, use caution!  Rev. Dennis J. Mercieri, alumnus of Holy Apostles Seminary, Cromwell, CT, USA<br/>P.S.  I just saw the DVC movie and enjoyed it for what it is, a story.  While it zips through some of the elaborate riddles, it does mirror the book's plot and it ends with the same kind of impact.  The movie also reinforces the book's status as fiction and following the credits is a disclaimer that any similarity to real persons, places, or events is purely coincidental and unintentional.  For me, a shift occurred in that the movie highlighted the story's detective aspects.  I now see Dan Brown's DVC as more like an episode of Sherlock Holmes or Hercule Poirot than of James Bond.
 I have so far read 4 of Dan Brown's books (Angel &amp; Demons, DaVinci Code, Deception Point &amp; Digital Fortress) and three features of his writings stand out. First, audacious plotlines; Brown does not believe in small measures but goes out on a limb-  heck, this guy re-defines audacity! The plotlines are way over the top but have just that crucial amount of credibility to draw in a reader, even when he knows it is fiction. Second, the pace is mercilessly quick; the entire plot of the book plays out over a few days at most. Last but for me the best of all, his books have a wealth of esoteric information that one would not normally read about. I found myself enthralled by a never ending series of factoids that had me rushing to the Internet for explanation or elaboration. I like books that teach me something new, or even give me a new perspective on something I already know, and Dan Brown manages this easily.<br/>DaVinci Code for my money is his best effort till date and it features all the above 3 characteristics. The mysterious death (and its perplexing manner) of a respected Louvre curator sets symbologist Robert Langdon and cryptographer Sophie Neveu (also the curator's granddaughter) on a quest whose twists and turns are guided by a series of cryptic clues. To reach their journey's quest, Langdon and Neveu have to solve the puzzles using history, language and ingenuity, while hard on their heels follows the killer, a misguided monk. I was totally enthralled in the cracking of the various codes, spiced up by Brown's customary dose of history and intrigue, art and artists.<br/>I found the book absolutely fascinating. There have been complains that the book is anti-Catholic and about the accuracy of Brown's research. I am not qualified to comment on the research accuracy and while the Catholic Church does not exactly come off smelling of roses, well, this is classified as a work of fiction after all. Don't take it too seriously people, lighten up! This is not a research thesis but a novel. If it sets you thinking, fine, but mainly, it is an entertaining read with lots of interesting information, much (though not all of it) true.  Highly recommended.
 Forget the controversy surrounding the origins and credibility of the Catholic religion.  The Da Vinci Code is an engaging read from a historical and symbological standpoint that clearly places it a cut above you're average 'thriller.'  The book makes you think, much more so than the usual formula employed in a James Patterson novel (Patterson, by the way, is very entertaining, he just doesn't require you to think, his stories just activate the DVD player in your brain.)<br/>All of the elements of the classic good vs. evil formula are present.  The religion thing just adds to the engagement and complexity of the story.  There are endless historical examples of demonizing a defeated cultures religion in favor of the culture who defeated it.  In Thailand, in the city of Attullyla (spelling? it's right outside of Bangkok), was left in state after an anti-Buddist battle in the 14th century.  What is interesting is how the victor (the anti-Buddists) cut off all the heads of the Budda statues inside of the defeated city, as if to say "My God is more powerful, better than your god..."<br/>The analogy to the book is Mary Magdalene casting in history as a whore, when the book states she was Jesus' spouse before modern catholism rewrote religious history and demonized Mary Magdalene as a prostitute... This element is sure to raise controversy in Catholic circles.<br/>Though I highly recommend the book, I do agree that the it is a bit long at points, and could have been pared down.  Dan Brown's prose reminds me of early John Grisham works, circa "The Firm", fabulous story, but bad prose in the moments of climax never seem to make you say "wooow!" In fact, there are at times when he builds it up to point where you're waiting for the 'wow' that never comes.<br/>Bottom line, very worthwhile, typical elements, creative story.
 Once you begin THE DAVINCI CODE you will not be able to put it down.  The story grabs you by the collar and drags you along at a brisk pace.  Dan Brown gives you everything; an albino, monk hitman; a brilliant art historian; a beautiful French detective with a specialty in cryptology; a secret society called the Knights Templar; and a substantive search for the Holy Grail.<br/>What places this book a cut above the rest is the layering of art history and religious history integral to the story.  You read the factoids Brown sprinkles here and there and you wonder, "Is that true?"  If any of it is true, Brown has made some pretty controversial statements regarding the foundations of Christian beliefs and traditions.  But that makes it all the more delicious to read.  For those reasons THE DAVINCI CODE is better than your run of the mill cops and robbers mystery/thrillers.<br/>The book begins with murder at the Louvre Museum near the Mona Lisa.  Clues are left everywhere and everything written has meaning and will be referred to later in the book.  The characters are very clearly delineated and do not melt into one another.  I was stunned by how breezily this book reads and how many twists and turns Brown threw into the mix.<br/>Then I got to page 405 and became very disappointed.  At that point I found the book a bit unbelievable.  Up to page 405 everything seemed plausible.  But the book had a heavy head of steam up to that revelation.  The very end was a bit underwhelming, as the first 400 pages promised much more.<br/>I highly recommend this read, but the conclusions to all the characters were a little too pat and easy.  There is no big shoot out at the end, but I expected something a bit more exciting than what I received.
 This is a page turner that will keep you on the edge of your seat! Just hold on until the end. The suspense is more thrilling than a roller coaster ride.<br/><br/>You'll need to have an open mind about some of your religious beliefs. That's okay. None of us truly know what happened two thousand years ago. Perhaps this will provide you with some food for thought. It certainly did for me.<br/><br/>While this is not the genre in which I write, it does have an element of spirituality. I appreciate that since I write spiritually-themed books that are designed to make people lighten up and not take life so seriously. My first novel is entitled "The Misadventures of Sister Mary Olga Fortitude.<br/><br/>This book will not make you laugh. What it will do for you is help you to explore a mystery that will test your faith. Dan Brown is a consummate storyteller. He knows how to weave an intricate tale of intrigue. This is a thriller at its best. Fasten your seat belt. It will be a bumpy ride.<br/><br/>Davis Aujourd'hui, author of "The Misadventures of Sister Mary Olga Fortitude"
 I wanted to become the final person on the planet to read this book since September 2005 when it became the source of a spirited discussion between fellow Gulf Coast volunteers about Christianity and history.  Then, when the movie came out, I made a pact with my friend Kelly that we would read both read it, then go to the movie and talk about it.<br/><br/>First off - yes, it's a page-turner. Kelly described it as "like crack (not that I've tried crack)," and stayed up to the wee hours on workdays unable to put it down.  I read it 40 pages at a time, which is roughly 20 pages more than I can usually read in one sitting.<br/><br/>The history behind it - well, it's probably shaky.  I would tend to side with the book against all its Christian detractors, but that probably says more about my disdain for fundamentalist zealots than my belief in the book's claims. I think most people's beef is with the epigraph he includes, which basically says that while the plot is fiction the historical basis is true. This is itself a little arrogant, being as Brown didn't even know much about the Priory of Sion or Opus Dei before the year or two of research he did for this book. Personally, I put this on the same level with the Coen Brothers' assertion at the beginning of Fargo that it was a true story - a plot device to ellicit reader trust and empathy for the characters.  Not that there's anything wrong with that.<br/><br/>Whatever it was, it worked for me.  I bit Brown's historical revisionism hook, line and sinker (a little foreshadowing for my next review), mainly because he is a master plot architect.  In terms of twists and revelations, he knows when to hold 'em and he knows when to fold 'em.<br/>I think maybe the greatest reason for all the flak from the church about The Da Vinci Code comes down to the fact that the book is an excellent piece of creative myth-making, and the church don't need no new myths - the old ones have done them just fine so far.  Stephen Pinker in The Language Instinct repeats the old adage that language is just dialect with an army; I would say the same comparison could be made between religion and myth. Every religion starts as myth, hardens with time and statute into doctrine, then claims itself as truth, beyond doubt or question.  The Da Vinci Code, if nothing else, is one big meaty question, wrapped in a brain-candy plot.<br/><br/>About the movie - IT SUCKS. Big time. It forgets the big question in favor of rushing through the major plot points, and ends up more a summary than an adaptation.  I actually took a call outside the theater halfway through the movie, balanced my checkbook, and could tell exactly what was about to happen in the movie when I returned a half-hour later. It does take the liberty of changing the ending, a silly choice that I was left wondering why, and not in a good way.
 Just when I needed a diversion from the cold that grabbed me late last week a copy of The Da Vinci Code arrived!<br/>This is not a great book, as has been observed by others critical of Mr. Brown's efforts.  I found it an engaging book nonetheless and remained absorbed for the last few days.  Thank you Mr. Brown.<br/>To appreciate this book one must have a modicum of interest in history of the Christian church and at least a willingness to entertain some of the conspiracy theories that have spun around it over the millenia.  Personally, I'm open to the argument that the feminine has been given short shrift by the church and found Mr. Brown's presentation of the history entertaining.  When I visited Glastonbury some years ago, I was quite taken by the Arthurian connections and the link to early Christianity represented by the hawthorne tree ostensibly sprouting from a staff planted in the ground by Joseph of Aramethia.  Myth is lovely and a healthy antidote, in my estimation, to our overly analytical and materially oriented culture.  This book was a "good read."  But with my sinuses clearer now and my attention a bit keener, I'll likely turn to richer faire as my reading continues.
 Successful novels aren't always carried by the sum of their components, and this novel is an example of how one component alone can sometimes propel a book to bestsellerdom. In this case the component is the subject matter itself: Jesus Christ's bloodline and the suppression of documents that suggest a woman should be heading up the Church in Rome. Other components I found weak. Main characters, for this reader, remained paper-thin. The French police captain and his second-in-command revealed a hackneyed relationship. The story attempted to duplicate the frenetic pace of some movie thrillers, but its effort fell short because its energy to accomplish this was consumed by format rather than story: more than 100 chapters, plus a pro- and epilogue, and too many of them unfolded in an escaping vehicle. Additionally, because much of the story has its action in France, its appears author and editor thought it necessary to pepper the text with countless French lines. A little of this goes a long way for readers who do not speak French. Although I finished the story, early-on something began to nag at me and it remained to the very end. This is a generous time of year and so I've awarded it 3 stars.
 While in Paris on business, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon receives an urgent late-night phone call: the elderly curator of the Louvre has been murdered inside the museum. Near the body, police have found a baffling cipher. While working to solve the enigmatic riddle, Langdon is stunned to discover it leads to a trail of clues hidden in the works of Da Vinci--clues visible for all to see, yet ingeniously disguised by the painter.<br/><br/>Langdon joins forces with a gifted French cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, and learns the late curator was involved in the Priory of Sion--an actual secret society whose members included Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo, and Da Vinci, among others.<br/><br/>In a breathless race through Paris, London, and beyond, Langdon and Neveu match wits with a faceless powerbroker who seems to anticipate their every move. Unless Langdon and Neveu can decipher the labyrinthine puzzle in time, the Priory's ancient secret--and an explosive historical truth--will be lost forever.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code heralds the arrival of a new breed of lightning-paced, intelligent thriller... utterly unpredictable right up to its stunning conclusion.
 105 chapters, 104 cliffhangers that defy you to put down Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code."<br/>This book easily lives up to its hype and New York Times debut at #1.<br/>"The Da Vinci Code" is a thinking man's thriller...a knowledgeable suspense novel.<br/>Harvard symbolist Robert Langdon and French cryptologist Sophie Neveu team up when Sophie's grandfather (curator of the Louvre), is murdered.<br/>A breathless chase at a breakneck pace deciphering a combination of coded clues, hidden treasure, fascinating historical figures with a secret society link push the plot with a relentless beat-the-clock pressure.<br/>Empirical evidence and religious faith conflict leading you to jaw dropping conjectures. You will challenge all you discovered in school.<br/>Conspiracy theory buffs will love this book. Just when you think you know who are Langdon and Neveu's allies and enemies, you doubt your logic, change your mind and still remain unsure.<br/>Making "The Da Vinci Code" all the more enthralling is the knowledge that Priory of Sion and Opus Dei are real organizations.<br/>Attempt the "challenge" at ... You need not be a Mensa Society member to solve it, but it would speed the process.
 I watched the movie before I read the book. I saw the movie when it first came out in theaters and I just finished reading the book about two months ago. From what I remembered of the movie I feel they didn't differ too much, which I felt was a good thing. I hate it when they distort a book so much.<br/><br/>This is the second book and flows from the first book, but you're not required to read the first book in order to know what's going on. As usual it follows Prof. Robert Langdon in a high speed, action, thriller to stop someone from doing something they have no business. I felt this one was slowed in nature and wasn't disappointed in that. I felt like I got to know Langdon just a bit better than in the first book. And just as in the first book the detail is just enough that I can imagine myself in the locations without becoming overly bored by them. The chapters are also self-contained.<br/><br/>I can say that I loved the ending to this book, far better than the movie. Why they had to change that I don't know.<br/><br/>Good second book.
 "The Da Vinci Code" is a multi-layered novel laced with amazing historical and fictional puzzles.  The fast paced tale blends several of histories critical discoveries and controversial conspiracies into a great story with a couple improbable revelations.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, also in "<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons/dp/1416524797/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons</a>" by the same author, leads a cast of interesting characters through religious codes spanning millennia of history.  Since the novel is based on credible icons and traditions including current events, the suspense pulls the reader into a web of realistic mystery.  Those intrigued by conspiracy on a religious level will find the research fascinating and thorough.<br/><br/>As with about every film-based novel, I would suggest at least not watching the movie prior to reading the book if not forgoing the movie thereby leaving the story entirely to the imagination.<br/><br/>Overall the novel is outstanding (borderline between 4 and 5 stars) for any fan of the pseudo-realistic literary genre.  However those of a highly inflexible religious background or intolerant attitude towards religion might want to avoid the selection.<br/><br/>Thank you.
 For sometime now I've read and heard reports of how good this book is.  I finally jumped on the bandwagon and decided to see what all the fuss was about.  I found the story to be good but not great.  This may be due, in part, to all the hype about the book.  Once a book, or anything else, has been hyped the way this book has it is probably difficult to meet the expectations of the reader who has taken all the hype in.<br/><br/>I must admit that I was really intrigued with all the history given to the various works of Da Vini.  I think I'll be doing a little more research into some of the hidden symbols that may really be present in his works.  The American professor made an interesting and unconventional hero.  The story moved at a quick pace, at least early on it did.  About half way through the book the story began to slow down and in some cases become repetitive.  While interesting at first, I found the constant explaining of the Sacred Feminine to get a bit old.  Brown, the author, presents an interesting take on the life of Jesus.  I doubt it will shake the Christian beliefs of those who are confident in their belief in God and his son Jesus.  However, it does raise questions that Christian or non-Christians will probably want to look into.  For example, the portion of the book that deals with the changes Constantine made to the Christian (Catholic) religion are true.  I've talked to some people that are offended by that part of the book, as well as other parts.  I don't know why, it's verifiable.  Books like THE DA VINCI CODE are, by design, meant to challange the accepted beliefs for many of its readers.  The fun in reading a book like this is to look into matters and discover if you, as the reader, may have the wrong take on a particular matter  or to find out where the author went wrong or fabricated part of the story.<br/><br/>My biggest complaint about the story is the ending.  I don't want to give anything away but I expected more.  After spending hours reading hundreds of pages I bet most readers were expecting a more detailed ending.  Now that this book is being made into a movie it will be interesting to see just how close Hollywood stick to the source material.
 As with most people who read this book, I got swept up in all the brouhaha about it. The plot was interesting and the few tidbits about symbols kept me reading a bit further, but this book really fell flat in all other areas.  The characters are two dimensional with no real depth, most of the information about what the symbols stood for is flat out wrong, and it seemed that the main driving force behind the novel was the notion the Jesus and Mary were married and had a child.<br/><br/>Now, I wouldn't mind reading a book that theorized about a wedded Jesus, but this one certainly isn't it. I personally don't believe it happened, but I have heard some valid points for it happening and none of it appear in this book. Sensationalism aside, this book isn't worth the time and there are much better written works out there that are far more rewarding.
 Dan Brown has written a page turner added a little panache to the genre of thrillers.  This one's a thriller jacketed in a web of art history, age-old religious mystery, and who-dunnit Alfred Hitchcockery.  The writing is simplistic and definitely doesn't get in the way of turning the pages.  Which works well for those feeding on the thrill, but less well for those thrilled by the well-turned phrase.  But the world needs summer beach books, rainy weekenders, and lazy fall leaves turning pages on the metro.  Literary high art it's not, this we've established, but the world has it's place for, "The Da Vinci Code," and it's a rather entertaining place at that.<br/>The character names are pure genre and comically laughable...there's Sophie Neveau the brainy damsel in distress, there's Robert Langdon/Indiana Jones/Jack Ryan as the American in the middle of it all, and there's even Leigh Teabing as the eccentric rich British Knight Historian to add color.  The strength of this book really is Dan Brown's religious conspiracy theory modeling behind a thriller with codes and puzzles.  It's a fetching formula that hasn't been very often previously postured in other thrillers.<br/>Brown does fringe the line of pseudo-intellectualism gone bad though as he references current cultural fare to prove a point...Kubrik's "Eyes Wide Shut," proves secret society sex rituals among other modern movies.  It detracts from the purloined pace like a badly placed intermission.<br/>Don't let these minor critiques put you off though.  I thoroughly enjoyed Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code," and it kept me engaged from beginning to end.  Do you have a Eurorail pass?  This might make perfect reading on the night train from Florence to Rome.
 Well, it's interesting to see by his remarkable new bestseller, THE DA VINCI CODE, that author Dan Brown has been reading many of the same books I have.  Not sure if I should congratulate or pity.  In 1984, I bought my first copy of Baigent, Leigh and Lincoln's controversial and much maligned HOLY BLOOD, HOLY GRAIL, a veritable Pandora's box of secret societies, heretical orders, medieval murder and intrigue involving (supposedly) an astonishing array of some of the greatest artists and thinkers in Occidental history.  Aside from some particularly sensational claims, the book did host an impressive measure of very scholarly research into certain shadowy avenues of history I had few ideas about.  I was, in a word, hooked.<br/>In the years since then, along with my regular diet of novels and mainstream nonfiction, I consumed a good deal of HOLY BLOOD spin-offs.  Too many, really; a few were quite fun, but most were just strange and preposterous crackpot pseudo-histories.  Like the flying saucers of the fifties and sixties, suddenly the whole of ancient and classical Christendom was somehow encoded with one great secret message after another, and amateur symbologists and geometers were having an endless field day.  Never naive enough to become disillusioned in any real sense, still I was disappointed that more serious research wasn't being done, but it seemed the whole tainted business had become anathema to the powers that be in our present-world academia.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is, undeniably, well read in this area.  What he lacks in prose style--which is considerable--he almost makes up for in his use of all this anecdotal history, this mudslide of minutiae, a manic, relentless assault upon the reader.  I can only imagine how this all might affect someone who has never read of or heard any of these theories before.<br/><br/>If, as a fiction writer, Brown has mastered anything, it's the trick of the twist, unexpected turns of events stacked so densely one atop the other here as to be mind-numbingly humorous.  Reading DA VINCI, I thought of nothing more than old James Bond movies--then it occurred to me how Oliver Stone had done much the same thing with his movie JFK.  Recipe being, you get yourself a juicy conspiracy, gather together every known crumb of theory and leftover tale concerning it, throw in a few more or less interesting characters (the wooden variety will do just fine; no time to waste), sprinkle in a few exotic, historically drenched locales, stir and heat to a rolling boil until the lid goes through the roof.<br/><br/>If the function of art is to arrest the mind, Dan Brown succeeds only in testing it.  And if the pace of his novel were not so astonishingly quick, he would succeed also in trying our patience.  He seems to be betting all along on a sure hand of keeping one step ahead of the reader and in that I'm quite sure he has not failed himself.
 With "The Da Vinci Code" Dan Brown has achieved the dream of all writers, he has achieved tremendous success and immortality. It won't matter if his next book is a dud, it will make number one in the New York Times. The struggle is over.<br/><br/>As for why the book if so popular when there is nothing original about it or actually disclose anything we have not heard, read or seen in movies thousands of times?. I think I know the answer, CONTROVERSY; let's be real, this was not a cultural phenomenon in the world till it became famous in America. And the only reason it did is because Americans love controversy, they thrive on it!.<br/><br/>There are hundreds of books and movies (The last temptation of Christ, anyone?) that suggest that Mary Magdalene and you know who were having fun. But nobody ripped their clothes in outrage till now? Why? I know the answer again OPORTUNISM; this is the time to be noted and raise hell.<br/><br/>Anyway, all that probably will pass soon, if you must read DVC go ahead, it's actually a pretty fast and entertaining read, but do not allow it to change your perception of reality, you know better than that! Remember FICTION.
 (To me this book is a work of fiction adorned with historical references and legendary tales and this is the context in which I am writing this review.)<br/><br/>The DaVinci Code is basically a murder investigation during which the prime suspect and the victim's dearest family member try to solve the crime before either of them gets arrested or even murdered. What makes it to be more is the backdrop storyline which provides a multi-layered setting that builds up the plot in depth and complexity.<br/><br/>It is rather a long book which at times felt a bit slow but generally the story progressed quite nicely and there were also a few parts that kept me hooked to finish the chapter. The fact that almost all revelations happen by means of observation does take away from the action but it also intensifies the meaning of the Code itself: a secret message hidden in plain sight. There were a couple of unexpected twists that made me want to go back and reread certain parts and the whole secret world the two heroes are introduced to along with its philosophy and historical references gives the reader enough food for thought.<br/><br/>I found the ending quite satisfying as all 3 major areas were met with a fitting closure. All mysteries are solved and still the world stays in place as we know it. There is even the distinct promise of a forthcoming romance (very welcomed by the sympathy of the reader) which was cleverly not forced into the story for it would be close to -if not- ruined. Still, a few more discrete references would do good to the emotional factor of the story.<br/><br/>The characters' outline is well drawn for their respective roles but eventually they are not well developed. I feel that the reader is kept at arm's length from them. The focus is so much on their knowledge that they become mere spokespeople sharing what they know (with the exception of Silas). The story lacks more delving into the actual human nature of the characters, their thoughts and feelings, things that make the reader feel more intimate with them rather than being an observer, an outsider peering in.<br/><br/>It's an easy read in terms of language and structure and (judging from the Greek edition) the writing simply serves the process of telling the story. No poignant phrases, words of wisdom or elaborately crafted sentences. Besides, the whole scenery continually unfolding is quite large and dense enough in itself that makes it capable to keep the writing non-challenging.<br/><br/>Overall, although I wasn't thrilled, it's a book I liked reading that gave me a lot of after-thought regarding the backdrop setting of the plot. I would recommend it to anyone with an interest in historical references and legendary tales who will not tire with detailed descriptions and will not mind history, legend and poetical license being all merged together.
 If you write fiction, you have the license to basically make up anything you want even if it defies logic or reality. But when you put a disclaimer at the beginning of your novel that says every document, piece of artwork, and description of ritual is FACT, you give away your right to defend yourself with a "hey, it's just fiction, or, it's artistic license." Especially when others have PROVEN your descriptions of several things are NOT fact.<br/><br/>I don't know hardly anything about religious or artistic history, but even I know he gets the description of the Virgin on the Rocks wrong. Brown's character Langdon says Leonardo painted two versions and that the first one was rejected because it had Baby John The Baptist blessing Jesus instead of the other way around, and that Mary had a threatening claw-like hand over John's head while Ariel had her finger pointed like a dagger cutting the neck of the imaginary head Mary was grasping. But Mary's hand wasn't over John's head, it was over JESUS' head, and there is nothing threatening about the poses of either woman.<br/><br/>Nobody has time to go into all of the information he gets wrong. That would take a book in itself.<br/><br/>But what is DANGEROUS about The Da Vinci Code is once again Brown's claim his information is accurate and historically correct. This presents a situation where most people can't determine where the truth stops and the lies begin. I didn't know whether the PHI thing was real or not thanks to Dan Brown's lie about every description being FACT.<br/><br/>He is libeling the reputation of real people and real organizations for the sake of telling a story, but isn't being upfront about it. Once again, he could cite artistic license if not for his self-imposed disclaimer of FACT and ACCURACY at the beginning.<br/><br/>In fact, one could argue that since The Da Vinci code is an "historical novel," artistic license doesn't apply anyway. In an historical novel, you are obligated to be accurate about the historical information. If I wrote a fictional story to the backdrop of WWII, I couldn't say Hitler was the leader of Russia when everybody knows he was the leader of Germany. And what if I said the Holocaust never happened and that Hitler was actually a really nice guy whose reputation was falsified by powerful Jews? No one would defend me or think I had a right to distort history for the sake of a fictional story. Yet that's exactly what Brown's doing to Christians and Catholics in particular. But of course, it seems to be politically correct to mock Christianity.<br/><br/>When hollering "it's just fiction!" remember Uncle Tom's Cabin and The Jungle were fiction. But they weren't JUST fiction: they had realistic effects on the real world. Has anybody ever heard of The Civil War and the government crackdown on the meat packing industry?<br/><br/>As far as story, a bunch of running and driving and code breaking and killing and flashbacking and a French girl who acts and talks American and one fundamental plot hole that is distracting for the entire book.<br/><br/>And the fundamental plot hole is this: if finding the Holy Grail is so important because of the secret it holds about Jesus, then explain to me how the "secret" is known by every expert in the book. Explain to me how many many many people have written books about the "secret"? Explain how even the likes of Walt Disney is making allegorical cartoons about the "secret." If all of these many people can find out about the secret by just doing a little research or reading a couple of books, then it ain't a secret! Therefore, the Holy Grail isn't important because the information it contains is already common knowledge!<br/><br/>I would give the book three stars but Dan Brown is so devious, I'll lower it to two.
 I read this book after hearing the 20th person rave and gush about how she simply "could not put it down!"  I had little trouble putting it down, myself.  The Da Vinci Code is fun, but irritatingly commercial at times (starting with physical descriptions of our heroes, George Clooney and Julie Delpy, oops, I mean Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu).  Some of the facts are just off, and show the single-source limitations of Brown's "exhaustive research":  for example, the selection of books for the New Testament was basically solidified more than 100 years before Emperor Constantine was a wicked gleam in his father's eye, contrary to Teabing's claim that Constantine handpicked the New Testament volumes for their marketing values.  Moreover, the canon of New Testament books was chosen from only 34 volumes, not 80.  (By the way, if you're curious about those rejected books, try reading their translations on earlychristianwritings.com.  It'll remind you of the well-circulated e-mail joke, "Rejected Dr. Seuss Books."  You'll find that there are some good reasons why some of that material didn't make the cut, reasons that have little to do with portraying Jesus Christ in a negative light.  Some of those proposed books of the New Testament are just laughably bad and bizarre enough to convince one that the Mediterranean cultures of the early first millenium A.D. were growing more peyote than olives.)  Finally, I found that the puzzles lacked challenge:  anybody who'd passed 7th-grade math could recognize the members of the Fibonacci sequence, and I spotted them right off.  The anagrams were also obvious (duh, most famous artist in the world, most famous museum in the world, most famous painting in the world.  Duh.), and anybody who's ever been to Westminster Abbey wouldn't have been much fazed by the "orb" and the "Pope" cryptography.  If readers truly are looking for intellectually stimulating puzzles based on trivia about hoary-headed Western Civ All-Stars, try reading Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum" instead.  I haven't read other Dan Brown books, but my advice to him would be to skip the cheese-filled "it was all a dream" epilogue in future works.  Not that my advice is worth anything to him...
 I simply wish when I had originally read TDVC that I had this edition to refer to.  I remember hearing that many photos of the places and things referred to in the novel were available at Dan Brown's website, and I logged on as quickly as I could.  They were great, but this edition of the book goes WAY BEYOND that.  Thank heavens!<br/><br/>As I re-read this totally entrancing novel, I found myself (yet again) totally enmeshed in the incredible storyline.  There are many who are cashing in on TDVC by attempting to *expose* some of the so-called half-truths and partial lies of the book, but I figure things a bit different:  if its all true, great.  If NOT...I still enjoyed the book.  The fact that Mr. Brown was able to create a story this detailed using whatever kinds of facts or outright fantasy or whatever you wish to call it and manage to convey it in such a compelling fashion, well its nothing short of amazing (to me at least).<br/><br/>As I finished TDVC one of my original thoughts centered on who would play Robert Langdon in the movie version -- and then I began to wonder just to what degree they would botch the whole thing in making an attempt to bring so much detail to the big screen without compromising the story too much.  A daunting task to say the least.<br/><br/>What Dan Brown needs to do next is oversee the illustrated edition of Angels &amp; Demons...JUST as entertaining and JUST as compelling as TDVC.  If you enjoyed this one, you OWE it to yourself to pick up A&amp;D -- you WON'T be disappointed.<br/><br/>Fans of The Da Vinci Code rejoice!  This is the version of this timeless historical thriller that you absolutely MUST have.  Buy it and share with those who share similar reading styles and you will forever be their hero.  Stop wasting time searching through the internet for all the details found in this one version.  It is WELL worth the price.  Simply superb.
 For a while I resisted reading this book, thinking that it could not possibly be as good as its hype. Well, I was wrong. This is simply one terrific book that will keep the reader riveted to its pages until the very last one is turned. It is a very well-written, intricately plotted thriller in which a great number of esoteric historical facts and interesting theories of a religious nature are woven. Those who read it should, first and foremost, keep in mind that this book is simply a work of fiction.<br/><br/>All hell breaks loose when Jacques Sauniere, the elderly and revered curator of the Louvre, is murdered inside the museum. The crime scene and the body itself are laden with symbols and cryptic messages pointing to renowned Harvard symbologist, Robert Langdon. He is invited to the crime scene by the wily Captain Bezu Fache, of the Central Directorate Judicial Police, the French equivalent of our Federal Bureau of Investigation, ostensibly to assist the police. Little does Langdon know that he is, in fact, the prime suspect.<br/><br/>When he meets police cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, they join forces. They are then led on a merry chase by a series of riddles and ciphers that are ground in a historical context. They are always just one step of the French police, who seem determined to charge Langdon with the murder of Jacques Sauniere. During their voyage of discovery, Langdon and Sophie come across a secret society, the Priory of Sion, that has a startling list of former members, which list includes Leonardo Da Vinci, as well as the late Jacques Sauniere. There is also some interesting historical detail about the ancient Knights Templar, as well as Opus Dei, a conservative religious organization currently in existence.<br/><br/>Langdon and Sophie peel back layers of historical clues that point to a secret of such magnitude that some would kill for it. As Langdon and Sophie surreptitiously travel from France to England and seem to be headed closer to the heart of the mystery that they are trying to unravel, an unknown nemesis is closer to them than they would dare imagine. This unknown adversary is marshaling resources in order to obtain the long hidden secret that Langdon and Sophie appear to be on the brink of discovering. It is one that has the potential to have earth shattering implications.<br/><br/>This is a fast-paced, plot driven, rather than character driven, thriller. It hurls itself into the reader's consciousness at break-neck speed, and before the reader realizes it, the book holds the reader in its thrall: hook, line, and sinker. For those readers who love historical detail and unusual facts and coincidences, this is definitely a fascinating book that will hold their interest. It is a page-turning thriller in which nearly every chapter leaves the reader on the brink of a precipice. The book is written in clear, effortless prose, which makes the most esoteric historical details surprisingly easy to understand. Simple in its presentation but intricate in its plotting, it is no surprise that this book has become a runaway, international bestseller. Bravo!
 With an open mind and willingness to see and accept beyond what is considered the standard way of life, "The Da Vinci Code" has opened new ground.<br/><br/>Am I saying "ALL" of what was written in the book is an absolute 100% fact??? No, but a lot of it does have the ringing of truth to it. You can't help but question all the discrepencies the author has put forth and want to know the truth. I guess it all really depends on how open the person is and how serious they are to find the real truth. But, make no mistake, the clues and discrepencies are all there which leads to the, oh, so many questions.<br/><br/>For example, the questions as to how the church really began and sustained for all those centuries is a major question. Maybe no one really wants those questions answered, but a lot of us do even if you don't like the answers. Once again, open your mind to the possibilities.<br/><br/>Also, the true origin of the bible leaves a lot of questions behind and only a confident, open minded person will see the truth behind what we, as a society, have been force fed since birth. Just look. Did God really, from heaven, fax us a copy of the one true bible??? No, I guess not, and the author does an excellent job explaining the manipulation and deceit of people in power who are trying to stay in power through religion.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has taken all these mysteries and questions and ran with it. "The Da Vinci Code" is a fantastic book. Very deep. Very enlightening. Very thrilling. Very moving.<br/><br/>Close minded people may say the book is horrid, evil, heretic... etc, but it isn't. THE BOOK IS AN EYE OPENER IF YOU AREN'T AFRAID TO SEE WHAT IS REALLY THERE.<br/><br/>I am reminded a lot of the fantastic book "The Mists of Avalon" and the battle between between christianity and the nature/pagan religion.<br/><br/>Take a moment and read "Da Vinci Code" and see if anything at all makes you question what you already believe to be true. If so, then Mr. Brown has done his job.
 Reviewer Steven Reynolds sums it up nicely, but since I write these reviews primarily for my own benefit, I can't rely on his words to describe my experience.<br/><br/>So here are my words: a gruesome murder and its symbolic aftermath; a rock star of a Harvard symbologist who can't recognize the Star of David as two intersecting triangles; two-page chapters flying past, with every other chapter returning to our hero the rock star symbologist; 450 pages in two sessions of roughly 3 hours each; character development, what character development?; albino assassin working for Catholic conspirators, Priory of Sion conspirators, Templar conspirators; the Holy Grail; Mary Magadalene and Jesus; the exact same double-bluff tricks from Angels and Demons with bad guys as good guys as bad guys; and it all ends in such an unsatisfying way.<br/><br/>Perhaps I would be willing to give Dan Brown a free pass on this if this novel weren't so darned successful. I don't resent the success per se. Instead I despise the fact that this author has managed to stir up so much controversy (and so many revenues) without actually understanding the material he's writing about. For a novel that purports to be an intellectual tour de force, this book is filled with errors even a college freshman with Wikipedia could catch. (Example: Brown actually has a character assert that the name "YHWH" derives from the name "Jehovah," when in fact the reverse is the case.) Every time "Harrison Ford in tweed" discussed the mysterious organizations, themes, and locales that run throughout the book---whether Saint-Sulpice, Rosslyn Chapel, the Priory of Sion, etc.---my mind would scream out for someone on Langdon's dissertation commitee to call and revoke his degree. The Priory of Sion was exposed as a 20th century hoax, yet Brown insists on telling readers in his introductory "fact" note that this demonstrated forgery was a secret society founded in 1099. His characters, allegedly renowned scholars no less, recite their conspiracy theories like stoned undergraduates at a late night party shocking one another with earnestly repeated urban legends. After a while, the college stoner conspiracy crap lost its charm, and by the time the end of the book was approaching, I realized that the author had already shot his main goods in the chapter on Jesus and Mary Magdalene as lovers. THAT was the controversy that made this book sell. THAT was the real secret of the book, and not the farcical Grail that Langdon pursues until the very last page. Revealing to a world of Christians that their religion was bound up in the vagaries and contingencies of history, and that there are aspects to this religion that have been lost or hidden, made for controversy and good sales.<br/><br/>This could have been a much better book, even a great book, in the hands of a real writer and researcher. As it is, The Da Vinci Code is merely the scandalously popular and criminally overrated work of a mediocre, hamfisted hack.
 I don't have much to add to my title. Anyone who doesn't know the plot details won't discover them here, but I'll offer this advice: if you want a fun, fast-moving, less deep than you've probably heard reading experience, you won't go wrong here. Also, don't forget, this is FICTION, folks, fiction. Made up. Don't let it change your outlook on reality because you're not really being initiated into a secret; and also don't let it rile you up in unnecessary defense of Christianity--Christianity will survive this book. TDVC is just a story. That's all. And not a bad one at that, although I did find myself at the end thinking, "OK, so there's this "sacred feminine" earth goddess religion here that's survived underground in neo-Gnostic fashion. Why is it any better than Christianity? With its ritual orgies and inbreeding caste lines....why is it necessarily superior to Christianity?"<br/><br/>But, hey, TDVC delivered on its promise of a (mostly) suspenseful story and gave me my money's worth. I wish everyone would calm down: it's just somebody's novel, not a blueprint for a new faith and not a knockout blow to the followers of Jesus.
 The premise of this book is that Christ married Mary Magdalene and had children with her.  Their bloodline eventually ends up sitting on the throne of France.  A nerdy historian has to fight against all odds to help protect the line as well as his own life.<br/><br/>This book pretty much reads like a dime store novel.  It is not the page turner people make it out to be.  In fact the whole premise of the story is a rip off of other books including Da Vinci Legacy, and Holy Blood Holy Grail.  This author keeps it just above outright plagiarism and has won a few court cases challenging its originality.  If you have read either of these two books you will wonder how it wasn't absolute pure plagiarism.<br/><br/>Where does all of the controversy come from you might ask?  At the beginning of the book the author prefaces things by saying everything is factual.  Ok so nothing in it is factual, it is a work of fiction.  If you are aware of history then none of this will bother you.  However if you don't really know that much you might believe the things written inside it.  They talk about a vote on whether Christ was divine was very close.  The actual vote was like 300-2.  The fact of Christ's divinity was never in question the vote reflected how the Church wanted to define or verbalize it.  I am no fan of the Catholic Church and know that their history can be attacked on numerous fronts; however this book is not up to the challenge.<br/><br/>Other facts that this book presents are that the Louvre's glass pyramid is made up of 666 panes. Again not true.  This can be refuted by the hundreds of morons that actually went and counted them and came up with 690 or so.<br/><br/>No controversy would have existed had the author not prefaced that his book was a fictional story surrounded by solid facts.  No one would have taken the book seriously without that preface and that is why the author included it.<br/><br/>The three star rating does not reflect this misinformation at all.  The three star rating reflects the stolen story line, poor writing, and hollow character development.  I feel sorry for all of you that think this is a well written and suspenseful book.  Perhaps you would like the Tenth Justice.  It is equally predictable and poorly written.
 This is a very entertaining book. Period. If you're looking for a light read that will help you kill time at the airport or if you wanna read something during the summer while you take the sun at your favorite beach, then this is the book for you.<br/><br/>It's fast-paced and very engaging. The characters are (most of the time) believable and you'll find yourself turning the pages to find out what happens next. It's about 500 pages and if you read fast, you will have finished it in less than a week.<br/><br/>But stay away from it if you are looking for a masterpiece of literature. And that is the problem with most so called critics here. They can't accept this book for what it is: a story written to entertain us. It will not answer whatever questions you may have about God, life or religion. It's just a simple story, albeit a gripping one.<br/><br/>Read Shakespeare if you want some heavy reading.
 It's easy to get lost in this story of religious artifacts and secret societies. The author stays away from romance, for the most part, which is a nice change. This is a classic thriller (minus the token romance) about a secret code related to Leonardo Da Vinci and a secret society that is hiding the Holy Grail, protecting it against the most conservative of Catholics. Ludicrous stuff, but entertaining.<br/>The narrator does a fairly good job, but I have a few quibbles. First, the female voice he does is not convincing and may make you laugh out loud. His French accent is not bad, but it is cookie-cutter variety. His British accent needs some work, and his Scottish is, well, not Scottish. He paces the story well, however, and keeps us entertained.<br/>In the abridging of the text, a few substantive errors have crept in. For one, the heroine lets slip to another character that her grandfather was involved in the secret society, but later on when she mentions it a second time to the same character he reacts with great surprise.<br/>The Da Vinci Code would likely make for a better read than a listen, but it will help pass the hours on the interestate.
 So, considering this book's success I'm not going to try and disuade everyone from reading this. Too many people like it, so that's fine. I will, however, put out my warning flares to certain readers...<br/><br/>If you like quality literary fiction and if you like well-crafted commercial fiction (James Lee Burke, John Grisham, even Michael Crichton, for example) this might not be the book for you. The writing is poor. This is that sort of novel that somebody who never reads fiction might say, "If I had the time I could write this..." And he'd be right. I found this very frustrating line for line. I couldn't count the number of times that some "surprising" revelation left the characters "stupefied", "amazed", "incredulous", etc, etc. It happens on almost every page. And that's part of the problem.<br/><br/>This novel is written for very short attention spans. Brown wants to make sure he's hooked his readers back in on almost every page. Is that bad? Well, yes, for me it is when it's cheap tricks and poor writing that he's using to do it. I've never read a novel that pretended to be intellectual and yet spoke down to it's audience again and again. Believe me, any time that Brown's characters uncover something the author makes it painfully obvious to the reader, as if he wants to make sure you haven't missed it, haven't misunderstood, aren't confused...<br/><br/>This novel is fine for people who aren't bothered about quality writing. It's probably a great one for people who don't often read fiction. You can enjoy this even if you're barely literate. Yes, he mentions European places and art and historical figures and the Bible, but this is not complicated material. He does have at the core an interesting idea - a secret that suggests an entirely different take on what Christianity should've been. But this could be stated in two well-crafted sentences. Really. I could write the whole mysterious premise of this book in about fifty words. The fact that Dan Brown managed to spin that into one of the biggest books in history is amazing - but not for the right reasons.<br/><br/>You may be prompted to buy this just because it's so massively successful. But bulk sales actually suggest low quality. This is good the way McDonald's is the biggest restaurant chain in the world and therefore must have the best food. It's good the way Mexico City is so full of people it must be a great place to live. It's good in the way that Taco Bell must make the best Mexican food. It's good in the way that Britney Spears must be one of the world's best singers...<br/><br/>I know, I'm reaching about, but it's true. The fact that this book is so popular doesn't mean it MUST be that good. It means it CAN'T be that good. Ironic, I know. I'm not out to tell the masses not to buy this. I don't hate Dan Brown for becoming a millionaire. But I do want to say to people who've been told this is a new, American Umberto Eco that that's simply not true. If Umberto Eco had written on this topic the book would've been wonderful, complex, intelligent. And it would've sold about 15 million LESS copies.<br/><br/>People who are borderline on buying this might as well not buy it. Wait until the movie comes out. I've no doubt that they'll be able to fleshs this out, give credible actors the job of bringing it to life, rewrite the dialogue and improve the plotting. Then it might be interesting. Yes, I am saying that this is one book that'll probably be better as a movie. That doesn't happen often, but this novel is thin enough in terms of plot and character to give a filmaker the freedom to make it better. I bet they will.
 The presentation of DaVinci Code in this format makes a difference. While I love the high concept and the absolute cleverness of the puzzles, when I originally read DaVinci Code in paperback, I was inclined to give a three. Why? The main character to me is too flat, even for a thriller, no real depth or convincing characteristics. Dialogue really bothered me. Where some novelists stop a novel to write mini-essays (Crichton comes to mind, but I enjoy those), long speeches from characters is less effective to me than narrative intrusion. But I still can't dismiss DaVinci code because it's just plain clever. I'm thinking more of the great puzzles than the outcome (the fictional outcome that seems to outrage everyone). I'm delighted (as a novelist) when a novelist breaks through in such a substantive way. Kudos to Dan Brown all the way. I'm a fan. But, frankly, I enjoyed his earlier novels far more (especially Deception Point and even Angels and Demons).<br/><br/>But this illustrated edition is magnificent. Clues I "missed" were readily apparent. Things I thought were just "narrative license" became feasible enough for suspended disbelief when the prose is juxtopositioned against these lush illustrations. The Last Supper rendering is better than reproductions in non fiction books in my library. It was really nice to see a novel in this format, even at this price tag.<br/><br/>And, again, I do think Dan Brown is high concept and successful for a reason. This just isn't my favorite of his novels. I read, recently, where he plans on sticking to this main character in all future novels. That's a shame, to me. His characters in Deception Point were far more engaging!<br/><br/>Overall, a good investment for your library. For a good read, yes, it's still a good read in spite of my quibbles on character and dialogue. Why? Because you can't beat those delightful puzzles and the high concept pitch. But I see DaVinci Code as fun, not controversial.
 The book is definitely fast paced, and I had a difficult time putting it down.  I enjoyed it, but was occasionally distracted by the fact that he'd refer to some tantalizing piece of information that won't be fully explained till chapters later.  In the mean time, he keeps telling you that's important.  I'm thinking specifically of what Sophie witnessed when she went to visit her grandfather.<br/>Considering how much this book refers to certain pieces of art, I wish they'd been included in the book.  I mean, so many books have pictures/photos these days, why not this one, which just begs for it?  I found out this morning, however, that his website has them on there.  I suppose that's better than nothing, but what about the people who don't have computers at home?  I was motivated enough, however, to go to the library to hunt down some of the pictures after I finished the book.  I think if I'd had the pictures to refer to while I was reading it would have been even better.<br/>But it's a good read regardless.  I think this book would be a good one to make into a movie.  The visual possibilities have me drooling....  Hey, Spielberg, you listening?  :-)
 This is one of the most preposterous books I've ever read.  There are so many plot holes, mis-stated and misrepresented "facts", poorly reasoned out theories that I honestly had a headache from all the times I hit my forehead with my hand. The author name drops a lot of information; I get the feeling though that he doesn't fully understand it, because it's just not portrayed accurately.<br/><br/>The book mentions the concept of the "preuve de mérite".  Meaning, the fact that you can solve a cipher proves that you deserve to read the secret.  This book seemed to me the antithesis of that.  If you're smart enough to know the histories involved, and to grasp the concept of reason and logic, you'll know that a lot of this is hogwash.  In which case you may want to run from this book as fast as you can.<br/><br/>And yet the book is just fun to read, sucking you right along because you can't wait to see the next preposterous conspiracy he has in store.  Just make sure you keep a bottle of pain reliever next to you for the duration.
 Three-and-a-half stars.<br/><br/>Dan Brown may not be the greatest literary force of the modern world, but he can sure generate controversy (and book sales) with his writing.  He takes the literal Holy Grail of all Holy Grails and thrusts it into a web of deceit and treason by way of the historically-questioned Priory of Scion and the Catholic Church.<br/><br/>The basics of the story are that four essential members of the Priory have been murdered, an American professor, Robert Langdon, has been framed for their murder, and pretty much all of France is after him.  He is aided by a French cryptologist, Sophie Neveu.  He's being chased by a number of people (including a misguided, albino monk) and seeks out the help of others in hopes to prove his innocence.  As the story barrels along at a very quick pace, it is determined that the answer to everyone's problems lies with the discovery of the Holy Grail.<br/><br/>I won't go into the numerous inaccuracies of Brown's revised history.  I won't bother with the whole Christianity vs. Dan Brown aspect either.  Just realize that this book is FICTION.  If you base your soul's destiny on a work of fiction, God help you.  If you base your arguments of why Christianity (Catholicism in particular in this book) is false, controversial, etc. on this book, then you have no weight to your arguments.  This is fiction and nothing else.  I sometimes wonder that had the Christian community kept quiet about this book, then perhaps it wouldn't have garnered the attention that it has received.<br/><br/>In short, "The Da Vinci Code" is nothing more than an above average adventure/mystery that ranks somewhere between the tech-heavy Clive Cussler books and the scientifically exciting Steve Alten "Meg" series.  Brown manipulates history and, in some cases, completely fabricates facts to move his story along.  In college, I was always told that when writing something, you should always write about what you know.  Brown seems to have done a little research on his "Code" subject, but he eventually gave in to fabrication in order to make his story the controversy that it has become.<br/><br/>Would I read it again?  Probably not.  Would I suggest it to others?  Sure, if you enjoy fast-paced, easily digested thrillers.  Mildly recommended.<br/><br/>P.S.  In case you're wondering, I am a Catholic who decided to read this book just to see what all the ruckus was about.  I still believe that Jesus is my Savior and I still believe that He never married Mary Magdelene or had any offspring with her (or any other woman for that matter).
 Dan Brown is the author of numerous #1 bestsellers, including Digital Fortress, Angels &amp; Demons, and Deception Point. His acclaimed novel-The Da Vinci Code-has become one of the most widely read novels in history, breaking numerous records as the `best selling adult novel of all time within a one-year period.'<br/><br/>Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman, the Oscar®-winning director and writer of "A Beautiful Mind,' have now reunited to bring Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code to the silver screen in May, 2006.<br/><br/>Author Dan Brown has written a thriller story involving secret societies, conspiracies, the Catholic Church, and the fictional "truth" about Jesus Christ. Brown's story alleges that the Catholic Church is perpetuating a centuries-long conspiracy to hide the "truth" about Jesus Christ from the public, and it or its agents are willing to stop at nothing, including murder, to do so.<br/><br/>The author's own word neatly summarizes the storyline:<br/><br/>"A renowned Harvard symbologist is summoned to the Louvre Museum to examine a series of cryptic symbols relating to (Leonardo) Da Vinci's artwork. In decrypting the code, he uncovers the key to one of the greatest mysteries of all time...and he becomes a hunted man."<br/><br/>Several of the points that the book promotes have provided the grist for extensive media coverage. These include:<br/><br/>* Jesus is not God; he was only man.<br/><br/>* Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene.<br/><br/>* Mary Magdalene is to be worshiped as a goddess.<br/><br/>* Jesus got her pregnant, and the two had a daughter.<br/><br/>* The Bible was put together by a pagan Roman emperor.<br/><br/>While the book is an excellent read, those with little knowledge of history have accepted this novel as factual. And Brown, to stimulate sales, has gone out of his way to perpetuate this myth by stating that it was meticulously researched. The reader is advised to investigate several available websites detailing "the research" and Brown's lack of regard for facts.
 The first word in Dan Brown's infamous novel "The Da Vinci Code," after the title page but before the prologue in which the story begins, is "FACT."  What follows is a five-sentence author's note, in which Brown claims to have based his book on solid research: "The Priory of Sion - a European secret society founded in 1099 - is a real organization. . . . All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals in this novel are accurate."  In interviews, the claims he's made have been even less modest: "99 percent of it is true"; "Absolutely all of it" is based on things that actually happened; "All that is fiction . . . is that there's a Harvard symbologist named Robert Langdon, and all of his action is fictionalized.  But the background is all true."<br/><br/>The most important thing you need to know if you're thinking of reading "The Da Vinci Code" is this: Dan Brown's version of history is bunk.<br/><br/>I'd love to list all the errors, fabrications, and bits of outright nonsense that made their way into this novel, but such a review would take me several days to write, and whole books have been written on the subject already.  Not even the title gets a pass: historians and scholars refer to the consummate Renaissance man as "Leonardo," not "Da Vinci"; he didn't have a surname or family name in the modern sense.  The Priory of Sion did indeed exist - for about six months in 1956; the documents "proving" its antiquity have been proven to be part of an elaborate hoax.  And while Brown readily admits that there is no Harvard symbologist named Robert Langdon, he's less forthcoming about the fact that there's actually no such profession as "symbologist," at Harvard or anywhere else.  (A real-life Robert Langdon would probably call himself an art historian with a specialty in religious iconography - a less juicy job title, but then, in real life it's much less juicy a job.)<br/><br/>Granted, these have been fairly minor concerns.  The demonymic "da Vinci" is, to English-speaking non-specialists at least, more uniquely associated with the great artist than the given name "Leonardo."  There probably is no serious academic who does exactly what Robert Langdon does, so why shouldn't Dan Brown invent a job title for him?  Hoaxes, pseudosciences, and conspiracy theories are fair and fertile ground for fiction, and Brown's use of the Priory of Sion would have been utterly delightful if he weren't claiming, years after it was definitively revealed as a hoax, that it was real.  The text of the novel, however, is full of similar inaccuracies, as well as serious misrepresentations of European political, cultural, and religious history and Christian theology.  Brown exaggerates, oversimplifies, omits, and flat-out fabricates at every turn to force the pieces to fit the puzzle he's building.  Fortunately and unfortunately, he succeeds brilliantly and creates a seamless thriller that even readers who know better may be able to suspend their disbelief long enough to enjoy.  Readers with little or no background in art history, European history, Christian theology, and/or linguistics, however, may find themselves believing they've learned something from the juicy lectures his characters regularly deliver in between the brief, exciting action sequences.<br/><br/>Everyone who's not a complete snob has a guilty pleasure or two, and Dan Brown's variety of brainy trash is one of mine.  The writing is mediocre at best, the characters are appealing but bland.  Still, I can't deny how much fun I had reading this book.  Unless you've spent the past decade holed up somewhere beyond the reach of modern media, you probably already know the controversial big secret of which Robert Langdon and his cryptologist companion Sophie Neveu find themselves in desperate pursuit (and this "secret" is, in fact, a theory already proposed in a number of nonfiction works, although I doubt anyone but Dan Brown has ever called Michael Baigent or Margaret Starbird a "real historian"), but this symbologic scavenger hunt plays out against the background of a modern-day murder mystery with as many devious twists and turns as one could wish.<br/><br/>I recommend this book strictly as a guilty pleasure (or an unusually entertaining exercise in fault-finding) to those with a strong background in its socio-historical milieu.  If European cultural history isn't your forte, please don't pick up this book unless you're prepared to treat it entirely as the fiction it is.  In any case, I do recommend tracking down a copy of the "Special Illustrated Edition" - it's a most handsome volume, and it's both entertaining and enlightening to be able to compare Brown's descriptions with photographs of actual places, documents, and works of art.  The ability to weigh some of the evidence for yourself adds an element of genuine intellectual exploration to what is otherwise seductively thrilling nonsense.
 The Da Vinci Code is a fast paced, fun thriller that was most definitely designed for the silver screen.  It is crystal clear that Dan Brown seemed to have movie in mind as he wrote the book.  Marked by very short chapter lengths of 1-5 pages, the story moves out quickly and seems ready made for movie adaptation.  I did find the short chapters to be tiresome.  The plotline, putting aside the unique angle of the Holy Grail, is cookie cutter.  Character development is one-dimensional and predictable.<br/>It is worth saying that there is a lot of hype about this book because the tale of the Holy Grail was weaved into it.  There is nothing new or earth shattering in what the author presents on the Holy Grail, Knights Templar, or Mary Magdalene.  Dan Brown breaks no new ground on the religious and historical fronts.  But he does a fair job of mining existing works on the Holy Grail in producing this book.<br/>There are those in Christian circles who are concerned with this book because it purports that Jesus married Mary Magdalene and produced offspring (and that there are direct descendants living among us even today) among the many heretical topics presented in the book.  Those in certain Christian circles are worried that the many readers who are not familiar with Grail mythology might question their faith as a result of being exposed to these ideas.  These ideas are nothing new.  Why try to run away from them or discourage others to not read it?  My retort is simple.  If ideas contrary to your beliefs or understanding of your faith's pillars threaten your faith, you may not have a true faith.
 Seldom in popular fiction do you find such intelligent writing as that<br/>produced by Dan Brown.  In addition to the superbly crafted mystery that<br/> we are privileged to enjoy it is as though you have attended a seminar<br/>on in this case art and religious iconology.<br/>As Brown states at the<br/>start of his book, "All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents<br/> and secret rituals in this novel are accurate. When I am reading a book<br/> by Dan Brown I never feel that I am wasting my time. You might ask if<br/>all this information bogs down the story and the answer is a resounding<br/>"NO".  Brown has the ability to take dry facts and present them in a<br/>fascinating way.  He also brilliantly weaves together many diverse<br/>threads into a coherent and intriguing plot.We first met Professor<br/>Robert Langdon in Brown's previous thriller 'Angels And. Demons'. This<br/>book continues our acquaintance with the compulsive and brilliant<br/>Langdon and introduces the equally clever Sophie Neveu.  She is the<br/>estranged granddaughter of the curator of the Louvre, who is the victim<br/>of a savage murder. As he lays dying he leaves a cryptic message for his<br/> granddaughter and Langdon to decipher. Thrown together by the events<br/>that have occurred they must combine their considerable skills to solve<br/>the complex mystery before it is too late.This book is a must read for mystery buffs and anyone who enjoys intelligent literature!
 You know, kids (and I'm speaking here to the many reviewers who found the book unbelievable), you could use the same arguments to insist that James Bond stories are unbelievable, the Hobbits are just "little people," and that amateur detectives can't solve mysteries better than the police because they don't have the latest hi-tech gear.<br/>And if Mr. Brown takes any of it to heart, I'm sure he cries all the way to the bank.<br/>If you're going to read *anything!* having to do with Knights Templar, the Grail, the early history of the Church, secret societies, or France in general, you need to just sit back and enjoy the nutty ride.<br/>CONS:<br/>The "quick-cut, planning for the movie" style does gets old if not done really well (it's done mostly well).  The flashback transitions are kind of crude, especially at the beginning.<br/>Some of the plot twists (especially at the end) arise from the author's selective portrayal of events in *our* POV (read "misdirection"), rather than the character POV.  This left me feeling a bit manipulated (I prefer the author to have the decency to hide his/her manipulations of me and leave it to my wife to point it out later).<br/>Those familiar with the core backstory elements will find Brown's portrayal of them simplistic, and the novel's experts' acceptance of a sole track of grail lore a bit bothersome.  Those who are unfamiliar with same will find it all very alarming and whacky, especially Christians who've grown up with the "based on historical events" belief set.<br/>PROS:<br/>It's fun.  I stayed up until 4am the other night reading it, and finished it the next night, and I don't usually do that.  A page-turner is a page-turner and that gets points.<br/>Excellent descriptions of place.  People are pretty well-drawn (except Teabing, who comes off as dialog and crutches); but even when you lose track of who is saying or thinking what, they are drawn well enough that you can almost always work it out without back-tracking.<br/>Despite my problems with Brown's interpretations of research (and "Hello!" this is a novel), there's been a lot of new research since Holy Grail, Holy Blood was published in the early 80's.  It's probably all bunk, but it's bunk that surrounds the very human creation of the Catholic Church in the 3rd century, which is not well-documented, the events of which very much were shrouded in secrecy, and which goes to the heart of the faith that dominates Western thinking.  I find this fascinating.<br/>VERDICT:  A great airplane or beach book.  Whether you want to read it as part of your daily dose of novels will probably depend on personal preferences.  I'm a one novel every month or so kind of guy, and I sucked it down in four days.
 Is there any point adding one more assessment to the 3000-plus already on this site? Probably not, but I will make a few general comments.<br/><br/>It is staggering beyond belief that despite the obvious absurdity of so many of Brown's contentions to anyone with even a smattering of knowledge of ancient history or art criticism, despite the fact that numerous books have already been written showing how totally wrong it all is - despite all this, so many reviewers are saying things like "the research is correct" and "the book is full of historical facts".<br/><br/>Then some add, "But the book is fiction". So it is - virtually everything it says is fiction. But the plot is totally driven by the "revelations" about Mary Magdalen and the Catholic Church that take up so many of its pages. Brown himself claims that "the ancient history, the secret documents, the rituals, all of this is factual." If he had said that everything in the book is fiction, would it ever have become a mega-best-seller?<br/><br/>The stupendous irony of this book is that Brown constantly warns against taking historical allegations as true, and yet he expects people to believe him when he alleges (with no real evidence whatsoever) that he is right and all the historians are wrong. Even more incredible is the fact that most of his readers appear to accept his statements as fact, even when you only need to look at da Vinci's paintings to see how nonsensical some of them are.<br/><br/>The problem is not just that there are errors in The Da Vinci Code, but that the whole book is such a bloated mass of error that it makes the works of Joseph Goebbels look accurate by comparison.<br/><br/>To take just a few of the big lies:<br/><br/>1. One of Brown's central claims is that the emperor Constantine called the Council of Nicea to declare that Christ was divine because it would boost his own power, and then had a new set of gospels written to replace the old Gnostic gospels that were not sympathetic to his cause. The facts are: a) The claim is ridiculous, because the Christians were a politically insignificant minority in the empire and there was no indication that they would ever be anything else, and in any case, how was belief in a divine saviour going to affect his power base? b) There is massive historical evidence that belief in the divinity of Christ was virtually universal prior to Nicea. c) The first well-known Christian to deny the divinity of Christ was Arius in the early fourth century. d) The Council of Nicea was called precisely to deal with the problem of Arius and his followers, which was the greatest crisis the Church had ever faced, though Brown conveniently neglects to mention it. e) The contents of the New Testament, which had been debated for a long time, had been pretty much decided (as identical to the New Testament we know today) by about the middle of the third century. The Council of Nicea did not even discuss it. f) Constantine himself played no part in the Council and certainly did not propose what it should decide. He left those details to the bishops. g) The Christians of the time were fiercely proud of their faith, and thousands of them went to their death rather than deny any aspect of it. They would never have tolerated Constantine or anyone else tampering with the sacred books of scripture, let alone rewriting them; yet there is no evidence of any complaints about Constantine's actions. h) The four accepted Gospels, far from replacing the Gnostic gospels, predated them by a couple of centuries. In fact, one of the reasons why the Gnostic gospels were not accepted was that they had been composed too recently. i) Ironically, Constantine himself, rather than trying to get the Church to accept the divinity of Christ, later incurred the censure of the Church for siding with the Arians.<br/><br/>2. As for the absurd claim that Mary Magdalen was married to Christ, a claim which is absolutely central to the book, Brown proposes no evidence for it at all, apart from the quote from the Gospel of Philip which says that Magdalen was the "companion of the Saviour"  and that he used to kiss her on the mouth; this, despite the fact that the original text of the Gospel of Philip is damaged and merely says "companion of the..." and also omits the word "mouth". And Brown claims that any Aramaic scholar would tell you that "companion" means "spouse"; true, this is one possible meaning, but what would he make of Mat. 23:30, in which Jesus quotes the Pharisees as saying "If we had lived in the days of our fathers, we would not have been companions of theirs in shedding the blood of the prophets"? And why speak of Aramaic scholars, when the Gospel of Philip was written in Coptic? Brown does not point out that the Second Apocalypse of James says that Jesus used to kiss James on the mouth; for to the Gnostics, the kiss was not sexual but a symbol of the transfer of knowledge. Nor does he mention the many Gnostic works that undermine his concept of the "sacred feminine", e.g. the best-known Gnostic work of all, the Gospel of Thomas, has Jesus saying of Mary: "I shall guide her to make her male, so that she too may become a living spirit resembling you males. For every female who makes herself male will enter the Kingdom of Heaven." As a result of his highly selective quotations, Brown is able to make the ridiculous claim that the Catholic Church suppressed all this information because it was opposed to sex. Like so many of his claims, this is not merely false but the very reverse of the truth. In reality, the Church has always taught that sex is part of God's plan for the human race; it was the Gnostics who believed that the flesh is evil and therefore that sex is evil.<br/><br/>3. As for the Priory of Sion, well, the truth of that story has been told many times; check up on the net if you want to know more. And for all the literally hundreds of other lies, mistakes and falsehoods in the book, it would take another book to explain them all; fortunately, several such books have already been written.<br/><br/>4. And finally, what about Dan Brown, possibly the highest-paid author in history? Does he really care?
 "The Da Vinci Code" is a fast-paced page turner that is definitely worth reading.  Similar in style to "Angels &amp; Demons", I much preferred this book because the ending was much more cohesive.  Overall the storyline was much tighter and a little less predictable than "Angels &amp; Demons".<br/><br/>Robert Landon is once again the hero of the book.  In this case he finds himself being questioned about a murder which has taken place at the Louvre, and quickly learns he is also the prime suspect.  He soon finds himself on a quest to find the Holy Grail.  Unlike "Angels &amp; Demons", where the course of the investigation was apparent pretty much from the start of the book, "The Da Vinci Code" doesn't have such an obvious path, which makes it more interesting for the reader.  The character choices though, are fairly similar, which is one of the weaknesses of the book for those who have read Dan Brown's other books.<br/><br/>The biggest weakness would be the faulty history which is used to construct the story.  It is true that one should not expect historical accuracy in a fiction book, however, at the same time other authors I have read have been more responsible by included a section at the end where they discuss what is true and what was altered in the interests of a better story.  Dan Brown not only doesn't do this, but instead strongly implies at the start of the book, that most of the basis for his story is true.  He states: "All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals in this novel are accurate", but unfortunately that statement is not correct.  Comments his characters make about the Dead Sea Scrolls, Da Vinci's art, and even some of the architecture are simply wrong or are misleading to say the least.  Many of the historical statements are also inaccurate, which is one of the primary causes of the controversy surrounding the book.<br/><br/>Despite that rather big flaw, when taken as fiction this is a very enjoyable book, and if you enjoy thrillers and conspiracy books you will almost certainly like this too.
 For a while I resisted reading this book, thinking that it could not possibly be as good as its hype. Well, I was wrong. This is simply one terrific book that will keep the reader riveted to its pages until the very last one is turned. It is a very well-written, intricately plotted thriller in which a great number of esoteric historical facts and interesting theories of a religious nature are woven. Those who read it should, first and foremost, keep in mind that this book is simply a work of fiction.<br/><br/>All hell breaks loose when Jacques Sauniere, the elderly and revered curator of the Louvre, is murdered inside the museum. The crime scene and the body itself are laden with symbols and cryptic messages pointing to renowned Harvard symbologist, Robert Langdon. He is invited to the crime scene by the wily Captain Bezu Fache, of the Central Directorate Judicial Police, the French equivalent of our Federal Bureau of Investigation, ostensibly to assist the police. Little does Langdon know that he is, in fact, the prime suspect.<br/><br/>When he meets police cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, they join forces. They are then led on a merry chase by a series of riddles and ciphers that are ground in a historical context. They are always just one step of the French police, who seem determined to charge Langdon with the murder of Jacques Sauniere. During their voyage of discovery, Langdon and Sophie come across a secret society, the Priory of Sion, that has a startling list of former members, which list includes Leonardo Da Vinci, as well as the late Jacques Sauniere. There is also some interesting historical detail about the ancient Knights Templar, as well as Opus Dei, a conservative religious organization currently in existence.<br/><br/>Langdon and Sophie peel back layers of historical clues that point to a secret of such magnitude that some would kill for it. As Langdon and Sophie surreptitiously travel from France to England and seem to be headed closer to the heart of the mystery that they are trying to unravel, an unknown nemesis is closer to them than they would dare imagine. This unknown adversary is marshaling resources in order to obtain the long hidden secret that Langdon and Sophie appear to be on the brink of discovering. It is one that has the potential to have earth shattering implications.<br/><br/>This is a fast-paced, plot driven, rather than character driven, thriller. It hurls itself into the reader's consciousness at break-neck speed, and before the reader realizes it, the book holds the reader in its thrall: hook, line, and sinker. For those readers who love historical detail and unusual facts and coincidences, this is definitely a fascinating book that will hold their interest. It is a page-turning thriller in which nearly every chapter leaves the reader on the brink of a precipice. The book is written in clear, effortless prose, which makes the most esoteric historical details surprisingly easy to understand. Simple in its presentation but intricate in its plotting, it is no surprise that this book has become a runaway, international bestseller. Bravo!
 The popularity of this book would leave me speechless if I were the type to become speechless at the human race's endless ability to enjoy tripe served up on a flashily painted tin plate thinly disguised as gold.<br/><br/>The notion of a literary thriller peppered with arcane clues and historical mysteries sounded enthralling. I received the book as a gift from a friend who had read some highly favourable reviews of the book. Alas! Not two pages into the novel, I was shaking my head and muttering, "What on earth? This is supposed to be a book of literary merit?"<br/><br/>Let's be clear: "The Da Vinci Code" has no literary merit. Its chapters are short (in some cases, two pages long - you know you're in for something rudimentary and melodramatic when the chapters are this short); its vocabulary is largely monosyllabic and excessively simple; its characters are stock and written without any depth whatsoever; its plot is a rehashing of old dishes of conspiracy theorists the world over; its mysteries are ludicrously contrived and so simple a child could see through them; it owes much of its ideas to "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail" (a non-fiction book which is actually fiction, written by three men who unfortunately prefer the Rennes-le-Château hoax to the reality - but at least their book contains more originality than this dreadful novel!) and other sources; its situations are gasp, shock, horror, oh dear, BLAND beyond conceiving...<br/><br/>What really sets the seal on this conglomeration of badly written material is that the author, Dan Brown, actually believes the nonsense he has written. At least half of the book's appeal has been (as you can see when you read some of the reviews below) the concept that this is all true; that a massive conspiracy has been in place, perpetrated naturally by that favourite modern villain, the Catholic church.<br/><br/>If you're one of those convinced that there really is a secret society called the Priory of Sion, please do check the legitimate historical sources. The book by Putnam and Wood, called "Treasures of Rennes-le-Chateau" (pardon the absence of the accent mark - Amazon does terrible things with them!), sets the record straight; or just check Paul Smith's website, or the extremely thorough article at  ...], which gives references, links and the irrefutable evidence that shows just how thoroughly debunked the matter is.<br/><br/>If you are convinced that Opus Dei really is an evil Catholic organisation whose members include albino assassins and which advocates self-flagellation, check their website - you'll understand why Opus Dei is taken aback and offended by its ridiculous portrayal in the novel.<br/><br/>If you truly believe that Dan Brown is correct in saying the figure of John in the painting referred to in the book is actually Mary Magdalene, you should check a good history of art; you'll learn that John is typically portrayed as a youngster - NOT A WOMAN, but as a beardless youth. This is simply how he is seen in Renaissance and later painting. To concoct a Mary Magdalene story out of that is... well, let's call it<br/><br/>inartistic licence.<br/><br/>If you think Dan Brown is right in claiming that the Mona Lisa is a self-portrait by Da Vinci, take a proper look at the substantiated, authentic history of the painting. The model is known, and surprise, surprise... it's not Da Vinci at all. It's actually a woman.<br/><br/>None of this would matter so much in a novel (which is, after all, supposed to take liberties with facts!) if it were not for Dan Brown's own claim that much of what he wrote is NOT fiction... but fact.<br/><br/>The recent debacle of the court case (Dan Brown vs the authors of Holy Blood and the Holy Grail, aka Henry Lincoln et al) in which Dan Brown was forced to admit that, although he claimed to have done intense research for the book, it's a case of "I left the research up to my wife, actually", demonstrates how shallow the actual research was. We can't really dignify it by the word "research" - not with Mr Brown actually believing the misinformation was legitimate and true.<br/><br/>Some people have called this book a page-turner. Some have said that, well, it's not great literature, but it's a fascinating book, and they couldn't put it down.<br/><br/>What can I say to this? I found the book a chore to read. I read it ONLY because it was a gift, and because I was grimly determined to finish it, hand it back to the friend who'd given it to me, and say, "Now it's your turn to read this." She read it... and couldn't stop apologising all the way through, because it didn't take her many pages to realise the book was a thin, shallow, poorly written work with ridiculous characterisation.<br/><br/>Its popularity must be due to its very clever marketing, to the love human beings have for an arcane mystery (especially when it's a mystery and conspiracy theory that declares Christianity is terribly deceived, the Church (capitalised as all good villains are) has been holding back "The Truth", and a secret society filled with luminaries through the ages has been handing on the bright flame of what REALLY happened), and to the inexplicable liking many people have for poorly written novels. I enjoy novels that are purely genre fiction as well - but there's just NOTHING of substance in the style of this book. Not even as escapist fiction does it work for me.<br/><br/>The so-called codes or clues of the novel sounded like such a good idea, but Dan Brown clearly has no conception of the purpose of encryption. The clues are just silly; the encryption laughable (how could anyone forget the atrocious mirror-writing clue?); and the whole thing a badly cobbled-together series of one meaningless clue to another. This makes no sense at all; it makes ludicrous the very employment of encryption in the first place.<br/><br/>If you're expecting a high quality novel, you will be disappointed. If you're expecting well-developed characters, you will be disappointed. If you are expecting original ideas, you will be disappointed. In fact... for what WOULD you hope when reading this? If you want some easy and not-too-demanding entertainment, try the thrillers of Tom Clancy; John Grisham; Jonathan Kellerman; Agatha Christie; Ngaio Marsh; Alistair MacLean; Ellis Peters; and so on.<br/><br/>If you want something richer but also using the idea of historical mysteries, read Neal Donaldson's "Cryptonomicon", Umberto Eco's "Name of the Rose" or "Foucault's Pendulum", or Arturo Perez-Reverte's "The Dumas Club" instead... unless you truly wish to swim in the murky mud of Dan Brown's badly researched imagination.
 THE DA VINCI CODE is disappointing.  The problem is not that the book isn't fast paced and suspenseful - it is to both.  But that's all it is.  There are plenty of "hooks" and plot twists, but they occur on a page-to-page level.  Once the story is established as a quest for the Holy Grail, the arc of the plot becomes highly predictable.  That the story is about the search for the actual Holy Grail, and the biggest conspiracy in the history of western civilization, is another problem.  The scope is as big as it seems.  The suspension of disbelief becomes shaky less than halfway through the book and never recovers (side diatribes about the theological implications of THE LITTLE MERMAID don't help matters).  As if that weren't bad enough, after we come to realize the story really is about the search for the Grail, even after its "true nature" is revealed, even after it is actually located... we don't get to see it.  Had the book ended with some doubt about whether the Grail - and the massive conspiracy about it -- was real, hiding it would have worked.  But by the end of the book there is no doubt about its authenticity.  We are told somewhere in the middle of the story what type of thing the Grail really is (it isn't a cup), but we don't learn much more about it once its location is discovered.  The whole thing has the unpleasant smell of the new-age self-help book, THE CELESTINE PROPHESY.  Well, it wasn't quite that bad - but precisely because it wasn't that bad, it was even more disappointing.
 I read The Da Vinci Code a number of years ago. And it still is the standard. Not exactly a thriller, but a suspense-driven story that never ceases to move you along. Maybe the first block buster of its kind and remains controversial today because of its "realistic" portrayal of events that "prove" that Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene were married. That was unsettling for many folks. However, there is a book whose premise potentially trumps that controversial assumption. SEALED UP <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Sealed-Up-The-Course-of-Fate-Book-One/dp/0997455705/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sealed Up: The Course of Fate: Book One</a> by author, Steve Dunn Hanson, is every bit the puzzle that the Da Vinci Code is and maybe more realistically written with even a little Indiana Jones thrown in. However, there is no comparison between the two in the disruption that will occur if what is portrayed in SEALED UP actually occurs. The startling thing is that I think SEALED UP is so believable, it just might happen!
 The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown is unlike any other piece of fiction, long or short—or any piece of nonfiction, for that matter—I have ever read. After reading many dozens of works of nonfiction, including my grandfather’s encyclopedia collection (2 sets), and over 100 novels and countless short stories, I came to this little book, expecting so much—and was left overwhelmingly disappointed, not to mention dazed and confused.<br/>The book itself was marketed as “The Greatest Mystery of All Time” “A Must-Read” listed as “One of the Best 101 Novels ever Written”—although I think the hype is wrapped up in itself. Billed as all of the above, but accomplishing scant little of any of it.<br/><br/>DVC as I will hereafter refer, falls into the genre of thriller/conspiracy/detective fiction. Only one of numerous problems, a few I’ll discuss here: the narrative reads not like any novel (even traditional category mystery) I’ve read, but as a Machiavellian Master’s thesis, even the type submitted for doctorate degree candidates. The story of a high profile murder investigation leading to an unraveling of “history’s greatest mystery” is all compressed tightly in one day. The reader is tugged through grand chase scenes broken up by long-winded lectures on arcane topics seemingly without a chance to come up for air. Car chases, narrow escapes and maneuvers, gun fights, intrigue and mayhem all combine to form a “novel” whose narrative qualities wax amazingly thin at times due to an onslaught of PhD psychobabble and “pop schlock” to quote one character directly in Chapter 38.<br/><br/>The entire premise “the hook of all hooks” is based not on archeological finds, but notorious rumors, fabricated legends and mythic structures dating back, not to the ancients, but to the 19th century. It is a hoax of staggering proportions—but I will say that if proven (impossible) would shake the very foundations of Western Civilization.<br/><br/>Hero and protagonist, the athletic and erudite Harvard professor Robert Langdon, may well be one of the neatest characters in recent fiction, if only because his interests in archaic subjects, exotic locations, and gorgeous, beautiful women lend to excellent series material.<br/>This said, DVC may either be one of the most intelligent pieces of work to cross the modern day publishing scene—or without doubt the most heinous, dubious, and did I say idiotic? one. To market a novel as “fact” in a notorious disclaimer flies in the face of EVERY notation on EVERY fictional work’s copyright page; it is beyond stupid—yes, it is cowardly and criminal.<br/><br/>Nevertheless … released to rave reviews from everybody in New York to eager executives in Hollywood optioning for film rights (the movie version featuring an ensemble cast and crew (Tom Hanks  Forrest Gump] and Ron Howard  Andy Griffith’s Opie Taylor) peaked as one of the biggest opening weekend grosses of the 2000s). The mega-selling book broke almost every record, named one of the Top Ten bestselling books of all time—hobnobbing spaces with The Holy Bible and J.R.R. Tolkien’s Lord of the Rings, no less!—thrust its little known author into stardom overnight. Dan Brown is one of the wealthiest writer’s alive, shooting up the charts past Danielle Steel, Stephen King, and John Grisham in terms of name recognition. If you’ve never read a book in your life, you know who this guy is, and you can instantly recall his work on sight or by name.<br/>An extremely coveted position for all writers—not easily gotten or debunked.<br/><br/>I contend in this review my position, in my opinion DVC may be an eloquently written, stylish and impeccably paced thriller, BUT a poor excuse for an original plotline, and an AWFULLY researched novel that remains at best a virtual encyclopedia of misinformation, “a terrible place to go” as my history professor said when we talked about the book, and at worst what Cardinal Bertone, Archbishop of Genoa called a “castle of lies” an attack on Christianity, critical history, the lives and accomplishments of a dozen scholars and artists, and ultimately on Leonardo da Vinci, Mary Magdalene, and Jesus Christ Himself.<br/><br/>Dan Brown’s book for me, while a “quick read” and a “seemingly fun, “‘Indiana Jones meets Joseph Campbell’” type of idea, was in the end fodder for a pulsing, monster migraine. Good luck trying to keep all that esoteric globiddy-glook straight. I couldn’t and still can’t make any sense of a volume full of slick junk.<br/><br/>Which is why I’ll stick with Ludlum, Clancy, and Crichton for my thrillers, and Conan Doyle for my mysteries. I recommend you do likewise.
 Although books by John Sandford and Nelson DeMille sell by the zillions, Dan Brown has found a way to transcend the efforts of those superior writers to reach an even broader audience.  He takes a rather mundane potboiler plot and weaves into it a rich tapestry of "Wow, I never thought of that!" historical "facts" and implications that easily captured the minds of millions of readers who had never thought of purchasing a mystery-thriller.  While I was never really mystified by the clues, I still found myself eagerly following the unfolding of this yarn.  Reading it was a lot of fun.<br/><br/>I think of it as a "My First Mystery" book, because few of the puzzles and tradecraft that the characters are involved in were new or verged on the un-obvious to anyone who already is immersed in this genre.  Indeed, it was almost mildly annoying to have Brown talking down to his readers to explain things that most people already know, such as (no real spoilers here): what do you do when you discover a GPS tracking device on your person? stumble across one of the most famous number sequences from high school math class, or are given hints to one of the most famous eulogies ever delivered. (The movie is actually better in this regard, because it doesn't waste a lot of time explaining some of the more technical details that Brown expounds on ad nauseum.)<br/><br/>The plot's a grabber, the puzzles are either interesting (but not too hard) or amusing, depending on your experience with mysteries, and the whole Da Vinci/Priory of Sion/Grail thread rather engaging if you don't mistake it for fact.  The real weakness is in the characters, who are neither well-developed nor seemingly competent for the jobs they are expected to carry out.  Although most readers aren't linguists, I find it hard to believe that a college professor steeped in Grail lore would know so little French that he'd require a translation of such integral terminology as Sangreal/san greal/sang real.  My teenage son spotted this connection easily, just from his high school Spanish!<br/><br/>In any case, I hope that those who were exposed to mystery novels for the first time will continue to explore this arena after they've finished Angels and Demons. As much fun as The Da Vinci Code was -- the genre gets even better when written by the masters.
 Given that Dan Brown weaves his thriller throughout with obscure "facts" and surprising architectural references, I can understand the misguided hype and enthusiasm that it has generated.  However, if one pauses long enough to consider the basic structure of this book without the smoke and mirrors, it is very poorly written and favors the formulaic in the extreme.  The characters jump through incredibly convenient plot twists and coincidences which miraculously appear just when the author can't throw in another "unbelievable but true" fact.  The prose is cumbersome and stilted with characters - or should i say caricatures - repeating themselves and others ad nauseum (just in case the reader started the book somewhere in the middle).  In fact, chapter after chapter conveniently ends with a - gasp! - cliffhanger just so Brown doesn't have to work on his craft and actually drive any character growth.  That supposedly "stunning ending" is a foregone conclusion if you've managed to see past Brown's magic tricks or, better yet, made it to the end of the book without rending your hair and gouging out your eyes.  The premise may be interesting but the execution is deplorable.  It is beyond me to understand how this book got even one positive review.  No matter the "revelations" within, Dan Brown would fail a sixth-grade writing assignment.  His editor must be the best on the planet for making this palatable to even a few - or the worst for not dumping it in the garbage after the first page.
 I give this book 3.5 stars.  The DaVinci code is basically the story of a grand scavenger hunt that deals with some of the most fundamental issues in western culture.  Dan Brown's writing style is a bit basic and won't lead this book to instant recognition as a classic, but it is a fun read, a real page turner and I can certainly understand its best selling status.<br/>The book divides itself between three or so plot threads - by the middle of the book nearly every chapter is ending with a mini-clifhanger and compells the reader to keep reading until the clifhanger is resolved.  Its a good story and doesn't take a PhD in mathematics or art history to follow - this is both good and bad - I felt that the plot was not quite as intricate as it might have been based on other similarly themed works I've read recently - on the other hand, it was very involving while remaining easy to follow.<br/>In the end, though, I was dissapointed that the plot did not seem to get as intricate as it potentially could have, and to me the ending left a little to be desired in that payoff from the grand quest undertaken by the two main characters is more or less left unspoken, even though the book spends most of its ~450 pages building anticipation for exactly that.<br/>For those who liked this book and would like to read a somewhat similar story with a bit more depth, I'd recommend Neal Stephenson's "Cryptonomicon".
 A thriller beautifully entwined with murder, religion, love, politics, mystery, and history. In Dan Brown's¡§The Da Vinci Code,¡¨there are endless surprises and exciting twists with the turn of each page. The storyline keeps the readers glued to this unpredictable bestseller.<br/>The adventure begins with the brutal murder of Monsieur Sauniere, the curator of the Louvre. With his last breath, he had positioned himself in a pose that imitate da Vinci¡¦s sketch of the ¡§Vitruvian Man" and was found in front of the renowned painting of the ¡§Mona Lisa.¡¨ Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is entangled in the mess with Sophie Neveu, a talented French cryptologist. Together, the pair find several baffling codes and hidden messages at the murder scene which direct Robert and Sophie into the search for the Holy Grail, where the proof of Jesus Christ¡¦s bloodline can be found. The couple then delves into the veiled mysteries of two millennium-old secret societies - the Priory of Sion, whose members included Botticelli, Newton and even Leonardo da Vinci - and Opus Dei, a religious Catholic society. Both societies have their special reasons for not wanting the breathtaking historical secrets of the Holy Grail of Jesus to be discovered. Unless Langdon and Neveu can decipher the codes in the art of da Vinci, the powerful truth might be lost forever.<br/>What made the book more exhilarating is its¡§fact¡¨page. It states that the Priory of Sion is a real organization founded in 1099 and the Opus Dei was a controversial society that practices¡§brainwashing, coercion, and a dangerous practice known as¡¥corporal mortification'¡¨and they had just constructed a $43 million national headquarter in New York City.<br/>In conclusion, the story is layered with suspense and careful planning by the author. Every chapter seems like a piece of a puzzle and through Dan Brown's cleverness, all pieces fit perfectly.
 I read "The Da Vinci Code" (DVC) about 2 years ago, and I can't figure out what all the hype is about.  I'm a big mystery fan, and this book is not a stellar example of the mystery/thriller genre.  It's jumpy, truncated style seems more suited to a movie than to a book (I'm curious to see what Ron Howard has done with it).<br/><br/>I'm also not sure why everyone is getting excited about the fictional code, in which Jesus marries Mary Magdalene and has a child.  Is there any evidence for this in scholarly works? I know that this is suggested by the recent "Gospel of Judas" (despite the fact that the Bible has Judas dying or committing suicide after his betrayal, so how could he write a Gospel??), but there are a lot of spurious gospels floating around out there.  I don't want to get into religious theory (especially since I am no theologian), but I can't see any evidence for the theories suggested by DVC or by "Holy Blood, Holy Grail".  Maybe da Vinci himself did believe in Christ's marriage, etc., but that does not make it true!<br/><br/>A much better take on the Priory of Sion and Christ's putative marriage is in "The Serpent Garden", by Judith Merkle Riley.  Her character Susanna has the best answer to the controversy that I've ever read: Jesus' death and resurrection prove his divinity.  If he escaped death and ran off to France (why France? In the 1st century AD, it was just an obscure backwater), then he was just an ordinary guy, and therefore had no special significance or powers, thus negating the entire premise of DVC.<br/><br/>Seriously, read "The Serpent Garden" instead of, or in addition to, DVC.  It's a better story and much better written.
 "The Da Vinci Code"<br/>by Dan Brown<br/>Seldom am I influenced by the masses, but I couldn't help stumbling upon this novel all over the high school where I teach.  Many of my fellow teachers had a copy as well as a large portion of the student body.  My interest was peaked.  I had to join the informal book club.  The story revolved around a Harvard symbologist named Robert Langdon.  While in Paris giving lectures, Langdon was inadvertently drawn inside a mystery of biblical proportions.  Langdon immediately hooked up with a female French cryptologist and soon embarked on a quest to decipher clues/secrets protected by an ancient sect called the Priory of Sion (a faction boasting past members such as Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo and of course Leonardo Da Vinci).  The pacing, story and plot were phenomenal.<br/>What are your images of the Holy Grail?  What do you think about the possibility of Jesus fathering a child to Mary Magdalene?  What if this mythical child could have formed a continual bloodline from God, to Old Testament descendants (Moses, Noah, etc.), to Jesus, to members of society currently alive on Earth today?  What if a female was meant to lead the first church in order to pave the way for Christianity?  What if Da Vinci's painting of the "Last Supper" depicted a mystery dinner guest in addition to the disciples?  Sacrilegious?  Sure, this book will probably anger strict Catholics and members of the sect Opus Dei, but overall, the script doesn't trespass into Christian deity on too grand of a scale.  Perhaps the most intriguing aspects of this novel dealt with its amazing (and interesting) depiction of mathematics (Fibonacci Sequence), art (Da Vinci) and cryptology.  I loved the mathematics especially!  Another strength of the novel is its use of real organizations and factual descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and rituals.  I guarantee that you will visit the Internet to check out Da Vinci's artwork (especially the "Mona Lisa" and the "Last Supper") upon reading pertinent plot points in this novel.<br/>Dan Brown is one of the most intelligent storytellers of this current era.  Too bad he doesn't know how to develop characters real well.  I never got to know what made Robert Langdon tick.  If Mr. Brown improves this aspect of his storytelling, he will become the next must-read author for years to come.  Look for the character of Robert Langdon to hit the multiplexes soon.<br/>My Grade  A
 I recently saw the Da Vinci Code in theaters and decided to read the book to get more information on the subject. I was pleasantly surprised. If you saw the movie, don't use that as an excuse not to read the book. The book has enough twists in it to keep your interest even if you did see the movie.<br/><br/>The story revolves around Robert Langston (also the main character of Angels and Demons). He is a Harvard professor who specializes in  symbols. After he is falsely accused of murder of the director of the Louvre, he finds himself in the middle of a search for the Holy Grail. His search involves various secret Catholic organizations such as Opus Dei and the Priory of Scion.<br/><br/>Personally, I liked Angels and Demons better. It had more action and was much more readable. The Da Vinci Code was a little harder to follow. Also this book has more talking scenes were information is told to the reader instead of shown.<br/><br/>Overall this book was entertaining, but was not quite as good as Angels and Demons.<br/><br/>It should be noted that you do not need to have read Angels and Demons to understand this book.
 The author wants to fish out the contents of recent suspicions of the role and `function' manifestations of Judas.<br/><br/>Their observations may sound alien and dissimilar to many media discussions that have been going on in North America, and became more energetic during Easter.<br/><br/>I feel they brushed the whole debate aside.<br/><br/>The momentum given to the arguments whether there was a `conspiracy' between Jesus and Judas is the works of the media - the newspapers, radios, and the TV - based on analysis allegedly emanating from ancient Coptic manuscripts (third or fourth century) - named Gospel of Judas.<br/><br/>Analyzing, chemically, the ink of the manuscript remains controversial to me.<br/><br/>Was such action heretical?<br/><br/>I do not know but I believe this will lead to nowhere.<br/><br/>By rushing the information, which the National Geographic Society in Washington has uncovered, the media is trying to confuse our minds, like saying `there are more beautiful photographs of women than there are photographs of beautiful women'.<br/><br/>The American novelist James Cooper - has written, "" If the newspapers (media) are useful in overthrowing tyrants, it is only to establish a tyranny of their own"".<br/><br/>Cooper pronounced those words in the mid 1800's when there was abundant news but little resources of intelligence to verify.<br/><br/>Stunt news was then predominant.<br/><br/>And still is.<br/><br/>Anything that attracts attention, a public figure, whatever he did, is news.<br/><br/>Our century cannot be different from prior centuries when it comes to people trying to find proves and rationales for certain recorded actions and reactions that have taken place in previous times.<br/><br/>The quest for discovering new venues will never stop as long as the progress in chemistry and technology continues on such quick pace.<br/><br/>The point, though, is how the media is transmitting this data, and when.<br/><br/>For example: during the rule of the Bourbons in France, French gatherings in the royal court were very much similar to `séances' where learned individuals, for instance, persons of high ranking families (mainly ladies), tried to rationalize the spiritualistic messages delivered by the distinguished Bishops, and Cardinals who had been appointed by the Pope.<br/><br/>Such debates had notably been conducted in the short lull periods of peace times, when Europeans were not fighting each other and the material were printed by mass communication available during that era, but with restricted distribution.<br/><br/>In their space of relaxation, rich and well fed and triumphant individuals tended towards exaggeration, so they extended their conversations to philosophize subjects such as `it's impossible to believe there is a God', or those who wished to demonstrate the degree of their `learning capabilities', so to speak, talked of how sceptical they were about the existence of God but never professed true atheism.<br/><br/>Some agnostics were doubtful and noncommittal about the whole subject of religion and wanted to be showy about their `enormous knowledge' and their `abilities' to discover new subjects for discussion.<br/><br/>Some even equated such séances with Freemasonry.<br/><br/>Still, printed material on these meetings remained restricted.<br/><br/>Renowned individuals like Verdi, Brahms, Tchaicovsky, Talleyrain, and Robespierre were famous agnostics.<br/><br/>Interestingly, in their lives they were peculiar kind of men, of no fixed occupation, vagabonds (but many of their works, whether good or bad, will remain ageless) and in their eloquent mother language parlance, they pretended to have acquired the luxury of `discovering' better, bright and distinct ideas with a supernatural attributes to even doubt the existence of God.<br/><br/>And the media ran after them, propagated their views, and unearthed their personal memoirs and their mysterious and private exchange of intimated correspondence, much to the chagrin of the Church.<br/><br/>Nowadays, the term `Conspiracy Theory' is having the greatest ascendancy. Like agnosticism, and scepticism in the old days.<br/><br/>The media is treating `Conspiracy Theorists' like window-dressing articles of a new fashion, a means of improving appearance and giving artificial and false impression.<br/><br/>The media, to a group of conspirators, attributes any `action with a bang' to sinister design they have all performed together such as acts prohibited by law, or by means against the law.<br/><br/>But because human imagination is infinite, some media fat cats are going back in history to touch base with our Religion (Christianity)- and this book is not an exception and its related movie.<br/><br/>They are giving us the mental image of events that we always believed and perceived as real, as not anymore acceptable to the senses unless verified.<br/><br/>Think of it guys.<br/><br/>Isn't it strange that on Easter Sunday this year (2006) there have been more media talks about Judas than Christ?<br/><br/>As far as I am concerned, these persons are loquacious, and very forceful in their trivial discussions that one might be led to pursue their pattern of offensive and garrulous thesis, supported by deft cameras and skilful writers.<br/><br/>Many buy their books, which are becoming `best sellers', amid the sad division of our Church, and would agree with them on face value.<br/><br/>What a farce!
 I will agree with most people's reviews so far, this book is overhyped. I have rolled my eyes a couple times at points, but I wouldn't say that this book is bad. First of all, the facts in the book are pretty accurate. I have studied about the Holy Grail and the religous involvement with it for a couple years now, and Browns research seems to add up pretty well with it. I also read "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" and noticed some similarities between the two, such as The Priory and the name Sauniere, as well as the Dossier Secrets. But, I think the biggest problem people have with this book is the fact that it isn't very supportative of the Catholic church, and thats a problem. The facts in the book are true, maybe not entirely, but to a good extent, and people just don't want to believe it. Personally, I found a lot of the facts in the book refreshing and actually learned some interesting things. And it was nice to see someone who actually did some research for their book. Brown almost reminds me of Jane Jensen, who does some very similar work, but, Brown is much more interesting to read from. If you want more info on this kind of thing, Holy Blood Holy Grail is good as well as the computer game Gabriel Knight 3: Blood of the sacred, Blood of the damned.
 The Da Vinci Code is a brilliant thriller that keeps the reader engaged, excited, spellbound, and breathless.  Brown's writing is flawless.  He is a master at weaving fact and fiction so closely that they almost blur---almost.  However, The Da Vinci Code is a fictional book that is meant for entertainment, not religious study.  There were many ideas that the character Robert Langdon expressed as fact, but Robert Langdon is not a real person, he is a fictional character in a book of fiction.  In the Twilight Saga, by Stephenie Meyer, Edward states many "facts" about his vampire coven...but that does not mean that vampires are real!<br/><br/>So, as long as the reader can set aside their own beliefs for awhile and enter the world of Robert Langdon with an open mind and a heart set on adventure, then Brown's books are sure to please.  I immensely enjoyed the thrill ride, and I eagerly await the third book in the series: The Lost Symbol, which will be released in September 2009 (according to  ...]
 This is a poorly written piece of pulp. There are much better books on this subject out there. Holy Blood, Holy Grail for one. Whether any of the ideas presented in these works are true is a subject for another debate. But if your goal is to read a work that is easily dismissed, then look no further than Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code for that is its sole charm. On the other hand, if you are a serious inquirer, you may find the following works interesting:<br/><br/>The Fifth Gospel: New Evidence from the Tibetan, Sanskrit, Arabic, Persian and Urdu Sources About the Historical Life of Jesus Christ After the Crucifixion by Fida Hassnain and Dahan Levi<br/>Jesus in Kashmir, The Lost Tomb by Suzanne Olsson<br/>Roza Bal The Tomb of Jesus by Fida M. Hassnain  &amp; Suzanne Olsson<br/>The Unknown Life of Jesus Christ by Nicolas Notovitch<br/>Bloodline of the Holy Grail: The Hidden Lineage of Jesus Revealed by Laurence Gardner
 Mix in a little Templar Knights, a little Catholic conspiracy theory, an albino monk, a religious symbologist, and a French cryptographer, and then write a plot that reveals the mystery of the Grail and the feminine goddess in a few circuits of the hour-hand on your watch.<br/>  The premise &amp; topic of this book is one I can find very fascinating, and that's what kept me interested in the book. But just as throwing a bunch of ingredients &amp; spices into a recipe doesn't assure a tasty meal, I came away from this book somewhat disappointed that the end result wasn't more satisfying. Plot twists and developments seem so conveniently contrived, and there's an odd mixture of solving things too easily and of being blind to the obvious. To me, one sign of a poorly written book is when the author has to go back near the end of the story and give explanation and foundation. I had suspected the character who turned out to be the "villain", but mostly dismissed that character on the basis of all the improbable storyline twists that would be required.  Then, lo and behold, the author provides just the plot twists and background so this person can be viable as the villain, while also explaining why &amp; how all the apparent coincidences weren't necessarily coincidence.  There were still enough good plot twists to keep you wondering and interested.  There's not a lot of character development, however, as most of the characters simply seem to serve the role of moving the plot along.  Also, the compressed time span of the main story was something requiring suspension of reason.<br/>  All in all, this book offers up a lot of interesting facts and plotting, but ends up being something less than a reader expects.
 I was impressed with the maps and illustrations in the special illustrated edition, and I would recommend it if the price is not an obstacle.<br/><br/>The book itself is a pretty standard thriller (handsome professor and foxy police cryptographer join forces to discover the secret of the holy grail), but one I enjoyed reading.<br/><br/>It is also, of course, a controversial book.  Author Dan Brown presents the following "facts" at the outset of the novel:<br/><br/>"The Priory of Sion - a European secret society founded in 1099 - is a real organization.  In 1975 Paris's Bibliothèque Nationale discovered parchments known as the Les Dossiers Secrets, identifying numerous members of the Priory of Sion, including Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo, and Leonardo da Vinci."<br/><br/>"The Vatican prelature known as Opus Dei is a deeply devout Catholic sect that has been the topic of recent controversy due to reports of brainwashing, coercion, and a dangerous practice known as `corporal mortification.'  Opus Dei has just completed construction of a $47 million National Headquarters at 243 Lexington Avenue in New York City."<br/><br/>"All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals in this novel are accurate."<br/><br/>The suggestion that the Priory of Sion is an authentic organization is highly disputable.  Nevertheless, at least partly on the basis of this assertion, some readers have concluded that some even more surprising speculations about the life of Jesus presented in the novel are true, or that a conservative Catholic conspiracy that figures prominently in the plot is real.  Such conclusions are poorly supported, and Brown probably could have been more careful to separate fact from fiction.  But it would be taking rather a hard line to blame Brown for trying to make his plot devices plausible.
 Prepare to find many revelations and statements in "The Da Vinci Code' to be scandalous or just downright heretic.  But remember...ITS FICTION!  Though based on some fact, the book is a work of fiction, making presumptions based on the facts author Dan Brown researched.  But reading these presumptions and analyzing them is in the books' fun, as well as being a ming-boggling, multi-layered suspense thriller, ripe with conspiracy, chases, high-technology and well-drawn characters.  Robert Langdon is a American symbologist in Paris on business when he is wrongly fingered for the late night murder of the curator of the Louve, and goes on the run with a french cyptographer Sophie Neveu, the grandaughter of the curater.  What follows are downright brilliant puzzles and conundrums expertly designed by Dan Brown involving not only clues clverly hiden in Da Vinci's paintings but also hidden ancient symbolism in many modern religious marks and even secular culture.  It all points to a startling revelation about what the Holy Grail actually is, a far cry from the wooden chalice of lore.<br/>Brown writes the book at a breakneck pace, with barely a single chapter over a couple of pages, enhacing the effect.  Not to mention the father you get into "The Da Vinci Code," the more you absolutely have to read.  Even if you don't buy into the books' laments on modern religion, "The Da Vinci Code" is utterly compulsive reading.
 Despite all the reviews claiming that this book is formulaic, dumbed-down and full of plot holes, I absolutely loved every thrilling, page-turning minute of it.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code opens with the murder of Louvre curator Jacques Sauniere, who spends his dying moments creating a hidden code to pass on information that a secret society and the Catholic church have been battling over for centuries. Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon and Sauniere's granddaughter, Sophie Neveu, must work together to clear their names as prime suspects and unravel Sauniere's secret. The action rarely lets up as Langdon and Neveu struggle to stay ahead of their enemies, the religious history is fascinating even if some argue not entirely accurate, and the riddles are so clever that they blew me away.<br/><br/>A bit of advice for anyone reading this book: enjoy it for the rollercoaster that it is. Don't stare too hard at the infrastructure - just enoy the ride.
 This book was bad on two accounts: the writing and the history.<br/><br/>First the writing. Yes, it's admittedly entertaining at points, but on the whole the writing's pretty lame. I don't see why people liked it so much. The characters are really shallow and Dan Brown doesn't develop them at all. Many characters are completely unnecessary or throw-away characters. Several supporting characters that the author spends a good amount of time on end up having absolutely nothing to do with the rest of the book.<br/><br/>The plot's rather lame too. The whole thing's just a giant chase scene on paper. This may be entertaining at first but the formula gets pretty old after awhile.<br/><br/>The book is frequently preachy and it has long sections of "OK, now I'm going to lecture on my conspiracy theory."<br/><br/>Between those two factors the book really started to drag after awhile, especially towards the end. Most of the plot twists can be seen from a mile off. The book also has an overreliance on deus ex machina devices, and a lot of the story comes across as really contrived. And, of course, the author had to throw in a few random French phrases at appropriate moments to give the book that intellectual feel all conspiracy theorists strive for.<br/><br/>Regarding the history Brown's endorsing, many people say "it's just fiction - why get so bent out of shape about it?" The problem is that Dan Brown claims that the history in the book is accurate, and a lot of people assume he's right. This book has a definite agenda to it and a major ax to grind with the Catholic Church and it's important to recognize what that agenda is and to think about it critically. Dan Brown is not a historian and his conclusions, or even the facts he uses to support those conclusions, should not be accepted uncritically.<br/><br/>What it comes down to is you won't find much legitimate history in here. This book contains numerous serious historical errors and serious weaknesses in logic, method, and sources. Even outspoken critics of Christianity like Bart Ehrman (author of "Misquoting Jesus") acknowledge this. The premise of this book is a lame conspiracy theory based on a few discredited sources. Sorry guys, pretty much no serious scholar regards the Gnostic gospels as historically reliable in the least, but almost all of them agree that the "history" Dan Brown presents here is bogus. It is filled with incredibly sloppy errors that no real historian (or anyone who had done actual research) would've made. Here are just a few examples:<br/>- One particularly humorous example was the fact that he called Venus a Greek goddess (she's Roman - I think he was thinking of Aphrodite, who's the Greek equivalent). Everyone who knows anything about the time period knows that; it seems to me that if he had really researched this as thoroughly as he claimed he would have known that too.<br/>- The old saw that "no one believed that Jesus was God before the Council of Nicaea." I see his research didn't include reading any of the Ante-Nicene Fathers. And the question at the Council of Nicaea wasn't whether or not Jesus was divine - the question was whether or not Jesus was coeternal with the Father (i.e. whether or not Jesus was a created being).<br/>- He demonstrates a shocking lack of knowledge about the actual historical canonization process (i.e. how the Bible was assembled). Yes, he's right that the Bible didn't just drop down from the sky pre-assembled like a lot of people seem to think, but there was a definite historical process that he largely ignored. Most people don't know enough about the actual process to know better.<br/>- He relies heavily on bad sources, including forged documents on the Priority of Scion and Gnostic gospels that most scholars regard as late and historically unreliable to name a few.<br/>- Speaking of the Gnostic gospels, even if we assume that these were reliable, they don't teach anything resembling what Dan Brown claims they teach. Far from presenting Jesus as more human than the canonical Gospels, Gnosticism taught docetism (which says that Jesus' physical body was an illusion).<br/>- Many of his facts that weren't completely wrong were probably grossly exaggerated. For example, his figure that 5 million witches were burned at the stake is almost certainly highly inflated. He also tends to exaggerate the similarities between Christianity and non-Christian religions.<br/>I could go on with a lot more errors, but I don't think it's necessary. Frankly, I often wondered how the guy graduated from high school. I thought it was very irresponsible of Brown to present this as legitimate history when it clearly isn't, especially given the fact that he obviously did no research. If you do read this book, please keep in mind that this is just a work of fiction and Dan Brown is not a historian. Thus, as I said before, neither his conclusions nor his facts should be accepted uncritically. This is not the work of a professional historian, nor is it an academic or even a serious work on history (I didn't find a single footnote in the whole book), and it shouldn't be treated as such.<br/><br/>This book cannot be regarded as either serious history or serious literature. As a novel, it is little more than pseudo-intellectual pulp fiction attempting to promote a lame conspiracy theory. I'm not sure if he's a joker trying to see how many people he can fool or a fool himself who actually believes the nonsense he's pushing. This is not a book that will stand the test of time on either account. Overall, it was mildly entertaining but not worthwhile. I can't say I understand what people see in this book - for all the hype, it's really not that great.
 It has been quite some time since I cracked open a novel that was as compelling as 'The Da Vinci Code'.  This is my first novel by Dan Brown, but I assure you it will not be my last.  This story headlines one incredible world-class 'What If' scenario:  What if Jesus and Mary Magdalene were married and produced children?  What if there were a secret society charged with not only keeping this as quiet as possible, but also to protect that seed at all costs?  What if the clues to the very existence of the mythical Holy Grail were contained within some of the most famous art work of Leonardo Da Vinci?  What if all this WASN'T just the fertile imagination of Dan Brown, but rather a factual group of stories tied together with a fictional premise?  Get ready for the ride of your life as 'The Da Vinci Code' opens up the world of Cryptology and Symbology in easily one of THE MOST overall entertaining novels I have read in several years.<br/>What is so truly amazing about this tale is the depth of research that Dan Brown so obviously put into all of this Grail Lore and how he convincingly ties it all together.  I sat with my mouth open on many occasions as I pondered his phenomenal imagination and how he managed to put it all in one book -- and making it so compelling that you keep promising yourself that you'll stop reading...AFTER the next chapter.<br/>One of the curators of the famous Louvre Museum in Paris is suddenly targeted for elimination by shadow forces that aren't what they seem to be as the story unfolds.  He is shot and left for dead, but before his life ends, he quickly leaves several clues for Sophie Neveu (his granddaughter) and Symbologist, Robert Langdon to discover.  Before he realizes what has happened, Robert finds himself the chief target for this murder and Sophie mysteriously helps him to escape, hoping to fully decipher the riddles left behind by her Grandfather.  Maybe I'm just horrible at figuring out these clues, but to my feeble mind they all seemed stunningly clever how they played out and how it led them on an adventure only to discover that the original puzzles left behind were only the beginning of a much larger list of historical clues, all of them REAL clues that have been documented over the centuries, all which lead them on a quest that just might find them discovering the legendary Holy Grail -- but it turns out NOT to be what you might think, in fact it came as a total and amazing surprise to me.  Again, what found me so impressed with this story was how all of these seemingly unconnected clues are all REAL and verifiable, and Dan Brown has managed a way to include them seamlessly in his novel.<br/>From Paris to the outskirts of London, this well-told tale moves along at a frenetic pace in what I would describe as one of the best stories I have ever found.  Dan Brown should be congratulated on piecing together such a highly complicated story, all while making it completely understandable and thoroughly entertaining at the same time.  I will be recommending 'The Da Vinci Code' for a very long time to come and anxiously look forward to discovering a few of Mr. Brown's previous novels...in short, BUY THIS BOOK.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
 Incredibly fun read from Dan Brown that once again brings back the main character Robert Langdon from his previous work, "Angels &amp; Demons". This time Langdon must figure out the mysteries of a secret society before some of mankind's greatest truths are lost forever.<br/>The story begins with the assassination of the curator of the Louvre, one of the most famous museums in the world. Langdon is called in by the police and the daughter of the murdered man to assemble and decode the clues left by the curator within some of Leonardo Da Vinci's greatest works.<br/>From there the reader is taken on a non-stop thrill ride as the men behind the assassination come after Langdon while he also attempts to flee the authorities that have named him as the primary suspect in the murder case. It is not difficult to see why this book has remained on Amazon's Top 10 best-seller list for months and months now. It is a fun read that makes you really think while you are being entertained. I can't wait for the next installment in the Langdon series. Enjoy this great read for yourself!
 I know this is an extremely popular book, but I really, really did not like it. This is the sort of book that you're supposed to sit down and be able to finish in a day -- I get that. However, I can't stand it when a novel with adult content is written at a second-grade level. To top it off, it's written in an extremely condescending manner and is full of sexism and antiforeignism. I'm actually surprised it sold at all internationally, especially in France. I wonder if they took out those comments in translation. (Does anybody know?)<br/><br/>The symbolic and religious stuff would have been interesting if they were presented differently. A lot of the novel is Langdon going on and on about some sort of detail they found with someone on the sidelines going, "Interesting. Tell me more." Had it been worked in better, or had it just been described in narration instead of Langdon talking page after page, it probably would have been more interesting to read.<br/><br/>This just wasn't the book for me. A lot of people enjoyed it and consider it one of their favorite books, but I just couldn't get past the writing and the stereotypical comments against anything not American.
 After struggling it through the first 40 pages, I was hooked on the story like the 40 million other readers, but I did have a hard time with the writing style in the beginning. Once the story starts moving, it pulls you along. Religion adds a bit of spice but otherwise doesn't matter: the Holy Grail is just another "MacGuffin," an object the characters care about but the reader doesn't.<br/><br/>Still, while reading on, I was occasionally taken aback by obvious mistakes of details, such as Sophie Neveu as an educated Frenchwoman who doesn't know what a keystone is, which is taught in elementary school. This book messes with geography, which even fiction usually doesn't. One look at the map of the Paris area, for example, will show you that Chateau-Villette can't be both near Versailles and to the Northwest of Paris, as Versailles is to the Southwest. It can't be near Le Bourget either, because Le Bourget is in the Northeast. And if Le Bourget is a small airport, how can it manage to hold the world's largest aerospace trade show every other year?
 I rarely find a book that I don’t want to put down, but The Da Vinci Code was one of them. The book is suspenseful and full of action. The author, Dan Brown, was able to shine light on conspiracy theories within the church. Religion, power, femininity, and mystery were all prevalent themes in the book. Giving clues to solve puzzles was a good way to engage readers throughout the book. This book was not a challenging read. The beginning of the book started with two different perspectives and eventually even moved into three perspectives, but by the end of the book they all came together into one point of view. The ending was surprising, but not out of the blue. I also watched the movie and would definitely recommend reading the book first! If you are someone who likes action, mystery and suspense I would highly recommend this book!
 The writing is perhaps the only redeeming quality of this book, although there are certain areas that are interesting.  Brown's pace is very fast, but this can be kind of irritating at times because every single chapter ends in kind of a cliff hanger.  Nothing rarely gets resolved without something else happening, leaving a never ending string of chapters that irritate you more than entertain.<br/><br/>Another major problem I have with this book is his usage of history.  Sure, it is a historical fiction and the author takes certain liberties, but does that mean he should change history to support his novel?  I would say no.  The history should act as a catalyst and the story written around it, yet Brown distorts and changes the history to his story.  This was the defining reason why The Da Vinci Code was not a good book in my eyes.  Angels &amp; Demons was a much better book because it was written well and it incorporated itself into the history really well.<br/><br/>A fast, okay read that distorts history.  I would not recommend.<br/><br/>2 stars.
 The Da Vinci Code, at the moment, seems to be the book du jour.  Everyone's talking about it - and for good reason.  In what is rare in modern fiction, it combines the rare duality of highly suspenseful entertainment along with provocative historical insight.  The intriguing settings of Paris and London make for an ideal backdrop for this well-crafted tale(it is fiction people) that you can't put down.  This is one of those rare books that will keep you up at night reading - as opposed to serving as a cure for insomnia.<br/>Si vous pouvez parler francais, c'est tres utile pour ce livre.  If you can't(speak French, that is), then a French-English dictionary would be of use when reading The Da Vinci Code, which, at times, uses French without translation.  The characters are well designed, yet mysterious - which lends itself to the making of a great mystery.  Not only are you trying to figure out the identity of the murderer(it happens on page 1 so I'm not giving anything away here), you also find yourself deeply ensconced in the quest for the historical truth of, among other things, Mary Magdalene, Jesus, Da Vinci, The Holy Grail, Opus Dei, The Vatican, and most inscrutably, The Priory of Sion.  While this is fiction, it will invariably raise some eyebrows in any circle.  Read it yourself and be your own judge.
 This is a unique book in the sense that the author uses a thrilling plot to put across his perspective on history. In the process you end up reading a lot of history that you would not otherwise care for. In a way this is similar to what Vishnu Sharma, the composer of Panchatantra did, though Panchatantra contains hundreds of interlocking tales, all designed to teach the readers a lesson.<br/><br/>And that's what Dan Brown has done. He has used this book to tell people what many scholars have believed for a long time, that there are many things about the Catholic Church that we don't know. And some of these things are not so nice. That is perhaps the reason why the book irritates some readers.<br/><br/>The plot is interesting, particularly if you haven't already read Angels and Demons, which is almost similar in structure and style. What is also interesting is the side-trips into art history and religious symbolism that the hero keeps making all the time. As I said, the plot is only the sugar-coating around the bitter pill, so expect a lot of these side trips.<br/><br/>However, it must be remembered that interpretation of religious symbols is extremely controversial and is often affected by academic extermism. Therefore, such interpretation must not be treated as a valid comment on a faith, unless endorsed by the practitioners or scholars from within the faith itself. Some of the interpretations of religious sysmbols are downright idiotic and hilarious: for instance, he tells us that entrance to a church building actually symbolises entering a woman's genitals. Like many others, he also sees the sexual in the sacred almost everywhere - though he misses the obvious sexuality of his companion till the very end of the novel.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's take on Church history has also spawned a bit of a storm and a backlash. Most people don't like their beliefs being questioned (though the Church often forgets this when it comes to dealing with other faiths). The book also contains many statements which are not really verifiable, and are probably an exercise in intellectual speculation. This has naturally led to a string of denials, and has spawned a series of books which tell you whether Dan Brown's da Vinci Code is based on facts or on fiction.<br/><br/>Ultimately then you should buy this book for its tale, and for the lesson that there may be many truths.<br/><br/>An illustrated edition of this book is available separately. This has pictures of most of the places that are mentioned in the plot.
 The DaVinci Code is an exciting, well-paced, and intriguing mystery.  Readers are taken through a whirlwind plot that is chock full of information about Christianity, symbolism, and the Grail.  I picked up this book to see for myself as to whether or not it "debunks" Christianity as so many have claimed.<br/>The important idea to remember while reading this book is that it is a work of fiction.  The book is well-researched and is a great mystery.  While some of the facts that Brown includes are true, the story itself is fiction.  Simple as that.  I feel that those who are critical of the novel are afraid...afraid of what they themselves do not know or understand.  I appreciate any work of fiction that compels me to go out and learn MORE--The DaVinci Code does this.  Being secure in your own beliefs is also important in truly enjoying and appreciating this book.<br/>Sure, there are some holes in the plot and the "truth" about Sophie's family didn't come as much of a surprise.  I still enjoyed the story because Brown does a wonderful job of describing the historical structures and figures, from DaVinci to Alexander Pope and from the Louvre to Westminster Abbey.<br/>So read The DaVinci Code...Enjoy it for what it is--a fascinating and exciting work of fiction that will keep you reading long into the night.
 Dan Brown has entered the realm in which only a few authors live... the realm of "Re-read books by Jason".  It's not a realm that anyone else would know or ever CARE about but that is un-important!  '  I re-read this book for one reason and one reason only... it's one heck of a story!!  I DO NOT think Jesus and Mary were married and I DO NOT think that Jesus had a child running around like a reject from the Maury Povich show.  My faith is strong and nothing that a fictional writer puts to paper will change my mind.  Nothing.<br/><br/>I can suspend my belief when reading a FICTIONAL book and that is exactly what I did with this FICTIONAL book.  I don't need to do a "review" because it's been reviewed almost 4,000 times; I'm just going to tell you how much I love this story.  The action is non-stop even when Dan had to explain the different symbols and histories; he found a way to keep it flowing and fun.  One example:  who knew that the initials "P.S" had so many different meanings and that they ALL make sense?<br/><br/>I hear people say all the time "I could not stop reading this book", "I could not put this book down".  It's said so much that it's almost become cliché.  I'll just say if you aren't a read-a-book-in-one-sitting-person... you will be once you start this novel!  For me this book was pure magic.  Magic because it was a book that I hated to leave and hated to see end.  Magic because I loved going on a mini scavenger hunt looking for the clues that Dan Brown sets out.  The first time I read this book I had a desktop computer that I had to run to in order to see the `Mona Lisa', `The Last Supper', `Madonna of the Rocks', and other art that Dan references.  This time around I had an iPhone.  Hehehehe!!<br/><br/>Part of the fun I had was looking at these works of art and checking to see if I saw what he saw (I didn't most of the time) but it's still nice to "play" along.  I would suggest that you get the illustrated version if you can.  Forget everything you've heard good and bad, about this book.  Get one for yourself!  If you're looking for a fun, escapist, mind bending, conversations starting, stay up till 2 AM book, then get this one.  If you want the truth... read the Bible.
 I was in a bookstore while on vacation a few weeks ago. The young bookseller became very excited when a woman went to the cash register to purchase a book. The book was The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown. This young man, an aspiring writer himself, loved this book and hoped that he would one day write as clever and masterful a tale as he believed Dan Brown did. I was next in line and he asked me if I had read it. I told him I had started it, and he wondered how I could put it down. I told him there is a very good reason why I could not finish it. The people I love the most, namely my family members and friends are always taking it from me so the can read it. He told me he understood because the book is addictive. The woman purchasing the book could hardly wait to get home and read.<br/>It seems as if The Da Vinci Code has caught the interest of many people, and after reading the book, it is easy to see why. Dan Brown tells a masterful tale about a modern day search for the Holy Grail. This is not an ordinary Grail myth story, however. It involves murder, police investigations, and takes the reader into a variety of organizations including the upper echelon of the Roman Catholic Church, Interpol, a secret Swiss bank, Opus Dei, and the Freemasons. A wide variety of well developed characters are found in the story, and throughout the book it is often difficult to tell who is good and who is evil-the story moves so quickly that one can seem to be good and turn out evil, and others go from evil to good.  In the hands of a less skilled author, this could be a distraction, but Brown is able to use this technique to keep the story moving.  Unlike some suspense novels, which often contain one dimensional characters, the reader really begins to care about this novel's characters and sees them as complex people.<br/>The book is well researched. Brown seems to know many of the current religious debates, particularly regarding Gnostic writings of the early Church and the controversy surrounding these writings. A person such as Robert Langdon, the main character and a Harvard professor would be in the heat of such a debate since some of the theories in the book are from the research of Harvard scholars. Some readers could find some of Brown's pages heretical, others may wonder if what he has to say is true. Remember, the genre of the book is fiction, and if Brown's theories make you think, it only means he is a gifted writer, not that Christianity is hiding something. If anything, the book views both faith and belief in a positive manner.<br/>If you are purchasing this book, read it fast, or better yet, order as second copy just in case your friends and loved ones decide to borrow it and you will have to wait to discover the secrets of this wonderful book.
 First the good news.  Brown should recieve an award for "strategic writing."  This book has all the elements of the best seller it has become.  The chapters are short, each ending with a tantalizing foreshadow of what incredible event lies just beyond the next page.  The story is faced paced, uninhibited by lengthy character or setting development.  The events are just to the other side of incredible.  You won't be able to put this book down.<br/>Now the bad news.  This book could not be footnoted, Brown takes enormous license with historical facts.  He takes as fact all the claims by the marginal political groups with personal agendas, while dismissing as false any respected scholar as being in bed with "the church."  The last time I checked there was a heated debate going on between "the church" and respected New Testament academics, prehaps Brown missed Reimarius, Schweitzer, Funk.  Also absent is an understanding that no women in her right mind would vote in the Gnostics over the cannon gospels.  Perhaps Elaine Pagels being the only exception, a woman who, in the words of the Gospel of Thomas, wants to become a man so that she will be allowed entry into the Kingdom of God.<br/>But lets not ruin good fiction by demanding that it should not be.  The reader is evidently meant to take the author's note in the beginning of the book as fiction when he states, "All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate."  They are anything but accurate.<br/>The book is entertaining and will cause a dialog about the nature of Jesus, for that it should be praised.  But it should not be taken as accurate evidence, when it is no more than one author's wishful construction of history to fit his current needs.
 Having just finished this book on tape, I have to say I enjoyed the story, its fast pace, and the unsuspecting turns the story frequently took.  I wanted the story to be longer and entertain me further.  The story centers around two people, experts in their respective fields, and their quest for the "truth" about the Holy Grail.  I rate this book near the top of the list of adventure/thriller books I have read.  Having said what I enjoyed about the story, now let me say that this "version" is but one of many theories about the early history of Christianity.  What is written in the book is well written Fiction, not fact!  The theories and conspiracies about the Priory of Sion, the Knights Templar, and the Holy Grail will continue to be just that because what is proven is history and all else is fiction, fable, or vivid imagination.  The other thing that detracted from my enjoying the story as a mystery was that I saw several of the surprises well before their being revealed to the reader/listener.  They were just too obvious with the revealing of the teacher being the most expected thing in the book.  I realize that the subject of this book is one that enflames proponents of both sides of the history of Christianity, as is shone in the number of reviews and the votes on the reviews.  I hope my objective approach is understood by all.
 It has been over ten years since reading Umberto Eco's playful though erudite fictional response to the myriad of Grail theories that surfaced throughout the eighties in his novel, 'Foucault's Pendulum'. One reviewer called this book a mental adventure and a cross-referencing nightmare. So it was with great curiosity that I finally read ~The Da Vinci Code~ last week to find another intelligent approach to this intriguing subject in the form of a paperback thriller. It is a majority consensus that Brown writes this genre as it should be written: one simply cannot put the book down until all the mysteries are solved and you read the last page. Most would agree that this genre of novel has developed into an art form, and it is obvious that Dan Brown, along with his editors, have taken the form to near perfection in this book. If it weren't for the sun making a surprise appearance through my window, and the terrible realization that I had to work that day, this excellent novel would have been read in one sitting.<br/>To be fair, one really cannot make a comparison between Eco's novel and ~The Da Vinci Code~. Both texts cover similar ground in respect to Grail theories, the Catholic Church and that mysterious organization, The Priory of Sion. ~The Da Vinci Code~ slaps the subject matter into a fast-paced-thriller-context, that doesn't let the reader rest for a second, which is what this type of book is designed to do. In other words, this book only scratches the surface of the many secret societies and religious theories that truly exist all around us. Whereas Eco's 'Pendulum' explores these theories and societies from a variety of different angles and at greater depth. Eco does this, of course, with a sly wink and his tongue planted firmly in his cheek.<br/>It is obvious, however, that Brown is not playing any games, and uses this captivating subject matter to great effect, which amongst other things, is informative and extremely entertaining. If you're even slightly interested in religious conspiracy theories, and a fan of the thriller genre, ~The Da Vinci Code~ will give you everything you require...and more.
 I work at a bookstore. A little over a month ago, we got an advanced copy of this book and a letter from the publisher and thought nothing more of it. The next week, we got a letter from our home office asking us to read the book before its release. I was the first to read it. I was completely amazed, suprised, and delighted to find The Da Vinci Code a very refreshing read.<br/>The book is based on the idea that the Holy Grail is actually Mary Magadaline and that the early church hid documents and changed who she actually was in order to further its own cause. Taken from actual historical and theological works and ideas, Dan Brown crafts a remarkable story around a 2000 year old controversy.<br/>Robert Langdon is a professor at Harvard suddenly finding himself mixed up in the bizarre murder of the Louvre's curator. As the story moves on, there are many twists, turns and shocking suprises that are completely unexpected. Helped by Sophie, a French cop, Langdon helps to unravel the mystery of the Holy Grail and the secret society that watches over it.<br/>This book is truly amazing and has lead me to consider other books with similar ideas like "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" and the "Templar Revelation" among others. If you have any interest in Christianity at all, read the book!
 This is an excellent thriller.  However, I must warn you, this book can be controversial.  Essentially, the Da Vinci code focuses on the "Grail Legend."  In reality, this book is an extention of "Holy Blood, Holy Grail."<br/>The Priory of Sion has an ancient secret about the Merovingian dynasty.  This secret can potentially change history and firmly established religious beliefs.<br/>A misguided monk -- thinking he is doing God's work -- murders the Grand Master of the Priory of Sion and his three "Guardians."  However, the grand Master of this secret society scrolls a message which implicates a American expert on ancient symbols.<br/>The American professor, Robert Langdon and the granddaughter of the murdered grand master, travel a dangerous journey to uncover the truth about the Holy Grail.<br/>The book is quick reading.  Once you pick it up, you won't put it down.<br/>This book has been denounced as anti-Catholic.  This is not even remotely true.  As a matter of fact, this book helps people come to grips with the origins of the Roman Catholic Church.  After reading this book, you will come to the realization that Constantine was actually the "first Pope."<br/>After reading this book, you will see evidence of the "sacred feminine" in the most unlikely places.
 An incredibly brilliant, yet utterly spineless bozo gets bossed around by a French government cryptologist with the inexplicable resourcefulness of lady James Bond. Together they manage to unravel the biggest pseudo mystery in history and make saps out of millions of gullible readers in the process. A little research will expose some appallingly inaccurate descriptions of artwork and entirely fabricated rewritings of religious and renaissance history. As for all the fans out there who keep repeating what Dan Brown said about the story being written as fiction, it doesn't justify such obvious manipulations of reality and truth. Not to mention the fact that he went out of his way to state the accuracy of his work with a disclaimer in the front of the book. And despite having some genuine moments of suspense, it is sometimes done without much creativity, where information that is already known by the character in question is merely withheld from the reader. As for the underlying message of the story, Brown attempts to make the statement that the Church and all things masculine are the true root of evil and that real purity comes only from that which is feminine. I am not sure whether he just hates the Catholic Church (or Christianity in general) or simply gets aroused by anything estrogen. Either way, the book would have been better served had it at least attempted to base some of it's major revelations in fact, done away with most of the babbling on feminine perfection and applied more realism to the main characters. However, if you do decide to read it, I strongly recommend forgetting as much of the history and art descriptions as possible to avoid accidently quoting it as fact and looking like a blithering idiot as a result.
 This was a fascinating, multilayered, and highly entertaining book, lending insight to some controversial topics concering the history of Christianity, paganism, art history, and even secret societies and their rituals. I am glad that I bought the illustrated version because it makes the reading experience all the more enjoyable and interesting, providing visual references of the many works of art discussed.<br/><br/>It is sometimes difficult to separate fact from fiction though I'm sure many of the details, presented as fact, are fiction. Some of the characters seemed flat and one-dimensional, and the writing can be a bit melodramatic, at times. The pages seem to fly by, especially since there is a cliff hanger at the end of practically every chapter (which can get annoying midway through).<br/><br/>This isn't wonderful literature. It is entertaining and fun at best, and bland and poorly written at its worst. Despite that, I found myself enjoying the book which pulled me in from the very beginning. I found myself trying to decipher the codes right along with the two main characters, as well as immersing myself in the controversial 'facts' and really thinking about faith and religion. I think that is the main reason why many people are so drawn to this book.
 Not since the breathlessness of "The Day of the Jackal" or "The Bourne Identity" have I read a thriller this riveting.  Dan Brown sinks the hooks in and drags us through the night hours with a plot that won't let go.<br/>"The Da Vinci Code," like Ludlum's classic "The Gemini Contenders," deals with secrets within secrets of the Catholic Church.  In this case, the Church has tried to suppress certain relics that would cause embarrassment and doubt for many of its billion believers.  The relics, discovered by the Knights Templar during the Crusades, have been entrusted to a line of guardians to this present age.  The problem: the guardians are being murdered, threatening the knowledge of this ancient secret.  When a renowned symbologist and a female cryptologist find themselves joined at a murder scene in the Louvre, they are about to go on a twenty-four hour dash for their lives and for the survival of the secret, as hinted at by the Da Vinci Code.<br/>Brown not only keeps the pace at a gallop for the full 454 pages, he deals out clues and deceptions and word games like a Vegas dealer flipping cards.  (In fact, the origin of the four suits of cards is even broached in this fascinating book!)  Somehow, with mesmerizing skill, Brown draws us deeper into the mystery without setting our heads spinning.  But you might find yourself nodding, smiling, and gasping in reaction.<br/>Ultimately, "The Da Vinci Code" swings the pendulum from run-of-the-mill thriller to a discourse on religious roots.  Yes, I believe the Church has put forth a male-dominant view of God that is inconsistent with the Bible.  The Bibles states in Genesis that both man and woman were created in God's image.  Where Brown, or his Knights Templar, might swing too far the other way is in asserting God as the sacred goddess instead.  Biblically, yes, God is spirit, encapsulating all the traits of man and woman in the divine.  However, "The Da Vinci Code" dips into pagan practices and gnosticism, calling into question the veracity of Scripture.<br/>As a thriller, this book can hardly be beat.  As a treatise on spirituality, it comes up suspect on factual and theological levels.
 I finally got around to reading this immensely popular book (as indicated by over 3000 reviews in this site, and the fact that this book is still in the best selling section of most book shops). After finishing its 450 pages, I am not sure whether to hail it as a masterpiece or dismiss it as a racy, suspense thriller.  There is no question that the book is a page turner, and Dan Brown integrates the history of the holy grail, Leonardo Da Vinci's paintings, pagan rituals, etc., in the story very cleverly and seamlessly. The parts of the book that describe the Priory of Sion, knights templar, holy grail, Mary Magdalene, Da Vinci's works, phi, etc., are fascinating. (Being no authority on these subjects, I cannot, however, comment on their authenticity.)<br/><br/>On the other hand, the sudden and unexpected twists in the plot, at times, appear a little too convenient (better suited for movies perhaps). The characters are also far fetched and are portrayed as super humans without much depth. I am obviously not with the large section of people who consider this to be a work of genius, but I am still glad I read this book. I give it three stars.
 Finally, I decided to pick up this novel after hearing about all the controversy it caused.  It's an interesting read, to be sure, and the opening scene where Langdon and Neveu escape from the heavily guarded Louvre Museum in Paris is excellent.  It's the rest of the book I can't get into.  The premise is that the murder of a priest is somehow connected to Neveu and her family being the descendents of Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene and a secret society within the Catholic Church wants to prevent that knowledge from getting into the open.  I can see where taking liberties with Jesus' family tree might offend some traditionalist Catholics but, honestly, if I were Catholic I'd be far more offended by the pedophile priest scandals than this book.  I tried reading Brown's novel "Deception Point" and had the same problem.  It starts of pretty good, then descends into boring territory and I stop reading.
 There is nothing I can say about this book that is bad, except that i can't get it out of my head.  Not only does it (attempt) an explanation of Mona Lisa's mysterious smile, but it describes Jesus's life and defines the Holy Grail.<br/>If you love Indiana Jones, Leonardo da Vinci, and twists and turns on every page, there is no reason you shouldn't love this book.<br/>However, i must say that you have to have a fairly open mind to enjoy this book.  Since this does put the (alleged) flaws of one of the world's major religions in the spotlight, many people get instantly PO'd.  If you start to read this and think "This is offensive to my faith," either 1)stop reading or 2)use your brain and rememeber this is a work of FICTION and not the be-all, end-all of your life.  If you want to believe what Dan Brown says, good for you.  If you want to burn him in effigy, um, relax and take a deep breath?<br/>Those who SHOULD like this book:  adventure novel readers, art historians, people who like books that create a bit of a stir, people who are interested in alternative history (I think that's the word for it)<br/>Those who PROBABLY won't like this book: extrememly orthodox christians, people who have no experience with renaissance art, people who can't stand "super" hero/ines.<br/>Follow your best judgement.  Remember, a book cannot do anything to you or your faith if you don't let it.
 An eternal secret has to be learned for that its keepers are being systematically murdered by sacred forces. The last of those murdered, a prominent curator at the Louvre, decides to set a French cryptographer (his granddaughter to whom he never spoke in 10 years) and an American symbologist on a journey that, granting their skills, would eventually lead them to the knowledge of that 2000-year-old secret. The sacred forces learn about the late curator's plan and decide to join in on the hunt for the most controversial secret of all time.<br/>This has got to be the best thriller I have read! I completely enjoyed the vast amount of religious and aesthetic information provided throughout the book. Sometimes it feels that all of this could be true, but then you realize that this is a work of fiction! I love religious novels and this one hit the spot.<br/>I am impressed with the writing style, character and suspense development. The secret brotherhood, the Holy Grail, the Church's secrets and dark history and the very concept of divinity are but a taste of what this novel offers its readers. I recommend it to anyone that enjoys religious thrillers and thought-provoking stories about Christ and his legacy.<br/>This is definitely one novel I will reread time and again. It's that riveting!
 I was slow to get around to this book and then finished it in 2 days.  I simply couldn't put it down.  You probably know the basics of the story if you've read the publisher's review.  It's another suspense-thriller, this time wrapped in the ancient secrets of religion.  The book is a thrill ride for the first half and then becomes somewhat predictable, but still fun.  At times, I felt I was watching a soap opera where you can miss several days and still know what is happening.  At the same time, I couldn't quit reading it because I was pulling for the hero.  I predicted the finish and imagine most readers do but would still recommend the book as a pleasurable read to anyone.<br/>What I most enjoyed about the book is how it covers topics I'd heard about but know very little about.  It seems the author did plenty of research and through that, has pushed me to begin doing my own research.  If you are interested in religious history at all, you will enjoy reading this book and likely be challenged to learn more about the past.
 Dan Brown made a mint with this 2003 potboiler about a race to uncover a 2,000-year-old secret, and you have to credit him for making it entertaining. It isn't at all plausible even outside of the specious history involved, but at least for the book's first half you flip pages too fast to notice.<br/><br/>When the head of Paris's Louvre museum is found dead in a crime scene that can be mildly characterized as "unusual," Harvard professor Robert Langdon finds himself the lead suspect. Even before this has registered, he is already being led away by one French detective, a woman who has her own secret reason for believing Langdon's innocence. Can they find what sparked this murder before the murderer finds them?<br/><br/>Calling "The Da Vinci Code" a history mystery oversells it in the history department by a long chalk, but at least through the first half, it works pretty well as a mystery. You get caught up with the twists and turns Brown throws at you, as Langdon and his companion Sophie struggle to stay one step ahead of the law, in particular a credible Javert-type whose reasons for wanting to catch Langdon seem to involve more than one murder. Add an albino monk with connections to the strict Catholic order Opus Dei, and the result is a pretty good runway for adventure.<br/><br/>I'm not sure where the book goes wrong. Brown's prose style has been attacked by better writers than me, and to be sure it leaves a lot to be desired. There are way too many flashbacks awkwardly inserted into the narrative to make various claims about the Holy Grail and the nature of Christ, not to mention the backstories of various characters and even entomology lessons where characters ponder the double meanings of words. All of this bogs things down considerably. Once you get to the second half, and in particular the wind-up, the one thing that was working, the plot, becomes very convoluted, with implausible coincidences and surprise revelations that give the entire book the makings of a bad joke.<br/><br/>And in regard to the "history" of "The Da Vinci Code:" It leans on a series of suppositions which range from the validly conjectural (does Da Vinci's painting "The Last Supper" show Christ with a woman?) to the silly (Mona Lisa's a man, baby!) to the downright ridiculous (a secret order working against the Vatican that involved such figures as Da Vinci, Botticelli, and Isaac Newton). All this Brown presents in the narrative with a kind of grim poker face, as if everyone who is anyone already knows this. A quick internet search reveals this is wrong.<br/><br/>But okay, he makes stuff up. It works during most of the book, anyway, provided you're a cultural doof like me who figures I don't know this because I'm not well-read enough like everyone else. The problem really comes at the end, where after an implausibly neat resolution of the chase, we get some final words about the nature of the big maguffin these guys have been seeking that reveals it to be exactly that, nothing but a nod to an "ethereal nature" and a hint of a sequel to come.<br/><br/>It's here "Da Vinci Code" becomes a real let-down, because it loses the courage of its ruse and big build-up. Give Brown credit for playing with our minds, but he does less with the result than he could or should have, his making fiction of fact becoming just an end to itself rather than a springboard to something of significance or at least lasting entertainment.
 I'm ashamed to say that I bought this book because of the international furor.  What are people thinking?  The writing is no better than average and the aspersions about the Templar's, Mary Magdalene, the Holy Grail etc. etc. ad nauseum, are ridiculous.<br/><br/>Yes, Mary is an important figure in early Christianity.  At one level, she WAS a disciple and may have been an apostle.  It is even conceivable that she and Jesus were married.  It is also conceivable that she was married to one of Jesus' other apostles.  There is no way to know.  Beyond that there is only wild, pointless speculation.<br/><br/>This book is aimed at gullible fish and, judging from the hype, Brown hooked them all too eaily.  It is unfortunate that there are so many people who so badly want to believe nonsense.  I wonder who they'll be voting for this election cycle?<br/><br/>Ron Braithwaite, author of Mexican Conquest novels, "Skull Rack" and "Hummingbird God"
 The Da Vinci Code was recommended to me by many friends, and I did not regret it when I finally found it, after having hunted for it for months, only to be told that it, once again, was sold out in one day.<br/>The Da Vinci Code was my first read by Dan Brown, and I am looking forward to pick up his other books.<br/>The story starts with the murder of Jacques Sauniére, curator at Louvre Museum in Paris. At the same time, historian Robert Langdon from Harvard, is giving a speech in Paris about symbols. It soon becomes clear, that Robert Langdon's visit to Paris was far from coincidental, as is the case with his involment in the Louvre murder. He does not know in the beginning, but the story shows that he, via his field of study in symbology and history, is very much involved indeed. It quickly becomes priority no. one to find the murderer. Jacques Sauniére's granddaughter enters the scene, and from then there is no looking back. The book is very exciting and well written.<br/>Dan Brown uses a lot of well known pieces of art, movies, books, scripts etc. to create a "unbelievably believeable" story, and it is hard not to become interested in many of the themes this book brings up. I recommend this book to anybody interested in a good story, history, religion, thrillers, symbols and magic.
 Dan Brown’s controversial best-selling novel, The Da Vinci Code, has been the bearer of critical acclaim and denunciation alike since its release in 2003. The novel explores an alternate telling of religious history, focusing on the possibility of the descendents of Jesus Christ with Mary Magdalene and the obscure legend of the Holy Grail. However, this conspiracy fiction has  faced massive opposition as an attack on the Roman Catholic Church and has been relentlessly attacked for historical and scientific inaccuracies. Nonetheless, Dan Brown has forged a novel that challenges readers to open their minds and suspend what they think they know; and if the readers accept that challenge, Brown takes you on a non-stop page turning adventure that keeps the reader guessing.<br/> While reading The Da Vinci Code, I found myself enthralled by a perfect blend of a well-written conspiracy theory and the classic American detective novel style. Brown’s brilliant use of symbology to create mind-blowing puzzles and riddles that span centuries grabs the reader’s attention and pulls them into the deepest mysteries the world holds. Unlike in my previous independent reading of Mary Shelley’s Frankenstein, every detail of the mysteries in The Da Vinci Code has been carefully explained based upon traceable beliefs that religious groups hold to be true. Every puzzle piece that align to reveal the final twist is presented in a way that assures you of its authenticity. Dan Brown has created a work so convincing that some readers have been deluded into believing that The Da Vinci Code is factual, and have misplaced their beliefs in this fiction.<br/> At the rare occasion I found myself without the novel in my hands, it was only to be on my computer researching the art and history behind this simply amazing piece of literature. The Da Vinci Code made me want to learn about the theories and information that had fascinated me since the beginning of the novel. One thing that had stuck out to me about the novel since the very beginning is how action driven and descriptive the writing is, making it almost seem like it was written as a screenplay for a big blockbuster movie. Of course this style of writing can drive away literature enthusiasts that prefer to leave more to the imagination than to have the story served to you on a platter, but personally I disagree. The fast pacing never left any room for boredom and Brown’s brilliant treasure hunt for the truth gave me more than enough immersion.<br/>Dan Brown has established his name in the growing fictional conspiracy genre as a powerhouse for entertaining and smart literature. Not only would I say this is my favorite in our independent readings but it is perhaps my favorite read in my whole life. Some may take offense due to its telling of an alternate side of Christianity, but those that can open their minds and suspends their beliefs while reading will find themselves wrapped in an unbelievably stunning tale of forgotten truth hidden in works of art. Anyone who enjoys mysteries, conspiracies, crime or detective novels must pick up this book, or consider yourself culturally dead.
 Note:  if you are a Biblical literalist who idealizes the life of Jesus, this novel will likely be one to set aside with all the rest of the unapproved literature.<br/>For me this book was a quick and clever read, and I enjoyed the plot twists and turns, the puzzles, and the bits of religious and art history (whether accurate or inaccurate).  I did want deeper character development, and the ending was a bit of a letdown in some ways, but overall this book entertained me.<br/>Few reviewers have commented on the shadowy Priory of Sion, said to be a kind of secret forerunner to the Rosicrucians, the Knights Templar, and even the Masons.  I looked around a bit on the Internet and found sites that insisted on the Priory's reality and others that insisted it was a hoax.  In this novel a main function of the Priory is to safeguard the esoteric wisdom tradition handed down from Jesus to Mary Magdelene.  I've never seen any hard evidence for the claim that they married and founded a dynasty, but in the Gospel of Peter and the fragmented Gospel of Mary you can find references to Mary arousing the jealousy of the Twelve by being Jesus' favorite pupil.  Perhaps the early church deposed the true inheritor of the inner teachings right from the start.  (Check out the "saint" at Jesus' right hand in Leonardo's famous last supper painting.)<br/>During my doctoral work on the missions of California I frequently came across people who insisted that Columbus was not a slave-owner, Cortez was not a butcher, and nearly half a million Indians did not perish of syphilis in upper and lower California, nor did the newspapers and the 49ers carry out a systematic program of genocide ("purity of labor" they called it in the mines).  Why?  Because it's easier not to change one's mind about what mom and dad and the church have always said was truth--conviction being safer than disillusionment even if it involves the spectacle of adults telling other adults what they can and cannot read and think.  This novel is a work of fiction, but be aware that it does raise issues that challenge the dominant patriarchal paradigm under which Christendom has operated for so many centuries.
 Fantastic book!Good luke!Gallery!<br/><br/>Last Supper!<br/>Purple flares!<br/>Very ceremonious table!<br/>He already knows everything!<br/>But is ready to accept!<br/>What secret!<br/>Magic here in what!<br/>It is a lot of tension!<br/>Eternal sentence!<br/>Secret Graal!<br/>Bowl Magdaléna!<br/>The companion I was!<br/>The future is eternal?<br/>It is the God's code!<br/>To Leonardo it is faithful!<br/>To know secret it is strong!<br/>Attacks frescos!<br/>Frescos speak!<br/>To solve secret!<br/>But I don't know a code!<br/>Gallery!
 Burn it!  You can just hear the fanatical fundamentalists scream out their wrath against The Da Vinci Code. I imagine most Christians have a vague idea of the controversy surrounding this book and will steer clear. Too bad. The Da Vince Code will challenge you, irk you, and downright blow you off any safety net you have been holding on to.<br/>Be prepared to have your theology whirl like Disney's Teacups. If you don't want the plot spoiled, quit reading now. Go give your brain something to do besides wondering if Jesus would want you to buy that new BMW. Buy the book.<br/>Ok, Brown makes a very convincing argument that the Holy Grail is actually a symbol of Mary Magdelene, wife of Jesus! Yes, His wife!  and guess what ?  They had a kid. Brown fills his book with historical data, and assumes that the reader will swallow  the bait. Its almost a in your face "you're an idiot unless you believe the author" kind of approach. Very effective none the less. And there are quite a number of authors who agree with his Mr and Mrs Jesus idea. Most people won't bother to check his sources and that's scarey because they'll walk away believing every word. I did my homework.<br/>  Brown bases his theory on the Gnostic gospels. He states that Christians banned any gospels that made any mention of Jesus being married. Huge problem sir. The four gospels in the Bible were written before 100AD. Even scholars who aren't Christians accept that premise. Also, the Gnostic gospels, on which Brown bases his ideas on, weren't written until after 100AD.<br/>  Was the Church hiding the fact that Jesus was married? Lets say they were. There are a lot of non Christian writers who wrote about the life of Jesus. Josephus. Tacitus, Pliny.... They were all pagan. None of them accepted Jesus' claims to be God. But they did acknowledge that: Jesus was born in Bethleham, He had many followers, He did miraculous signs, He was crucified by Romans, and they mention that many of Jesus' followers claimed Jesus rose from the grave. NONE OF THEM MENTION THAT JESUS WAS MARRIED!. Of all people, these ancient pagan historians would surely mention a fact that Jesus was in fact married, especially if the Church was trying to cover it up.  Around 600 to 700 AD Muslim scholars brought ancient texts to life. They were some of the greatest scholars of their time. Jesus was and is an important figure in Islam. NOT ONE MUSLIM SCHOLAR STATED or even today states THAT JESUS HAD A WIFE.<br/> There's a reason that this book is in the fiction section. It is historical fiction. A mix of fantasy and some history thrown in. There are some fascinating tidbits of history that are true in this book and made me want to investigate further. Any author that makes the reader want to read more, in my book, (pun) is a great author. Mr. Brown, your historical claims may be shaky but I really couldn't put down your book. You forced me to go back and investigate my own beliefs. For that I thank you.<br/>  By the way. The popular Left Behind Series is also in the fiction section. As it should be!  Those are another well written, though fanciful, set of  books.
 If someone commissioned James Patterson to write (invent) a religious thriller, we just might get a book like this.  The furious pace of the short chapters and murderous action galore were entertaining until the last few chapters when everybody including the author just seemed to run out of steam.  Actually, the principal characters were just a little unbelievable on several occasions, and some of their riddle solving was really not all that impressive.<br/>Obviously what created all the buzz about this book is its alleged revelation of facts about Christ and the Catholic religion (infamous for its dogma).  The claim that Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene, the latter who supposedly makes a surprise appearance at the right of Christ in the Last Supper by Da Vinci, along with other stuff which generated the book's title, did hook us for a while.  We even surfed the net to read the "Gospel of Philip" and other writings from the Nag Hammadi Library, some 13 texts from the early Christian era (~300-400 AD) discovered in Egypt in 1945.  We see other reviewers similarly researched the secret societies and other "facts" proposed within the novel.  Indeed, the author's clever interlacing of fiction and non-fiction does add to the book's appeal.<br/>In the end though, it is equally clear that much of what is passed along as fact is little better than supposition.  We are personally constantly amazed and confounded that while thousands of relics and possessions of famous Egyptians from 5000 years ago are extant and well preserved, that not one shard of the personal property of Jesus survives to this day.  One would think that anything remotely connected to him would have been considered so sacred and so valuable that hundreds of artifacts would have been salvaged and serve as "proof" of the many facts circulated about his life and deeds.  Alas, such is not the case.<br/>We think most readers will enjoy this novel.  Its subject matter is just unusual enough to give us more than a few pauses about what we "believe" or thought we knew about Christianity. The mystery storyline and race/chase after the Holy Grail were probably not that well crafted, and left us feeling a little less satisfied with the book when we had finished than when we were reading.  Maybe the inconclusive ending is what shortchanged our senses.  In sum, "Code" is a good book, worth our while, even if one not destined for ultimate greatness.
 I read the book before watching the movie. Suprisingly, the movie followed the book fairly well. I like the book becuase of the chases, the mystery, the hidden codes, and historical allusions. Don't look for much character development; while we learn some facts about Sophie's childhood and Robert's career, both main characters are flat and artificial. In fact, some of the dialog is contrived--it's as though Brown is forcing the characters to say things to one another that they would more likely just be thinking and not discussing out loud. But how else will the reader know what the characters are thinking? Well, duh! you've got a narrator. Sorry. I shouldn't be so harsh. I liked the book. It kept me entertained and curious about what was going to happen next.<br/><br/>About all the hype regarding whether the story contradicts Christian doctrine...of course it does. But no one should take it seriously. It's fiction. This book will not impact your faith. If it does, your faith is not as solid as you think it is.
 A remarkable book, reminiscent of Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum and also Eco's Name of the Rose.  A Havard symbologist, Robert Langdon, is summoned by French police to the Louvre, where the chief curator has been murdered.  Langdon initially believes that the police are looking for his help, but with the help of French cryptologist Sophie Neveu, realizes that he is a suspect, and has unwittingly stumbled onto an age-old mystey -- and to solve the murder and prove his innocence, he must do no less than find the Holy Grail.<br/>The book has numerous word puzzles that Robert and Sophie must solve enroute to finding the grail, with the assistance of a rather eccentric British grail enthusiast.  The book hits much of the ground covered by Baigent and Leigh in their conspiracy classic, "Holy Blood, Holy Grail", as the two race to discover the secret of the grail and its mysterious guardians, the Prieur de Sion, ahead of ruthless rivals including a devout, yet murderous, albino monk from the conservative Catholic organization Opus Dei.<br/>Many people consider the book anti-Catholic, and one wonders why Brown felt he had to single out a real Catholic organization to provide his villains, but Brown does carefully exculpate the organizations in the end through a series of plot twists, preventing serious religious fury, and no doubt, some lawsuits.<br/>Nevertheless, the book is a rich tapestry of fascinating facts about Leonardo da Vinci, several of whose works figure in the plot clues, as well as taking a stroll through ground Grail conspiracy researchers know well -- the Louvre, St. Sulpice Cathedral, the Temple Church in London, and Rosslyn Chapel.<br/>Devout Catholics will no doubt find the book disturbing, for it is not sympathetic to the church.  It is, however, a fascinating mystery, and  lot of fun for those who love conspiracies.
 I am not ashamed to have read the book long after the movie version came out. The book is a separate entity. It is unique look into symbology, myth, art and history played in the present among locations accessible to anyone who wants to see them.<br/><br/>It is an interesting, intriguing and insightful novel.<br/><br/>The chapters are short, start with intrigue and end with suspense - thus giving the reader an illusion of fast-paced page-turner. But the story is grand and the plot a thriller. The timeless quest for the Holy Grail is replayed in modern times, with present day people reaching for the extraordinary.<br/><br/>The book is a must-read not because millions of copies have been sold in multiple languages but because it is a uniquely thrilling tale and a story that the generation will always recall instantly on mention. It is much better than the movie of course.
 It's been awhile since I wrote an Amazon review, but after reading some of the hundreds of reviews of this book I'm compelled to respond on behalf of the vast unwashed masses to which I belong.  First, this book is found in the "fiction" section.  If you don't want challenges to documented historical fact, Amazon sells thousands of books on art and religious history.  Knock yourself out.<br/>At its essence, this book is a better-than-average mystery thriller, with all of the typical plot devices you'd expect from the Grishams, Kings, and Pattersons of the world.  It's not particularly well-written, but that doesn't mean it's not fun to read, if you're just an average schmoe like myself who likes a deft plot twist.  To be sure, some of the developments in the book are far-fetched.  For example, I have no problem with one or two scenarios in which the protagonists face certain capture by the bad guys, only to escape by some implausible development.  After this happens a half-dozen times or so, you feel like Clark Griswold staring at the Grand Canyon.  Yep; been there, done that; let's move on.<br/>So, what is it about this unremarkable book that seems to have inspired so many remarks?  That's easy.  It's about art, which brings all sorts of snooty bookish types out of the woodwork to nitpick; and it also delves into Christian conspiracy theories.  It doesn't flatter the church, especially the Catholic church, but that's nothing new in modern fiction.  But Brown's characters challenge the biblical accountings of Christ's life.  They also "uncover" thousand-year old religious conspiracies which changed the way people think about physical relationships.<br/>These are sensitive issues, and a lot of linear thinkers don't like to have their fundamental beliefs challenged, even in fiction.  So no one should be surprised that so many of them have shown up to point fingers at this book because they spot a historical inconsistency or implausible conclusion about religion or art.  You're messing with some of the most pompous and arrogant people in the world, Mr. Brown.  The lightning bolt is surely on its way.<br/>But from down here, among the vast majority of people who just want to sit down in a comfortable chair with a cool drink and escape into an interesting book for awhile, this one is pretty good.  If you have any interest at all in art history, or cryptology, or the early years of Christian religion, this one should hold your interest, but be warned.  If even a fictional challenge to your beliefs about Christianity or art history is going to offend you, move along.
 I just finished the book.  It is definitely a page turner, kind of like John Grisham novels.  Unfortunately, it also has the same drawbacks as Grisham's novels, not mysterious enough.  The book is a tad too predictable.  I must admit, I didn't solve all of the mystery before the end, but I saw enough of it coming to make reading this book a tad annoying.  Now, did I enjoy it?  Yes, aboslutely.  I think Brown did a very good job researching the facts and the characters were mostly well developed.  I liked Sophie Neveu and Robert Langdon.  They could very well develop a la the characters from Iain Pears' art history novels.<br/>I liked the puzzles, I loved the historical aspect of the story.  Yes, I started to look up the Opus Dei and Priory of Sion, as well as the Louvre and all the other sites.  BUT, I believe the history of the knights templar via a novel form was better told by Umberto Eco in Foucoult's Pendulum.  Eco didn't go into Mary Magdalene either.  The parts on the Gospel according to the Gnostics was intersting to me because I started to read the Gospel of Thomas a while ago.<br/>Overall, I liked the book, but not enough to give it 5 stars.  It does, however interst me enough to read more of Dan Brown.
 A book of such magnitude should be lauded for its complexity and the author's wit and research.<br/><br/>Brown obviously spent quite a bit of time familiarizing himself with France, The Louvre, Leonardo Da Vinci, The Holy Bible and the secret societies of Europe. Kudos to Brown!<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist, is lecturing in Paris when the curator of the Louvre contacts him and requests a meeting. Sauniere is murdered before Langdon can meet with him though, and mysteriously enough Langdon becomes the chief suspect in the crime.<br/><br/>The symbologist must unlock clues in search of an elusive secret; a search that includes Sauniere's granddaughter Sophie. The curator has left several clues concerning his involvement in/with an elite secret brotherhood that has sworn to keep the earth shattering secret.<br/><br/>The author keeps the reader immersed in the book with the continuous plot changes, upbeat tempo and interesting history of location and item.  I have recommended this book to friends and will do the same here!
 In "The Da Vinci Code" Dan Brown borrows from and liberally interprets historical events to create a thriller that makes the reader think.  In many novels, there comes a point where you can pinpoint the final outcome, but in this novel, Dan Brown has create a series of twists and turns that keep the reader guessing at what is going to happen next and what the outcome is going to be.<br/>While keeping the readers guessing about what is going to happen in the text, Brown has also created a novel that can make you think about how events and people in the past have affected our lives today.  While this book doesn't answer the question, "Why should I study history?" (which I don't believe is the intent of the novel) it does provide some areas of question that makes the reader want to find out more about some aspects of history, that might or might not have been glossed over to promote a specific point of view.<br/>By far, in terms of new novels I have read lately, this is one of the most fun that has also made me think.  The style of writing is not an academic style of writing, but it is also not written down to the level of the non educated either.  It is a well written novel that you can read for fun or to really make the wheels of your mind turn.
 There are so many reviews already written on this #1 bestseller, there's no point in further summarizing the plot. It should be enough to know that Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" has already inspired a TV documentary on the possibility that the book's premise is true. Not many works of fiction accomplish that. My general thoughts are that, simply put, this is the best thriller I've ever read. This is the book I want to write when I grow up. The action begins almost immediately, and never lets up. There are no weak spots. No points at which one loses interest or wishes the author wouldn't go off on some tangent in search of "literary excellence." This is straight, old-fashioned story tellin'. And what a tale.<br/>Critics can claim that the book is too "commercial" and formulaic, but while that may be true, it is the quintessential example.  The book is neither character nor plot driven; it's premise driven, and though the devices employed by Brown to transfer the enormous body of research to the reader become less than transparent, the concept is so intriguing that the book works. It more than works. He makes believable an otherwise preposterous and controversial supposition: that the Holy Grail is a highly guarded collection of documents proving that there are living ancestors to the offspring of Jesus Christ and Mary Magdelene. My single complaint is one that can't be fixed. One gets so swept up in this history lesson and Grail quest that a letdown is inevitable. Neither Brown nor his protagonist know the definitive truth or location of the Grail, and therefore, despite the growing feeling that you're about to learn some fantastic universal truth, you're left at book's end with the rather depressing realization that you've simply read a good book, and nothing more.<br/>I generally avoid the New York Times best seller list. Not because those books aren't good, but because it's often a mystery why those select few have been filtered out of the pack and afforded full support and attention by the industry, media, and reading public to the detriment of the thousands of worthy midlist writers left behind. This is one book that in my opinion deserves its place at the top. And Brown deserves every penny for his effort. --Christopher Bonn Jonnes, author of BIG ICE and WAKE UP DEAD.
 I rarely read fiction.  But a friend of mine dropped off this book and asked me for my opinion of it. Probably because as a scientist I have a strong interest in numbers and codes as well as in religion.<br/>I enjoyed the book very much.  Not for its possible relation to fact, but because I detected the hand of an author who had his finger solidly on the pulse of the not-too-critical reading public.  They just want a good read...all how-many millions of them.<br/>The book kept me leaping from chapter to chapter (they are short, typically four pages long), wondering how the heros were going to escape from their latest predicament.  I thought the escapes were clever and imaginative, but then I am not a hardened detective story reader.<br/>My deepest quandry was not in how seriously to take the basic theme of the story: that Jesus had recovered from the cruxification and had descendents with Mary Magdelane in France.  I would say that the probability is in the low sub-sub-digits, much less than 1%.  What Dan Brown has done is to confuse what few historical facts I have in my posession with his well-thought-out revisionist thoughts.  In a few years, maybe even tomorrow, I will have trouble separating my spare knowledge of the facts from his pregnant presentation of imaginative events.  That aspect I don't like.<br/>It is for this very reason that I do not watch so-called TV and movie docum-dramas of events in recent history.  I have lived through all the wars since 1940.  I have watched controversial political figures come and go.  These "facts" are still in my head, although fading.  When an imaginative "artist", Oliver Stone, for example, replays history but imposes his personal twist on the "facts", I am at a loss whether to be entertained or ill-informed. So I have made it my deliberate policy not to watch docu-dramas.<br/>The same with this book.  Read as entertainment, it moves as fast and is more exciting than a James Bond movie, because you can skip through the parts that do not interest you.  But beware of cluttering your mind with unproven, even if plausible, theories.  Before long they may sit in your mind as established facts.  For that reason, you may deliberately choose not to read it.<br/>But being forewarned is thus forearmed.  If you read this book and you will be able to participate in the innumerable stimulating discussions it has engendered. I am enjoying that activity now.<br/>Jesus is by far the most influential person who has trod the planet Earth, judging by the establishment that even today thrives based on his memory.  Well-intentioned men, and some not so well-intentioned, have written revisionist themes about his life since its beginning.  It is very easy to perceive what Jesus taught, but very difficult to follow his teachings.  This book does not help this aspect at all, but at least it turns a spotlight back on the absorbing and intriguing mystery that is Jesus.
 This is a good/bad book of great pop cultural interest.  I'll try to tell you what's good and what's bad about it, so you can decide for yourself whether or not to purchase it.<br/>First of all, there is the matter of its impact.  A long stay on the best-seller list and a lot of word-of-mouth have led this book to spawn college classes and discussion groups on its controversial pagan thesis and its alternative history.<br/>At its best, it's intelligent.  Its descriptions of the physical world of churches and museums are both poetic and sound.  Dan Brown has the kind of mind that enjoys puzzles, symbols, anagrams, encryptions, and every kind of enigma.  "The Da Vinci Code" is a page-turner whose mysteries keep you interested and zipping along through the text.  It's pagan assertions strike at the very heart of Christian dogma, creating a sort of exhilirating subversion.  That's the good news.<br/>The bad news is:  This is one of the most implausible books I've ever read.  Giving us good descriptions of the physical world, Brown neglects to let his characters behave as real people might.  From the beginning we know we'll be asked to suspend a lot of belief, as Sauniere, curator of the Louvre, designs elaborate codes while bleeding to death from a fatal bullet wound.  Aren't most people in shock at this point?  Brown could have been more plausible here by allowing Sauniere to leave a set of clues for his daughter and her cryptologist friend to follow IN CASE he was ever assassinated, but no!...He designs a complex treasure hunt during his death throes!  Brown shows more of his weaknessness as his fiction claims that everything under the sun is a hidden symbol for feminine power and that everyone from Botticelli to Walt Disney was in on the cover-up.  This is a conspiracy theory with everything but a grassy knoll.<br/>Some people complain about the ending (Stop reading if you don't want it spoiled), but it's an anti-climax that leaves the story's central mystery intact, which is actually a fitting ending for a novel which is an panegyric to feminine mystique over "masculine" reason.<br/>Do I recommend it?  Well, read it if only to see what people are reading these days.  Read it as a gripping page-turner and for its fun puzzles and coincidences.  Christianity deserves every attack against it and more, but one with a tighter, more plausible plot would be appreciated.
 WOW!! It took three pages to get hooked on this book. Then 106 chapters to get unhooked. Every page is exciting. You've GOT to read this book, right now!!<br/>Good old Robert Langdon is at it again. He is up to here in adventure and mystery, and bad guys, and beautiful women, guns, and secrets. Besides, he gets around a lot, even without trying. He's got new friends, Sofia, Teabing, Silas, etc. No hints on the story in this review, just excitement about how good and entertaining this read is. I couldn't stop. I carried it around with me, 5 minutes here, 4 hours there, 30 minutes here. There was no escaping until I finished. Even then, I thought about the book for weeks.<br/>As in "Angles and Demons", the research is complete and total. Exotic places and well known places. If you've traveled, you know these sites. It's like being there. And the story line, well, never does it go where you expect, think or guess. And fast paced, sound moves slower.<br/>Have no fear about reading this book, you'll enjoy it, or maybe you should be afraid, because if you have something else to do you may be in a quandry. I'm telling you, it's impossible to put this book down.<br/>Hat's off to you again Mr. Brown!!!
 This is a great read!  The subject is intriguing, the characters engaging, the action is exciting, the mystery well plotted and fairly laid out...the whole thing is just well written and worthly of all the acclaim it has received.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon (ANGELS AND DEMONS) finds himself involved in yet another exciting adventure that puts him at odds with established religion.  He is soon on the trail of a 2000 year old conspiracy that takes him across Europe pursued by the usual bad guys intent on his demise.  What elevates this from the usual thriller type novels that populate airport book kiosks is that Brown has written this one so well.  There's layer upon layer to this mystery, imaginative and well researched which makes this one just fun to read.<br/><br/>Much of the controversy surrounding this has centered on its attack on established religion.  This is a work of fiction, a work that does have some basis in fact (the horizon line in the Mona Lisa isn't level) but a work of fiction all the same.  Anyone who's faith is threatened by this book has bigger problems than this book.<br/><br/>Read this book and ENJOY!  The illustrated edition saves a lot of time looking things up, and is just great to look at in anycase which adds to the experience.
 It is a page turner and very smartly written.  The research is excellent and opens a whole tract of thought about religion and women.  In fact, not being trained in Christian culture and history all that well, it was difficult for me to distinguish genuine historical facts from Dan Brown's fiction many times, which made it all the more interesting.  Of course, many of the ideas and research may have been taken from other body of work, but that does not take from the novel in any way.  My only gripe is that, from the very beginning, it became clear that the author had Hollywood in mind for this work.  The chapters are organized in scenes, and the pace is fast and furious, as in many of the current block busters.  In the second half of the book, the endless turn of events, and how the heros always managed to extract themselves from all kinds of impossible situations became a little too much. A highly entertaining and somewhat thought provoking book, well written and well worth it.
 While this book is obviously entertaining the masses (every other person at the airport seemed to be carrying one) and it is an entertaining and fairly well-written (for the most part) story, I'd sum up my first perception like this: Imagine John Grisham holed up in a far away cabin sinking his intellectual teeth into not only such works as "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" and "The Templar Revelation" but more blatantly all of the works of Umberto Eco.<br/>The Grisham-like writer then exits the cabin, returns to civilization and "vouchsafes" his "spell-binding," "highly original" story to the unsuspecting masses.<br/>Personally, I see no problem with him twisting around church doctrine and placing women into their rightful (and originally pagan before the Christians 'patriarchialized' everything) place of hegemony. And I'm intrigued that a popular writer is delivering such goods to a mainstream audience.<br/>It's just that The Name of The Rose and Foucault's Pendulum (both by Eco) did it so much better. Not to mention the non-fiction works of such writers as Pagels and Capra.<br/>I'll give it a second read and see if I'm missing something - if so, I'll revise/update my review.
 The Da Vinci Code is a novel that wants to be a history book.  Dan Brown claims in his preface that the story is based on truth.  The truth he claims is that there is evidence that Jesus of Nazareth was not God incarnate but a mere mortal man with a wife and child. Jesus was executed and the line of His wife survives even today in the 21st century.  All this is tied up with "Holy Grail" mythology and a current time murder mystery.<br/><br/>The "truths" Brown claims are based on what adherents claimed was "secret knowledge" about Jesus.  This is known by Bible scholars as "the Gnostic heresy".  These old blasphemies were dealt with in their initial, undeveloped form by Jesus' Apostles in their Biblical writings.  For example, the Apostle John quotes Jesus, in addressing the Sanhedrin as He was being tried for blasphemy in John 18:20.  This Scripture reads: "I have spoken openly to the world," Jesus replied. "I always taught in synagogues or at the temple, where all the Jews come together. I said nothing in secret."<br/><br/>Here Jesus Himself says that there is no secret knowledge about His ministry or teachings.  The premise of Dan Brown's blockbuster revision of Christianity is founded on the Gnostic heresy that was originally addressed by the New Testament writings of the Apostles John, Peter and Paul.  Gnosticism was further developed in the 2nd and 3rd centuries when the Gnostic "gospels" were written (gospel of Thomas, Philip, Mary, and the recently found fragment, the gospel of Judas, etc).  Gnosticism is about "secret knowledge" of Christ, given only to the anointed few.<br/><br/>The above quote from the Gospel of John was written as early as 50 AD (twenty years after His crucifixion) and no later than 90 by John the Beloved, cousin of Jesus, brother of fellow Apostle James (who was beheaded for his faith in Christ).  This is historical fact agreed upon by virtually all Christian scholars, both liberal and conservative. This statement alone debunks the Gnostic heresy.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's premise is that these old stories, which died on the vine before 400 AD,  says that there is secret information from Jesus about salvation and God that only the entrusted initiates into this truth may know.  Jesus was merely a prophet Who never claimed to be God.  Brown's premise continues by claiming that the Gnostic gospels were worthy as Scripture just as much as the Biblical Gospels.  In one point of the novel one of Brown's characters in the book claims that the Gnostic side was just the one that lost the argument but was really the truth.<br/><br/>By writing this novel Brown does create one important opportunity for readers.  They can consider whether they believe his fiction or whether the Biblical accounts of Jesus are more persuasive.  He offers the reader the opportunity to become one of the Gnostic initiates into the secrets of the "truth" about Jesus.  It is apparently a powerful draw for many weak thinkers and poor students of truth.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is a good pulp-fiction novel, but certainly not literature.  His premise of making his fiction "fact" makes a poor novel and is not history, just yellow journalism; it is the definition of pulp.  This story is based purely on Brown's imagination and old, washed-up, pagan religion. Gnosticism died a victim of its own nonsense by the end of the third century.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code falls woefully short in telling a relevant story about the realities involving the life of Jesus of Nazareth and Christianity.  There is only one foundational question about Christianity that really needs addressing.  How a person deals with that question will determine his or her world-view.<br/><br/>The historical facts known today are this:  Jesus of Nazareth was a man Who lived in the first century in Palestine during Roman occupation. All historical documents report that He was a miracle worker. We know He taught about the coming Kingdom of God, He had devoted followers and He created dissonance within the Jewish establishment. Historians are unanimous in agreement that the Jews arrested Jesus, convicted Him of blasphemy in a trial and took Him to Pontius Pilate for execution.  There is no possible reason to believe that Jesus the man did not die in the execution meted out by the Romans, who were professional executioners.<br/><br/>There is no evidence that any of the Gnostic gospels were ever considered to be anything other than pagan efforts at undoing the truth of Christianity, which was sweeping the world in the greatest culture revolution of all time. They have had essentially zero influence in the civilization of the world for the last 2000 years. So that leaves us with that one simple question:<br/><br/>Did Jesus of Nazareth rise physically from the dead on the 3rd day after His execution, as unequivocally stated by all the New Testament authors in the Bible, as well as mentioned by secular first century historians?<br/><br/>Not only is this question easy to ask, it is easy to answer.  It is a "yes" or "no" question.  But the ramifications of the answer chosen, if it is truly the correct answer, are the most profound in life.<br/><br/>If Jesus of Nazareth was only a man who died in 30 AD on a cross outside of Jerusalem between two thieves, then there is no evidence in this world for a deity of any kind.  Islam is an off-shoot of Christianity and Judaism.  Judaism anticipates a Messiah Who has not come, leaving all the Old Testament prophesies (beginning with Genesis 3:15 and 49:10) unfulfilled and well overdue.  Buddhism, Hinduism and other eastern religions are atheistic philosophies with no promise of an afterlife or knowledge of a personal God.<br/><br/>So if Jesus was just a notable figure in history Who today is just as dead as everyone else from His era, then there is no indication or evidence for a revealed God anywhere in human experience.  If this is reality, it would be profound because the moral relativists would be correct; there is no good or bad, holy or evil.  There is only materialistic, naturalistic existence.  As a wise man said, we should eat, drink and be merry for only oblivion awaits us.  Man, in his allotted time on earth, can muse about morality, but ultimately the best morality is the one that makes each individual life the most comfortable and pleasure filled, since when death arrives there is nothing else forever.<br/><br/>But what a difference in world-views if the answer to the question about Jesus' resurrection is in the affirmative.  IF Jesus really did rise physically (bodily) from the grave, then everything is different from the above.  IF Jesus rose from the dead bodily, then He is God Almighty.  Every word of the Bible is true IF Jesus rose from the dead. How much more impossible is the virgin birth, walking on water, turning water into wine, etc. than being raised bodily from death?  IF Jesus is God, then He can and did produce through the men he chose to inspire a book (the Bible) that is 100% accurate with the purpose of revealing Himself to His creatures.  Then man is faced with a morality not of his own making.  This morality also has a hook in it:  if we reject God in this life and live as though there is no God (as described above), then there is an afterlife for those people who will suffer outside the presence of God for eternity.  However, if the person does not reject God, then at death that person will be blessed in the presence of God for eternity.<br/><br/>It can only be one of the two options above.  Dan Brown's novel is a fiction with a false premise; it has no foundation in fact or reality. Reality in this life is this: either Jesus rose physically from the dead or there is no God.  Every person must ask themselves that question and be prepared to accept the consequences.  Picking The Da Vinci Code option is merely saying "no" to the resurrection and then deluding oneself with pulp fiction.<br/><br/>Brown's novel does frame the opposing viewpoint to the Bible.  It is important that people understand the ramifications of both sides of the argument, and go where the evidence leads.
 Maybe after hearing so much about this book, I'd set my expectations too high. But upon finishing this remarkably mediocre book, I couldn't help but scratch my head and wonder how in the hell this "novel" continues to top the best-sellers list. As others have mentioned, this clunker reads as if the author is absolutely itching to sign on for the movie. The chapters are so short, you wonder if the target audience has A.D.D.<br/>The concepts are interesting, yes...but the prose is jerky, the characters remarkably flat and completely unengaging. All Dan Brown has done is find an absorbing topic and convert it into what is ultimately a very lame "thriller." I never have been impressed with the genre; thrillers are for those who don't have the capacity to appreciate REAL literature.<br/>Don't waste your time on this book. Even a common idiot could figure out the "clues" that our supposedly "genius" characters puzzle over like dumb dogs for chapters. Examples: wow, could the ten-digit code to the vault possibly be the ten numbers Grandpa wrote on the floor in his dying moments? Could the password to the cryptex possibly be - gasp! - his granddaughter's name? And honestly, what moron wouldn't recognize Leonardo Da Vinci's famous backwards handwriting? I thought these characters were supposed to be SMART.<br/>Bottom line: skip it. You're not missing much.
 This novel is a captivating read which I had trouble putting down. In fact my husband also started to read it at the same time,and we were quite competetive over who got the book at any given time!<br/> The suspensful story begins with the mysterious murder of the curator of the Lourve with well defined strong characters of the investigating police, the niece of the slain  curator, and an American expert in symbols who is  unknowingly  drawn into the mess as he had the last known appointment scheduled with the victim.  What follows is the quest to discover the murderer in a story filled with fascinating details based on historical research  of the Holy Grail, and a secret society of the Catholic Church called Opus Dei, and discussions of various aspects of church history, all of which  enrich the mystery.<br/>Dan Brown ingeniously weaves facts into his fictional tale, and is so convincing that some readers will undoubtedly take from this book some of his invented ideas with conviction they are historically true.<br/>As a NY Times Bestseller, this book has received much attention in all media which only adds to the fun of reading it. There are magazine articles, and book club dicussions on the radio and television shows which have dissected the story and identified  fact and fiction based  on this remarkably entertaining and thought provoking read.<br/>This is a book which I think will be judged as a significant work of pop culture.I look forward to the movie I anticipate will be forthcoming, so please read this BEFORE then-as books are OFTEN better than their counterpart movies!
 Following up in similar fashion to Angels &amp; Demons, this book is an absolute page turner! Dan Brown does an excellent job of delivering a thrilling plot and heart pounding suspense woven beautifully with a historical/religious backdrop. Robert Langdon, the protagonist, is called upon on the mysterious death of a museum curator who leaves behind enigmatic clues to apparently convey something of significance to his daughter. To unravel this mystery, Langdon is thrown into a whirlwind of suspense and drama that leads him into a journey through Europe, and mysteries dating back several ages to days of the Priory of Sion, Leonardo Da Vinci, and Gallileo, to name a few.<br/><br/>There has been enough controversy on the religious and historical significance of this book, so I won't belabor on that issue. I think Brown raises some meaningful questions about the Church in its infancy before a meteoric rise to power, but there are instances in the book where he seems to be stretching it a bit too far. I think Dan Brown is not trying to claim that his interpretation of historical events and art is the absolute truth. His contention is that an alternative theory to what we have always believed to be true for ages, is at least plausible. That, I think, is really the essence of the historical aspect of this book.<br/><br/>Given that this book is fiction, I think readers should try to enjoy the book for what it is...a fast-paced pensive thriller, perhaps one of the best in ages!
 With "The Da Vinci Code," Dan Brown reprises his last novel, "Angels and Demons," by bringing back both his Robert Langdon character, and the fast and furious tone that make both books such thrilling reads. Let's be frank about this book. "The Da Vinci Code" is not a great literary work. What it is is a LOT of fun to read.<br/>While less complex and demanding than "Angels and Demons," this effort is no less enjoyable. The action starts with an early murder in Paris, and picks up speed after a brief and amusing scene involving Landon and a stereotypical French Chief Investigator. However, the reader soon learns the identity and motivation of the true murderer, after which the story transposes quickly into a rather cliche search for the Holy Grail, which is interesting, if not original. Brown didn't originate the ideas on which this story is based, and he doesn't claim credit for them. While they don't form the basis for a particularly believable story, Brown does successfully use them to generate a palpable sense of urgency around the story line, and that drives the reader from page to page in a flurry.<br/>The book reads quickly, and with immense satisfaction. I felt like Brown was leading me around with a carrot on a stick, just letting me get a little nibble here and there, while he unfolded chapter after chapter of this thriller. My only complaint is that I thought the ending wasn't particularly dramatic or satisfying enough for the plot: the climax just kind of fades away, instead of delivering the whole ending in a nice, wrapped-up package.<br/>In the end, the grail story is an apt subject for this book. In fact, "The Da Vinci Code" is quite an apt metaphor itself for the search for the Grail. Not so much as a murderer, Langdon and his co-protagonist, Sophie Neveu, are playing out a great scavenger hunt in search of the answers to some of life's greatest mysteries. And while Brown's themes of the Grail are far from mainstream, there's just enough of a hint of believability to draw the reader into the story and keep him there.<br/>The bottom line is that this book is fantastically fun to read. Don't look for anything else, here; this book doesn't need it. Don't critique it or analyze it. Buy it and read it just for fun. On that level, it scored five stars from me. I'll buy the next one from Brown, too. If you read this book, I'm guessing you may, as well.
 I reluctantly read this book more out of curiosity as to what all the fuss was about than due to a genuine interest in the story itself.  What I found when I got into it was that it was a truly entertaining story.  It's not really that deep or profound or anything like that...it's just a fun read.  If that were all there was to say, I'd have to give the book four or five stars.  Unfortunately I'm torn because I had some significant problems with the book.  My biggest problems revolve around the huge historical and linguistic inaccuracies rampant throughout the story.  Innacuracies in and of themselves are nothing that would bother me as this is, after all, a fictional novel.  The part that got me was that the author chose to portray the historical details as solid fact, even stating such on one of the opening pages of the book.  Further, he later claimed that he had come to believe his own fictional theories through his work on the book and now wholeheartedly subscribes to them...little strange if you ask me...I hope this never happens to the likes of Dean Koontz or Stephen King, that could get rather messy.  So all in all in the final analysis I found it entertaining but misleading.  Just do your homework and understand you are reading the albeit interesting work of a kook and if you take it for what it is, fiction, all should be well.
 An esteemed curator of the Louvre is found is found dead. Clues and tantalizing hints are everywhere. Will historian Robert Langdon solve the murder and save an ancient organization's secret in time? This is the plot of the Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown. The Da Vinci Code is a phenomenal novel that has a great mystery/drama sense that chnged my views about many places, facts, and historical figures. More specifically, it has a number of random facts, more true facts that I think I have seen in a fictional book in my entire life. Secondly, this book holds a lot of interesting information about Da Vinci both good and bad. Another influence involved in feading this book is the change of view on geography. Many areas/landmarks that were talked about in the book modified my specific views about them. As for audiences, I don't think that many people would dislike this book, except for those who don't like a thorough. I would recommend this book to all audiences, except the younger ones. More specifically, this book would appeal to those who love fact and fiction jumbled together. This book definately has plenty of that. Other appreciative audiences might include mystery and intrigue enjoyers. Also, readers of books by Agatha Christie can surely say that they'll enjoy this book. The Da Vinci Code has the same amount of hidden mystery and intrigue. I can surely say that I enjoyed it. Regarding the four star rating that I gave earlier, I am sure that judging by the positive review, many people would think that I would give a higher rating. The one thing that I did not enjoy about this book was the ending. I considered it inconclusive and flat. Besides that, I consider The Da Vinci Code an excellent and worthwhile read.<br/><br/>  Reviewed by: Mr.M
 The Da Vinci Code is an excellent historical novel that combines elements of Umberto Eco - "Name of the Rose" and "Foucalt's Pendulum" - Katherine Neville's "The Eight" with just a touch of Clive Cussler's Dirk Pitt.<br/>No doubt this book has its detractor's especially those who are steeped in theological history, but it is not, nor does it claim to be, a textbook.<br/>It is fascinating precisely because it does cast a speculative light on Judeao-Christian history.<br/>It's a great yarn too. Robert Langdon, our modern day Indiana Jones and Sophie Neveu, who could be straight out of CSI, a cypher expert are on the trail of the Holy Grail. Clues are presented and solved with such regularity that crossword lovers would adore this book.<br/>The pace is riveting and there enough twists and turns to keep the reader guessing.<br/>The ending has a touch of Hollywood, but so what?<br/>Speculation, History, Religion, Conspiracy Theory. A book such as this has a bit of everything. No wonder the reviews are so diverse.<br/>In spite of all that it is a good buy and a good read.
 Jacques Saunierre is a curator at the Louvre Museum in Paris. He is murdered by a giant albino assassin who is seeking knowledge of an ancient secret which has been entrusted to Jacques and just three other men. The albino tells Jacques that the other three are already dead. Before Jacques dies he tries to leave enough clues near his body so that the secret can be passed on to the two people he trusts the most to guard it. One is agent  Sophie Neveu who is a cryptographer and also his granddaughter. The other is Robert Langdon, a professor of religious symbology at Harvard, who is presently staying at the Paris Ritz.<br/>Langdon is called to the murder scene because his name is written on a message left by the murder victim. Sophie arrives soon after because the case requires a cryptographer. Sophie figures out that the message left by Jacques is meant for both her and Langford. She also knows that Langford is the chief suspect and he will shortly be put in jail. Since she needs his help in unraveling the clues left by Jacques, Sophie leads Langford out of the Louvre through an emergency exit. Together they set off to follow the clues and it soon becomes clear to them that their real quest is the Holy Grail.<br/>There are others in pursuit of the same prize such as the famous British historian Sir Leigh Teabring as well as Bishop Manuel Aringarosa of the Vatican prelature known as Opus Dei.<br/>THE DA VINCI CODE is in the best tradition of detective and thriller fiction. The mystery is complicated but the author explains the intricate solution in detail as the plot unfolds. The story may seem a little too imaginative at times but that is exactly what makes the book so entertaining.
 The Da Vinci Code has thrown not only its author, Dan Brown, into literary superstardom, it has also thrown the various topics of symbolism, secret societies, hidden Christian history, and wild theories of the lineage of Christ into a whirlwind of media frenzy.<br/>The Da Vinci Code contains many elements that have provoked the Church to wrath and infuriated those opposed to the theories presented here, but for all the information contained in this book it is still just that- a thriller, fiction novel that is expertly written and entertains us for as long as we take reading this book (I devoured it in 5 hours).<br/>This book is what I call the ultimate 3P. It contains the 3 "P's" that I consider necessary to a good fiction read.<br/>1. PAGE-turner. Dan Brown keeps you literally on the edge of your seat, and sometimes you fall off of it! With high tension, information unfolding at exactly the right place, and your brain nearly exploding you learn so much, it is definitely a page turner.<br/>2. thought-PROVOKER. So many ideologies and facts are presented! Dan Brown has done his homework, he is clearly quite the expert in this particular field of writing.  Many will find the ideologies here heretical and offensive. As a Christian reading this book, I took it for what it was- excellent fiction that presented me with a lot I could learn and use, and a lot (ie the lineage, etc.) that I could do without, but that was entertaining in its fictional context.<br/>3. PURE excitement. This book was so much fun to read!!! You quickly not only care about the characters, but you care abou the cause they are pursuing. The characters are over the top in their actions and beliefs and that is refreshing and just fun to experience.<br/>Overall, very well written. Very fun to read, excellent information provided....but take it for what it's worth. 5 hours (or more) of fun escapism into a fictional world.<br/>JK
 First, the good points. Brown either did meticulous research or he has a vivid imagination; the fact that I can't decide which or how much of each he used is a virtue of the book, not a flaw. Architecture, art and religion get a better, more thorough (if fictional) treatment than they receive in most popular novels. Either way, the details that form the background and motivation for the story worked very well for me. The story moves quite quickly. For most of the book - save one or two transparent plot twists - the Brown's story kept me turning the pages. This is a excellent basic premise and creative creation.<br/>Now the bad news. The hype behind this book has been excessive. This is "Indiana Jones in Paris", with a melodramatic, frustratingly weak ending, and none of Jones' panache. The characters, especially the male and female leads, are humorless, colorless (readers of the book will detect the bad pun in this comment) and unable to earn my sympathy, interest or affection. Nelson DeMille does a much better job in this genre, with colorful, funny male leads and dashing, daring damsels. Jack Higgins used to write like this before he started to become repetitive. Some of the plot turns seem to be signaled well in advance. Without revealing them, suffice it to say, anyone with a smattering of knowledge about Da Vinci will easily see through one of the clues that sees to baffle our experts.<br/>For those who find the book to be demeaning to or libelous of Catholics, Opus Dei or other real or fictional religious sects, all I can say is "this is fiction," and leave it at that. Enjoy what you can of the artistic elements but be prepared for disappointment in the end.
 This is a fun read with lots of puzzles, ciphers and references to art history, and I completely recommend it. My copy is making its way through my office. The only place where this book goes astray is when it tries to come up with a good conspiracy theory.  Suppression of the mother cult started long before Constantine (a good starting point is "When God was a Woman" by Stone).  Constantine also probably got a good dose of Christianity from his mother, St. Helen. The Knights Templar were a threat to the consolidation of power of Philip IV of France not pope Clement V or the Catholic Church. In fact there was a power struggle between the two and Philip decided the "Bishop of Rome" would be better quartered in Avigon France, under "French protection".  In fact the knights were tried in French courts, for religious crimes by an inquisitor who was excommunicated!  Something the pope objected to but Philip ignored.  Good sources are "The Templars" by  Read and "The Knights Templar: A New History" by Nicholson.  In "The Templars and the Grail" Ralls points out that the trials were politically motivated and pretty much a kangaroo court.  Whenever the Templars were brought before the inquisitors they were acquitted except when brutally tortured.  Which meant everywhere in Europe except France and Naples (Charles II of Naples was Philip's uncle..go figure).  The outcome is the Templars were only guilty of supporting the church, defending pilgrams, being prosperous and being in Philips way. In an unusual act of defiance Clement transferred the Templar's holdings to the other religious orders primarily the Order of St. John (Knights Hospitallers) keeping them out of Philips hands. A lot of the myths and legends used in the book belong in the "El Dorado" category but it lends an air of mystery to the work.  The work has a lot of the spirit of Umberto Eco but without the tedium and academic rigor and is a great summer read.
 Debates on historical inaccuracies aside (after all, this is a work of FICTION), Da Vinci Code is a thrilling page turner, packed with tidbits and esotheric facts. You'll enjoy it you're a fan of Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Umberto Eco's works.  That is, if you haven't read Dan Brown's earlier Angels &amp; Demons. The problem with Da Vinci Code is it's almost a rewrite of the earlier novel, it's as if Brown has a template for Langdon's adventures. The plot devices are the same: Both have a mysterious assassin tasked by a faceless villain to carry out a mission based on a historical secret. And both books feature the revelation of the villain as the least person you'd suspect (although he doesn't do a good job of throwing readers off, you'll know pages before the revelation).  Another problem is Robert Langdon's involvement in the Da Vinci Code chase. It's so forced/contrived, you can have Da Vinci Code without Langdon!  Sophie Neveu is supposed to be a crack cryptologist and she could've solved the riddles without Langdon's help, sooner or later.<br/>Again, I'll say it's an enjoyable book IF YOU HAVEN'T READ Angels &amp; Demons. If you have, it's like watching a rerun.
 If you've read one, you've read 'em both! That's how I feel about "The Da Vinci Code" and Dan Brown's similar "Angels and Demons." These books are parallel in so many ways that it is almost ridiculous: an "expert" gets murdered in a bizarre, cruel fashion; the beautiful daughter of the "expert" searches for the killer by hooking up with a Harvard professor; there is much religious symbolism; there is a cruel, unstoppable assassin who takes orders from a cruel, all-knowing unidentified director; there are challenging puzzles for the protagonaist to solve (in "Da Vinci" at least the reader gets to play along); there is cliffhanger after improbable cliffhanger; etc.; etc.; etc.<br/>However, all this is not to say that both books are not great reads, wildly entertaining, and frankly, very interesting, in their revelations about the Holy Grail and the Knights Templar("Da Vinci") and the Illuminati ("Angels"). I recommend both books, but you really only have to read one
 I agree that this book is chalk full of great little tidbits of historical info and teasers, as well as some controversal ones (both fact and fiction) however it's definitely not a well written piece (as far as the form of writing goes). But it is definitely a page turner.  It's almost written as a screenplay and I'm sure they had their sights on a movie deal shortly after. As many people have mentioned, the plot devices can be seen coming a mile away and the writing style doesn't help to improve it much. It is, still, a page turner with suspense/murder/cryptology/conspiracy theories/art history/secret societies and of course the Catholic Church.<br/>The main characters are the vehicle for the reader to learn all this great info--and little more. They don't really have much depth themselves. I believe this is coming out in paperback soon, so if you've held off long enough from buying this, I would wait to get it in paperback.<br/>I'm sure you could also just wait for the movie too (maybe next fall?).
 I spent a lot of time last semester in a class hearing one of my favorite professors (a brilliant, highly respected medievalist) making fun of this novel. He had read The Da Vinci Code out of curiosity, and Dan Brown's "scholarship" became his joke of the semester. Anyway, I had to read it so that I could be in on the joke. I did enjoy The Da Vinci Code somewhat, but I certainly don't think this is anything to take too seriously.<br/>The book was written as Brown's way of advocating an imaginative reinterpretation of history (which several people have made before). I don't really have any problem with this reinterpretation. It's certainly compelling and interesting to read about. He certainly has the right to write it. If you do much research on the subject, though, you'll find that it's oftly improbable, and you'll find that Brown warped a few facts and ignored others. My main problem with the book is that Brown is audacious enough to predict how these ideas would change Christianity and the world, and his predictions show ignorance, particularly of Christian theology. The ideas here aren't all that revolutionary, and even if they were true, they wouldn't change anything. Just some examples are Brown's ideas on women's role and on God's gender that are already in the Bible (though they've often been misinterpreted) and Brown's ideas about Christ's divinity which don't follow logically from his arguments about Mary Magdalene and Jesus.<br/>I did enjoy the novel, though. It is compelling and entertaining, but DON'T think this is great literature (my professor was right about it), and don't take these ideas too seriously.
 Imagine a murder committed in the world famous Louvre Museum in contemporary Paris ---the chief curator's body found beneath the immortal painting of the Mona Lisa. Then imagine yourself swept up and dropped amidst a secret society comprised of some of Western civilization's most illuminous artists and thinkers such as Da Vinci, Boticello, Sir Isaac Newton, and Victor Hugo, among others. The scope is epic in presentation. But that is exactly what the writer Dan Brown accomplishes with his stunning novel THE DA VINCI CODE. This is an extraordinary tale of suspense, exploring brilliantly the legendary mysteries of Western culture. The painstaking research obviously involved in this literary project is commendable. The writer artfully weaves his rich story within and around this historic and socioaesthetic context ---a daunting task in itself. Furthermore, he provokes rather subtly the reader by raising certain perhaps troubling issues of a clear religious nature. The main characters Sophie and Robert are immediately ensnarled in a world of high-level intrigue and sophisticated thrills. The reader is guaranteed a fascinating ride. Highly recommended novel by a talented writer.
 Dan Brown's suspenseful tale of the search for the Holy Grail is what good fiction should be: intriguing, entertaining, and most of all, thought-provoking.<br/>Robert Langdon is a symbologist whose life's work is the study of feminine symbology.  When Jacques Sauniere, the head curator of the Louvre, is murdered and Langdon's name is left in his final words, Langdon is dragged into a web of mysterious secret societies and obscure religious orders, all while being chased by police and those who killed Sauniere.  His quest begins simply to prove his innocence, but rapidly evolves into the ultimate quest--the quest for the Holy Grail.  Along the way, Langdon reveals hidden meanings in paintings and art spanning two millenia, all while racing to save the secret of the Grail and his own life.<br/>Taken at face value, this book is quite simply entertaining. Brown obviously did a lot of research, and presents some interesting ideas.  To his credit (or perhaps to his discredit), he sneaks a couple of disclaimers into the dialogue text in an effort to be pragmatic and to lessen the impact of the some of his assertions.  But the fact remains that the book is a work of fiction, and should be taken as such; looking for fact in a fictional work is an exercise in futility.  As an author, Brown has license to twist reality, and whether or how much he did so is irrelevant.  In my opinion, he did it well and in a very entertaining manner.  The fact that so many people are talking about it is proof enough of this.<br/>The only problem that I have with this book is that the characters were all a little to clean; they were simple, with very little complexity.  Brown also falls into the typical mystery author trap, where characters are endowed with magical cognizant powers.<br/>This book, as a work of fiction, is entertaining.  It never failed to keep my attention, and was fairly stimulating from the first page to the last.  Aside from the somewhat bland characters, I can't complain.  This is a good, solid, entertaining book.
 Not being a lover of all mystery thrillers myself, Dan Brown's, "The Da Vinci Code" nevertheless managed to hook me. The plot itself is centered around the Holy Grail and the secret society known as the Priory of Sion, and the whole concept of the story is made very believable by going so deeply into the history of the events surrounding the Grail, and portraying a reality completely different from most stories on the subject.<br/>The books begins as the curator of the Louvre museum is murdered, but manages in his final hours to leave behind a string of clues for his granddaughter Sophie Neveu and Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon to find. The two are a secret society's last hope for saving a 2,000 year-old secret from destruction, but they need to make sure that whoever killed Sophie's grandfather doesn't find them in the mean time.<br/>The Da Vinci Code really is a can't-put-down page-turner, you won't want to stop reading until you finish. Dan Brown has this irritatingly effective way of getting you to keep reading by writing very short chapters with a cliffhanger at the end of each one. A small issue with the story is how Langdon seems to always find room for a lesson in either symbology or history in places where you really couldn't care less. But aside from that, the book is a great thriller with an ending as surprising as the ingenious plot itself.
 Mr. Brown has shown that he based his book on some hoax which have long been declared as pure lunatic fancination.<br/><br/>By writing this book, he challenged the wisdom and intellgence of billions of people thru the history and declared that everyone else was wrong and only he was right. Does that sound familiar to you? But he is not even historian and the only interest he had in history is to make a name for himself and to make him rich. Is everyone else telling a lie while Dan Brown is the only person telling the truth? The last time I saw a person made a similar claim was in a psychiatric hospital during a visit.<br/><br/>Dan Brown based his book on a supposedly secret organization, Priory of Sion, and he claimed that the organization was in existance since 11 Century. But Priory of Sion was no secret and it had nothing to do with protecting Jesus bloodline. It was a club in France only established in 1954 and its objective was no more than promoting low budget housing. Then a French fugitive Pierre Plantard used this club's name to claim that he was in the bloodline of Jesus and many French kings. He also faked a lot of documents. This Pierre Plantard who had criminal record and had been jailed earlier later admitted in court that he fabricated the whole scheme about the Pierre of Sion. Mr.Brown, I can see you sweating face, again.<br/><br/>According to Mr Brown's account the Priory of Sion was founded in Jerusalem in 1099 by a French crusader King Geoffrey of Bouillion and his ancestors preserved a `great secret' handed down from generations to generations from the time of Christ alleging that Jesus and MagDalene had a Daughter Sarah. They continued to claim that Jesus' bloodline continues through Sarah in the Merovingian dynasty of French Kings even to this Day Dan Brown book calls out to watch out for this great revelation.<br/><br/>The Priory of Sion was found to be fraudulent in 1956 and traced to an origin from a reactionary anti-Semitic Frenchman with a criminal record who invented the story and registered these beliefs officially. The forger Pierre Plantard had made a list of "Grand Masters", the document of these and their genealogy, together with those of the grandmasters, are in a cache found in the Bibliotheque Nationale in Paris. These are all found to be false. Plantard's hoax was exposed in a series of French books and BBC documentary in 1966<br/><br/>Hence the most important strand of the plot of the Da Vinci Code is a total hoax. So we have to tell people who read the Da Vinci Code that it is a Hoax. Don't be afraid.<br/><br/>I am not suprised that someone like Brown would write a book to defame Jesus. A lot of people thru history have done that and even when Jesus still lived. But I was really suprised to see how easily people can be cheated. The majority of people seemed only too eager to accept any rubbish to defame Jesus and Christianity, and they would never hear a thing when you tell them Dan Brown is NOT their hero and Da Vinci Code is based on pure hoax.<br/><br/>The great French writer Hugo said that the entire English literature was based on one man's books, which is Shakespear's books, but the whole England was based on only one book: the Bible. When we have rid of all the treasure of the West which our democratic societies are based upon, we have nothing left but trash like Dan Brown's Code.<br/>can we believe Dan Brown who declared that sexual intercourse with a group of people is a holy ceremony for a supposedly Christian society, the Priory of Sion? Dogs would know better, Mr. Brown.<br/><br/>I am also suprised why there is no Christian organizations to sue Dan Brown who based his book on the hoax and fabrication by the French criminal and fugitive Pierre Plantard when he declared that everything in his book is true to history?<br/><br/>I do see the difference between Dan Brown and the French fugitive Pierre Plantard from whom he borrowed the concept of Priory of Sion: one of them made the desperate hoax and was sent to prison; the other became a great writer of our time. Who said that a small lie has a little impact, but a great lie has great impact?<br/>(It tears down it destroys. So this is what Dan Brown has done. If he did this against the Moslems, or the Hindus, or the Buddhist, would he get away with it? But the Christians are quiescent)
 This book was definitely a page-turner -- I stayed up until 4am finishing it.  And while it does read like a made-for-tv movie the problem I had with it was Dan Brown's disturbing method of combining actual historical fact with made-up historical facts so it is difficult to discern which is which.  Even more misleading is the note at the beginning of the book stating that "All discriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate." Unfortunately, this does not hold true for the "history" Dan Brown purports to tell as backstory to his modern day mystery.<br/>For example, around chapter 55 two of the main characters give the third main character a quick "history" lesson in Christianity and the holy grail.  Many of the historical facts they describe are known facts.  But many are not.  For example, in attempting to draw parallels between the ancient Greek god Mithras and Jesus, one character states that Mithras was called "The Son of God" and the "Light of the World."  Unfortunately, there is absolutely no historical basis for such an assertion because Mithras was a god who was worshipped in mystery cults.  There are no surviving writings about Mithras and we have no idea *what* he might have been called. The book also describes all early Christians as having believed Jesus was mortal, beliefs which were later suppressed by Constantine.  The history of the early church is too great to get into detail here, but suffice it to say that early Christians' beliefs ranged from believing that the Christ was fully human, to fully divine, to fully divine within a human body.<br/>I don't have any grievances with Dan Brown's story (definitely a page-turner), or his take on Christian history.  I do, however, think it is extremely dangerous to mix fabricated "facts" with actual historical facts.  I had a hard time keeping them separate, and I've actually had the opportunity to research some of the topics Brown touched upon.<br/>Historical fiction can really be fun because you have the opportunity to learn something while reading about a terrific mystery (that actually gets solved!).  In this case, though, I had a difficult time enjoying the story because of the glaring mistruths Brown tells along the way.  Thus, as an exciting introduction to the mystery of early (and late) Christian figures, Da Vinci's paintings, and the sangreal, this book is pretty good.  As "historical" fiction, it sucks.<br/>Incidentally, Brown does mention at the beginning of Chapter 60 the titles of some very well researched books on the topic of Mary Magdalene and the holy grail.
 The book prior to this one is Angels &amp; Demons, by Dan Brown(0671027360), which is also Quite Good.  I read them out of order, that wasn't really a problem though, so don't let that keep you from reading whichever one you get your hands on first!<br/>The Da Vinci Code has a fascinating intellectual pace; putting pieces of an over-all puzzle together from histories geniuses, like Da Vinci.  I love learning this stuff; not that I will ever use it, but to find it all ties in somehow ... fascinating!<br/>I bought all of the books by Dan Brown, and each held me captive until the very end.<br/>We are a book-o-holic family, and usually are granted "private time" when we are near the end of a book; that is the sacred time; no interuptions!  House rule.  These books were virtually "sacred time" through out the books!<br/>Digital Fortress was also amazing, for those of us who are on computers (obviously, gentle reader, you are) and each book has unlooked for plot twists, characters that inspire loyalty, or compassion, even outrage.<br/>Dan Brown is VERY well researched for each of his books, and you will find yourself learning a lot more of how far we have come with increasingly complex goverment projects.  This isn't the X-files, what he includes in these thrillers Do exist, and have probably already been out-dated.<br/>Love a puzzle?  Love intrigue, history, mystery, tightly woven plots?  These are for You.<br/>As always, I mention the font, and the ease or difficulty the print will give to those with less than perfect vision, or who are prone to head-aches from eye-strain.<br/>This has an exellent font, no problems!  The same can be said for each of his publications.<br/>The only downside is now I am spoiled and want more!<br/>Mr Brown, if you please?
 I don't know whether to give this book two stars or one. Out of kindness I'll make it two. If I were to rate on whether this was a "high concept" book, on that basis I would give the book five stars: terrific idea! If I were to rate the book on the basis of the writing (sentences, and whether they're dynamic, well-written, correct, and unambiguous), I'd give it a one. But none of those are the main point.<br/><br/>The main point is that the author makes an implicit promise in the beginning chapter or chapters: that by reading this book, we will learn where the secret is kept. There's also an implicit promise that the "facts" in the book are based on historical fact. And, although there is no implicit promise about not revealing the villain, most readers will take it for granted that the bad guy won't be revealed until the end.<br/><br/>All three of these promises are broken. We do not learn where the secret is kept, the treasure/proof hidden. I can't tell you how annoyed I was by the author baking away from this: he invented so much, couldn't he have invented a solution?! Nor are the "facts" historically correct: other reviewers have explained this. Finally, I did not expect, halfway through the book, for the author to change his writing style and the point of view of the characters and the knowledge they should have or should not have, when the villain entered the scene. The author may as well have titled the chapter: "This Is the Evil Villain." Everything about this was so obvious that I should have stopped reading.
 After reading the far better "Dream of Scipio" by Iain Pears, this book underwhelmed me. Granted it kept my attention and caused me to turn every page, but no better or worse then any other formulaic bestseller.<br/>I was caused to recall "The Day After Tomorrow" as a similar novel that left the reader high and dry at the end just as this book predictably did. I wouldn't say it was disappointing, but if you want to have something good to read on the beach wait for the paperback and don't shell out the  money amount] cover price.<br/>Despite the numerous twists and turns, I was caused to determine the identity of the arch-villain about a hundred pages before the end of the book...and felt that the book made a better work up for a screenplay then it did a full blown novel.<br/>Overall, if you don't mind checking your intellect at the door and suspending all sense of reason, this is a shallow but somewhat entertaining escape for those seeking shelter from more trying day to day endeavors.
 Normally I am not much for books on bestseller lists but this one intrigued me.<br/>Dan Brown most certainly did his homework with this book. His details are so exacting. I found myself actually getting up and cross-referencing some information in the book, which 90% of the time...seemed to be right on the money.<br/>This is a smart book that could have taken a turn into the world of hack-writers like Grisham but didn't.  You get the sense  that Dan Brown really wants to write these for the sake of writing and because the subject matter truly interests him. He gives enough detail so that you can visualize where you are and what you are looking at but not too much so as you cannot use your imagination as far as the characters go.<br/>As I said,I usually stick to classics but the intrigue and the subject matter made me give it a whirl and I wasn't sorry at all...I am always telling other people to read it. I found it that compelling.<br/>Cheers!
 It is almost easier to count the number of people that have NOT read the Da Vinci code than it is to count those that have!  Cutting away all the hype, the objective reader can still find an effective and interesting thriller, and a real page-turner of a book.  Is it the best thriller ever written?  I can think of several I've enjoyed as much or better.  But that's not to take away from this book - it is fun, it is even thought-provoking at times.  There are many places where quibbles could arise (more on that below), and the Catholic Church is not presented in a very good light.  But everything in a book like this should be taken with a grain of salt because it is definitely 'speculative fiction'.<br/><br/>The book starts with a typically Hitchcockian setup: a man is awakened by the police and dragged to a crime scene.  He was supposed to have met with the victim earlier in the day, but the appointment was cancelled.  Can he account for his whereabouts when the murder took place?  Into the crime scene marches the special detective - both she and the suspect realise that the murder victim has left a code for them to figure out.  Why was it in code?  Obviously because no one can be trusted - not the police, not their friends, and thus the chase is on.<br/><br/>The conspiracy threory is no minor conflict between mobsters or politicians, though: it's the quest for the Holy Grail.  Here, Brown is very effective, much like Tom Clancy or Michael Crichton: he takes rumours (e.g., the Grail Legend) and facts (e.g., the termination of the Knights Templar) and speculates on possible connections between them.  The speculations are plausible, at least to conspiracy theorists, and the fun of the book is following along as Brown points out patterns and coincidences that could be taken as 'evidence' of a giant conspiracy by the (Roman) Catholic Church to hide certain information about Jesus Christ in order to maintain their priory over the Christian faith.<br/><br/>That information is gathered as the 'Holy Grail', whose nature I won't reveal in this review, to allow the reader to discover it for him/herself.  Obviously one of the chief objections of the book is the idea that an entire belief system is based on a lie (or a coverup) perpetrated by the organized Christian faith.  I, too, am not convinced - it seems far more likely that the Catholics would try to cover up the fact that they actually know too little about Jesus rather than too much.  The second major fault is, I think, the fact that the Catholic Church is basically blamed for all the world's ills - apparently including in societies where there is no Catholic presence.  Sexism exists in China and Japan?  Clearly the subjugation of the pagan European religions by the Catholic church is to blame!<br/><br/>There is also a (fortunately not fatal) problem with the setup of the book, i.e., the same impediments preventing Langdon and Neveu's original escape from the Louvre would also have prevented the real killer's escape, so Langdon should never have been a suspect in the first place!  No matter, though, because you're likely to be so caught up in the chase and in the effectiveness of the pacing and prose that these problems will only start to surface if you think too carefully about the book after you've come to its end.
 There is nothing better than a good novel - especially a mystery - that teaches you things.  Hardly a page was turned where I did not learn something.  One of the biggest mysteries about this book is where does the non-fiction end and the fiction begin.<br/>This is a wonderful mystery centered around the old faithful hunt for the holy grail.  But this takes the grail to several new levels - what it is, who is keeping(?) it and what it means in history and especially to the Christian church.<br/>The plot twists and turns just as any reader of the mystery gendre would like.  But there were several things that made the twists and turn special.  Good guys turned into bad guys and visa versa and seemingly tangential characters end up playing major roles.  The reader can also work on solving the main question - where is the grail? - since he gets the facts the same time as the main characters (what he does not get is all the background maneuverings).  Also some of the clues I was actually able to get before the main characters.  Lastly, this is the kind of mystery that I particularly enjoy - although one of the characters is a professor so he knows an inordinate amount about the subject matter - the main characters are regular humans with no superhuman qualities.  Everything they do is believable.<br/>This book held me in its grasp tighter than any I have read in a long time - it is the kind of book you wish you could just sit and read without interruption.
 The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown is a bit hard to quantify. On the one hand, it is a unique and fast opening thriller that had me flipping pages and dodging paper cuts right along with our unlikely heroes: American symbologist Robert Langdon and French cryptologist Sophie Neveu. But then, midway through the frantic adventure, a strange thing occurs. Our author, Dan Brown, pulls over the train and begins pouring the coal, not on the fire, but directly onto the passengers. This screeching halt occurs when grail expert Leigh Teabing makes his appearance and immediately begins suffocating readers beneath enough grail lore to qualify us all for PhDs.<br/><br/>The plot eventually recovers, but not before many readers will have disembarked in search of more reliable service.<br/><br/>I will give Dan Brown credit for the many puzzles that pop up; giving readers more to do than simply turn pages. However, the believability of the grail quest is often undermined by simple riddles that leave readers waiting pages for the novel's experts to catch up.<br/><br/>Taken as a whole, the Da Vinci Code is a slightly below average read that could have been great if not for the author's endless push to convince readers of the veracity of his characters' beliefs. Even fictional arguments must stand on merit.  It is not enough to rely on overwelming the unsuspecting reader beneath an avalanche of print on the page.
 This novel hinges on a fascinating alternative history of Christianity.  Whether it has any merit in reality is another issue altogether, but the story-line is truly engaging.  Hidden within the works of Da Vinci are clues to another story of Christ; one banned by the Church in its early days to solidify its power base and to make its message consistent to followers.  Documents (e.g., the Gnostic Gospels) and artifacts relating to this "other history" were destroyed, its leaders killed and any records of its existence purged.<br/>Playing large roles in the story are obscure but interesting (and real) societies such as Opus Dei - the orthodox Vatican prelature - and the secret society called the Priory of Sion, founded in 1099.  Weaving in generous portions of real events, artwork, historical biography, Brown does a wonderful job depicting the power struggle over control of Christianity.<br/>Playing lesser roles to the historical background are the protagonists, including symbologist Robert Langdon and cryptologist Sophie Neveu.  These two - and the "action side" of the plot - require that the reader suspend belief occasionally... since when does a French police detective have authority to do enforce laws within the borders of England, for instance?  But these players are all subjugated by the astounding historical backdrop.  Truly fascinating and well-written - the Da Vinci Code is certainly worth reading.  It is unlikely you will put it down until you've exhausted every page.
 This is one of the most original fiction titles I have read in months -- not only is it spellbinding in terms of plot, but it also raises several important theological questions.  Dan Brown creates believable characters stuck in extraordinary situations that strain credibility at times, but like 17th C French neoclassic playwrights, he keeps the 'unities' of time, action, and place realistic enough to sustain our interest.  The action starts right from the prologue, when Sauniere, a curator at the Louvre, is murdered by a mysterious albino 'monk'.  Realizing that an important secret will die with him, Sauniere stages his own death scene full of clues to the reason behind his murder.  This brings Robert Langdon, a symbologist, into the picture: first a suspect in the murder, then the only man who can truly solve it, Langdon finds himself fleeing through Paris and beyond to solve the clues and exonerate himself.  Langdon is joined by Sophie Neveu, who is revealed to be the granddaughter of Sauniere, and is herself a cryptologist.  The fun of the novel is watching the characters figure out the clues left by Sauniere, a master puzzler in more ways than one.  The big 'secret' everyone -- good and bad -- wishes to find is based in current theological debates on the nature of Christianity and the role of women in the church.  Although the end seems a bit rushed and almost too neat (intellectually, not emotionally), this is truly a "I can't put it down" novel.  Definitely worth reading.
 Give me a break. This is two books in one: The first book is a theoretical research manual on the history of the "EVIL CATHOLIC CHURCH," with alternate theories on the life of Jesus, the second book is an over-done, completely unbelievable police-chase through the streets of Paris, in which the two main characters (both one dimensional and exhaustively boring even during the "Climactic" scenes) are on a quest to uncover the true meaning of the Holy Grail, and how it relates to the murder of the Louvre's curator. I started skimming entire paragraphs by the time I was halfway through this book and didn't miss a thing. This book would've been ten times better if it were just a research novel, and after finishing it I have now wondered what has happened to great literature. The chapters in this book are less than three pages (on average), and just trying to get through them caused me phsyical pain. I am embarrased for Dan Brown, all the effort went into research; none of it went into crafting believable characters or creating dynamic and fresh prose. It's a typicall, modern day bestseller with tons of action that manages to never produce a single sense of urgency. The Paris Police Cheif, Bzeu Fache (No, I'm not kidding, that's his name), is typified by his angry take no prisoners attitude, and just for good measure, there's an albino religious nut thrown into the fruitcake mix of The Davinci Code, who cuts into his skin to purge himself with pain. I felt like I should've done the same by the time I was done this horrid book. It's shameful maketing explotation that uses the popularity of Catholic bashing to sell a gazillion copies. The next time Dan Brown writes a novel I'm going to use the pages to wipe my pooh.
 If you haven't read "The Da Vinci Code" yet, you may as well get started now to find out what all the fuss is about. First published in 2003, TDVC is still on the New York Times bestseller list an amazing 112 weeks later. Now this illustrated edition adds to the buzz. Doubleday gets my vote for the best book marketing department on Earth. Hands down.<br/><br/>Why has this book been so successful? Why has it spawned an entire cottage industry of follow-on books? The writing is OK, not great. The plot is fun to follow, but nothing like the masterful work of Harlen Coben or Dennis Lehane. And the character development is only average. So what's the big deal?<br/><br/>Let's see: Murder in the Louvre. Tantalizing artistic clues propel our American hero and French heroine in search of the truth -- not just about the murder, but also about the "true" lineage of Jesus Christ. Religious fanatics (bad guys) try to stop them. And the chase is on!<br/><br/>Along the way, we learn many disturbing "secrets" that the Catholic Church has been supressing for centuries. Only a shadowy society of geniuses has kept the truth from being wiped away entirely. Thankfully, they've left a coded message for us in Europe's great artwork and architecture. (See the abundant beautiful photos and illustrations in this version.)<br/><br/>Bingo! Dan Brown has discovered the magic formula for a bestseller in the age of religious and political upheaval: Mix one part evil conspiracy, one part fringe theology and one part pseudo-history. Throw in some famous names, then season with the ultimate ingredient: Claim it's all true! People are buying the book in droves. It's a cultural phenomenon like the Beatles first trip to America. And now it's a coffee table book, too.<br/><br/>Of course, Dan Brown's "facts" are mostly nonsense. Anyone who thinks the Vatican has supressed the "Sacred Feminine" hasn't set foot in a Catholic Church recently. (See all those Virgin Mary statues?) But hey -- this is American pop culture. Let's have some fun! Dan Brown delivers that, at least, in spades.
 After the to do about this book, I expected worse. The basic story is that after all the guardians of the Grail secret are killed, Robert, the hero of Angels and Demons, and the granddaughter of the grand master team up to discover who killed the men and why. Through mathematical and etymological codes and clues the arrive at the truth about the murders and encounter the legend that Mary Magdalene was both Christ's wife and the mother of His child and would have lead the church had Peter not protested.<br/>Granted, the novel on a fictional level is deftly written and contains plenty of action and adventure. Those who have compared it to a romantic novel must have a stereotypical view of romance novels, for it has only a hint of that.<br/>Historically and theologically, it is replete with errors, and not just regarding the relationship between Mary and Christ. A good lawyer could demolish that allegation in ten seconds. Or less.<br/>Those who feel that this book threatens the church must have a low opinion of Christ's true bride. The true church, as noted by Lewis, is a thing to make demons tremble, and not as gullible as the mobsters of the historic Piece of the Action episode of Trek.
 I recently re-read Dan Brown's quite famous story The Da Vinci Code.  Brown's knowledge of many things, should open many eyes to many things that exist right under humans noses. His knowledge of science and religion, cellular make-up to grail history; glues together a fairly engaging sequence of events; this story is a true treasure hunt in every sense of the word.  As a reader the treasure is; it could put you in many directions for wanting to obtain knowledge on many of the true facts that are marinated throughout this tale.<br/>I can only assume that Brown is a very smart, or well read human.  He writes with class, the hero Robert Langdon is a gentleman, a very strong leading man, and a good example of what a good human would do if faced with the issues this fellow is faced with; I myself like to get a little deeper; such as a good bang in the front seat of the smart car, the violence a little more descriptive; obviously by the number of sales of this book, and the money made and spent on the motion picture, smut and dirt certainly wasn't required.  Bottom line; a very unique story, don't get lost in the science and symbolism, explore it deeper.
 If you have yet to read the Da Vinci Code, buy this book and read it. While there are not a great many, those visual aids -- schematics, photos, maps -- that are included are extremely helpful. Some of the photographs are breathtaking.<br/><br/>This book is exactly as it's cracked up to be. It is extraordinarily well conceived and superbly written. One has to admire an author who can write minute detail without it being perceived as filler. Every detail presented in The Da Vinci Code is pertinent. It is also much to the author's credit to be able to keep so much detail straight and to present it in such a way as to keep the reader interested. The plot is constructed so expertly that it all seems quite plausible (hence the controversy). Intrigue abounds. The characters are believable and well-constructed. As I often do with a book as jam-packed with information as this one, I set it down periodically to give myself time to absorb what I'm reading. It may be only a few minutes, or an hour, and, occasionally, a day. The short chapters make setting it down and picking it up again very easy to do.<br/><br/>This book is a novel (again, that's fiction, folks) about the closeness of Mary Magdelene to Jesus and how the "true" knowledge of their relationship might affect Christian religion and practice as we know them today. Certainly the emergence of the power of the sacred feminine would cause problems for those who see Christianity, Judaism, Buddhism and Islam as, primarily (and in some cases totally), the realm of men. For me, the most important phrase in the whole book, considering the topic, was young Sophie's answer to her grandfather's query about the possibility that Jesus had a girlfriend. Her innocent and unbiased child's answer was, "I wouldn't mind." Out of the mouths of babes....<br/><br/>I would recommend that all those with any awareness of the spiritual and organized religion aspect of mankind read this book and then talk about it with others. If I could give it more than five stars, I would. The Da Vinci Code is a fascinating and exciting read.<br/><br/>For those interested in a NOVEL about the papacy and the election of a new Pope, I recommend the book and the movie The Shoes of the Fisherman by Morris West.<br/><br/>Carolyn Rowe Hill
 this is by far one of the best books i have read in a long time.  i haven't read too many suspenseful books, and i could barely put the book down!<br/>the facts or not the facts?  that is the question.  whether or not many of the ideas about secret societies, religion, and faith are true or not, this book, without a doubt makes you asks your own questions about what you believe in.  in my opinion, a lot of what has been written in this book makes sense to me.  others may deem it too far-fetched, but, again, this book really makes you think about it...<br/>from the first page to the very last, this book really "keeps you on your toes."  i didn't find it as predictable as others may have, but maybe that's just my way of not wanting to figure out things too far ahead and to just enjoy the book.  right?<br/>highly recommended for a great read!  brown writes wonderful descriptions that takes you right into paris and london. can't wait to read another brown novel!
 Okay, it took me a while, but I, too, got caught up in the hype. First I read Angels and Demons, which I like more than this one, but this has its own intriguing plot: the search for the Holy Grail.<br/><br/>I can't believe the amount of time and research Dan Brown had to go through just to write this thing. I'm no historian or teacher, but I do know a thing or two about writing. I wouldn't want the tedious, never-ending job of finding out where to get ANY of this information.<br/><br/>But somehow he did. He did it well, too. This book is already pretty much a classic, and I think it should be. I wouldn't tell anyone to take it as 'the gospel truth'. I don't think it was intended to be. I think this book was written to spark and start fires of curiosity in people's minds; to open up the vault of wonder in all of us.
 Dan Brown proves that a little bit of heresy, a little bit of history and some imagination make for a intriguing story. This book is a good, amazingly quick read for its size. While historians and theologians would quickly point out that some of the theories, history and theology Brown is drawing on wasn't quite represented precisely -- that's not necessarily the point. Brown is exploring themes that are amazingly contemporary yet inextricably linked to controversial history.He certainly adds a unique, challenging and maybe accurate account in some ways. For example, a group like the Templars, Opus Dei, or a topic such as the historical Jesus have all managed to stir up their fair share of controversy in recent times.<br/>Unlike a more challenging title like "The Last Temptation of Christ," the Da Vinci Code manages to build a fictitious world, and tackles these groups and issues in a less head-on way, making it less threatening to readers who may be uncomfortable with long, technical non-fiction books related to these topics and those who are unwilling to tackle Kazantztakis. Brown's world is decidely a work of fiction, making readers who are put off by his premises, comfortable enough to dismiss it as fiction.<br/>This book is a fun read, if even at times predictable. Some of the characters are a bit formulaic at times, but the overall plot of the book advances quickly enough that those are momentary bumps.<br/>The Da Vinci code also superbly manages to play with your mind along the way, challenging the reader to break codes and mysteries, most of which are not so complex to be frustrating or to be entirely implausible.
 I haven't read this book in a long time, but I feel obligated to write a review due to the vast amount of controversy over it.<br/><br/>First, let me just tell you my impressions of the book.  I found it riveting to read.  It is definitely a page-turner which keeps you hooked until the very end.  The chapters are short and there are lots of flashbacks interspersed throughout the book.  Everything is a puzzle and Brown gives you all sorts of clues, but somehow the answer is always just out of reach.  The book has a great amount of suspense and I would recommend it to anyone who loves a terrific thriller / mystery.<br/><br/>For some reason, the book being a riveting page-turner is not enough for some people.  Even though this book is clearly a work of fiction, we have all sorts of religious zealots and determined critics who must chime in with their two cents worth.  The bible thumpers will say all sorts of hocus pocus related to the book and its content.  Critics determined to show you how smart they are will denounce the book and say its full of historical inaccuracies.<br/><br/>I'm not sure why people are going so crazy over this book.  Let me spell it out for everybody:  This book is a work of FICTION.  Period.  Works of fiction are meant to entertain the masses.  If you are interested in historical facts pertaining to religion, read a different book.  If you want a book that will enthrall you until the very end, look no further.
 Very interesting book, but plot was weak.<br/>My feeling is that Dan Brown has a fascination with the Priory of Zion and the mythology about Mary Magdalene, and has done so much research and information gathering.  He then decided he wanted to weave it all into a story, and so created the story around his knowledge, rather than gathering the information to tell the story.
 "The DaVinci Code" undoubtedly deserves its place high on the list of the worst books ever written. Its short chapters insult the intelligence of the reader much like the work (I shudder to use the word) of James Patterson. Clunky dialogue, poorly realized characters, and shoddy research undermine whatever effect the author was attempting to produce. I believe that this book was aggressively promoted into best-sellerdom and then the lemming phenomenon took over. I read it because a friend raved about it, and I watched the DVD later, hoping that it might be an improvement. I was sorely disappointed on all accounts. The most aggravating feature of this book is that the author wasted a golden opportunity to undermine Christianity, but instead undermined his own credibility with the phony research and stilted writing. If you want to read a book that seriously exposes the inadequacies of Christianity, try "Misquoting Jesus," by Bart Ehrman. He's a scholar, but his book is accessible to the average reader.
 I'm really not sure what this book is suppose to be.  Was it an historical fiction? or what Dan Brown made it....a mystery riding on the back of convoluted grail legends.<br/><br/>There are several problems with this book that keep me from giving it a very high rating.  They are as follows:<br/><br/>1.  The writing is very sophomoric.  It is an easy read even at the 454 pages.  Alot of the clues I figured out long before the great Symbologist, Robert Langdon, and the whiz girl Cryptolgist, Sophie Neveu.  Waiting for them to catch up through several pages of reading was just annoying.  The novel starts off great at first, mires down through the middle and the ending seemed to be to quickly contrived.  It is almost like Brown didn't know where to go or how to end the book..especially with all the open ended questions he creates.<br/><br/>2.  I know this is suppose to be some kind of work of fiction but it includes alot of verifiable historical data.  Some ancient and some modern.  The historical aspects of the novel are just too bizarre to be taken for real.  Brown fills the lacuna with to many jumps of fantasy and logic.  First off, the history of the Priory of Sion is just to recent to include the likes of Leonardo and Newton..let alone others. Including the Masons and the Templars, the history is just a hodgepodge of anything that had to do with the Grail.  I'm suprised he didn't include Rennes-le-Chateau as he used the name Sauniere, the Abbot, for the name of museums curator.  His history of Leonardo is just to speculative to be believed.  For most of this there is no evidence to support the theories.  Including the notion that Leonardo was gay is at best speculative and had nothing to do with the novel. Most grail legends come from France and the Biliotheque Nationale de France, the national library of France, is a good source for these. Including the Rosslyn Chapel in Scotland was an obvious choice...If grail seekers had their way Rosslyn would be just a pile of rubble.<br/><br/>3. As a believer in the Bible as the word of God, the novel requires me to put the New Testament in a questionably false position.  The novel is anti-christ anti-savior in nature and puts the life and mission of Jesus in the what-if realm.<br/><br/>If I were a Merovingian what better way to get on the throne of France than to start the rumor that I had the blood of Christ in me, get some documents to show it and the have the poor peasants believe it.  A nice way to get some power.  These secret societies have always been around and the secrets they hold and what value they possess have always been a rich source for legends. There are always people out there trying to tear down any religion but they don't offer anything to replace it or what they do offer is hollow and meaningless.<br/><br/>Writing controversy, especially ones that attack Christian beliefs, is a good sales technique designed to do one thing and one thing only...make lots of money.  Which appears just what his novel has done. Hopefully anyone who reads this book will dive below the straw Dan Brown scatters upon the surface to find the real pearls below.<br/><br/>I rate this:  (Pictures..5 Story..3 History..1) = 3 Stars
 I hear this novel has sold over 6,000,000 copies.  Mr. Brown is no doubt pleased, and loses little sleep over the possibility that in six years no one will be reading his blockbuster.  He has his villa on the Riviera, if he wants it.<br/><br/>I do not wish to disparage his talents.  Suppose you wish to write such a novel and have in mind several characters.  Character A (a handsome American, by the way)is perhaps the world's leading authority on, say, symbolism.  Character B (beautiful by the way) is a brilliant young French cryptologist.  Character C (incredibly wealthy and charming)is an eccentric old English peer who happens to have spent his entire life studying early Christian exotica, including secret societies and the legend of the Holy Grail.<br/><br/>Fate throws them together one dark and stormy night in Europe.  The action is precipitated by character D, a hulking religious albino homicidal maniac who wears a monk's robe and favors barbed wire garters.  He is a (fictitious) postulant in service to Opus Dei (God's work), an arch-conservative semi-secret Catholic sect that is obviously up to no good --desiring, as they do, to crank the wayward church of today back a thousand years or so to when Christians really knew how to suffer. D is not the villain, by the way, and his passion for slaying is excused by the fact that when a kid, other kids teased him about his size and lack of pigmentation.<br/><br/>Okay, now you have four highly original characters, and an opening sequence in which, it turns out, several perfectly nice and distinguished old fellows are murdered by the monk.<br/><br/>Where do you go now?  Well, in this enlightened age, you know how readers love books that moon religion, and especially if the moon-ee is the once venerable but now scandalized Catholic Church.  But you can't just make stuff up, at least not all of it, so you have to do some hard work called research, or hire someone to do it.  What you dig up does not have to be entirely true, as long as it is interesting, especially if it is a little titillating to one's baser instincts.<br/><br/>History being what it is, and humans being who we are, you will discover a number of unsavory truths mixed in with a larger number of equally unsavory untruths, rumors, suspicions, legends, and valid questions.  As a creative person endowed with artistic license, you may crayola some of these tidbits to make them even more delicious, if not salacious. This is called "mining the vein of history."<br/><br/>If you are diligent and blessed with a certain intelligence, you will, out of this stew of possibles, come up with a substory that is so gripping, so bizarre, so full of lust and corruption that few will not want to hear of it.  More work is ahead, for your true genius is revealed in how you plot the story.  When is "fact" X, hinted at or revealed, and by whom or what?  Character A knows much, but not enough; enter character B, to complement A's knowledge.  Even the two are still insufficient (although they are falling in love).  Alas, even the vast erudition of C leaves us wanting.  Read on!  Read on!<br/><br/>Maybe, dear reader, after I don't know how many hundreds of pages, you get tired of the author's continuously advancing carrot and you flip to the final pages to find the final answer.  Then you might wish to turn to another novel about real people in a real world, such as A month in the Country, by J. L. Carr
 Bottom-Line: Anyone with an interest in religious history should enjoy this book, as well as those who enjoy a challenge for their brain<br/><br/>I am not a religious man; truth be told I am an agnostic, a man of logic, reason, and a tad too many questions about the whole God thing for most religious folk to answer.  Organized religion is not for me, there has been and continues to be far to much suffering in the name of God, and far too much hypocrisy at the hands of those we should trust to live virtuous lives.  That I view religious institutions as those set up to control the masses.  But at the same time I am not ready to give up on the idea that there is a higher being responsible for all that we see, and all that we are under the stars.<br/><br/>The being said, the search for the mythical Holy Grail, that cup of life Jesus Christ and his followers are said to have drunk from at the last supper, has intrigued me for a very long time from a purely historical standpoint.  "According to tradition, Joseph of Arimathea kept the Grail after the Last Supper and collected Jesus' blood in it when Jesus was crucified. After being conveyed to Britain, the vessel was passed down from generation to generation in Joseph's family. The Grail supposedly possessed many miraculous properties. It could furnish food for those without sin, and it could blind the impure of heart and strike mute the irreverent who came into its presence"...Microsoft Encarta Reference Library 2005.<br/><br/>The Holy Grail has been the subject of legend since the crucifixion of Jesus Christ some 2005 years ago.  For the faithful it holds enormous meaning, but for those of us on the edge of belief, it is more of a curiosity then anything else.  Legend tells of course that the Holy Grail is a chalice, but in his controversial new book "The Da Vinci Code," author Dan Brown explores another meaning; that the Holy Grail is actually a collection of writings (Gospels) that prove Jesus Christ was a mere mortal, a child of God like the rest of us as opposed to the Son of God's flesh as the world was always led to believe.  Not only that, but Mary Magdalene far from being a prostitute was the chosen companion (wife) of Jesus Christ and that the two had a child together.  He also asserts that Jesus' bloodline survives to this day, a living, breathing testament to Herald's mortality.<br/><br/>But wait, there is more: Brown avows The New Testament of the Holy Bible is a re-telling of Christian history commissioned by the Roman Emperor Constantine (the first Roman ruler to covert to the new religion) when he presided over the first ecumenical council of the church at Nicaea in 325.  The purpose of the New Testament was to elevate Jesus from mere mortal to the Son of God in an effort to unite the Empire under one spiritual conviction, and in the process fuse Pagan symbols with Christian faith, creating one Catholic faith for all to follow.  The Holy Grail as Dan Brown tells it in "The Da Vinci Code," is a collection of religious writing about the life of Jesus that were left out of the New Testament; again proving that Jesus, though a righteous man, was just a man, nothing more.<br/><br/>It is a historical fact that there were as many as 50 Gospels in circulation at the time the New Testament was written and that only 27 made it into the New Testament of the Holy Bible.  What happened the other 23 and what did they have to say about the life and times of Jesus?<br/><br/>Of course "The Da Vinci Code" is a novel, a work of fiction, but with a lot of facts woven into the tightly written text for effect.  Enough factual material is contained in the book to earn the ire of the Catholic Church and the Catholic organization, know as Opus Dei, both of which are portrayed as less than pious with the book.<br/><br/>The Plot<br/><br/>The renowned curator of the famed Louvre Art Museum in Paris France, Jacques Sauniere is dead, slain by a single assassins bullet to the stomach.  But before he died, he left a number of intriguing clues to a closely guarded secret he and four other men (also slain the same night) were the guardians of.  The clues can only be deciphered by his Grand daughter, Sophie Neveu a cryptologist with the French Judicial Police, and a renowned professor of Religious Symbology Robert Langdon, who teaches at Harvard University and in Paris to give a lecture and slide show "about pagan symbolism hidden in the stones of Chartres Cathedral..."<br/><br/>After Jacques Sauniere's is found dead a captain of the France's Direction Centrale Police Judiciaire, one Bezu Fache, is called in to investigate.  He sends his able right hand Lieutenant Jerome Collet over to the Ritz Hotel in the middle of the night to collect Langdon to help explain the clues Jacques Sauniere has left, or so he says.<br/><br/>Sophie Neveu, understands some clues in the from of codes, puzzle boxes, and poems her Grand-pere (Grandfather) has left behind, and together with Langdon, who lends his knowledge to her own, she traverses Paris, London and finally Glasgow in a search for the Holy Grail's final resting place.  Along the way we are treated to quite a history lesson.  We learn for instance that Sauniere was the Grand Master of an ages old secret religious society that was formed to protect the Holy Grail and the heirs of Jesus from the Church since the 12th century.  The secret society called the Priory of Sion, which Sir Isaac Newton and Leonardo Da Vinci were members, is a real organization.  As are the places Langdon and Sophie visit in search of clues to the Holy Grail's location.<br/><br/>Perhaps the most intriguing aspect of "The Da Vinci Code" is not the search for the Holy Grail, but the fascinating, and oft eye-opening journey into human history I was treated to along the way.  In writing the "The Da Vinci Code" Dan Brown did a fair amount of detailed research and it shows in the pages of his book.  The book is rich in historical and artistic detail; his descriptions of the churches and other places Langdon and Sophie visited left me wanting for more; so much so, that I was compelled to do my own research into people, places, and things mentioned in the book, in order to satisfy my own need to know.<br/><br/>In the end, "The Da Vinci Code" became an obsession, a book I couldn't put down because it intrigued me so.  It is a brain teaser, a book that engages the mind in a quest to figure out the codes before the characters do, and it fueled my hunger to know more about the often shrouded past of the Catholic Church, and ultimately the Holy Grail itself.  Is it just a mere chalice or is it more?  Anyone with an interest in religious history should enjoy this book, as well as those who enjoy a challenge for their brain.
 The Da Vinci Code is a fast-paced, exciting thriller that will hold your interest from the opening pages to the final page. Brown, in his latest thriller, starts you off with a vicious murder in the Louvre and takes you on a search for the Holy Grail. What makes The Da Vinci Code several levels above the average thriller is Brown's ability to use the impeccable research he did to provide a fascinating interpretation of Western history and to describe historical events that are as interesting as the suspenseful murder investigation itself. I think that if you can put aside whatever your strong personal beliefs are about "the Truth" and not take the book too seriously, you'll consider The Da Vinci Code to be among the most interesting and entertaining novels you've read in a long time. The one flaw in this book for me -- and it's a very minor one -- is that Brown could have been more descriptive about the physical appearances of the hero and heroine to enable you to have good picture in your mind about what they looked like. I highly recommend The Da Vinci Code to you. Enjoy!
 "Unfortunately for Langdon, he had turned out to be more than a tutor tonight. He had become the target of Bezu Fache... and some unseen force intent on possessing the Holy Grail.<br/><br/>`Whatever the Grail turns out to be.'<br/><br/>Sophie wondered if it was worth her life."<br/><br/>This was a line from the now famous book called The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown. He is also the writer of the novel Angels and Demons. This intriguing fictional story is one of action, adventure, clues and mystery. The main character in this book is Robert Langdon. His job is to look for deeper meanings in things like religion and art.<br/><br/>He's in France on a tour of his new book, when he gets a call from the police asking him to come look at a murder because there is something strange about this one. When he shows up at the Louve (a famous art museum in Paris), there is some thing different. The man who was murdered laid himself out, imitating Leonardo da Vinci's famous Virtuvian Man. The man left clues for Robert to supposedly find his murderer. But it turns out to be much more than that. The clues lead Robert, and Sophie Nevue on a wild goose chase all over the globe to find none other than THE Holy Grail. With never ending plot twists and outstanding characters, this book is for everyone who loves a good story.
 I never thought I would fall into the trap, yet I was entrigued by the books premise.  You all have heard it by now, so I don't need to repeat it.  What I need to say is that this book is beyond the scope of anything I have read previously.  EVER.  Yeah, it's true to say that I don't agree with what mr. brown is alluding to and what kind of a revelation he uncovers, but what I will say is that I respect him beyond almost any other author I've previously read because of his reviting plot and entriguing characters.  I just could simply not put the book down.  I picked it up on a friday night and had it finished during the early hours of sunday.  At least for me, that's quite a gripping book.  If you are a fan of anything fiction, please please check this out.<br/>One thing that makes this book stand out is all the research that mr. brown had to do.  I had such a great time uncovering the secrets of The Mona Lisa, Virgin on the Rocks, the origins of the pentacle, the olympics, venus and its orbit, the number "e", and most especially the Priory of Sion.  The wealth of knowledge you absorb from the novel is enough alone.  Then of course there is the page turning quality of the novel and all of the hours of sleep you will lose.  Things that he mentions in the earlier parts of the story surprise you.  Then, geniously, he brings them back again with an even greater meaning that makes you beg the question, "how did he do that?"  So you've heard my two cents, now read the novel yourself so you can formulate your own.  Whether you agree with his viewpoint or believe it's a load of garbage, you'll still find yourself on the ride of your life.
 Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code is a good book. I must say, honestly, that I enjoyed Angels and Demons (the prequel to Da Vinci Code) more than I did this one, but I still liked it nonetheless. Robert Langdon is summoned to the Louve Museum, where the body of a man is discovered with certain symbology around him. Langdon eventually traces down the source of the man's symbols (with help from his grand-daughter Sophia, a cryptologist in the French Police) and soon learns that the clues to the man's death point to an ancient society that has protected the Holy Grail for centuries. It contains a secret that most people would love to get their hands on and Langdon must not only find the grail, but keep it safe from those that would see it destroyed. The adventure is fun and daring, and the bad guy is not exactly who you think he is. I found the ending good, but it didn't have all the action of Angels and Demons.  Still a great read though.
 This book took off with and bang and the sprinter's pace continued throughout this marathon race to find the Holy Grail.<br/>The book begins in Paris, France with a murder. On the surface, the clues from the murder point to the hero, a Harvard professor, and before he knows what is happening he and the heroine are on the run from the police. The story takes the reader from Paris, to London, to Scotland, and back to Paris in a breakneck pace. The main characters must solve the riddles and codes left for them, while avoiding the authorities and the people behind the murder.<br/>I enjoyed this book alot. I had heard and read of a number of the points (Dead Sea Scrolls and DaVinci's artwork) and enjoyed Brown's weaving them into a very exciting story. The codes and clues to solve for the location of the Grail were clever, and added to the suspense of this thriller.<br/>The information that Brown gives the reader will cause some to rethink what they've known. At a minimum it should cause the reader to look up more information on the subjects.<br/>A very good and enjoyable read.
 The Good: Dan Brown has written a real page-turner. I am not usually one to read until I pass out, but this book was difficult to put down from page 1 on. It was quickly paced and had many unexpected twists. Also, although I am not an expert on the theories of the Mary Magdelene / Jesus relationship, it appeared that Mr. Brown did his research.<br/><br/>The Bad: the characters in this novel are not well developed and quite shallow. Brown hints at a romantic connection between the two central characters, but fails miserable. There is no chemistry between the two and he should have removed the "love connection" and focused more on creating richer, fuller people. Others may also find Mr. Brown's writing style a bit juvenile. The book may not have been written for the doctorate crowd, but I thought the language was at least adequate.<br/><br/>The Ugly: Honestly, I also felt a bit dirty reading the novel. It was difficult for me to read what I might consider to be blasphemous, and then easily fall asleep. I continually needed to remind myself that this is only a work of fiction. Readers must also remember a essential quote from the book: "In the end, which side of the story you believe becomes a matter of faith and personal exploration, ...." Approached from this point of view, the book is a very entertaining read.
 I have read all of Mr. Brown's books and am glad his work is finally getting the attention it deserves. The Da Vinci code takes the lead character from what I think is Mr. Brown's best book, Angels and Demons, and plants him at the scene of a murder within the Louvre. The story moves with the speed of a hit hollywood movie, and from what I understand it may well become one. This has been Mr. Brown's style with all his books. Short chapters that almost always end suspensefully, forcing the reader to keep committing to "just a few more pages" before going to bed. I have never taken more than 72 hours to read one of Mr. Brown's books. They are just too hard to put down!<br/>The Da Vinci code is extremely well-researched, and it is amazing how Mr. Brown is able to craft a puzzle with so many twists, turns and double-meanings. If you haven't read the Da Vinci code yet and have an interest, I'd suggest reading Angels and Demons first. It isn't at all necessary to understanding the Da Vinci code, but it does give you an introduction to Robert Langdon and is the first book in this series that I am sure will be long-running and successful.
 STORY BRIEF:<br/>Jacques, the curator of the Louvre has been murdered.  Before he died he wrote some strange numbers and words on the floor which ended with "find Robert Langdon."  The police believe Langdon to be the murderer.  The reader soon discovers that the message was meant for Jacques' granddaughter Sophie who works as a cryptologist for the police.  Jacques wanted Sophie to find Robert Langdon to help her.  Sophie helps Robert escape from the police.  Together they are on the run from the police and others as they try to solve a series of coded messages from her grandfather.<br/><br/>Jacques was a member of a secret group hiding and guarding the Holy Grail for 2000 years.  Jacques was probably the last one to know where it was hidden, and he apparently is passing this on to Sophie.<br/><br/>Silas is a strange albino who serves a bishop and someone called "Teacher."  Teacher orders Silas to kill Jacques and others.  Teacher then sends Silas after Robert and Sophie.<br/><br/>REVIEWER'S OPINION:<br/>It's a good story.  Good plot.  Lots of interesting action and ideas.  Really good collection of characters.  My favorite line was Robert's female students describing his voice as "chocolate for the ears."<br/><br/>You get a "huge dose" of talk about religious symbols and ideas.  It's speculative fiction.  Only parts are true.  The major speculation is that Mary Magdalene had a significant role in Jesus' life which was covered up and hidden by early religious organizations.  One of the reasons this book is so successful is that it generates religious discussion and debate.  It was required reading by my son in high school.  That kind of requirement will definitely help sales.  But I am simply judging it as "fiction."  In that framework I did not like two parts.  A minor complaint was that there was almost too much riddle within riddle to be solved.  It had a treasure hunt/comic book/pulp fiction feel - whatever that means.  It wasn't bad.  It was just odd - maybe not realistic enough for me.<br/><br/>The worst part was the ending.  I want happy endings with the mystery solved, found, shown, and/or explained.  This book did not give me a satisfying ending.  See Spoiler below.<br/><br/>SEMI-SPOILER ABOUT THE UNSATISFYING ENDING:<br/>The hero "assumes" he knows where the Holy Grail is, but the reader does not get to confirm it or see it.  I get the feeling the author wanted to leave it as a mystery to further discussion and debate about the book.  But I wanted to see it.  One could still "debate."  The author didn't have to leave it as "a mystery."  Also the reader learns something interesting about Sophie, but nothing happens with that.  That part wasn't developed enough or finished.<br/><br/>AUDIOBOOK VERSION:<br/>The narrator Paul Michael was good.  For about 45 minutes at the end of the audiobook, the author's father, the author, and the movie screenwriter talk about the book.  That was interesting.<br/><br/>DATA:<br/>Unabridged audiobook length: about 17 hours.  Narrator: Paul Michael.  Swearing language: none that I recall.  Sexual content: none.  Setting: current day mostly France and England.  Copyright: 2003.  Genre: religious mystery action thriller.
 While the conspiracy theory piece of the novel is well researched and interesting, it cannot make up for such egregious stylistic faults as the over-use of the verb 'grin', eyes constantly described as 'twinkling', and the author's inability to trust either his characters or his reader.  Everything is over-explained to a fault, and the two page chapters go from annoying at the beginning to insulting by the end.  One of his characters is a French woman, but her dialogue reads like a first year French student.  To get around the fact that he obviously does not speak French, Mr. Brown uses the completely unbelievable tool of making English part of her personal history.  Her flashbacks inevitably begin with an insipid, childlike question in French, countered by the admonition "English in the home!" from her grandfather.  Anyone who has ever lived amongst the French will recognize immediately how completely implausible this scenario is.  Why not italicize her speech so that the reader knows that it has been translated for his or her benefit?  There are many other ways to accomplish a bilingual novel that respect the intelligence of the reader and make the characters believable.  There is not enough space provided here to detail all the flaws in this book.  But I can say this: I gobble up trashy mystery novels and sophisticated literature alike (and everything in between) - I love to read and will read almost anything - but this book made me regret having learned to read.  I would not recommend it to my worst enemy.  Had I not been on an airplane when I finished it, I would have thown against the wall!  If you're interested in the history of Da Vinci and the Mona Lisa, this is not the place to get that information.  Mr. Brown did do a fine piece of research.  The history of the Priory and Opus Dei was truly interesting.  It is unfortunate that he chose to write "The Da Vinci Code" rather than a non-fiction piece.  Suffering through the plot is too high a price for knowledge that could easily been found in some other, better book.  Dan Brown successfully did this research, and I advise that you do the same.
 Despite the occasional sophomoric exchanges between the main characters, this story -- regardless of what you believe or what faiths you hold -- is a very well organized tale. The entire thrust occupies the late hours of one day to the morning of the next. This timeframes enforces the highest organizational skills for the characters to play their play. It also enforces a few real-life notions that one is better to ignore as he reads. The players for the most part seem genuine and are well depicted. The crux of the book is well presented, regardless of your spiritual faith. One feels very much a part of the action. Seemingly real characters are acting out seemingly real exchanges.<br/><br/>The first major surprise in this book I did not find satisfying. The last few pages revealed another I found far more meaningful and satisfying.<br/><br/>A fun book for most to read, and something to ponder.
 I thought this was a good book, an attention-keeper, and something that makes you want to learn more about what's going on in the conspiracies of the world.  I probably learned more about mathematical sequences, ancient cults and modern-day tensions in the Church than I expected.  Then again, I didn't expect any of that when I started the book.<br/>The only thing that I have against it, is that the death of the Louvre's director is the thread that keeps it going throughout the book.  Whenever a little "pick me up" is needed, we find it in one of the clues left behind by this man.  That in itself is not bad -- but then I realized how much this individual was able to accomplish in the twenty or thirty minutes that he had to live after he had been shot.  In a way, it's almost like something from a Saturday-morning cartoon -- here's a guy who's been shot in the stomach, experiencing an agonizing death, and still has presence of mind to leave a large amount of clues behind for others to find.  Truly amazing.<br/>Great read, makes you want to dust off those old math books and look for pictures of honey bees and sunflowers.  Now I know whey they were in those books.
 I have to say, it was quite a read. Fast. To the point of my husband telling me to turn off the light and go to sleep already.<br/>I must agree with the most of the reviewers that once you start, you can't put it down. Or if you do, you don't want to put it down. It does go by fast. For most parts.<br/>But is it really factual? There are some vague factual-esque elements in the novel, but that's just it - it's a fictional novel. If you're a baby-christian or a non-believer, you can get suckered into what Dan Brown is trying to pass off as pseudo-fiction.<br/>Okay, I had some issues and/or questions too. like, if da vinci was a homosexual man, what was he doing siring so many children? or how about Sir Isaac Newton being a Christian? Do you suppose one can be a Christian and have pagan beliefs? Can one man serve two masters?<br/>The little tidbits of information that I read were quite interesting. The character development left much to be desired. What triggered me to the fact that this is nothing more than a fluffy no-brainer summer read is that the author - in lack of better words -  stinks].<br/>Was it just me or was i the only one that knew immediately who the baddy was? (I won't say the name because that'd  stink] for someone else reading this review before purchasing it.) I felt like he was "chosen" as the baddy because Brown couldn't figure out anyone that really could be. It seemed too obvious and too simple. I mean, come on. In the plane, they're all talking about the &lt;stuff&gt;. with Remy and Silas on board in the back!? Great way to be hush-hush.<br/>Aringarosa was probably there to throw people off and give it a subplot but he was just a nuisance to the entire story's flow.<br/>And honestly... Sophie saw her grampa doing the naughty. So what? Get over it. This really truly annoyed me to no end. She sounded more prissy American or English than French.<br/>But what was really sad was how Brown ended the book. He wanted this ridiculous fairytale ending. with some warm embrace and some lip smacking. PLEASE leave the descriptive smut to the writers of authors of romance novels. I mean, in the beginning of the book, he's writing about how Langdon is thinking about Vittoria (the heroine from Angels and Demons, I assume, since I have not read that book) a few times. but - mind you, this entire story happens over a period of like 36 hours - he ends up hooking up with a chick he barely knows? Whiff of her perfume as he leans in and voila! Vittoria who? (By the way, she's not mentioned again for the rest of the book.) Dan Brown, please don't write romance. You obviously  stink] at it. And I read enough smut and chick lit to be able to state this as a fact, not an opinion.<br/>So, in a nutshell, some wishy-washy factoid wannabes, obvious antagonist, quasi climax and a really bad letdown, an attempt at religious brainwashing, and soggy plot makes not a great novel. Fast read? yes. Great novel? hell no.
 Dan Brown presents a highly controversial theory in this book. He writes a story centering on Jesus Christ and the church.  The characters in The Da Vinci Code are on a long, risky scavenger hunt searching for the long kept secret of an undercover society. This special illustrated edition of the Da Vinci Code has many vivid color pictures of the items and places that the characters are searching for.  It is very helpful to have the pictures for reference.<br/><br/>The story begins like any other murder mystery. Brown begins the book with the murder of a prominent Louvre curator. Robert Langdon, a prominent symbologist, and Sophie Neveu, the victim's grand daughter, attempt to find the killer. They never expect to find so many puzzles and clues leading up to such an unimaginable secret kept by an undercover society, the Priory of Scion, composed of some of the most famous men in history. The most prominent member of this society was Leonardo Da Vinci who hid the secret in his painting, The Last Supper.<br/><br/>This book presented the topic in the form of an exciting and controversial novel. Furthermore, more people than ever are discussing the big secret supposedly covered up by the Church. Many other books have been published explaining the facts and misconceptions presented in The Da Vinci Code. There have even been television specials and soon there will be a major motion picture. The movie is expected to be a blockbuster (Tom Hanks has been cast to play the lead role.) Even if everything in the book is false, Dan Brown has made it seem believable. What makes this book so widely debated is the way that Brown seamlessly combines fact and fiction to write a highly believable yet controversial novel. It has been on the bestseller's list since its debut.  Even though Dan Brown's theory may never be proven to be true, he has certainly created doubt in the minds of many. Brown has turned a theory into a bestselling novel. He has turned fiction into the believable. If you like The Da Vinci Code, you may also like Angels and Demons by Dan Brown. It is the prequel to The Da Vinci Code. Robert Langdon is on another chase for the truth in that book.
 I read this book when it first came out, long before all this ridiculous controversy.  Frankly, I was not all that impressed.  If Mr. Brown meant to telegraph the answers to the puzzles in the story then he succeeded, if not, well, then, I'm afraid he failed...miserably.  It was all so obvious.  I give the book a 3 because it was fairly well written and the historical aspects were very interesting and well presented.<br/><br/>What is all the hullaball about the Jesus and Mary relationship!  This is nothing new.  It's nothing that scholars haven't been debating for centuries and certainly nothing that the average person hasn't considered.  To tell you the truth, if Jesus did have an intimate relationship with Mary it would make him far more loving and accessible than this aloof image of purity and perfection that the "church" would like us to believe in.  But then, that is the issue isn't it.  Conventional religion can't allow the "common masses" personal access to "God", that would make them rather superfluous, wouldn't it.<br/><br/>It's not a bad book and some of it is interesting.  If you don't have another book that you REALLY want to read, this one will fill an evening or two and as I've already stated, some of it is interesting.
 I do not feel that I am in a position about he writing on this book or the plot. However, as a Catholic who is a 'cooperator' with Opus Dei, I must inform you that a major part of the Religious Content in this book is just WRONG. Jesus is not married to Mary Magdela. There are no monks, friars, nuns or deacons in Opus Dei. Opus Dei is made up of cooperators (people who support Opus Dei but are not members) supernumeraries (married and live at home), associates (celibates who live at home), numeraries (celibates who live in an Opus Dei house), priests who are numeraries or associates (and report to the head of Opus Dei) or dioscean preists (report to diocean bishop). Also, personal prelature does not mean the popes prrsonal group of priests. It just means that Opus Dei priests report to the head of Opus Dei instead of the dioscean bishop. Members of Opus Dei are not obbligated to but may excercise corporal punishment. This is not meant to be painful or tourture, but to cause a displeasure that can then be sacfificed to God. This may invole sleepingbon the floor or with out a pillow. For women, placing boards over the bed. Light switches  or a chain of small spikes can also be used with a preists permission. None of the punishments ever cause bleeding.<br/>In all, read the book but bear in mind that it is fiction and should not be used as reliable information about religiou topics
 With all the hype about this book, I was looking forward to reading it, however, I got ahold of Brown's Angels and Demons first and read that first.  The Da Vinci Code was very good, but I was a bit disappointed that it seemed to follow a formula that I had seen almost exactly in Angels and Demons with regard to the characters and plot development.<br/>Despite the formulaic style of the writing that annoyed me somewhat, the book was still very good.  As in Angels and Demons, I don't know how much of the information regarding the subject matter is accurate, but it worked well for the purposes of the story, and I think that's most important in fiction.  Brown does a good job of withholding and revealing information at the right times so you are always wanting to know more, but you find out enough to not get frustrated.<br/>If you've read Angels and Demons, you may find this a little too similar, but it's still good.  If you haven't read Angels and Demons, than this will be much better.  I will probably read more of Brown's books, but likely not anything with Robert Langdon in it.
 A dear friend gave me Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" for Christmas last year. He said it was such an interesting read, and was sure I would love it. I started reading the book Thursday morning on the train, got completely hooked after a few pages, and finished it in a few long sittings over the weekend.<br/><br/>In short, the protagonist Robert Langdon, Harvard symbologist, is in Paris for work. Late one night at the hotel, he receives a phone call. It is the police, informing him that Monsieur Jacques Sauniere, the curator of the Louvre Museum have been murdered. Monsieur Sauniere was murdered inside the museum, and before he died, he left a bizarre, coded message. Robert Landon and a young female French cryptologist, Madame Sophie Neveu, have been called to the crime scene to assist the police.... of course, everyone involved have skeletons in the closet, nothing is as it seems to be, but I'll leave it there, so I don't spoil the fun for you.<br/><br/>"The Da Vinci Code" is not great writing. No one will use the same superlatives for Brown's prose as they would use for Hemingway's. Further, Brown may have presented historical events in this book as facts when it is fiction, and some of the facts presented are just plain incorrect. Anyway, all this is really beside the point ! It doesn't matter....<br/><br/>The one thing you cannot challenge is that "The Da Vinci Code" is hugely entertaining ! This was a great, riveting story.  I loved it ! I highly recommend it !!<br/><br/>On a personal note, I have the stunning Collector's edition. It is a beautiful, beautiful book. It makes the reading much more interesting as you have great pictures of all the buildings, places, people, and the magnificent paintings mentioned in the book. If you can afford it, buy the illustrated version !<br/><br/>PS. My friend was recently in Paris. He  told me that the Louvre Museum now offers "The Da Vinci Code" - tours ! ... so, that's what I'll be doing next time I'm in Paris !
 The only reason why I read this book is because my mother and father got it as a Christmas gift for me.  Of course, I'd seen this book a trillion times, in the bookstore, but never even thought about reading it because I mostly read non-fiction genre.  However, I basically finished this book in one reading - during my returning flight from New York to California.  I couldn't believe that I actually was going to pass up reading this book!  I phoned my mother as soon as I got into California, to thank her for giving me that book!<br/>Basically the book is a suspense novel about the inner-workings of the Secret Societies and the role of such organization(s) as they pertain to a murder which transpired in the Louvre museum.  Once you start reading this book, you cannot possibly put it down!  Granted, there are portions that are quite deep insofar as the level of research involved - especially in regards to the Secret Societies and Art History - however, it is an incredibly fascinating storyline!<br/>You do not need to have background understanding of the Secret Societies or Art History, though it would be quite helpful, because the author has eloquently written in a manner which is quite accessible to the "rookie" as well as the "veteran."<br/>Although this book is supposedly in the fiction category, one can't help but wonder how much of the operations of the Secret Societies is actually non-fiction!<br/>You be the judge!
 With all the historic and factual data, Dan Brown must have spent years doing research for just this one wonderfully-written, intriguing book.  I saw the movie before reading this book and I was so lost trying to follow the movie.  This book is one of the best books I have ever read.  My favorite character was the audacious Leigh Teabing; such richness and well-developed character.  I cannot praise this book enough.  Dan Brown deserved every penny this book brought in.
 it's funny - of all the negative reviews I've seen for this book, most seem to be from the type of people who expect their fiction to be completely factual (now does that make sense?) or from those who take exception to the religious suggestions/overtones of this work.<br/>I was caught up in this book from the very beginning (which is always a nice surprise) and couldn't put it down until I reached the end.  The author did a marvelous job of bringing into the story an alternate religious view and tying everything together with multi-layered puzzles and symbols hidden within the works of DaVinci.  It's fast paced and full of great action - I couldn't believe it all takes place over the course of two or three days!<br/>Some people can get so caught up in an exciting and plausible story that they wouldn't hear you if you shouted in their face - if this sounds like you, I'd say you'll love this book.  If, on the other hand, you find it offensive that a vague reference to the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls is off by a few years, maybe you should look for some good non-fiction.
 I wanted to love this book, because the plot, the ideas, and the themes of ancient spirituality sounded so promising. For the most part, you do get a bit of factual information that's intriguing enough to get you thinking.<br/>But the breathless pace of the plot is simply made-for-TV. There's not a moment to pause and really see into the characters. Each chapter is about three pages long and ends with some tantalizing little bit that reminds me of a blackout before a commercial.<br/>The code itself is sometimes dazzling and sometimes impossibly obvious. There were times I had to snap the book shut in disgust because the supposedly brilliant protagonist couldn't solve a basic riddle or recognize Da Vinci's famous mirror writing. And frankly, Da Vinci really has not much at all to do with the plot.<br/>One would think that a thriller directed at an educated audience would be written with a little more care, more realistic dialogue and a hint of verisimilitude. I really couldn't believe any of the bold escape plans. Plus, for a book so focused on female spirituality, why is the Sophie character so distant and never allowed to show her own sexual side?<br/>It's not a total disappointment, but I found myself let down by the final pages. This book could have been brilliant. It's just average.
 This is a unique book in the sense that the author uses a thrilling plot to put across his perspective on history. In the process you end up reading a lot of history that you would not otherwise care for. In a way this is similar to what Vishnu Sharma, the composer of Panchatantra did, though Panchatantra contains hundreds of interlocking tales, all designed to teach the readers a lesson.<br/><br/>And that's what Dan Brown has done. He has used this book to tell people what many scholars have believed for a long time, that there are many things about the Catholic Church that we don't know. And some of these things are not so nice. That is perhaps the reason why the book irritates some readers.<br/><br/>The plot is interesting, particularly if you haven't already read Angels and Demons, which is almost similar in structure and style. What is also interesting is the side-trips into art history and religious symbolism that the hero keeps making all the time. As I said, the plot is only the sugar-coating around the bitter pill, so expect a lot of these side trips.<br/><br/>However, it must be remembered that interpretation of religious symbols is extremely controversial and is often affected by academic extermism. Therefore, such interpretation must not be treated as a valid comment on a faith, unless endorsed by the practitioners or scholars from within the faith itself. Some of the interpretations of religious sysmbols are downright idiotic and hilarious: for instance, he tells us that entrance to a church building actually symbolises entering a woman's genitals. Like many others, he also sees the sexual in the sacred almost everywhere - though he misses the obvious sexuality of his companion till the very end of the novel.<br/><br/>This edition has most of the pictures of the places mentioned in the book, which makes it come more alive. However, as a result the book is much bigger and heavier, which makes it difficult to read in the bed or to carry it on a journey. My son insisted on buying the paperback also, because he found it too big to handle!<br/><br/>Dan Brown's take on Church history has also spawned a bit of a storm and a backlash. Most people don't like their beliefs being questioned (though the Church often forgets this when it comes to dealing with other faiths). The book also contains many statements which are not really verifiable, and are probably an exercise in intellectual speculation. This has led to a string of denials, and has spawned a series of books which tell you whether Dan Brown's da Vinci Code is based on facts or on fiction.<br/><br/>Ultimately then you should buy this book for its tale, and for the lesson that there may be many alternative truths.
 I was familiar with "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" so the plot of the "Da Vinci Code" was not that surprising. Everybody and their sister has probably read this book already, but for the few out of the loop go ahead and get it and read it on the plane or in the bathroom, the best place for it. It is a very exciting and readable book, like most best selling sensations, but I'd suggest to carry around a giant grain of salt and take the book with it.<br/><br/>  I am not religious, but even I found this book sacrilegious. Not to spoil anything but Jesus comes off as too real of a guy. I found the art history thing interesting, I guess Dan Brown's  wife helped him with that -- maybe she should write a book? I have met a lot of people who love this book, my reaction is a shrug.<br/><br/>However, I did see that the book has come out with pictures of the paintings talked about in it and the places in Europe where a lot of the action takes place. So, if you are going to buy this book get the one with the many pictures in it to help visualize the "Mona Lisa" for example; because I had to try to find Da Vinci's picture on the internet to understand Dan Brown descriptions and points.<br/><br/>Also, for all of those people that read "Foucault's Pendulum" the moral of that story about these three Italian friends inventing a conspiracy from historical guess work, with no basis in fact, seems eerily familiar to the "Da Vinci Code", the book and the popularity of the book. Like detective novels where you find out who did it in the end and the world order is returned, conspiracy theories give the same deluded sense of control that there is someone in control behind the curtains dictating things -- thus there is someone to blame and there is some one in control.<br/><br/>  In addition, If you want to read a good historical mystery in the vein of "The Da Vinci Code" might I suggest "The Dante Club" but not so much "The Sign of the four".
 Having been mildly interested in stories of the Holy Grail after a trip to Rosslyn Chapel in 1999, it was with great anticipation that I finally read THE DA VINCI CODE.  It did not disappointment me in the least.  One hallmark of a good book to me is that it makes me think and makes me read more about something I learned in the book.  I have already read two of the books mentioned in TDC (those in Teabing's library), and as a domino effect, have bought several others.  But this book is not a history book or a book on art appreciation although it does make it even more interesting if you are interested in those things.  It is a first-rate thriller.  I wasn't able to figure out the villain until it was revealed to the reader (having been totally wrong in who I had guessed it to be).  Of course the scenes at Rosslyn Chapel really came to life as I had remembered it.  My book group read this and I wholeheartedly recommend it as a book group selection. We had our best discussion ever, I shared photos of Rosslyn Chapel and Westminster Abbey while another member brought books she purchased at the Louvre.  I can't say enough good things about this book.  My husband read it right after I finished (right after he read Brown's ANGELS AND DEMONDS).  This book justly deserves all the attention it has been receiving and justly deserves its place on top of the bestseller lists.
 No, I'm not here to comment on any aspect of Brown's treatment of Christianity. When I read this book, I was merely looking for a gripping historical novel. Unfortunately, this book fell far short of the mark. The major weakness is Brown's unaccomplished writing. He displays just about every habit of a poor writer: characters tend to overreact to obvious events, the author feels compelled to explain every simple idea to the reader, unnecessary excuses for necessary plot elements (e.g., French characters speaking English) are introduced repeatedly, the author attempts to create tension through the tired cliche of ending each chapter with a pseudo-cliffhanger ("she couldn't believe what she was witnessing!") which is resolved later in the book, the dialogue is stilted, and so on. Even the main theme of the book (obvious from the start), which is intrisically interesting regarless of your religion (or lack thereof), cannot overcome the author's incompetent writing. To be fair to Brown he does seem to have researched this book, but he just didn't have the skill to put it all together.
 Everyone on the planet has felt the need to weigh in on this book, decrying it as blasphemy, screaming about whether or not the Knights Templars and the Priory were real, or, further, whether they had anything to do with the Sange Real or the Mergovian line, whether Christ died for our sins, whether He lived at all, etc.<br/><br/>First, this is a work of fiction. People became so angered about the alleged premise here that they seem to have forgotten that Dan Brown wrote this book as fiction and sold it as such. Books like Michael Piaget Holy Blood Holy Grail cover whether or not any of this is real. But even accepting that Brown never made any representation and people take things like this way too seriously, this book got too much press. This is not a bad book. It's well-enough written, and relatively fast-paced. But it's not a GREAT book, and not even the best of Brown's "heretical" novels (an honour I would reserve for Angels and Demons.) If this book had been about anything in the world other than suggesting that Christ had a child, it would have been on the bargain rack in most airports behind the unsold John Grishams within a week.<br/><br/>Remember, kiddies: Just because it's controversial does NOT mean it's great literature. (For further lessons on the medicocre-book-propelled-to-international-stardom-by-religion, please see The Satanic Verses)  close]
 Besides the story in this book was about christianity , I found the symbols described in the book are both informative and fascinating. The author provided elaborate details on many symbols that we all familiar with. I was amazed to learn the meanings of so many interesting and famous symbols that I was unable to decode before.<br/>As for the facts about religion mentioned in this book, they are certainly constroversial. I think the author was inclined to do this. He provided facts that he found from researches, and he included a lot of his own perspective and opinons. Then, he left them for the reader to think about them.<br/>Overall, I think the book was absolutely worth reading. Not only the story is fascinating, but also it allow me to gain a whole new insight of the world surrounding us.<br/>I do agreed one thing. When the first scientist (human) said that the earth was a round,circle shape, all the people thought that person was insane. No one believed him at the time because people were told by what should be believed in and what shouldn't. In other words, we are often influence by what our society wants us to believe. What I am trying to say is, something that we think does not exist today, its existence might be proven some time later.<br/>I hope anyone who read this book will enjoy as much as I do.
 Dan Brown's popular, best selling novel, The Da Vinci Code, introduces the Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon who is suspected by Parisian police to have murdered the head curator of the Louvre. The curator is shot dead inside the museum, trapped inside one of the locked down rooms, and appears to have scrawled a message in ultraviolet ink next his own body. The message points to Robert Langdon and the Paris agent, Captain Bezu Fache, is dead set on arresting Langdon.<br/><br/>Sophie Nevue is a Paris cryptologist with the police force who receives a copy of the coded message left by the curator, who, in actuality, is her grandfather. She sees meaning in the message and immediately shows up on the crime scene to assist, though not in the obvious manner. She helps Langdon escape from the Captain and together they travel across France and Great Britain piecing together the tiny clues that end up guiding them on an epic quest to solve the curator's murder and ultimately uncover a two thousand year old secret; a secret that has been the cause of hundreds of years of war and bloodshed, kept hidden by a secret brotherhood.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is a gripping story that moves from one puzzle to the next with surprising depth and reality. Amazingly enough Dan Brown creates a story that is not so entirely focused on characterization but keeps the reader's interest throughout the entire book. There is character development but it is not central to the story. Purely plot driven, this story takes you on a trip through the crusades to renaissance to the modern era easily with little awareness of time.<br/><br/>This story is well told, contains solid description, and is rife with historic and fictional details enough to almost convince you of this book being a true historic account. Truly a fictional tale it is told with a practical cadence that is undeniably compelling. The religious subject matter an obvious bone of contention for Christian believers that justifies the publicity the book has earned over the last couple years.<br/><br/>Over all, this is a very fast and entertaining book to indulge in, providing a thought provoking idea based in part on some truth, as the most believable lies can be. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys an action novel with a twist and likes to follow deeply meaningful puzzles throughout a book. Definitely not one to put down.
 Professor Robert Langdon of Harvard University is in Paris to lecture and meet with a curator of the Louvre. Instead, the police take him from his hotel to the Louvre, where he finds the curator murdered. He is stunned to find that all evidence points to him as the murderer of a man he had never met. But Sophie Neveu, a police cryptographer and granddaughter of the curator, shocks Langdon further by maneuvering him into escaping from the police. On the run, she explains that she does not believe that he murdered her grandfather. The curator was the head of a secret society that dated back to the time of Christ and protected a great secret. She wants to find the secret. Pursued by police, they soon find that they are also pursued by the murderers. To their astonishment, they find that the secret they seek is nothing less than the Holy Grail. Their breathtaking flight extends from France to London and on to its climax in Scotland. Brown's ending of his story is less than thrilling, but the chase, which occupies most of the book, is well worth reading.
 'The Da Vinci Code' by Dan Brown quite simply is one of the greatest books I have ever read. There is a very good reason why this book has sold millions upon millions of copies, and remains near the top of every bestseller list years after its release.<br/><br/>Repeat, there is a reason why.<br/><br/>In his novel, Dan Brown begins with a murder inside the Louvre and then goes from there to spin a tale the likes of which few authors have ever been able to create. The work that Brown does here is an opus, it's the kind of life's work that few authors hope to come close to reaching.<br/><br/>I find it fascinating looking at all the reviews that have been posted, as there seems to be no middle ground when it comes to "The Da Vinci Code". Either one loves it or hates it, and for the most part, people LOVE this book. Like the movie Million Dollar Baby with it's controversial turn, this book looks Christians squarely in the face and when they look back in return many don't like what they are staring at. I am not saying that what Dan Brown writes is based on facts (he'll be the first to remind you that it is a fictional work), but one thing this novel will get you to do is think.<br/><br/>I don't believe in giving away the spoiler moments of books, especially ones that I love as much as this one, and I won't break that habit in this review. I have written lots of reviews on amazon, but there are few things that I can recommend higher than "The Da Vinci Code". Many individuals don't like "following the trend" and reading/watching/listening just because the majority is doing the same exact thing, but this work is extraordinary and if you don't take the ride of reading this art, you will be doing yourself a great disservice.<br/><br/>One of the greatest pieces of literature I have ever read.<br/><br/>***** HIGHEST POSSIBLE RECOMMENDATION
 I'm not a Grail devotee, but it looks to me as if Brown's research on the subject (as well as on cryptography and symbology) is pretty accurate. But he needs to take lessons on thriller writing from the late Robert Ludlum.<br/>Although Ludlum's characters were larger than life his story and plotlines were always logical - you could pick up any of his books and trace out what happened and why. "The Da Vinci Code" relies far too much on coincidence and inference, and when the villain's identity was actually revealed the story and its author lost a great deal of credibility. Even more credibility was lost in the climax and anti-climax that followed.<br/>I can see how this book became so popular because of it's main subject (the mystery of the Holy Grail) and the obvious research that the author did on that subject. But as a thriller or mystery writer Brown falls far short of the mark.
 When I saw the back cover blurb by one of my favorite authors, Nelson DeMille, I had hoped I was in for a good read.  I wasn't  let down, this read kept me up late turning page after page, waiting for  conclusions to problems and answers to secrets.  It takes a huge amount of skill, research and patience to make a book of this scope come together, to be concluded well and not leave stings untied.  This is indeed a mystery/thriller that is highly recommended and I must mention I had my doubts when I saw that it was selling so well.<br/>The controversial portions of this book are good reading too, and shouldn't be taken necessarily as fact, or even supposed fact, this isn't a scholarly thesis, it's a work of fiction.  Before the book starts, Brown notes that "All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals in this novel are accurate."  This is good to know and makes the reading honest, however it is important to note he doesn't make the claim that all hypothesis and conclusions are fact, that would have been presumptuous on his part and he doesn't go that far.  It is also fair to say that the fictional characters actually believe what they say they believe, and this can only be controversial if we suppose that some of the fictional statements are meant to be put forward as fact, especially conclusions that suppose the New Testament is itself mostly fictional.<br/>To what degree Brown believes or doesn't believe some of the conclusions reached by the characters about the nature of Christ and what secrets the Church has hidden over the years does not detract from the brilliance of this work, and I wouldn't recommend passing this over merely because of some of the controversy, however, be forewarned, some of the statements and conclusions drawn by the characters are indeed inflammatory and quite possibly offensive to some.<br/>I am not offended reading challenges to my belief's and  I love mysteries, history, hidden meanings, and especially I love women so I found this work highly enjoyable and again recommend it  highly to any that love well written mysteries especially  those that have an historical backdrop.
 I have uploaded Leonardo's paintings in "Customer Images" so you can compare them to the "Code" Dan Brown claims they contain, in The Da Vinci Code. His book is so full of other historical and factual errors that are more laborious to explain, I think it is quickest and easiest to compare his claims about the codes in the paintings to the actual art which his introductory pages claim is FACT.<br/><br/>Remember, the whole point of the book is to make the case that Da Vinci put secret pagan messages or codes in his paintings. If the paintings so clearly portray these messages then, WHY didn't the author include beautiful reproductions of the paintings right in his book? Is he counting on people to take his word for it and not bother to go and look at the paintings?<br/><br/>VIRGIN AND THE ROCKS-<br/><br/>-Look at Mary's peaceful face. Does her hand really look like ...<br/><br/>"a decidedly threatening gesture--her fingers looking like eagle's talons, gripping an invisible head." (Da Vinci Code p139)???<br/><br/>-And why would she be making that gesture anyway?<br/><br/>-And look at the angel's hand. Is it really,<br/><br/>"Finally, the most obvious and frightening image....Uriel was making a cutting gesture with his hand--as if slicing the neck of the invisible head gripped by Mary's claw-like hand." (Da Vinci Code p 138-139)????<br/><br/>Why this supposedly threatening gesture?<br/><br/>THE LAST SUPPER<br/><br/>-Do you see the letter 'M' in the painting? Can you, like Sophie see it...<br/><br/>"at once. To say the letter lept out at her was an understatement. The letter was suddenly all Sophie could see. Glaring in the center of the painting was the unquestionable outline of an enormous, flawlessly formed letter M." Da Vinci Code p 244-245<br/><br/>Can you really see the letter "M" that the author says stands for Mary Magdalene and matrimony? For the marriage of Jesus and Mary Magdalene?<br/><br/>I can't see it because it isn't in the real painting. But in the Illustrated version of the Da Vinci Code the painting has been doctored to look like it supports the story in the Code.<br/><br/>-Is it clear that Peter is leaning over towards the apostle John making a slicing motion at his neck? Or as The Da Vinci Code states,<br/><br/>"In the painting, Peter was leaning menacingly toward Mary Magdalene and slicing his blade-like hand across her neck. The same threatening gesture as in Madonna of the Rocks!"<br/><br/>(Da Vinci Code p 248)<br/><br/>Are you aware that Da Vinci's Last Supper depicts the moment when Jesus told his disciples that one of them would betray Him rather than the moment of offering the bread and wine. The disciples are shocked, therefore Peter is more likely reaching over to get John's attention in order to ask him if he has any more information than "leaning menacingly toward Mary Magdalene and slicing his blade-like hand across her neck...."<br/><br/>Artists of this era routinely painted young men, beardless and somewhat effeminately. Look at Da Vinci's painting of John the Baptist. I think you will begin to see that Dan Brown's claim that the person next to Jesus in the Last Supper is a woman, is not in any way supported by his painting style and the art of this period.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's revelation about the secret codes contained in these paintings is absolutely unconvincing.
 Although I do consider the underlying "truths" in this book somewhat simplistic, I do appreciate the "reverse discrimination" effect it achieves on challenging what I do believe are patriarchal consipiracies, power plays, and "mistruths" disseminated by orthodox religions, particulary the Catholic Church.  Why would the Priory of Sion "worship Mary Magdalane as the Divine Mother, and Goddess"?, when one of the "truths" that they believed is that Jesus was only mortal, and himself not "God", but only elevated to that state by Constantine.  Why didn't Constantine simply eradicate ALL references to Magdalane in the Bible, as though she never existed, if she was such a threat?  Why does the Priory adopt some truths in the Constantine version of the Bible, such as Jesus'royal lineage, for example, but selectively discount other information in the same book?  Furthermore, the theories in this book have been exposed for decades, and are nothing new, and yet the Church has not been "devastated." Yes, I do believe that Mary Magdalane was a noble pure woman of royal blood, that she was herself the actual "rock" the Jesus wanted his "church", for lack of a better word, to be built on, and that she did have the progeny as suggested in this book, and hidden gospels.  I would love to see an Alpha female as the pope, and alpha female priests, and the "Goddess" find her rightful place within the vatican, and perhaps in the renaissance of the divine feminine someday, she will, in some form or another.  If this book facilitates the swing of the pendulum, and clears Mary's name and honor, as it does, then even though it is by no means a flawless book, it is worth reading.
 IT'S A MARVELOUS BOOK THAT YOU DON'T WANT TO PUT DOWN.<br/>FACT? FICTON? A COMBINATION OF EACH? THEREIN LIES THE RUB AND ONE OF THE MAJESTIES OF THIS BOOK. THE FACT THAT IT HASN'T BEEN "BANNED IN BOSTON," CHASTISED BY THE CHURCH, BEEN BURNED IN EFFIGY (AT LEAST NOT TO MY KNOWLEDGE)I FIND MORE THAN INTERESTING - NOT THAT I THINK ANY SUCH THINGS SHOULD TAKE PLACE. I FOUND IT AN EXTREMELY INTERESRTING BOOK ON A NUMBER ON LEVELS, NONE HAVING ANYTHING TO DO WITH RELIGION (OF WHICH I'M AN UNKNOWLEDGABLE SCHOLAR).<br/>FIVE OR SIX STORIES ARE GOING ON AT ONCE, INNUMERABLE CHARACTERS (ALL FASCINATING &amp; COMPLEX), SCHOLARLY INFO, MICKY SPILLANE MYSTERY PLOTS ALL OVER THE PLACE, SHORT CHAPTERS THAT CONSTANTLY SWITCH THEME, ETC. -- YET, THE ABILITY OF THE AUTHOR TO KEEP THE READER INVOLVED, EASILY ABLE TO STAY ON TRACK OF THE ENTIRE PLOT AND VOLUMINOUS FACTS, AND EAGERLY LOOK FOWARD TO WHAT FOLLOWS IS FANTASTIC. AND I CAN'T EVEN BEGIN TO IMAGINE THE AMOUNT OF RESEARCH HE HAD TO DO - OVERWHELMING.<br/>ONLY ONE BRIEF CRITICISM. I THINK MR. BROWN COULD HAVE, AND SHOULD HAVE SHORTENED THE BOOK BY 50-100 PAGES.
 The book unfolds in fairly typical thriller fashion: the protagonist, mistakenly accused of murder, finds himself in possession of something for which the real murderer will kill again.  Therefore he must run from the police and the bad guys alike, while seeking to solve the murder mystery.  The bad guys appear to be part of a larger conspiracy - are they trying to obtain, reveal, or destroy an ages-old secret?  As he works to solve the mystery, biblical scholar Robert Langdon draws on - and explains endlessly - his research regarding secret religious societies and alternate interpretations of key Christian symbols.  I found the history to be interesting if not always accurate.<br/>The historical material is grafted onto the basic thriller format without being integral to it, and that is my key criticism of this book.  Unlike, say, Eco at his best, Brown did not make me feel the weight of the esoteric topic under investigation.  Without giving away all the details, I will say that I became increasingly skeptical that the secrets in question would be so earth-shattering if revealed; rather they would be as open to interpretation as the more traditional Biblical canon.  Still, Brown kept me turning the pages even as I felt increasingly frustrated with the clunky predictability of the plot.
 I just love this book. Whenever I want to escape reality I pick it up. Whenever I have a stressful day behind me, it is great to know that this is one of the books on my "comfort reading shelf".<br/>And, as a paperback, it fits in my handbag!<br/>Have I told you I've got the Kindle edition too?<br/>Looking forward to 'Origin'!
 Many unexpected twists, turns, and curves made The DaVinci Code interesting at first, but as these surprises continued relentlessly, I grew tired. With mysteries, I as the reader,  at least like a chance to try to figure out "who dunnit" -- but even the most astute could not have in this plot, I believe.  I also had trouble with discerning fact and fiction, and that bothered me - especially considering the substance of the plot.  Disclaimers on a lead-in page of the book lead one to believe that information regarding secret societies and their practices are factual. But the obvious question then becomes, "If they are secret, how do we or the author know about them?"  The end was a little too soppy for me, also.  Starting out, it was a real page-turner, and all in all, it was not a bad read, although putting it down became easier from the middle on.  Generally speaking, it was all just a little too much for my taste.
 This book is not the first with this story that I read, The Prophetess by Barbara Wood is alike but I think that this book is better, whether if you are agree or not with this story, this book will keep you reading all the time and you won't be able to put it down.<br/>I can't tell you that this story ia real or not, but you really can? May be you will not be agree with this story, (I am not telling that I am, but I'm not telling you that I'm not) but you have to know what other people think about any religion and<br/>think about it. This book is amazing in the things of the past, and what really happened 2,000 years ago is very difficult to verify, I think that this book deserves SIX STARS because is a book that will make you think, and as I said before, is not the first one with this theme, so the question is: why other writers wanted to do this job if it is not true?
 A light, airy, almost forgettable thriller in and of itself (nothing at all remarkable about the writing), the strength of this novel is the attention to details, more often with its locations. This is a fine bathroom novel. The descriptions of Paris and other locations are vivid and well-researched.<br/>My frustration with this book is three fold: first, it reads as if Brown memorized the writer's guide "How To Write A Blockbuster." The use of delaying information to create forced cliffhanger after forced cliffhanger became painful. My thought was "Get on with it!" especially when the basic information a third into the book was the same anyone can find on the inside front cover.<br/>He also forces drama by having people do things no smart person in their right mind would do. ***SPOILER*** The ONLY reason Langdon is suspected is because he was supposed to meet with the vicitim. Murder weapon? No. Motive? No.  If he was to write "Langdon killed me" then he would have done so, right? Why a dumb game? I thought Langdon got exactly what he deserved.<br/>Second, Brown isn't always true to his own logic. His conclusions are often trivial, and while one set of "truths" (such as the entire foundation of Christianity) with thousands of witnesses is dismissed, other brands of "truth" are supposedly proven by a single quote from dubious sources. Just because someone says its true doesn't make it so (and maybe that's Brown's point).<br/>Third, I guess I expected some clever codes and insightful info on cryptology. What I got was a lot of anagrams and literal codes. Something I could get in any issue of The Hardy Boys.<br/>Bottom-line, this is a fun book with some interesting trivia and zip-a-long pacing, but don't expect a steak dinner. You'll get a fast-food McThriller, and if that's your appetitie then by all means...
 Once you pick up this book you won't want to put it down! Dan Brown takes you off  a simple path and onto a quest...one that involves the Holy Grail. During your journey you'll glimpse tidbits from history, religion, art, and more. It is a great read and you'll whip right through it.<br/>The book opens with a murder in the Louvre Museum in France. The murdered curator is also linked to a secret society that goes back to the time of Christ. Complex clues take you into a closer look into famous artwork and figures throughout history. The curator's daughter is a cryptographer who deciphers the code and embarks on an adventure with a symbol specialist from the US. Exciting events, shadows of corruption, greed, and more thicken the mix. You'll learn interesting trivia and symbolism from many great works of art and figures from the past.<br/>The Da Vinci Code is an enthralling mix of story telling and interesting research into the past. Find out what the hoopla is all about and make your own decision by reading this book--you won't regret it!
 For a while I resisted reading this book, thinking that it could not possibly be as good as its hype. Well, I was wrong. This is simply one terrific book that will keep the reader riveted to its pages until the very last one is turned. It is a very well-written, intricately plotted thriller in which a great number of esoteric historical facts and interesting theories of a religious nature are woven. Those who read it should, first and foremost, keep in mind that this book is simply a work of fiction.<br/><br/>All hell breaks loose when Jacques Sauniere, the elderly and revered curator of the Louvre, is murdered inside the museum. The crime scene and the body itself are laden with symbols and cryptic messages pointing to renowned Harvard symbologist, Robert Langdon. He is invited to the crime scene by the wily Captain Bezu Fache, of the Central Directorate Judicial Police, the French equivalent of our Federal Bureau of Investigation, ostensibly to assist the police. Little does Langdon know that he is, in fact, the prime suspect.<br/><br/>When he meets police cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, they join forces. They are then led on a merry chase by a series of riddles and ciphers that are ground in a historical context. They are always just one step of the French police, who seem determined to charge Langdon with the murder of Jacques Sauniere. During their voyage of discovery, Langdon and Sophie come across a secret society, the Priory of Sion, that has a startling list of former members, which list includes Leonardo Da Vinci, as well as the late Jacques Sauniere. There is also some interesting historical detail about the ancient Knights Templar, as well as Opus Dei, a conservative religious organization currently in existence.<br/><br/>Langdon and Sophie peel back layers of historical clues that point to a secret of such magnitude that some would kill for it. As Langdon and Sophie surreptitiously travel from France to England and seem to be headed closer to the heart of the mystery that they are trying to unravel, an unknown nemesis is closer to them than they would dare imagine. This unknown adversary is marshaling resources in order to obtain the long hidden secret that Langdon and Sophie appear to be on the brink of discovering. It is one that has the potential to have earth shattering implications.<br/><br/>This is a fast-paced, plot driven, rather than character driven, thriller. It hurls itself into the reader's consciousness at break-neck speed, and before the reader realizes it, the book holds the reader in its thrall: hook, line, and sinker. For those readers who love historical detail and unusual facts and coincidences, this is definitely a fascinating book that will hold their interest. It is a page-turning thriller in which nearly every chapter leaves the reader on the brink of a precipice. The book is written in clear, effortless prose, which makes the most esoteric historical details surprisingly easy to understand. Simple in its presentation but intricate in its plotting, it is no surprise that this book has become a runaway, international bestseller. Bravo!
 I read the Da Vinci Code because..., well, I was traveling and everyone seemed to be reading it. After I finished it, I felt as if I had had a lot of warm beer: bloated with empty calories, left with mildly unpleasant taste and a slight headache.<br/><br/>The fact that this book is a bestseller can make one question the value of universal literacy. It is really badly written. I didn't expect Updike or Vonnegut, but Dan Brown makes even Clive Cussler appear a decent wordsmith. To add insult to injury, the Da Vinci Code fails the genre and becomes predictable halfway through.<br/><br/>The story is inhabited by "comic strip" -grade characters bumping around, solving absurd puzzles placed there for reasons which make no particular sense. From time to time, a character stops what they are doing, leans against a wall, or stares into space and thinks "deep thoughts", through which the puzzles are solved and the premise of the book is laid out. These are sprinkled with what passes for historical and religious factoids, often researched poorly enough for the errors to be apparent to a layman like me.<br/><br/>Before I stand accused, I am not religious in the least. I don't find the book offensive (other than by being so badly written): in fact political correctness oozes from it, as does the author's apparent desire to be liked by everyone and sell to everyone (and this includes the good Catholics among book buyers:-)<br/><br/>If you want a well written and well researched "conspiracy theory through the ages" tale, get Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum. For a nice travel crime story, pick up P.D. James.<br/><br/>As for the Da Vinci Code..., I have played computer games that have higher literary merit than this. Really.
 God, I loved this book. I could not put it down. My highlighter also went dry. Being a child of catholic school, catholic church, nuns, priests, as well as the hypocrisy that I spotted at the age of 12  thankyouverymuch. I watched people destroyed by the catholic church. I watched families destroyed, for generations. I secretly thought that the sins and atrocities can never be redeemed, especially because the were never acknowledged. Time to shut the doors, going out of business sale, Michaelangelo's.. cheap. After I read this book, I'm dug in even more.
 Brown's best seller, perhaps ironically, wound up under the Christmas tree for me this year.  The buzz about the book is because of the way Dan deftly weaves enough historical facts into the plot to give the reader a sense that it MIGHT be true.<br/>As literature, it is a popular page-turner with rather shallow characters.  Robert Langdon never really became life-like or very interesting.  Sophie Neveu was a good female lead -- brainy, brave and determined -- fitting for this subject matter.  I think my favorite characters were the villains.  I like Silas the albino monk who kept inflicting pain to keep him aware of Christ's suffering, while ignoring the commandment "Thou shall not kill" and offing all the people who he felt were on God's hit list.  I also really like Remy the butler who was kind of like a French R2D2 with enough human twists to keep him interesting.  It was a shame he was allergic to peanuts; because I would have liked to have him kept around to the end of the story.  Lee Teabring (if I correctly recall the character's name) as the millionaire on crutches was endearing to me at first; so I wasn't quite prepared for the twists at the end.  I found the suspicions Brown created on whether Bezu Fache the police chief was part of the plot or not to be a bit manipulative; the character could have been given a bit more depth.  While I did want to keep turning the pages, I found it a bit tiring how almost each chapter wound up the tension like a cliffhanger.  There are only so many cliffs one can hang over before it becomes routine.<br/>As far as the reality of the book, many Christian theologians understand that the Bible was edited.  The role of women in the Bible was more shaped by Paul's attitudes than by those of Jesus Christ.  In The Urantia Book's version of the Life &amp; Teachings of Jesus, there was an entire Women's Corps of 62 female evangelists whose existence was edited out of scripture, and whose most important teacher was Mary Magdalene.  So while it is probably no surprise that the church is male dominated, nor is it equally surprising that God loves his daughters as much as his sons, Brown has brought all of these together with the Opus Dei and Priory of Sion to make us take pause and wonder.  Truth never suffers from honest inspection; so this is probably the greatest service from The Da Vinci Code.  Enjoy!
 Many reviewers call this book "an intelligent thriller", which surprises me a bit. For me "intelligent thriller" is sinonimouse to "clever" and, thankfully, such novels are not that rare. I'd call it an INTELLECTUAL thriller. It's main strength and most dazzling parts are not action, but historical theories.<br/>Now, that's refreshing. Many novels were based on different historical theories, but it's the first one to make the theory the center of the novel, and not just a background for shooting and explosions.<br/>I enjoyed reading this novel a great deal. The pace of the novel is good. There is not much in the way of actual action - it's mostly talking, really, but it's engaiging talking.<br/>As the novel touches upon history of the christianity, I believe, that some people will find it offensive. But in reality it's no more offensive then some historical novel about Inqusition in that it doesn't say anything against Christian faith, but raises some questions with catholic church.<br/>The main drawback of the novel is that Mr.Brown played with the actual facts to fit them better into his theory. While this is allright in any other book, it's NOT in this kind. It's the same as playing with numbers in your accounting.
 I don't know why there is so much buzz about this book, it really wasn't that fantastic.  There were several problems with the story throughout the book that keep me from truly enjoying the story.<br/><br/>The first and biggest problem was character development.  We really don't know anything about  the main character Robert Langdon other than he is a well known professor, and perhaps he travels a lot,  I don't know.  I do know that there are other books starring this same character, so maybe his personality was developed in a earlier novel.  That doesn't help the readers of this book though.<br/><br/>All we know about the Sophie character is that she is a detective of some sort, she is French , her grandfather was a well known museum curator and she is a bit of a prude.  If I had seen my grandfather doing what her grandfather was doing, I would definitely be traumatized.  I don't think I would cut him off for it, maybe make fun of him or something, but that is just me.<br/><br/>The only character we know anything significant about is Silas, the albino monk.  We know something of his past and the way his mind works. That is really important for the reader to understand his motives for doing certain things. Unfortunately he is a villain, a murderer to be exact, but I still find that I have much sympathy and a bit of empathy for him.<br/><br/>Another problem with the book is the CONSTANT foreshadowing. For instance, the narrator would say something like, "Little did so and so know, this or that will happen in a few hours."  This would be fine if it was used once or twice to add suspense and anticipation, but it is used constantly.  It got to the point, to me, of it being laughable.  We don't need to know that something or another will happen sooner or later, just let it happen when it does.<br/><br/>My last issue with this novel is the short, choppy chapters.  I like a good  hardy chapter of 20 pages or more, but in this book there are a lot of 1 or 2 pages chapters that drove me crazy.  Brown changes viewpoints and settings so much so that I felt like I was being pulled in too many directions at once.<br/><br/>Also the ending was a bit of a bust.  Id been expecting something like that throughout the whole book, but I was hoping it would be a little more shocking and a little more interesting. Frankly I didn't really care.  Maybe other people will find this to be a revelation and perhaps true, but its really nothing new to me.  I'm somewhat of a history buff.<br/><br/>I wonder if Brown believes that there is a Priori of Sion or if the little note in the beginning of the book is there to add drama. I, however, am fairly sure that it does not exist. It is the brainchild of a rather offbeat Frenchman looking for fame.<br/><br/>Would I recommend this book?  Yes, I it read fairly quickly , a day or so, thus it was a page turner.  Also, I enjoyed the talk of different artworks and there possible hidden meanings, it was fun to read.  I suggest getting the version with the referenced artwork photos, because I had to keep looking online for pictures of what they were talking about.<br/><br/>I think the reason I was so disappointed with this book is that I was expecting something much better and more original because of all the media attention.  So my advice is to ignore the buzz, go in with low expectations and then you might be able to enjoy this read.
 There have been many articles exposing the errors of the Da Vinci Code book so we will not go into too many details, but we will provide several quotes from characters in the book, followed by commentary demonstrating their inaccuracy.<br/>1.Quote: "The Bible is a product of man, my dear. Not of God. The Bible did not fall magically from the clouds. Man created it as a historical record of tumultuous times, and it has evolved through countless translations, additions, and revisions. History has never had a definitive version of the book...more than 80 gospels were considered for the New Testament, and yet only a relative few are chosen for inclusion-- Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John among them... the Bible, as we know it today, was collected by the pagan Roman emperor Constantine the Great." p. 231 A.Response: This is a very gross error. The Bible is not the product of "countless translation, additions, and revisions." The Bible is translated from copies of original documents, which have been static since before the council of Nicea.<br/>B.Response: The Bible was not produced at the Council of Nicea by Constantine. The Old Testament documents were collected and known as an inspired work long before the Christian church was ever on the scene. The New Testament documents were written by the eyewitnesses of Jesus' Ministry, or under the direction of those who were. The Christian Church knew which documents were authentic and which were not, with only a few books in dispute.<br/>At the initial formation of the Christian Church, the Christians were under Roman rule and did not have the freedom (due to initial persecution) to produce an "official" Bible. But that did not prevent them from knowing which documents were penned by the apostles themselves and which were spurious forgeries, of which many were in existence and are undoubtedly included in the "80 gospels" that Brown mentions.<br/><br/>2.Quote: "With the help of Jesus' trusted uncle, Joseph of Arimathea, Mary Magdalene secretly traveled to France, then known as Gaul. There she found safe refuge in the Jewish community. It was here in France that she gave birth to a daughter. Her name was Sarah." p. 255 A.Response: There is no evidence for this whatsoever in history. It is an invention, a fabrication.<br/><br/>3.Quote: "...the Piscean ideal believe that man must be told what to do by higher powers because man is incapable of thinking for himself. Hence it has been a time of fervent religion. Now, however, we are entering the age of Aquarius-- the water bearer-- whose ideals claim that man will learn the truth and be able to think for himself." p. 268 A.Response: Notice the appeal to astrology as truth. This is inherently problematic since astrology is unverifiable, highly subjective, and is full of ambiguous speculations.<br/>B.Response: It is interesting that Brown inserts pagan ideas and pagan concepts into the dialogue among his characters in an attempt to support the storyline. His comment leaves a person with the impression that religion, in particular Christianity, does not want people to learn the truth or think for themselves. This cannot be further from fact. The Scriptures teach us to learn the facts and to be very responsible in our decisions and to think critically. Brown misrepresents, at the very least, the Christian faith.<br/>C.Response: Following are scriptures telling us to think, to use our minds.  i."You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your strength, and with all your mind; and your neighbor as yourself," (Luke 10:27)<br/>ii."Finally, brethren, whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is of good repute, if there is any excellence and if anything worthy of praise, let your mind dwell on these things," (Phil. 4:8).<br/>iii."And do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what the will of God is, that which is good and acceptable and perfect," (Rom. 12:2).<br/>iv."One man regards one day above another, another regards every day alike. Let each man be fully convinced in his own mind," (Romans 14:5).<br/><br/>4.Quote: "Admittedly, the concept of sex as a pathway to God was mind-boggling at first. Langdon's Jewish students always looked flabbergasted when he first told them that the early Jewish tradition involved ritualistic sex. In the temple, no less. Early Jews believed that the Holy of Holies in Solomon's Temple housed not only God but also his powerful female equal, Shekinah. Men seeking spiritual wholeness came to the temple to visit priestesses--or hierodules-- with whom they made love and experienced the divine through physical union. The Jewish tetragrammaton YHWH -- the sacred name of God -- in fact derived from Jehovah, an androgynous physical union between the masculine Jah and the pre-Habraic name for Eve, Havah." p. 309 A.Response: We know of absolutely no documentation whatsoever supporting the idea that the early Jews considered the Holy of Holies a place where a female deity would dwell. Such an idea is without merit, is ridiculous, and is in direct contradiction to the historic/biblical account for the purpose of the Holy of Holies - to offer blood sacrifices to the Lord. This is such a preposterous idea that we are surprised Mr. Brown inserted it into the story at all -- even knowing it is a fictional book.<br/>B.Response: Brown makes a very fundamental error in his research regarding the tetragrammaton YHWH. It is not derived from a masculine and feminine set of words. Instead, YHWH is the English four letters that most closely represent the four Hebrew characters that designate the name of God which is derived from the Hebrew verb "to be." "To be" is not feminine in the slightest. It is simply a verb. When God gives his own name in Exodus 3:14 he says, "I AM that I AM." Again, the "I AM" is from the verb "to be," which is where we get YHWH. Brown is completely wrong on this.<br/><br/>5.Quote: "The next time you find yourself with a woman, look in your heart and see if you cannot approach sex as a mystical, spiritual act. Challenge yourself to find that spark of divinity that man can only achieve through union with the sacred feminine." p. 310 A.Response: This is a very subjective statement. Of course, it is just a fictional character giving a fictional opinion. But, the problem is that with the overall context of undermining biblical truth and historical fact, this comment takes on a more distracting meaning as it moves a person to think emotionally instead of using his mind...the very thing Brown, via his characters, accuses the church of not wanting. See point 3 above.<br/>B.Response: Sex is mystical? Where did Brown get this? Throughout ancient history, when men have been in charge of religious practices, temple prostitution has often arisen as a "privilege" and a "sacrament" of getting in touch with the divine goddess. What makes Brown think that ancient temple prostitution practices and sexual union are somehow true mystical events?<br/><br/>6.Quote: "... every faith in the world is based on fabrication. As the definition of faith -- acceptance of that which we imagined to be true, that which we can prove." p. 341 A.Response: No, this is not true. Christianity is based on fact: the reality of the nation of Israel, archaeological verification, eyewitness accounts recorded in written form regarding the birth of Christ, his ministry, his miracles, his teaching, his death, his burial, and his resurrection. Brown could not be further from the truth. He repeatedly makes logical and unsubstantiated assertions as though they were fact, and then continues to build arguments upon them. This is a fallacious way of trying to establish the point.<br/><br/>7.Quote: "Those who truly understand their faiths understand the stories  i.e., Virgin birth of Jesus] are metaphorical." p. 342 A.Response: This is not true. Christianity is not based on metaphorical stories with hidden meanings. It is based on historical facts, i.e., the actual life, ministry, death, and resurrection of Jesus. The witnesses recorded what they actually saw and wrote down actual events. Brown's character's assertion is admittedly fictional and completely erroneous.<br/><br/>Following is a brief and partial list of some of the many errors found in the Da Vinci Code.<br/>1.A partial list of errors in the Da Vinci Code A.The Bible is the product of "countless translations, additions, and revisions."  i.The biblical documents are static, unchanging, and we have multitudinous copies of them from the first, second, and third centuries.<br/><br/>B.The Bible was assembled by Emperor Constantine.  i.The Bible was assembled before Constantine and the Council of Nicea in 325. The council only "officially" recognized what the early church had known since the time of the apostles; that the Bible, in the New Testament books, were authentic and inspired. Emperor Constantine did not establish the Bible or decide what books went in it. This is another fabrication and denial of historical facts.<br/><br/>C.There were 80 additional gospels.  i.Though there were a few gospels circulating which claimed to be authentic, the early Christians knew were not. There are not close to 80. Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John were known to be written by the apostles and or those under direct teaching of the apostles. This is why the gospels were acknowledged as authentic, and it had nothing to do with political power.<br/><br/>D.Opus Dei members have monks.  i.They do not.<br/><br/>E.The deity of Christ was invented by the Council of Nicea.  i.The deity of Christ is found in the scriptures in the New Testament Matt. 2:2,11; 14:33; 28:9; John 9:35-38; and Heb. 1:6 as well as the Old Testament: a.Zech. 12:10, "And I will pour out on the house of David and on the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the Spirit of grace and of supplication, so that they will look on Me whom they have pierced."<br/>b.Exodus 6:2-3, "God spoke further to Moses and said to him, "I am the Lord; 3 and I appeared to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, as God Almighty, but by My name, Lord, I did not make Myself known to them." Compare with "Not that any man has seen the Father, except the One who is from God; He has seen the Father," (John 6:46). The point is that God Almighty was seen, but not the father. He was the pre-incarnate Christ who is seen in the Old Testament, who is defined in nature.<br/>c.1 Cor. 1:2, "to the church of God which is at Corinth, to those who have been sanctified in Christ Jesus, saints by calling, with all who in every place call upon the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, their Lord and ours." i.The phrase, "call upon the name of the Lord  YHWH]" is used in the OT only in reference to God (i.e., Psalm 116:4), never anyone else. Yet, the Greek equivalent (LXX) of the phrase is applied to Jesus in 1 Cor. 1:2. It says that the church "calls upon the name of the Lord Jesus." Why is a phrase used ONLY of God in the OT, applied to Jesus in the NT?<br/>ii.The LXX translates "call upon the name of YHWH" as "call upon the name of the Lord  kurios]." The phrase "call upon the name of the Lord" is applied to Jesus.<br/><br/>F.Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene who is to be worshipped as a goddess. i.There is absolutely no historical evidence for this.<br/><br/>G.Early "Christians" practiced goddess worship.  i.There is absolutely no historical evidence for this.<br/><br/>H.YHWH is derived from two Hebrew words, one masculine and the other feminine.  i.No, it is derived from the single Hebrew word "to be."<br/><br/>I.The Dead Sea Scrolls contained the earliest Christian writings.  i.This cannot be true since the DSS's were written before Christianity existed.<br/><br/>J.Christianity borrowed its ideas from pagan sources.  i.Similarities between Christianity and other religions does not mean Christianity borrowed from them or they borrowed from Christianity. Similarities exist in all religions. This assertion is a common one that has no basis.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is an enjoyable read as far as fiction goes, but it is not very accurate in its conclusions. if Brown had stated that his book was simply fiction and he did not imply that everything in it was factual, then we would have no problem. But this is not what he has done. In fact, he's done the opposite, and in so doing has provided a lot of misinformation and false conclusions that, unfortunately, too many people will believe
 I am not into adult novels (I am a 5th grade teacher I read novels appropriate for their level that do not have bad words-...) but this one has an enterntaining story.  It is original in the sense that  it takes historical myths (The Holy Grail which is the backbone of this novel) and makes it a novel. Besides that, there many historical assertions that are innacurate (read the previous reviews).  At some points I laughed at the absurdity when it refers to Jesus being married, having children with Mary Magdalene etc... As a person with some theological background and a Christian I found it enterntaining. To add to the innacuracies:the phrase "Pálido como una fantasma" is incorrect. Fantasma is masculine and should have the masculine article "un." I should know this because I also teach Spanish.<br/>Take this novel as its face value. IT'S A NOVEL! NOT A HISTORICAL ACCOUNT. ENJOY!
 Most of the story in The Da Vinci Code is really a framing tale telling the story of the Christian Church, from blackmail, lies, and murders, up to and including devotion, faith, and love.<br/>The subject matter of The Da Vinci Code is very interesting, and information on the Grail, Da Vinci, the Knights Templar, Mary Magdelene, the Louvre, etc, is presented in such a way as to make the reader want to learn more about them.<br/>While the book is entertaining and thought-provoking, Brown's writing style seems more likely to fit in with the Young Adult section than the Literature section. First, he writes many scenes as though he's doing treatments for a movie. Second, there is hardly any suspense from about halfway through the book, although Brown tries his best to make you believe there is. You know exactly who's done what 40 pages before Brown reveals it, because Brown pretty much beats you over the head with hints.<br/>Let's face it: The Da Vinci Code is not the Book of Revelations. But having said that, it was definitely interesting, and I'm happy I read it.
 Read this years ago, because it was all the rage. Sorry, I found it tedious--mostly because I didn't care about the characters. In fact, I wished they'd hurry up and die. Also, the writer basically tricks the reader with a point of view device I found incredibly annoying. Obviously, most people don't agree with me, but I prefer Dan Brown's novel, Angels and Demons, even though the story is clunkier. The Da Vinci Code is a loooong, and (for me) boring chase involving people I don't care about.
 Sixty million copies sold -- but don't expect this<br/>book to be sixty times more thrilling than a thriller<br/>that sells a mere million copies.<br/>The idea that Jesus had offspring must be the main<br/>generator of commercial success. The action and<br/>suspense alone could not account for it (it is about<br/>the same as what Dan Brown does so well in his other<br/>books).<br/>I wish I had read this book before all the hype. I<br/>would have expected less and enjoyed it more. If you<br/>have not read it yet it might be too late for you. If<br/>and when you do read it, you may suffer diminished<br/>reading enjoyment due to excessively raised<br/>expectations. But I hope my attempt at  shrinking<br/>expectations helps.<br/>I subtract one star for all the hype we are exposed<br/>to.<br/>The fine illustrations are a big plus.
 ..Why call a Yugo a Mercedes ?<br/> My biggest question is why the massive praise for Dan Brown's  "The Da Vinci Code" ? (or Angels and Demons ?) I read them both, and they are nothing more or less than a typical, mediocre "summer beach novel" that contains extensive lessons (can you say boring ?) on Catholicism...from the actual religious functions to the museums, art and the architectures that hold the art, and how the architectures that hold the art came about, and the architecs who built them, when they built them and what drew them to architecture in the first place, and how the art wound up in that particular architecture. etc. WHEW ! I don't even consider this man a good writer, but he's one heck of a  teacher who's obsessed with Catholicism and it's culture. Sure, he throws in a few bad guys...a little science.....a few gruesome murders...a secret society here and there, but his his paper-thin, cliched and utterly ridiculous stories are nothing but padding so he can write about his vast knowledge of all things Catholic (and expensive Catholic art). He never "puts you there" with his many long winded descriptions of his settings, he simply comes across as a teacher who's telling you what he learned or saw, and this becomes extremely boring and irritating to me. Before you deny this, think ! Consider the shallow and cliched stories of these two books, which possess one of the most monumentally cliched lead characters I've ever encountered .....now, consider the major lessons on Catholicism you were dealt....and how they make up the bulk of the book. Am I wrong ? If the reader finds this type of novel fun, thrilling, intelligent or informative, then that's great. But, I don't like all the media exclaiming "masterpiece," "absolutely stunning," "the best of the best" "genius," etc., when this author is basically on par with James Patterson. Yep, that's right.  I would much rather read a non-fictional book from Brown on his knowledge of art and architecture, than to ever suffer through another of his fictional, supposed thrillers, which he LOVES to saturate with facts in order to sucker the reader into believing they are reading something "special".
 I don't see what all the fuss is about.  This novel is a page turner, no doubt about that, with an intriguing plot.  Since there are so many reviews here which go over the story I won't go into it --  However I have to say as one of those people who can look at a painting and NOT see mysterious symbolism and plots all over the place I took this novel for what it was - a work of fiction that was a fast read and that's all.  I don't think Catholics have to get upset over all the theories this story puts forth, since that's all they are: theories for a work of fiction.<br/>Characters are well-drawn and the descriptions are good.  I agree with other reviewers that it reads like a movie treatment - it didn't hurt to compare  Robert Langdon to Harrison Ford early in the story, and I agree it was probably intentional.  Can an option for a movie starring Ford be far behind??
 Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist and Sophie Neveu, a  french cryptologist, work together to solve a mystery:  The curator of the Louvre was murdered, Langdon is being accused of the murder, and Neveu works with him to get him out of trouble.  Of course they first have to get out of the museum, only to be led back to the Mona Lisa, inside of the museum.  The cryptic message left by the curator has its' first clue with the painting, and that one message in the Mona Lisa painted an entire novel of  trying to solve the curator's message.<br/>The message of course is politically and religious oriented:  The Priory of Sion and the Opus Dei are two organizations - the former was a secret society that historical figures belonged to; the latter was a devout catholic sect of the Vatican. Each clue confounds Langdon and Neveu:  Was the curator a part of one of these groups?  What was he afraid of, who was after him, and what was he trying to tell them?  Most important, did they have to preserve an ancient historical secret ... and how were they going to do it?<br/>The two go from the museum, all over France, to England and back to France - all in 24 hours mind you - as one mystery brings upon yet another...<br/>This is a page turner until the very end, the surprises are endless and the solution to the code may just be as mysterious as the message itself.  Some codes are never meant to be broken.
 Dan Brown has much to say in Da Vinci Code (most of the details which can be found in the very silly, yet richly entertaining, vaguely non-fiction book, Holy Blood and Holy Grail).  It is too bad that story crafted around his polemics could not have been more intriguing, the characters stronger, or the writing better.  Too often, characters give long speeches about "symbology" (by which I think they mean symbolism), frequently while being chased on foot.  I can barely sputter two words while on the tread mill but it is nice to know that a cryptanalyst and a university professor are so much more fit than I.  The author does keep The Da Vinci Code's action moving quickly though and has fashioned a very satisfying ending that wraps up all the loose ends in a moving manner.  The book is not all it could be but it could be so much worse.
 OK, I know there was (and still is) a Da Vinci Code craze. Fact of the matter is, most of those people involved in the craze probably didn't read Brown's other book which is better by the way, Angels and Deamons.<br/>The Da Vinci Code is pretty much a rehashing of A&amp;D, using similar characters, motives, and situations. Brown needlessly gives the readers a twist at the end, revealing that what you have read before was false, there is no conspiracy, just someone pulling strings to make it seem like there is one, in order to further their own agenda.<br/>I would love if Brown wrote like there were conspiracies like these happening, with two seperate entities battling it out instead of a villain taken from any generic mystery. And take away all the religous artifacts and undertones, and that's what the book is, generic. Only the subject matter makes it readable and interesting. Brown is lacking when it comes to believable dialogue, essentially borrowing parapgraphs from text books and throwing quotation marks around them for his characters to explain the plot devices. It hardly ever seems real or based in reality.<br/>I think in this case, if a movie is ever made, it will be better than the book. We can only wait.
 From time to time Alfred Hitchcock made what he liked to call "refrigerator movies". These were films heavy on plot and rather quick moving that took the viewer a long for a ride so thrilling and intense that he or she wouldn't pick up on the gaping plot holes until later that night, getting their midnight snack in front of the fridge. The Da Vinci Code is a lot like that. While some little things don't make sense right off the bat, most of the story holds up well until you've read the whole thing and can look back at how it's all put together.<br/>The characters, as many hear have said, were thin and never did anything surprising. The plot moved very rapidly, though, and manages to keep you engaged until nearly the end. However, the last three chapters or so are complete head scratchers, and not the good kind.<br/>I picked this up on a recommendation at a time when I was just looking for some light, fun reading. The Da Vinci Code certainly provides that. I think with summer right around the corner this will be a popular "beach book" and you could do a whole lot worse than this. Just don't look for any deep meaning and enjoy!
 Much has been written about this book as well as seen on screen. DB has done a masterful job of telling a grand story and providing plot twists all the way through.<br/>I thoroughly enjoyed reading this again and would recommend it without reserve to everyone who enjoys a good tale.q
 Review:  Popcorn poppycock<br/>The premise of Da Vinci Code shows promise: grisley murders, a secret set to shake the foundations of Christendom, and a series of (sometimes too easy) puzzles -- a "Whereisit" grafted onto a "Whodonit" connected to a "Whatreallyhappened."  While Brown has no stylistic or descriptive talent whatsoever (you'd never want to read this book twice, that's the test), he did keep the juices flowing for me one time through.  (So long as I pushed the "suspension of disbelief" meter up to its highest setting.)<br/><br/>The book's many inanities and historical blunders are hard to overlook, however.  Brown doesn't know (what one embarrassed pagan historian pointed out) that fear of witches was a traditional part of European paganism, that this fear was squelched by the Church during the "Dark Ages" and then revived during the Renaissance; that tens of thousands, not "five million" witches were killed; or that these crimes occurred mostly in small towns on the margins of State and Church power, not in the shadow of the Vatican.  Ironically, Brown himself exploits the psychological mechanism that launches witch hunts in his choice of villains.  I myself am neither Catholic, albino, nor physically handicapped; but I find Brown's inability to rise above such pernicious type-casting unfortunate.  And his attempt to get inside the minds of his characters is marvelously shallow.  One half expects them to jump out of the book and cry, "Hang on!  If I were this stupid, how did I get to be a Harvard professor / Catholic bishop / successful criminal?"<br/>As for Brown's chatter about early Christian history, lost Gospels, Church conspiracies, and the cover-up of Jesus' marriage to Mary Magdelene, which he and some rather breathless reviewers manage to take seriously, I admit I found his historical blundering mildly entertaining.  For the record, though, the Dead Sea scrolls do NOT contain any Gospels (one scholar claims to have found a few words from the Gospel of Mark in one cave, but that is disputed).  As for the so-called "Gnostic Gospels," Philip Jenkin's Hidden Gospels is a good place to start.  Discovery of the Nag Hammadi documents rather proves the wisdom of the early Christians in dumping these bogus 2nd and 3rd Century writings: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John show every sign of historicity (as well as socially constructive thinking), and these rather spacey New Age works show no more of either than the Da Vinci Code itself.<br/>Still, in a mindless mood, it is possible to enjoy this book.<br/>Author, Jesus and the Religions of Man
 Okay, this is a decent, workmanlike novel. It's not overly sophisticated and is sort of like the Cliff's Notes version of Umberto Eco's _Foucault's Pendulum_. There are very modest amounts of real scholastic effort here, simply presented, about the Knights Templar and so on. The writing is remarkably flat in tone: reminiscent of, say, Adam Hall's Quiller novels. I can see how readers who come to this material fresh are fascinated, but having read the aforementioned Eco novel (and others with similar material), I found this effort pretty thin gruel in comparison. Despite the author's best efforts, this is a straightforward thriller (almost a procedural), with fairly flat characters. You won't care all that much about anyone here and you won't find the really deep mysterious material that others (especially Eco) explore elsewhere to better effect.<br/>I guess I enjoyed the book, but only as a temporary diversion. Wait for the paperback: you'll read this novel in a couple of sittings and, if you're like me, will want something with more substance. In particular, the Bad Guys and the New Age Goddess vs. the Pope stuff is so rote as to be a parody of itself. Look for this one at your local Cineplex Oderama soon.
 Before I start, I want to preface this review with the following statement: I did truly enjoy this book and would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good thriller.<br/><br/>Having said that, I would like to base most of my review on debunking some of the hype that surrounds this novel.<br/><br/>As I stated above, I did enjoy this book. My problem is all of the hype that surrounds it. It has been called "pure genious" and the author referred to as brilliant among many other rave reviews. I feel that some of these comments are a bit overdone. Has Mr. Brown written a thouroughly researched and well written thriller? Yes, indeed he has. Is it "one of the finest mysteries that I've ever read"? No, I don't feel that it is.<br/><br/>I think that the majority of praise and mystique that surrounds this novel is the delicate and controversial subject matter that is its core. Take away the core theme that Brown presents about the Catholic faith, and you still have a solid thriller with some good plot twists, but not one that's any more well written than a James Patterson or a Michael Crichton. I believe that Brown belongs with these two in the upper-echelon of thriller authors, but I do not feel that his work has transcended above them.<br/><br/>Anyway, that's my two-cents worth.
 I must admit, this is the first review I've ever written. What prompted me to do so was reading the other reviews on Amazon about The DaVinci Code, I'm referring to the bad reviews specifically. It seems some of these reviewers take their reading so seriously that they forget there is a difference between FICTION and NON-FICTION. They are upset that Brown doesn't get all his "facts straight." Just for the record,  here is the dictionary definition of the word FICTION: An imaginative creation or a pretense that does not represent actuality but has been invented. Perhaps Brown isn't 100% accurate in all his descriptions of the Holy Grail and the history of the Catholic Church, etc, etc. So what? The truth is, he does a masterful job in suspending belief in the readers mind so that you can't help but get wrapped up in his tale. Isn't that what a good fiction is supposed to do?<br/>The only fault I find with the book is that Brown's characters are too "cookie cutter," and his plot is too "tight." In other words, too much formula. But even that can be forgiven. The bottom line is, it is a page-turner. And just for the record, if you ever studied any of the many non-fiction books out there about the alternate history of Jesus' life and the Holy Grail, you'd find that Brown has enough facts straight in The DaVinci Code to not only make the book believable, but to open the eyes of those readers who aren't so anal retentive to insist that he get every fact straight.
 Take a tablespoon of Edgar Allen Poe's "The Gold Bug," add a dash of Kubrick's "Eyes Wide Shut," and sprinkle in a dollop of Spielberg's "Raiders of the Lost Ark."  Now stir well for some 400-plus pages, add Dan Brown's spicy research, and you've got the recipe for a tasty danged-gum soufflé.  Less filling, low-carb and it tastes great!<br/>Again, the fun begins with a phone call to Robert Langdon.  There's a murder in the Louvre, strange ciphers, riddles pointing to hidden meanings in Leonardo Da Vinci's masterpieces - clues hidden and yet visible.  What does it all mean? The race is on to find the killer(s), solve the riddles and protect Christianity.  Can Langdon do it? You be the judge.<br/><br/>The book itself rolls along solidly for about two-thirds of the way and it's a ripping good yarn.  (Trust me -- you will never, ever look at Da Vinci's "The Last Supper" with the same set of eyes after reading this book.)  The ending may not satisfy some readers and, indeed, the denouement seems forced and too open ended to suit me.  Brown wants to please everyone and the final third of the book is a bit of a cop-out.  (Brown also wants to set the stage for a follow-up book.  Duh.)<br/>What fascinated me about the book was the fact that it's really one part of a Dan Brown/ Leonardo Da Vinci event.  There's this novel, of course.  Then there are at least two Websites devoted to puzzle solving, code breaking, riddle solving -- all leading to a better understanding of what Brown was about here.  (One of the Websites offers a chance for a trip to Paree if you solve the mysteries presented you.)  And, the book's dust jacket contains clues to help solve one of the Website's puzzlers.  This is terrific fun and I couldn't help getting caught up in it.<br/>Dan Brown gets better with time.  The next Langdon piece should be a pip.  Can't wait!
 Had it not been for all the hype I might have expected less and not been disappointed by this book. Nelson DeMille calls Dan Brown "one of the smartest writers in the country". Maybe so but if so, I don't see that demonstrated in this book. The book is loaded to the gills with what I assume are historical facts but so what? Thhe characters are unreal. They are so ingenious that the reader can't keep up with their thinking at one point and morons at other points.For example, the symbolism of Sauniere's death message (the Vitruvian Man) becomes clear to the reader long before it does to the expert, Langdon. Another: The brilliant detective Fache doesn't know that in order to know what number Langdon dialed from his phone all he has to do is look in his "recently dialed calls" file? (pg 117). Another: (pg 299) when the three are trying to figure out what language the message in the cryptex was written by Leonardo in, the reader finds his brain screaming at their stupidity. It's freakin' mirror writing in English! Everyone knows this is the writing Leonardo used. There are more examples of poor character development. But, maybe it's a four start boook that was oversold. What's left is three stars.
 As I read the last few negative reviews of this book, I realize that most were trying to make the book into something that it was never meant to be. Of course this book is popular entertainment. Of course the book will appeal to those who prefer candy and rush-to-the-end rollercoaster rides over those who enjoy more mentally nourishing, denser fare. The Da Vinci code was written for audiences that appreciate popular thrillers. Note the short, breathless chapters ending on exciting points--no less a page-turning guarantee. The book was never meant to be Kant's metaphysics.<br/><br/>That said, and taking the whole thing in proper context, I found the book enjoyable. As stated, it's a quick read and engaging enough to be one of those books that kept me going until I fell asleep, and one that I picked up and started reading as soon as I awakened.<br/><br/>I'm taking off one star for some rather implausible plot turns, not the least of which occur when our heroes Sophie and Robert are allowed to escape over and over from various places from which they should never have escaped. I suppose this had to be done in order to keep the reader turning those pages, but all of it together was bit much.<br/><br/>The quest is interesting, the connections intriguing (though debatable)...but none of the information will be new to those with a decent knowledge of history and mythology.  The characters are not exceptionally well-drawn, though I'm willing to give Brown a pass on this, given the "quick bite" nature of the book.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code ain't deep and it ain't perfect, but it is pleasant...at least in the same manner as a fairly well-done Hollywood movie is pleasant. Read it in bed, take it to the beach or on a plane. You'll find it a nice distraction.
 There is a reason why this book has stayed atop most of the best selling charts for almost two years. I read this book while on a skiing trip one winter and I couldn't stop talking about it. All day on the mountain all I could think about was getting back to the lodge and diving into this book. There are few books that come along like this; where you keep thinking about that next chapter whenever your are not reading it.<br/><br/>YOU MUST BE AWARE OF DAN BROWN. I read this book first (out of all of Brown's others) and I think this is the reason why I enjoyed it so much. From what I hear the people who read his books last become frustrated with his writing style. The author become extremely predictable, his writing style is easy to pick up and the same throughout. If you haven't started any of Brown's books I would go with this one first. If you've read any of his others...I would wait a couple years before you pick this one up. I "learned" more about the Catholic Church in this one book than all my years of CCD. Be aware that all 90% of this is conspiracy, but who doesn't enjoy a good conspiracy now and then.
 The Da Vinci Code, an action and romance novel written by Dan Brown and published by Doubleday in New York, April 2003, centers around a middle-aged history professor named Robert Langdon. On a trip to Paris to give a lecture, he suddenly finds himself being accused of murdering the curator of the Paris Louvre, Jacques Sauniere. With no alibi, Langdon finds and ally in Sophie Nevue, a young cryptographer from the French government, and granddaughter of Jacques. Together, they face a perilous journey thrust upon them by Sauniere to find the Holy Grail whilst avoiding the police and the enemy force, who is willing to kill for the Grail. With the help of Leigh Teabing, a Holy Grail historian, the pair unravels clues and comes closer than anyone to finding the Holy Grail. In the end, after many surprising plot twists, Langdon and Nevue discover that the Grail is impossible to find, yet they still feel the holy presence of it within them.<br/>Having read Brown's works before, I could only imagine the wonderful tale he would tell in The Da Vinci Code. I consider a good book to be enthralling, where the characters come to life, and you can feel the emotion. It was no surprise that Code did exactly that. I found myself caught in the race for the Holy Grail as Langdon and Sophie uncovered the clues, and felt my eyes water as Sophie was reunited with her long lost grandmother and brother, due to Brown's powerful and understandable writing style.<br/>One great aspect to a novel is a good plot twist. Brown delivered as much in this fantastic novel. "He was portly and was propped on a pair of aluminum crutches...It was Leigh Teabing."(524) An unsuspecting reader could only feel bad for Leigh Teabing, a Holy Grail historian, in previous chapters, as he had seemed like a helpless old man who only wanted to help his friends uncover the Grail, and was kidnapped by the enemy. However, in a shocking twist, the reader learns that the mastermind behind the enemy operation, the murdered of Sophie's grandfather, was Teabing himself. This left me at a loss for words, as of all the characters to have been a double agent. Teabing was the least likely.<br/>Another characteristic to a wonderful novel is a touch of emotion, which Brown managed to write in perfectly. I found myself mourning the loss of Sauniere along with his granddaughter, and tearing up with joy at the family's reunion. Brown managed to put so much power into his work that it was difficult not to show emotion. "Throwing open the door, she came out,..."Oh, dear child...look at you!"..."Sophie," the woman sobbed, kissing her head."(568) At that moment, the emotion was so strong at their reunion, and I found it incredible. I thoroughly enjoyed the book, as it factored in every key element in a good novel.
 The first quesiton I asked myself on finishing this book was: how did I miss Angels &amp; Demons, Dan Brown's first book featuring Robert Langdon, the protagonist of The Da Vinci Code?  I enjoyed this novel so much--more than I expected to--that I was disappointed that I didn't have all the background.<br/>Seriously, what's not to like about this book?--a smart and engaging main character surrounded by a cast of equally engaging friends and enemies; secret societies and the secret lives of historical figures like Newton and Victor Hugo; a plot pushed forward by decipherable clues as simple as anagrams and as complex as the hidden meaning of Da Vinci art; the meaning of religious "artifacts" like the Holy Grail; the meaning of religion itself.  It all makes for an irresistible combination.  And Brown, though not perhaps the most adept prose stylist, does a good job of getting us through the twists and turns in an enjoyable fashion.<br/>Of course, comfortable in my catholicism, I enjoy speculative novels like this.  I can wonder about the truth of religion without feeling my religion or myself is being attacked.  Plus, my reading has made me familiar already with many of the arguments Brown makes.  But if you are the type of person who is uncomfortable with writing that brings into question some of the basic tenets of Christianity, stay away from this novel.  You will not enjoy it.  But if you want a thrilling ride that also will make you stop and think about some things you thought you knew, this is a book to be read.
 Among the criticisms I have read for this book say that Dan Brown's writing is banal and wooden, and that the reader would do better reading Holy Blood, Holy Grail or Umberto Eco instead. Unfortunately, I am not patient enough to read Umberto Eco. All I needed to know was within the Da Vinci Code. What is so amazing about this novel is that is interweaves fascinating history and trivia in the midst of a highly readable thriller. Something is just about to be revealed at the end of every chapter, so you just have to keep reading. I especially loved the tidbits of trivia interlaced throughout the book, such as explanations of pagan symbology and even references to Walt Disney as a Grail enthusiast. And it doesn't matter that the search seems to be over by the middle of the story when the truth of what the Holy Grail is revealed. I knew who the Holy Grail was before I read this book, and it didn't harm my reading of the story in the least. All in all, I read this book in two days and was astonished by it, enough so to seek other Holy Grail books as well as other Dan Brown novels. One thing I have to say in criticism of Dan Brown: if you've read more than one of his books, you will know that he uses many of the same plot devices. Angels and Demons and the Da Vinci Code begin in almost identical ways, and Robert Langdon's neverending and surprisingly quick moments of clarity and revelation become really old, but it still doesn't hurt my star count for this book. It IS intelligent. It is a fantastic accomplishemnt. The Da Vinci Code has brought religious history to the masses of the world who feel like having a stroke at the thought of trying to read Umberto Eco novels.
 For whatever it's worth!  After much discussion about Dan Brown's hot bestselling novel, I'd like to add some summary statements based upon having read the book.  There's no point in being verbose about this. Yes, I enjoyed the book with reservations. Here are my observations - by Juliana L'Heureux:<br/>1.  The Da Vinci Code is an entertaining murder mystery.<br/>2.  It's a novel; therefore, it's fiction.<br/>3.  Dan Brown is a clever novelist so there's several unexpected twists to the plot, almost all the intrigue stretches to pass the "straight face test" (clever, nonetheless). 4.  Although Dan Brown claims the art history, etc. described is based upon his FACT, he doesn't explain why the paradoxes in The Da Vinci Code were never exposed by the Protestant Reformation.<br/>Surely, some people at this point may have made up their mind about The Da Vinci code based upon the reviews and spin off discussions about the book, but without reading it for themselves. Almost everyone who reads The Da Vinci Code enjoys the story. For skeptics who feel the book is<br/>(a) too hyped or (2) too heavily weighted towards the sacred feminine- I'd say, "lighten up" and read it for the story value; or- just wait for the movie to be released.
 This book is an adequate thriller complete with a hero and heroine in peril, racing against the clock, a series of secret plots/societies in the background. What Dan Brown has done differently here is to use religious history and religious organizations as the background for his yarn (as opposed to some secret government or mafia group). This makes his work different and somewhat refreshing. There are some minor shortcomings in the plot and a bit in the pacing (he overdoes historical tie-ins at times). Overall, it was a fun read. If you read thrillers, it is probably worth your time as you will certainly here it discussed.<br/>  That brings me to a second point. It is a work of fiction and even though well researched, the research is used to create a fictional background for this tale. If this makes the average reader curious to look into the background all well and good. However, Mr Brown's fiction and fictionization of historical details should not be taken as facts.
 I enjoyed it. A much hyped book, with its own limitations, but a great read. I am not at all religious, but I am fascinated by the legends of the Holy Grail and the Shroud of Turin. Well researched and written along the standard thiller formula. If you can just suspend your sense of logic and immerse yourself in the story you will enjoy.
 I had a fear to read this book before visiting the famous museum in Paris. Luckily I had a chance to be in Europe last Christmas. And the location  and plot made sense to me as I kept reading this book and got engrossed. And the controversies around Christianity- I, belonging to another religion, had no idea that these existed although no one knows about their veracity-also kept me enthralled. A suspense well fictionized!
 While a wonderful thriller in it's own right, the book brings modern historical research into the search for the Holy Grail to the forefront.<br/>  Brown has obviously done his home work to write this book. I've read the books he lists on the mystery of Mary Magdalene, and her connection with Jesus. His portrayal of the importance of these books is magnificant.<br/><br/>  Brown has woven these controversial books into a thought provoking novel. It gives the open minded person reason to think about the true history of the Christian Church, and in particular the Catholic Church.<br/>  The book accurately presents the success of the early church leaders to mold the fledgling sect into what they envisioned that it should be, not necessarily what Jesus wanted people to believe.<br/>  As a 32 degree Mason, I found the references to the origins of the Masonic Lodge as steming out of the Knights Templar fascinating, and very accurate.<br/>  I would recommend anyone who reads this book to meditate on it's message about what is truth and what is historic fact, and read more about these subjects from unbiased history, rather than that which they are indoctrinated with in the traditional churches.<br/>Dr. Ronald E. Hestand
 I wish I had read this book the first time with this illustrated version. It is wonderful. I had trouble picturing or remembering what Leonardo's art work looked like in my mind with no reference. This adds great value to the reading experience being able to have quick references to the paintings.<br/><br/>As I write this we are 7 days away to the release of the movie. It has already stirred up a whirl wind of controversey for the Christian world. This is only the beginning. I predict this book and movie will cause millions to lose their faith forever. It causes people to question things they always have taken for granted. The Jesus/Leonardo theory is very, very, far fetched and I disagree with it. I hope this leads people to a passionate pursuit of truth whatever it may be and breaks the spell the church has had over the western world for 1500 years.<br/><br/>What Dan Brown has done is take the book Holy Blood, Holy Grail and put it into a fictional plot. I find the theory of Jesus being married to Mary Magdalene a bit far fetched but there are small pieces of evidence in the new testament that Mary M. did things for him that only a wife was allowed to do. Example annoint him for burial, wash his feet etc. This book is not for Christian fundamentalists because they will find it very blasphemous. It is a nice little mystery/thriller plot with religious implications that are starting people thinking about things they have always taken for granted about Christianity.The plot is a typical Dan Brown plot formula:highly intelligent man gets involved with a highly intelligent woman, after her father is murdered,lots of mystery in who the real bad guy is, secret socities come into play, and the hero and heroine are together in the end.It is Dan Brown's situational settings that make his books so good. I will definately be going to see the movie.
 5 of 5 stars for the book The Da Vinci Code. This is the first of (currently) three books in the Robert Langdon series. Langdon is a specialist in symbology (the history and meaning of various symbols from different cultures. Langdon is called to help the police in Paris with a murder. This starts a long chain of events in which various religious factions are chasing "the Holy Grail". Langdon gains the help of a police officer who is the daughter of the murder victim. As the complex puzzle grows, Langdon reaches out for help from an old friend. This chain of events has several surprises as we learn some people are not who they appear to be (e.g. the lead police detective is actually a member of one of the religious factions and is trying to frame Langdon for the murder). Even Langdon's old friend is not exactly who he appears, nor is his butler! Complex, interesting, exciting and compelling is this story. Langdon is no James Bond, but, he does well during action moments. Langdon somewhat reminds me of Indiana Jones; college profession who has interesting adventures with historical artifacts and legends.<br/><br/>Much has been written and debated over the historical validity of Brown's story and assertions. If you set aside those various debates and opinions and just take it as a story of fiction, it is a very good book! I highly recommend this book! (and I highly recommend the movie!)
 Based on the popularity of this book, I was expecting to love it. Not so much. I found it to be very poorly written. The author needs remedial courses in basic English sentence structure. Mixed metaphors abound.<br/><br/>In terms of plot, the "mystery" portion of the story hinges on an incredibly remote coincidence that is ridiculous upon inspection. It fools the reader not because it is clever but because the probability of things unfolding the way they do is zero.<br/><br/>Speaking of the characters, they are less than cardboard cutouts. They are not even paper thin.<br/><br/>The conspiracy aspect to the story is okay and the history is passable. The idea behind the story is serviceable. Too bad this topic wasn't covered by a stronger writer.
 Give credit where it is due, this is a relatively absorbing mystery that will keep you turning pages.  In addition, there is an interesting "revelation" about early Christianity (new to me, at least), and I will never look at "The Last Supper" the same.<br/>That being said, Brown's writing style is hit-you-over-the-head manipulative (reveal crucial incidents a tiny bit at a time, just to maintain suspense, etc.).  And the characters are extraordinarily dull-witted, perhaps the better for the story and plot but at a considerable sacrifice to plausibility.  (To avoid modest spoilers, stop reading now.)  Our hero, for example, doesn't seem to realize that the "Divine Proportion" is an irrational number.  Furthermore, anagrams and backward writing are pretty obvious on their face, yet hero &amp; heroine -- "experts" both -- are curiously oblivious.  Finally, the supposed cryptologist has to have the 'atbash cypher' explained to her.<br/>If you are like me you won't regret reading this book, but you will be frustrated by all these lapses that keep it from living up to its hype as a truly intellectual mystery.
 If this book accomplishes one thing and that is to make you THINK and RE-THINK and RE-THINK, then the book has succeeded in doing what I believe to be the author's intention from the beginning. The author's persipacity of truth is not in question here. Through thorough reseach and his own conclusion, the author decided to express HIS views and opinions through a story that was skillfully executed. No matter what your beliefs, I strongly recommend reading this book as well as 'Angels &amp; Demons' the first of the Robert Langdon adventure.<br/><br/>As one reviewer stated, I believe that some if not many of the religious values of the past no longer apply to today's world. The churces influence on society is waning. Gone are the days of a man in a pulpit preaching fire &amp; brimstone with the congregation holding on to every word. Our society is becoming a spiritual society, no matter how hard that is to discern in today's world. Nevertheless, it's true. In my opinion, anyone of any faith who can cultivate hope, peace, love, understanding, compassion and faith in their hearts no matter what adversities they face in today's world is already a peaceful warrior of God.
 It's pretty hard for any book to measure up to the kind of hype that the Da Vinci Code has received, and it doesn't.  It may be a solid fast paced thriller with an intriguing premise, but the Da Vinci Code isn't even the best Dan Brown novel, let alone worthy of half the attention it's gotten.  Similarly the novel doesn't deserve the backlash it's been subjected to either. If there anyone left who hasn't read this book - don't be surprised if you finish it and then wonder what all the fuss was about.<br/><br/>This is Dan Brown's fourth novel and it follows the same basic formula as his others.  A brilliant scientist and a brilliant academic (one male, one female - both attractive) are chased around Europe (or in the case of Deception Point - from the arctic back to the US) unraveling a series of clues in a race against time to save the world (or the pope, or themselves or...well, you get the idea).<br/><br/>Dan Brown writes smart but shallow page-turners.  Brown puts a lot of effort into research (despite the quibbling of naysayers) but doesn't pay much attention to character development.  The principle characters in the Da Vinci Code are forgettable and could be interchanged with the characters from any of his other novels without anyone noticing the difference.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is a good thriller; provided you don't have ridiculously high expectations; although if you haven't read any of Dan Brown's novels, you may want to start with Angels and Demons, which is the best one.<br/><br/>As for the controversy... the religious right needs to lighten up.  This is a work of fiction.  Get over it.
 What a great book.  Add "Brown" to your reading list.  If you like Cussler, Reilly, and the like, you will love Brown's new book and rising protaganist star "Robert Langdon" in this story of ancient brotherhoods, symbology, and fast-paced action through Europe. As a result of this book we want to explore some new areas in Europe. His story has some interesting turns and twists, but you will also find yourself going to the encyclopedia or Google to see if what he is saying is true, and sometimes it is! Opus Dei, the Merovingians, The Last Supper, Secret Brotherhoods, and more.  He takes real facts and events and weaves a wonderful action adventure story of an unassuming Harvard professor who goes to Paris to meet the curator of the Louvre, only to find him murdered with all kinds of symbolic messages that he can read.  Once you start, you cannot put this one down.
 once you start reading it you wont be able to put it down.  The only negative thing that this book has on its readers is that it interferes with your everyday life!! Im dead serious, i had dreams about the book thats how much I loved it.<br/>  Brown is an amazing writer, he has a wealth of knowledge about everything under the sun (btw that was not a pegan refrence).  Unlike many writers of history, Brown actually creates a great mix of history and fiction, so much that you dont know when the lines are being crossed, and that i loved. I am trying to be very carefull in reviewing this book because it is filled with so many plot twist that any little hint thrown at you might reveal more than you wanted to know.<br/>I found it puzzling that this book was an intellectual thriller with some some great and unexpected plot twists that involved a great mix of history, art, codes, religion, betrayals, and the list goes on and on, yet some twists that Brown wanted to make suprising were already figured out way before he revealed them to the reader. I felt that he failed to keep up with his own writing at times and got lost and didnt know how to recover. Even so my mind was stimulated to a great extent, i learned a wealth about ancient religion and rituals.<br/> All these groups throughout history are in search for the Holy Grail yet i dont find the significance in aquiering it, it seems kind of sad to me that these groups have spent their whole existence searching for the Grail not knowing if it exists or not, it just seems like a waist of time when their is so much more that could be done with the  money and time spent searching for it to help society. Im getting carried away here, but i was honestly moved by the book, like i said it stimulated my mind the way so many few books do, so for that reason amongst the hundreds of others i recommend this book to anyone with the slightest inkling of intelligence to read this book, you will not be disapointed!!!
 Okay, I can understand now why the other reviewer said that the story had been told before. However, I have two things to say to him: First, you should have marked your review Spoiler. Second, just because a story has been told before doesn't mean that there isn't something to be gained in a retelling. For example, John Milton's Paradise Lost is a reinterpreted and retold Genesis. Romeo and Juliet has been retold so many times that it is ridiculous. And yet, both are worthwhile. It is only part the story that is important. The more important thing is how the story is told.<br/>Dan Brown tells a story that has been told before, yes. However, he tells it beautifully, and he is my favorite author. I have yet to read one of his books that disappointed me in the least. Each is Crichton-esque, but even more packed with research, care, and good story. I can't get enough of this guy's work.<br/>Read this book. You won't regret it.<br/>Harkius
 Despite the magnaminous fame that this novel received, I must say that it wasn't a good one at all. The author wanted a controversary, and he got it, but it wasn't built on strong basis. The point he is trying to discuss is not clear. Did he want to say that Jesus was a man? Or that Jesus was married? Or did he just want to defend pagan rituals? Honestly I can't figure it out yet. The novel also presents flawed information, and that is quite misguiding. It also weakens the author's position. If you want to prove a point then don't tell me lies. I also didn't like the "everything is based on a conspiracy" tone. Secret unknown organiztions don't control people. The story of Mary Magdalene was well documented years before this novel came into existence. The image of Jesus has been discussed for thousands of years across different religions and ideologies. This book poorly collects inofrmation presenting it in a misleading sensualized manner. I don't recommend it.
 There is a reason this has been one of the top-selling books for several years now.  It is a well-written thriller with twists and turns that make it hard to put down.  As a movie and a novel it has created a lot of controversy because of the fictional part of the book that claims that Jesus had a wife, children, and also that the Bible is a sham.  Unfortunately, many will not realize that this movie is fiction.  I actually have heard of a Christian who took the fiction written in this book as true fact.  He obviously didn't know much about his faith.  Although many may be misled, it is still an excellent story.<br/><br/>My favorite aspect of the book is the element of surprise that lurks behind almost every chapter.  The plot is thick with suspense, and characters are constantly turning out to be totally different people than first imagined.  Not only is it a great story with great suspense, but all the historic information (the nonfiction and the fiction) and geographical locations make the story an absolute delight to read.
 As suspense thrillers go, this one is ho-hum. The first half of the book really drew me into the novel. I found myself turning the pages relentlessly. I couldn't WAIT to see what happened next. But then I got bored. Really bored.<br/>This suspense-driven thriller was ultimately without substance. Brown does a good job of giving us all a thumbnail refresher on our ancient history, but to what point? I found myself losing interest quickly around the midpoint of the novel and had to force myself to slog through the second half of the book just to finish it.<br/>Brown's pedantic suspense devices became insufferable, and the plot fell completely apart. I found his religious commentary to be sophomoric, and I am amazed that this novel has gotten the kind of press that it has. Didn't we all learn about the rise of Christianity in our ancient history classes somewhere around 8th grade? I thought that Brown was trying really hard to be shocking with what is (or should be) old news. (Really old news, at that.)<br/>Finally, like other readers, I was befuddled by Brown's attempt to convice me that a thirty-something French girl would be mortified by sex. I just don't buy it. Too, I could see the ending coming a mile away -- he all but beat you over the head with it, which added to my total boredom.<br/>In any event, this book really doesn't merit a second thought, much less an episode of Dateline. I am bewildered by this book's popularity. It is a "just okay" read, so check it out from your local library. I can't imagine why anyone would want to own this one.
 I orginally was scepticle of buying the book "The Da Vinci Code" because of all the publicity it had been receiving.  I've learned that most books (or anything else for that matter) that receives that much publicity, is usually a boring and not that interesting book (more me anyway).<br/><br/>I saw this edition of the book, and felt it would be a better edition with its extra content of pictures to help visualize where the characters are and where their going and what they are talking about.  I've never seen the Louvre, so the pictures and diagrams helped tremendously!  The pages were also of a greater quality than the paperback edition, or the standard heavy weight paper used for hardback books.  The pages were a heavy glossy base that helped to make the book special and unique.<br/><br/>As for the story line... I found Mr. Brown did take some literary license, but hey... it's fiction!  Besides, it was a terrific and awesome book!  I am glad I bought this book and took the time to read it (which didn't take me long since I couldn't put it down).  The intrigue and thrill of following Langdon and Sophie kept me going and wanting more!  I look forward to reading Angels and Demons.<br/><br/>Too bad so many other authors feel they have the right or need to attach their names and books to this one in critizing it for not being accurate.  I just don't get it... it's fiction people!  Get a life!
 The Davinci Code is a damn good novel, but I felt there were holes in the plot, but it was still a damn good novel. Now everyone and their mother has heard about The Davinci Code, and now I am not going to spoil it, but I am going to talk about some of the good points and bad points in this novel.<br/> The novel starts out with a murder by an albano man inside a Paris museum. Now Robert Landgon, a lecturer and a writer who wrote a novel based on Davici's paintings is then called in by the French police since he was supposed to be the last person to see Robert Landgon alive. So they take him to the murder scene, and a French dectective named Falis starts asking him questions about the murder, but what Robert does not know that he is considered a suspect in the murder of Jaques (the man who was murdered). So now comes in Sophie, a cryptologist which someone left a code, and she can not figure it out, but she has a hinch about it. So now, she tells Robert that they are tracking him and that they have him as a prime suspect. So now as a way to escape, Robert and Sophie throw out the GPS tracking device out the window into this passing truck, and the French Police go after of what they think is Landon. So now as they escape, things start to unravel in this tale. As they move forward, it turns out that Landon finds out that Sophie's grandfather Jaques (who was murdered) because he was in a secret society which they know where the holy grail rests! So now, they find this poem that links to where they can find the grail. Now, they head to the country side of France to a good friend of Robert's. He then tells him that in the secret society; Sir Issac Newton, Victor Hugo, and Leonarado DaVinci along with Sophie's grandfather Jaques. Sophie then figues out the code where her grandfather left her on the floor. It turns out that it is the bank code in this bank vault in a Swedish bank. So they get the rosewood box which would lead them to the holy grail. So now, as the story moves around, it gets good, but by the end, it just falls flat.<br/>I am not going to spoil the end because I want people to make their own decision. So if you want to read it, then read it, but read it with a open mind because some of the things in this book are going to think, and maybe even mad at Dan Brown for saying some things. Good, but I have read better thrillers with better endings: The Sum Of All Fears by Tom Clancy is one of them.
 (Its a fascinating exercise, looking up books that you love (which this one isn't), and reading the reviews sorted Lowest first.  Try it sometimes...)<br/>I have to admit, I bought and read this book largely in spite of all the low ratings and accusations of anti-christian sentiment.  I'm a bit of a puzzle-nut, and I thought this might be an interesting read, despite the reviews.<br/>I agree with many that its not a fabulous work of literature, to live on for years, and I doubt that Dan Brown intended it to be.  If he did, well, that a different story, and has nothing to do with a review of this book.<br/>I agree that its certainly going to ruffle the feathers of people who don't actually have faith in their faith, so to speak.  Heck, I had no problem with "The Branch" by Mike Resnick, "Behold the Man" by Michael Moorcock, pretty much everything by James Morrow.  But I recognise that those things, like this book, are stories.  Not truth.  Not something to live your life by.  Stories.<br/>Actually, I don't see anywhere in this novel where Brown suggests Christ didn't die on the cross, and *thats* the fundamental tenet of Christianity, that God became man, and died for your sins.<br/>Whilst I don't believe it happened the way Brown describes it, I don't have a problem believing that Christ did all the things that normal men did.  That was the point - he was a man.  Son of God, but man.<br/>I do sometimes wonder at why we place blind faith in some books, and distruct others, especially given the whole "eye of a needle" thing (look it up sometime).  Translation is such a tough topic, and requires so much context, that you wonder how any of these things survived the illiteracy of the past.  Did you know that "boy" used to mean "a child of either gender" ?  Thats how the Greeks used it, at least thats what I've read. Imagine the historical documents you might need to rethink taking that into account...<br/>Another thing other reviewers focus on are the supposed attacks on the Church, and Opus Dei in particular.  Did any of them actually read to the end of the book where its revealed that "surprise, as institutions, they weren't involved in this after all" ?<br/>I think its probably *not* a good book to recommend to people coming to grips with Christianity, nor is it one to pass blindly to teenagers without making quite clear to them that its fiction, not fact, not based-on-fact.  In fact, I doubt I'd recommend it to anyone unless they asked about it.  (ie, don't read it because I gave it 2 stars, read it because you think you might enjoy it)<br/>My main objection to the book is the fundamental premise that there is a secret society that has had,and kept, a secret for hundreds of years, and yet there are all these "cryptic crossword clues" left lying around the world pointing at the secret, in such a trivial fashion.  And so simplistically...<br/>For example, ask yourself why the scroll saying "The trail stops here" deliberately put its guardian in danger.  Why didn't it say "go dig up the underground" - the guardian would still see the clue being exhumed, but would be in no danger whatsoever when she gave the signal.<br/>When push came to shove, the conspirators just weren't that convincing.  Combine that with comic-book villians, and thats what killed it for me.
 Yes, this is a fun, fast pager-turner murder mystery, but much more. The elements of the Holy Blood mystery are all laid out here in easily digestable form. Don't make the mistake of thinking that the author is making this up, he's not. You could even look at this book as simply a vehicle for bringing the Holy Blood, Holy Grail mystery to a wider audience. I am surprised no one else mentioned this. Read also Holy Blood, Holy Grail by Baigent et al for a more "non-fiction" treatment of this subject.<br/><br/>P.S. - The author cleverly uses the names "Sauniere," "Sophie/Sofia" and "Bezu" for main characters in this novel; names that figure into the real mystery.<br/><br/>P.P.S. - Yes, I know that a lot of HBHG has been debunked but there are still a lot of threads to follow and a lot of references to real historical events.
 For a book which purports to spout realistic theories about the Holy Grail, this singularly lacks research. I cannot in all honesty say anything about the fundamental hypothesis, but living in Paris I can certainly say something about the setting. It is obvious that the author has not made some very basic efforts.<br/>  For instance, you cannot hope to go to Lille from Gare Saint Lazare; you would have to leave from Gare du Nord. In the same vein, I would much like to know how the heroes manage to find several taxies waiting in Saint Lazare at roughly three in the morning. There are no trains at this late hour, so there would be no taxis. And it goes on and on. To go from Tuileries to the American Embassy, you would not not need to go up rue des Champs Elysees, since the embassy is exactly at the beginning of that street.<br/>  You would think that the author would at least have bothered to pick up a map when writing the book. If that is all the extent of his research on Paris, I refuse to believe he has done serious work on the other aspects of the book.<br/>  This novel is a joke.
 It shouldn't surprise anyone that this book is the subject of criticism and has had its historical accuracy and the like seriously questioned.  Those criticisms go a bit overboard, in my book.  First and foremost, this book is an intelligently written thriller, one that will constantly have the reader on turning the page waiting to see what happens next.  Dan Brown has written an ingenious series of codes that help the mystery unravel in a captivating manner.  This isn't a garden-variety whodunnit and it was never meant to be.  Rather, it's one of the few intelligent thrillers out in the market today.<br/>In fact, this book has sparked an interest to learn more about art, architecture and history on my part.  Brown does a fantastic job of making each of these elements come alive in his story.  It's impossible to come away from this book without a greater appreciation for the artworks that inspired it.<br/>All in all, this is a highly recommended book.  There are parts towards the end that make the final twist rather predictable, but they weren't so transparent as to make the story unenjoyable.  Solving the riddles is the true joy of this book.
 (Continued from the Authenticator review)<br/>Where does The DaVinci code fall into all this? In the middle, sort of. Dan Brown falls right into the conjunction of the axes; his writing is readable, though not engaging or compelling enough to make me stay up late reading it (as did Lehane's); his research is decent, if not thorough. Normally, the latter wouldn't be a problem, but in this case Brown seems to have overlooked a few pieces of scholarship that undermine his whole novel (for example, about the nature and location of the holy grail, neither of which has been much of a secret for seven hundred years; it's just that no one thought to look in Ethiopia).<br/>Still, if you can overlook the factual problems and take it as a straight novel, it's good enough for government work. Robert Langdon (the hero of Angels and Demons) returns, this time summoned in the middle of the night to the Louvre, whose director has been murdered. Thanks to cryptologist Sophie Neveau, Langdon learns he's the prime suspect of the French police, and if they're going to find the real killer, they need to get out of there fast. The resulting chase, taking place over the next twelve hours, give or take, ropes in secret societies, cloudy family trees, assassin monks, the Catholic church, and, of course, the supposed grail mystery.<br/>Here, unlike the previous two books  ed. note: in this review, not Brown's two previous books], we have an unpredictable mystery; Brown throws us more than enough curveballs to keep us entertained (though the final whodunit does end up being a little predictable, thanks to Brown's dearth of red-herring characters). And yet, still, Brown's writing style isn't nearly as engaging as Lehane's. It's good, but it's not keep-you-up-at-night good. You will, of course, read it to find out what all the flap is about. But don't be expecting an instant classic, or you're likely to be disappointed.<br/>(Dennis Lehane, ) Shutter Island: ****<br/>(William M. Valtos, ) The Authenticator: ** ½<br/>(Dan Brown, ) The DaVinci Code: ***
 I enjoyed this novel because the underlying storyline is intellectually fascinating. The story discusses the development over time of various religious, historical and cultural theories and their significance as to world history and society today.  These deeply meaningful historical backdrop is ingeniuosly woven into an entertaining, compelling story worth buying, reading and finishing. The characters are interesting and diverse.  You continue to guess at the villian(s), so to speak.  Good luck.<br/>I would have given it 4 1/2 stars not five though because the ending could have had a real bang. It didn't as far as I was concerned.  And of course you can't help but see the book as a movie; I learded that the rights have been purchased with an opening date of early 2005, I believe.<br/>Therefore, as a result of the book I intend to look further into the book's backdrop, so to speak.  But as for the book and its author, I will be waiting to read Dan Brown's next novel and in the meantime will start on the one(s) before this one.<br/>I have strongly recommended it to my friends for the reasons stated above.<br/>Donna Goldman
 Even if this were it's only shortcoming, readers should snub this book. The writing style is so poor that it is distracting, and the characters so uninspired and shallow, that I was not able to read more than a couple of chapters, before putting the book down in exasperation. The character development is dispensed with in the following manner: "He was tall and powerfully built, with his hair slicked back, and he wore a finely tailored Armani".<br/>The author also seems to have forgotten that punctuation exists in English language, resulting in choppy, short sentences reminiscent of a High School English writing assignment. But I suppose this must be a device to keep the thriller thrilling...<br/>I'll let the other reviewers, who were obviously more patient that me, tear the story to pieces, and will just content myself with saying that this book falls into the "cheap supermarket novel" category, no matter how lofty the subject matter may hope to be, and has no claim to literature status. For that, you are better off reading "The Name Of The Rose"  or "Foucault's Pendulum", where style and substance co-exist.
 Dan Brown has written a fine little book here. He broaches alot of interesting ideas that encourage people to go out and read more, and I am ALL ABOUT getting people to read more! Now, that said, some of the ideas in the book he puts forward as fact and are not and then some of the ideas that are factual are misrepresented in the book. I guess we'll just have to call it creative license. So when you read the book, don't just swallow it all hook, line, and sinker! REMEMBER: It is fiction.<br/>Dan Brown's writing was good, not amazing, not breathtaking, not extraordinary, just good. There was nothing impressive about his structure either, pretty formulaic, the plot flowed pretty well and even and the pages kept turning as the interest built. The worst I can say about his style is that he keeps alluding to the mysteries behind the characters way too much. Like Sophie has a dark secret. He doesnt mention it just once or twice, at least 20 or 30 times you read something like "..and sophie again thinks on that terrible dark secret." And i just feel like strangling the author, "Tell me or shut the hell up!" he does eventually tell you, but you'll have it figured out way prior.<br/>Altogether, though, a good read, a good conversation type book that could be a gateway to interests you never knew you had!
 If I compared it with Angels &amp; Demons then I'd say that it is not as gripping as Angels &amp; Demons was but indeed...I have always been a fan of Dan Brown and loved his books. I have re-read it after my recent visit from Paris. The good thing about Dan Brown books is that you get to learn a lot of history and arts. I wish he could publish a book every year but the amount of research involved in his books are definitely time consuming.
 Brown relies on the theories presented in the book Holy Blood Holy Grail, a work of of very shoddy scholarship.  It makes huge leaps in logic and ignores many of it's cited sources.  The Gnostic Gospel of Thomas actually presents Jesus as a male chauvist not someone who repsects the "sacred feminine."  In it he says women will only enter heaven when they "become like men."  It is interesting to note that the UC at Berkely (not exactly a pro-Christian institution) has a course on recognizing bad logic, and Holy Blood (Brown's basis for this novel)is required reading.  Check out the university website and see for yourself.  There are also many mistakes related to Leonardo and his works; a big one being the portrayal in the novel of the Madonna of the Rocks being on canvas (it was painted on wood).  None of this would matter if Brown had not claimed to have researched his facts in order to write this story.
 If you're going to read the Da Vinci Code, you might as well do it the right way, with this edition.  All the photos and illustrations go a long way towards helping you grasp exactly what he's talking about.  I simply can't imagine reading the book in any other format.  The discussion of the artwork in the book is perfectly complimented by the actual pictures with this edition.  Photography of the many different locales makes it even more interesting and ultimately adds another dimension to the novel that the regular version could not attain.<br/><br/>With Brown's fascination of making the line between fact and fiction blurry, the illustrations merely pronounce the author's angle.  There could have been some more pictures of a few of the locales that didn't have any representation outside of the text, but you feel like you have enough to help you see where Brown gets his fanciful ideas from.<br/><br/>Aside from the pictures, what about the plot?  I can't possibly say anything that hasn't been said already.  It's an intriguing plot that won't let you put the book down . . .<br/><br/>But I found that half-way through the book, this becomes almost a parody of itself.  The big "twist" is hardly surprising, my dog could have guessed who the Teacher was.  Langdon's long flashbacks to lectures he's given in class and musings about the "pagan" roots of EVERYTHING are interesting at first, but after a while sound trite and staged, as if Brown is preaching at you through Langdon (which he is . . .).  And as for the ending . . . Dan Brown must have been short on time.  It's hideously stupid, flat, and sappy.  My dog, once again, could have written a better ending.  Perhaps I should give my dog to Dan Brown?  The ending would have been better.  Overall though, despite these shortcomings, I highly reccommend the book because it's an original idea for a novel.  Not too original for a "non-fiction," but for a novel, yes.<br/><br/>SOMEWHAT OF A SPOILER:  If I were to end the book, I would have had Sophie and Langdon find the Grail and Roslin, but never explain exactly what they found to the reader.  I would simply tell that once they found the grail, they were so stunned and stupified as to what they found, that they knew they could never tell the world . . . that they had to do everything they could, make it their life's duty, not to let the world know what they had found.  In my opinion, such an ending really leaves a lot to the reader's imagination and fits in perfectly with the mysterious nature of the scavenger hunt the main characters are on throughout the whole book.  END SPOILER<br/><br/>The book is a novel, it is a work of fiction.  So are it's many ideas about art, history, and theology.  It's all very fictional and absolutely absurd, but Brown makes it easy to follow and doesn't make it too far stretched for the layperson.  Those who are educated in Art History and Christianity will find themselves rolling their eyes and laughing occassionally.  So be warned, the more educated you are, the less convincing this book is.  But do not be fooled, this book has intentions that stretch beyond entertainment.<br/><br/>But hey, that's just me, I thought the ending was stupid.  Again, my dog.
 Yes, there is a plot and the characters, and the heroes but it all takes a secondary place to the history of civilization and religions.  Frankly, I was not thrilled by the plot but I did not care.  Plot was just the background for the real story. I knew bits and pieces of what Dan Brown presented in the book but I have never saw this information so well put together.  How did he do it?  He made no mistakes in his information and the assesments of it and the real history supports it.<br/>Yes, all religions are full of questionable wholes.  You read the "Holy" books and you have problems to digest them.  But when you ask a question, the answer would take you back to the mystery of God.  Why is the mystery?  Was there an explanation?  If it could be explained, why was not it?  If it could not be explained, did it really happen as we were told?<br/>Yes, all religions, over the years, were "cleaned up" and "adjusted" in accordance with the specific situation, culture, historical events, the local customs and the desires of the rulling class.  God always helped to rule.  God always help the rullers to keep the rulled under control.  No, God had nothing to do with any of the "Holly" books.  People wrote them, people compiled them and people enforced them.  How many people died a violent death because of these books and because of these intrapretations of what God said and what God meant and how we should serve him.  Or, is it her?<br/>Dan Brown collected the wealth of information and he presented it extremely well.  Read it and think of what it said or did not say.  Thank you Mr. Brown.
 Here was a book, filled with reverence, and art, filled with curiosity, and searching, filled with angers and self flagellation, filled with assumptions challenged.<br/><br/>This book is a work of genius.  It lays open our assumptions, our faith, our beliefs.  At the core of our selves is the spark of God, and the source of ultimate Truth.  It is the spirit that searches all things.  It is the Spirit that reveals and conceals.<br/>It all boils down to the realization that the Spirit of Truth is the final word.  We can be barraged with doctrines, and assumptions.  We experience religious and cultural pressure to believe this or that.  The chapel of Roslyn had references to many different religions, Jewish, pagan, Christian, Egyptian, and through it all the spirit of truth shines.  Mary Magdalene is the Apostle of Spirit.  She is the representation of Mother Spirit, and of the great truth of the nature of God.  The Spirit is the spirit of power, of love, and of a sound mind. We seek this Spirit because it was also in Jesus.<br/>Through all this we must wade through antiquated religious fervor, totally wrong interpretations, and the violence of attempting to force others to adhere to a particular religion.  Constantine saw Christianity as a path to personal power, but was not baptized until his deathbed.  The Catholic Church followed that path unwittingly.<br/>The notion that Jesus was married with a pregnant Mary Magdalene when he died is patently untrue.  His sister Ruth and the other sisters Martha and Miriam did indeed carry the bloodline that Jesus had.<br/>But after all there are many untrue things in the Bible.  We believe many untrue things.  People have taught us many untrue things.  Our whole lifestyle in the 21st century has many untrue things in it.<br/>But when you look into your own heart, and search for the truth by way of God's spirit, then things come clear.<br/>This is a novel.  It is understood that novels are fiction.  Many novels have a great deal of truth in them.<br/>But if you are fully armed with truth in the inward parts, the falsities of the novel fall away in the wake of the marvelous truths therein.  If we carry truth in our hearts, the truth of the presence of the Holy Spirit, symbolized by the Holy Grail, we find the balance, the beauty, the clarity and the marvelousness of God throughout all creation.
 I enjoyed this book until about halfway through.  The writing is good, the suspense is maintained and the author has researched his conspiracy theories. But the writer lost all credibility with me, and insulted my intelligence as a reader, when the supposed academic-in-the-field-of-Holy-Grail-lore takes a look at some writing that will supposedly help reveal the location of the Grail.  Langdon decides it must be a Semitic language with which he isn't familiar.  Now, anyone with the most remote  familiarity with Arabic or Hebrew script could tell you that it bears not the SLIGHTEST RESEMBLANCE TO SEMITIC SCRIPT OF ANY SORT.  If Langdon had experience researching the Holy Grail, surely he would have at least SEEN things written in Hebrew and Aramaic.  A cursory examination of the writing (say, 15 seconds) will make it obvious that it's actually inverted English.  That's right, go hold it up to a mirror.  Surely a professor and symbologist should be able to see this.<br/>After that, it was more difficult to maintain the suspension of disbelief required for conspiracy theory novels.
 I though the Da Vinci Code was a good book. It did have it's faults...I don't think that it was all that well-written. I also feel like the characters spent most of the book displaying or explainint their characterization rather than just "being themselves." However, it was a very enthralling story. It grabs the reader's interest and doesn't let go. Anyone who has an interest in art, history, or even cospiracy theories would like this book. I'm not saying that everything in the book is historical fact...don't get me wrong...but some of it is. There is a lot of factual information in the book...especially concerning Leonardo Da Vinci. I would recommend reading the Illustrated Edition, especially for anyone who is unfamiliar with a lot of art. This edition includes photographs of all of the paintings, sculptures, buildings, and drawings that are mentioned in the book. It is extremely helpful in understanding what is being read.
 This is a book that will enthrall or enrage depending upon one's religious background and mindset.  For this reader it was a riveting exposition of great relevance in a lifelong pursuit of philosophy and world religions to learn whether or not the Bible is fiction.  Now I know.<br/>The author is a meticulous researcher and careful chronicler of history, myth and fact. The story illuminates a compelling mystery that has tantalized mankind since time out of mind. "The quest for the Holy Grail is the quest to kneel before the bones of Mary Magdalene.  A journey to pray at the feet of the outcast one".  The Divine Feminine energy.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is a transformative story written in an effortless style that makes it easy to read and assimilate without the message being preachy at all. A Masterpiece.
 I love a good mystery---and this was one of the best---with all the added suspense of hidden clues, secret societies, and people who are not what they appear to be.  The writing was fast-paced, intriguing, and had me breathlessly turning the pages hoping to discover what our hero and heroine were trying to discover---the Holy Grail.  Beginning with a grisly murder at the Louvre Museum, the reader is tantalized by clues hidden in poems, numbers, and various designs.  Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu are never fully developed as characters, but it's all right because in this book, the chase is everything.  The chase to find the Holy Grail and discover its secret is paramount.<br/>My only complaint with the book is that it fictionalizes real people and real events and rewrites history in such a way to attempt to undermine Christianity.  While most readers are smart enough to distinguish between fact and fiction, this does plant a lot of innuendo, legend, and rumor masquerading as fact.  My advice is to take it for what it's worth...an exceptionally good thriller...and not to take too seriously its rewriting of historical and Biblical fact. On the upside, this book had me searching websites for factual information moreso than any book I've ever read.  I have also learned more about the works of Leonardo Da Vinci than I ever knew before and finally think I know why the Mona Lisa is smiling.
 After resisting the hype and curiosity to read Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code", I finally caved more through desperation than anything. Despite all the debate and the controversy, I found that Brown had written a shocking thing: a novel.<br/><br/>The so-called "Fact" in the novel leaves a lot to be desired, if that is one's thing. However, even when the reader keeps the unreliable nature of these "facts" in mind, the book is remarkably replete with detail. In my own opinion, this would not even be a problem, if Brown had left it at that without the "accurate" claim on an early page.<br/><br/>The book reads like a rather normal U.S. action movie, with breaks in the narrative at remarkably predictable places, and with remarkably predictable suspense elements. In some cases, this seemed all too contrived and did not work to the best degree. The breaks in the narrative about the cryptex were a case in point. Additionally, the stringing out of the ceremony that Sophie caught her grandfather in became all too much like a cheap infommercial. In this sense, I think other authors are that much superior to this book.<br/><br/>I have to agree with another reviewer with their comment that the characters bordered on caricatures, such as Silas the albino assassin and his mad obessession with the cilice and "the Discipline". Quite often, the psychological development of the characters was just not there, though there is a lot of monologue in the thought and remembering of the characters. A greater psychological depth would have added so much more to the people that flow in and out of the story.<br/><br/>While Dan Brown's writing and style may be average, "The Da Vinci Code" is a great and light read. It is not too taxing on the mind, and it balances the detail well with the action and the details.<br/><br/>It was a book that I enjoyed thoroughly. I recommend it, though with the qualification that the hype and sensationalism surrounding it were not justified, in my opinion. Considering the industry that this single book has spawned, I was expecting more from it. Despite this, for a no-brainer read that is fast paced and entertaining, "The Da Vinci Code" is quite good.
 As a mystery, well, there are better. In the competition for plot twists, historical fiction, art, or cryptography, there's better out there than the Da Vinci Code. But it is a page-turner, and with that excitement succeeds in dramatically raising curiosity about two major questions: (1) what is belief and how does it affect history? and (2) is the image of women in religion timeless, or was it consciously manufactured at certain key periods in history?<br/><br/>One need not be religious in order to care about the first question. And one need not be a radical feminist to consider the second. After all, some basic facts of male-female relations are still with us no matter how modern we get: men rule the world, and declare the wars. Only women bear children, including the boys who will be men. And women are not some obscure minority, but 50% of the human experience.<br/><br/>So if a thriller sprinkled with (partially accurate) historical references is what it takes to get people to examine their beliefs, research history, and apply the results to improving life for the men, women, and children around them, that will be a respectable achievement for this work of popular literature.
 I just finished this whirlwind of a book last night, and I am completely speechless.  I'm not even sure what to say here except that The Da Vinci Code has to be the best, most intellectually written and fascinating thriller I've read...ever!  Kudos to Dan Brown for creating this exceptional, brilliant tale.<br/>The Da Vinci Code is a richly layered mystery involving codes, symbolism, historical theories, and secret societies.  The curator of the Louvre museum in Paris, Jacques Sauniere, is found murdered inside, but before his final moments, he was able to leave a hidden message behind.  Authorities call in reknowned American symbologist, Robert Langdon, to help decipher the code.  But Sauniere, a master code writer himself, did not make this an easy task, even for an expert.  Langdon thus embarks on a roller coaster ride, sending him on a feverish chase throughout Europe, into churches and chateaus, in a desperate search for answers.<br/>I loved this book and couldn't wait to see how it would end.  I was glued to my seat for hours on end because I absolutely couldn't make myself stop reading.  I learned a lot about Da Vinci, as well, and now my interest in him and his paintings have been piqued.  A lush, vivid landscape and an eerie tone throughout, The Da Vinci Code wins hands-down as my favorite book of the year.
 If you are one of the 27 people left in the U.S. who has not read The DaVinci Code yet, please do!  I ended up having to allow 1 hour reading time to 1/2 hour internet time to look up<br/>Dan Brown's references.  It was so exciting.  His historical<br/>notes were intellectually stimulating.  I also purchased 3 books<br/>of da Vinci's paintings.  I wanted to see how accurate his<br/>story was.  Oh my, yes it seemed so true!  Not only is the main character a symbologist, so informative, he hooks up with<br/>the daughter of the murdered curator to form a team that totally<br/>piques our curiosity.  I have gotten my nephew at NYU, my best friend, and assorted others to read this book.  I also pass on my printed web-pages and da Vinci books.  Many are those who are not into top-ten fiction.  However, they have ALL said this is one of the best novels they have ever read!  Read, enjoy,<br/>and access the internet for confirmation.
 I'd been wanting to read "The Da Vinci Code" for a while.  When my fiance surprised me with the illustrated edition, I was happy that I'd finally get a chance to read the book, but I also didn't understand why there was an illustrated edition available.  Once I started reading, however, I was very grateful to have the illustrated edition in hand.<br/><br/>Revealing too much of the plot of this book will take away from the pleasure of reading it, so I'm not going to say too much.  Basically, the story begins when someone is murdered at the Louvre museum, setting into motion a cryptic chain of events that lead to a religious secret which has been kept under wraps for thousands of years.  This is a fast-paced, intriguing novel that elaborates on actual conspiracy theories that have been talked about for centuries.  (Now I understand why certain religious circles are all up in arms about the content of this book!)  I think that anyone who has even a remote interest in theology will love this book, and anyone else just looking for a good thriller to read will not be disappointed.<br/><br/>Dan Brown references many historical landmarks and objects in his book, which is why this illustrated edition is so convenient.  Unless you have a very strong background in art and religious history and know Paris and London like the back of your hand, chances are that you'll get a little lost in some places, which is where the illustrations come in.  Photographs of historical landmarks and images of famous works of art act as key reference points throughout the book that will make reading it even more enjoyable.<br/><br/>If you haven't read "The Da Vinci Code" yet, I highly suggest you do it soon and not wait for Hollywood to butcher the story with the movie version.  I also recommend shelling out the extra few bucks needed to purchase the illustrated edition: you'll be glad you did.
 Over Christmas we took and exciting and wonderful trips from the cavernous chambers of Parisian museums to monasteries on the heights of the Pyrenees mountains to intriguing Papal castles to churches in foggy London to green pastures of the Scottish landscape: our trip companion was Dan Brown and our itinerary The Da Vinci Code.<br/> A present from my niece, Karen, the novel was an exciting, thought provoking and revealing experience. Running like a `bull' through the twits and turns of its intriguing plot, it shook our inner souls stimulating at times but agitating at others. We groped wearing a habit, the tortures and torments (aside praying) to keep the flesh from temptation. It uncovered the workings of powerful cabals, bent on destroying our sacred institutions, with their ulterior motives and hidden agendas; by infiltrating first and sabotaging afterwards our deepest believes forged by the very establishments with which they dared to get affiliated.<br/> Doubtless Dan's novel helped strengthen the pillars over which our Roman Catholic upbringing rests, to the point of showing the vulnerability of well-intended living persons and how easily it is to manipulate them recklessly by exploiting their humbled origins and polluting their souls with hateful and dubious claims; we don't dispute the validity of some facts, mathematical or otherwise, but diabolical as means to an end. He did that by bringing a greater introspection and appreciation of the masters' art but in a questionable time line: Da Vinci did paint an interpretation of The Last Supper some fifteen-hundred years after the fact.<br/> With such a clever and rapid prose fact and fiction is hard to part. Readers beware! It's just a well-written novel.
 This novel opens with a parable told by a father to his son, about<br/>another father who is forced to give up his young son to a monster, a<br/>div.  When the father later confronts the div and discovers that his son<br/> has been well taken care of and is leading a happy life, the div asks<br/>the father to make a choice: take his son home or leave him to his happy<br/> life.  Realizing that to take his son would fill the void in his own<br/>heart but ruin his son's life, he leaves the son.  Recognizing the<br/>father's selflessness, the div rewards him by erasing the memory of his<br/>son.  Despite this "gift," the father is left his a hole in his soul<br/>that is never filled.<br/><br/>This opening parable is reflected in the<br/>rest of the interconnected stories in this novel, all of which involve,<br/>to some degree, characters presented with the same choice. Although the<br/>main narrative involves the bond between a brother and sister, this<br/>novel is actually much broader in scope than a story of siblings.  The<br/>common thread, in my mind, is the effect of breaking a bond between two<br/>family members or close friends.  When these bonds are broken, often<br/>voluntarily and for the good of one of the pair and the detriment of the<br/> other, the characters are forced to view the world in a new light.  As<br/>young Abdullah notes shortly before losing his sister, he "felt the true<br/> vastness of the desert, and the world, for the the first time.  How<br/>easily a person could lose his way in it."<br/><br/>Of course, every<br/>broken bond leaves a hole in the lives of the characters, ones they<br/>attempt to fill, often with other people.  As one mother explains, she<br/>needs her daughter to "fill these holes inside me."  Some succeed in<br/>filling these voids, while others are left with gaping holes that will<br/>never be filled.<br/><br/>Regardless of the overarching themes, this is an<br/> emotionally moving novel written by a master of crafting stories of<br/>relationships between people that we all can relate to.  Hosseini often<br/>comes close to treading into overwrought sentimentality that, in the<br/>hands of a lesser author, would turn me off.  Hosseini is saved by his<br/>remarkable ability to create characters and relationships that do not<br/>seem contrived.  I am not ashamed to admit that I teared up during parts<br/> of this novel, which, in my eyes, is a sign that it was written by a<br/>masterful storyteller.<br/><br/>Hosseini is never restrained as he weaves<br/>several stories into a tapestry that is cohesive both in theme and in<br/>space.  Each story is somehow connected to the others, although the<br/>characters themselves are often unaware.  Like his other novels, this<br/>one focuses mainly on Afghanistan, but Hosseini spans the globe, placing<br/> parts of the story in California, Paris, and Greece.<br/><br/>When The<br/>Kite Runner was published, not long after 9/11 and the invasion of<br/>Afghanistan, many Americans had little knowledge of the people that<br/>lived there.  Hosseini has excelled as introducing these people and<br/>their heartbreak to a general Western audience, humanizing the people<br/>that are eyewitnesses of the most recent war and the atrocious Taliban<br/>control that proceeded it.  Now, as our involvement in Afghanistan<br/>begins to wind down, this novel shows, in some ways, the effect of our<br/>involvement in the country.  This is not a novel about the war in<br/>Afghanistan. Many of the conflicts created in its stories, however, are<br/>in some way the result of the general upheaval caused by the many wars<br/>in that country.  If nothing else, Hosseini's novels reflect the fate of<br/> Afghans in the last century: being caught as a cultural crossroads that<br/> often results in a mashing of people, some of whom are flung to the far<br/> corners of the world.  One can only hope that the coming years bring a<br/>peace and prosperity to Afghanistan that allows the heart-wrenching<br/>dramas that populate Hosseini's novels to dissipate.
 Is a good read, but somewhat a bit too hyped. I'm mainly into perusal and critical analysis of political works or works of writers of the likes of Hemingway, Dickens, Dostoevsky and Seth (lately). A number of my buddies at college, outside college and others have had highly recommended me this book over time and again. So, I decided giving it a shot! Though I've had the chance of reading a couple of detective novels/thrillers by Michael Connelly and Val McDermid, but I must say, though the overall macrocosm in this book is finely painted, a lot remains to be asked about the underlying microcosmic current which sweeps across in resemblance to a tempest.<br/><br/>I personally have no faith in God! But not because of the reason(s) the author chooses to express here. He talks about the secret society, pagan worship and other related things which are very difficult to prove indeed. Though all religions and all gods are basically man-made things, there's only one line in the whole book which is an eternal truth. After losing the Battle of Waterloo, Napoleon had truly mentioned, "History is a set of lies agreed upon by victors!" If this holds true, then maybe the way Catholic Church have had oppressed the pagan worshippers and the whole cult as a whole does make sense, but to prove that Jesus indeed was a married/familial man and Lady Magdalene was pregnant with indeed his child is, at this very point, at this very juncture in 21st century, quite difficult. Though a very good work of fiction, but would fail to impress fatalists, existentialists and cynics. As for myself, I'm happier with Feuerbach who mentioned, "Religion is the dream of the human mind" or Marx mentioning, "The concept of God of man is the divinized concept of man himself".<br/><br/>Subhasish Ghosh<br/><br/>St Cross College<br/>University of Oxford
 I found The Da Vinci Code to be a thoroughly engrossing book.  It does an excellent job of weaving fact with fiction to produce a compelling story.  It is a mystery/thriller with plenty of science and even some mathematics behind it that help to weave an intriguing story.  The principal characters are well developed and there are some interesting "quirky" characters to help round out the plot.  Writing a story whose protagonists are an archaeologist and cryptographer does at first hand sound like a winning combination but Brown is able to pull it off.  The story is well paced and takes place in some very interesting locales, to say nothing about a plot that spans centuries.  If you're a conspiracy buff you'll also find plenty to enjoy.  I'd highly recommend this book, read it before the movie comes out!!
 Above all other criticism and/or praise, Dan Brown's "Da Vinci Code"  is inarguably an interesting and exciting read.  Although critics do have some merit to the argument that his characters lack the definition of other, more mirthful novels, Brown uses a healthy sampling of wit, intelligence, and anecdotes to keep a reader turning the over 400 pages of this book.<br/>To argue that this book is not worth buying because of the historical inaccuracies is MISSING the point of a FICTIONAL novel; it's make-believe!  Brown twists the facts to suit his own purposes as a story-teller; doing just that seems to be Brown's call to guard.<br/> He does a splendid job keeping this novel moving, and his tempo never wavers.<br/>I was fully satisfied with my purchase (once I realized that I couldn't expect an acutely accurate historical nonfiction work from a middle-aged novelist), and I would be confident in saying that you will too.
 Not sure what I can say that has not already been said by the hundreds of reviewers who have weighed in on the subject.  But anyway, I will...  I found the plot very fast-paced and a good page turner.  However, I was a bit dismayed at the lack of depth in the historical backing of many of the details.  If you are interested in this type of fiction, I would recommend Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum, which I still reread from time to time.<br/>I thought Brown laid a good foundation utilizing Opus Dei as one of the main antagonists in the book, but so much more could have been done developing this facet of the book, and moreover the last few chapters really had me asking for more.<br/>Nevertheless, Brown has made a good effort, and if you want a book that you can read over the course of a rainy weekend, then this is one for you.  I enjoyed it, but would have liked to see Brown develop the plot just a bit more.<br/>Enjoy!
 Do you want to read a spellbinding book about ancient religious secrets and a murder that entangles the secrets?  Well then you'll want to read the Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown.  In this book it takes Robert Langdon and Sophie Nevu from the Louvre in Paris to the countrysides of Great Britain to solve the greatest religious mystery of all time the search for the Holy Grail.<br/> At the beginning of the book Sophie's grandfather is murdered and he left her a mystery to solve.  Then Robert Langdon is brought in to help her solve the mystery of her family.  They run into some unexpected things through out their journey, but they pull through at the end.  If you want to find out what happens at the end of this murder mystery pick up a copy of the Da Vinci Code.  You won't be able to put it down!
 Although wrapped as a thriller, this nailbiting yarn from Brown braces a controversial subject. Little surprise then that it has provoked such pointless debate here in the reviews. Funny, because a bit of literaly license is not uncommon, e.g., in the description of the Pyramids in "Death on the Nile" (Agatha Christie), or old England imagery from Sherlock Holmes, or the veracity of "Blairwitch Project." This is not intended as a documentary, it is fiction, so it is in fact quite a positive thing that it mirrors reality SO closely.<br/>As a sinister thriller with a killer plot, be prepared to immerse in speculation, action and intrigue. Fascinating. As a book about religion or cults, assuming that really gets your goat, well it will incite you to get to your keyboard (as it did me) and that's a good thing, people!<br/>A highly recommended book to own. I could even stand an entire second reading!
 This book is definitely absorbing.  I read it in two days.  Not only is it a quick read, but it peaked my interest in biblical history such that I've spent the days since finishing the book looking into various areas of history that Brown discusses.  Although this is suffcient to earn five stars from me, it is hard to accept the more general claims that Brown makes in this book.  He provides many interesting vignettes regarding how christianity absorbed various pagan symbols and rituals, but his over-arching claim that Christianity ushered in the modern era of misogyny is simply nonsense.  Just a basic familiarity with Homer reveals that women were treated as chattel thousands of years before Christ or Nicea.  Just about every major ancient ruler was male, and their myths invariably centered on males.  While Christianity/Judaism may have been the first religion without an explicitly female goddess figure, that fact hardly distinguishes a misogynist world from a world of equality.<br/>Anyone accepting Mr. Brown's thesis must explain why the modern concept of female equality arose solely in nations with christian histories.  Non-christian cultures have a horrible record regarding their female citizens.  That certain African cultures retain female goddess symbols must be small consolation to the actual flesh and blood women who live there as distinctly second-class citizens.
 I bought this book to see what all of the hype was about like so many others. I did finish it, so i cant say that i was unimpressed. But i will give my review a bit of a break-down.<br/><br/>First the good: Lots of history, whether you believe it or not is your problem. Clearly lots of research was put into this novel.<br/><br/>The the not-so-good: If Dan Brown was the one who uncovered this research, then i would have given it five stars. The fact that it was pretty much all based on the novel Holy Blood Holy Grail, I was disappointed. It seemed to be centered around this book with a bit of fictional characters to give the perception of plot. Id see a little bit of "action" then get a 45 minute history lesson. I disagree with the statements on the back cover thta suggest this is suspenseful.<br/><br/>In all, I should have bought Holy Blood Holy Grail and just read that, which im still considering. I might try some of Brown's other books but wasn't too impressed with the hype of "The Code."
 You will be amazed at the revelations that come forth in this book. Dan Brown uses a fictional story to reveal some fascinating theories concerning the true meaning of the Holy Grail. I had to continually ask myself if what I was reading was "true", or fiction. I have a Masters degree in the Arts and have never heard of any of the intriguing notions set forth in this book. If you love word origins, you will love this book. If you love the history behind History, you will love this book. I also liked the short chapters (some only one or two pages long) so that I could stop reading quickly when I had to. The trouble is, I didn't want to stop reading! Christians, you have to be really open-minded. But, I think if you are not too literal a reader of the bible, this book will expand your horizons.
 While this was a decent book, I found it lacking after Angels and Demons.  A&amp;D gripped me in a page-turning suspense with unseen twists.  DVC seemed like it was trying too hard to make a point, and followed a rather well-known and over-used suspense plot.  I was annoyed to be able to figure out most of the story well before the ending.<br/>Also lacking in this book was the relationship between the Langdon and his lead woman.  It seems forced at the end and has very little throughout the story to imply anything should happen.  This is a huge disappointment after the portrayal of the perfect "Indiana Jones-style" lusting in A&amp;D.<br/>While I would still (hesitantly) recommend this book, I would suggest being prepared for a disappointment after the first Robert Langdon journey, which I would highly recommend to anyone.
 I flew through this book with such relish that I was done within 24 hours of cracking the cover. At its core, The Da Vinci Code is a mystery, but it's such a smart one that I didn't get my usual "I hate mysteries" heebie jeebies. The story is packed full of unique keys, secret codes, hidden hiding places and secret societies. And who doesn't love a good secret society?<br/>Dan Brown clearly did some hefty research for this novel, but I think it shows (off) a little too often. There's a bit too much, "Hey, look what I learned!" mixed in with the fiction. Sometimes it's even hard to tell the two apart - but that's not a horrible thing, this is not meant to be a textbook, after all. It was deliciously decadent to slip into the role of questioning the motives of one of the most firmly-rooted establishments in the world; the Church.<br/>The plot is intricate and fast-paced, which draws your attention away from the one-dimensional characters. And the cliffhangers, admittedly transparent gimmicks, do what they're supposed to do - they make you want to read the book faster.<br/>The Da Vinci Code is fantastic for what it's meant to be... an entertaining read. Anyone who criticizes it for being plot-driven or inaccurate is just being pompous and biased against popular fiction.
 Hearing the hype and the subject matter, I picked up a copy of Brown's book. Found positives and negatives.<br/>Positives?  the book certainly kept you riveted, main characters had little time to catch their breath.  Attention to detail was another plus. Brown did tie all pieces together well.<br/>Negatives? I found the characters very one dimensional. With so much action, there was little in the way of character development.<br/>But the primary reason I would not recommend this book is its cross-pollinating of truth and fiction. As a religious scholar much of the dialog between Brown's ficitonal "scholars" left me wanting to join the debate.  Much of the information was just plain wrong, dare I call it lies?  And from many of the reviews I've read on this site, most have taken the bait - hook, line and sinker.  Being a cynic, I wonder if Mr. Brown didn't deliberately muddy the waters between fact and fiction. His opening note that the places, documents, etc are true only made the distinction between fact and fiction even blurrier.<br/>While the attention to details builds this book's positives, its lack of truth in those details makes this one book I cannot recommend.
 This completely fabulous book was a quick read and I could not put it down.  I was done with it in a day! Dan Brown is the only author I have found so far to make the topics propounded in his novel fast and fun and even exciting at times. The issues and concepts that Dan Brown writes about have been around for years, but only in boring, tedious lengthy treatises that few people other than theological intellectuals would ever delve into. I find the background of christian symbolism fascinating. Some say the writing style and the plot was predictable and therefore unworthy, but if I'm reading for fun, I want a fast, easy read with a structure that IS predicable so I can zip through the book. Dan Brown does this in a very amusing style. I have to admit, I'm not one much for the likes of Tom Clancy style novels, but the DaVinci code successfully blended it together for me. I liked both the book and the movie.<br/><br/>And the very most important part of the novel was the bringing up the issue of Mother God who was suppressed by the Roman Catholic Church for about 1500 years. I like the way he brought up that issue because I do believe that there will be a resurgence of worship of Her in the near future as more feminism and equality creeps back into religion. Plus, I believe we are becoming a much more spiritual society with people having their own personal encounters with Mother Goddess via increased personal visions, healings and more women entering into the clergy as ministers, pastors, priestesses, etc., so this book is definitely a prelude to that. And, if it is as people are predicting, an entry of the world into and age of greater world peace, then Mother God is certainly leading that focus for the future.<br/><br/>For a great book on Mother God, see the one written by Sylvia Browne, she does a terrific job of discussing Her.
 "The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown. Robert Langdon a Professor of Religious Symbology is in Paris to give a lecture for "The American University of Paris". He is sleeping in his hotel after the lecture when he is awoken by the phone ringing. He is informed that a guest is on his way to his room. It turns out the local police need his help for some reason in a murder case at the Louvre. He doesn't know it yet but the Police suspect him. Adventure ensues.<br/><br/>For those who don't know the book has a great deal to do with the Holy Grail. Where it is and what it is. Many Christians have big problem with this books point of view and seem not to want the book read or the movie viewed. If your faith is so weak that a book of fiction can make you question it, then you shouldn't read this. However if you can read a book of fiction that may or may not be contrary to what you believe and take it for what it is, a work of fiction, the you will enjoy this book. Apparently the subject matter has been the center of great debate for some time, and although the characters in this book support the side of the debate that most Christians do not follow the book is still a work of fiction and is an enjoyable story.<br/><br/>The Good: The book moves at a good pace, with things constantly happening. Good characters. Great descriptions of Paris etc. very enjoyable read that is well written.<br/><br/>The bad: Nothing of note.<br/><br/>Overall the book was a great read and I highly recommend it.
 I was recommended "The Da Vinci Code" by a friend of mine who said that in spite of its religious subject, it was a great read and a great thriller/mystery. She was absolutely right.<br/>If you like thrillers but aren't into alternative religious studies, you will still like this book. "Da Vinci Code" is so strong as an adventure story, you don't have to be into any of the main characters' favorite subjects to enjoy it.<br/>It does help, however, to be interested by the mental twists and turns of the conspiracy theories, obscure history and anti-establishment viewpoints expressed here. It also helps to have a good vocabulary or a good dictionary -- the main characters are all academics, and they speak and think as such.<br/>In a nutshell, this book is a great ride for the nerdier crowd, but still plenty adventurous enough for the regular thriller reader to stay tuned in.
 I carried a copy of this book with me to the seminary one day and was asked by one of my fellow students, 'How can you read that?  It is so anti-catholic, isn't it?'<br/>Yes, there is an anti-catholic undercurrent here.  It is part of the artistic license of an  author to be able to get away with such things -- is it the author, or the stories and characters in the plot that are to blame?  In fact, without the anti-catholic strand running through this novel, it loses some credibility; just as a show without the character you-love-to-hate would be diminished, so too would this novel.  And that is how I have treated this (given that I generally have an anti-anti-catholic bias) -- it is a piece of the novel, and thus a piece of fiction.  Often the pieces of history that would support this anti-catholic bias are historically inaccurate, and any good editor could catch them -- this is part of why I must view it as intended to be part of the fiction, rather than an essential element of the author's intention.  As a diatribe against Catholicism specifically or religion generally, it would be a failure.<br/>As it is, The Da Vinci Code is an intriguing mystery novel with interesting characters and fascinating plot development.  It reminds me in certain respects of Umberto Eco's 'The Name of the Rose', with intricate plot developments that hinge on history, art, symbols, and mystery that might never be discerned.<br/>We have secret societies and great historical secrets here.  The Priory of Sion (an actual ancient society) is featured, being the same society to which the murder victim (an art historian and museum director at the Louvre) and Da Vinci both belonged -- the secrets are handed down from age to age, and yet, appear in plain sight (through art work of Da Vinci, no less) for those clever enough, or with sufficient initiation into the gnostic knowledge, to understand.<br/>Age-old mysteries such as what exactly the Mona Lisa is smiling at, and what is the secret of the Holy Grail, get intertwined as the deepening mystery takes our hero Robert Langdon and heroine Sophie Neveu through Europe past and present.  There is an element of Indiana Jones here, too, who had his own secret society trying to protect the secrets of the Grail.  Also, the authorities are after the duo becomes the object of suspicion (due to Langdon's name being found in the final message of the murder victim, Sauniere) in addition to being the ones sorting out the mysteries.<br/>Again, reminiscent of Eco, there are multiple mysteries in multiple layers here.  Symbols, language and linguistics, codes, and historical mysteries crop up on a regular basis as the chase commences in Paris and proceeds apace to London.  There have been other murders!  There are other issues involved!  Is history about to be rewritten?  Just what is history?<br/>In classic style, the real mystery is not who did the killing (although I'm not going to tell you that here, anyway), but rather why the murder (and the other murders) took place.  This is the kind of book that draws one in and asks to be read again to make sure clues were not missed and dropped along the way.  There is a relatively tight weave here, without too many loose ends.  A good read, an intelligent mystery -- just remember, this is a work of fiction.<br/>Four and a half stars.
 After reading Dan Brown's "Deception Point", I now know Brown is a good author who missed the mark with the Davinci Code.<br/>I read somewhere where Brown's agent heard the plot and said "wow this is gonna be great" so they cranked up the promotion of this book.  Unfortunately, I don't think the publisher read the book first.<br/>Da Vinci Code is about a symologist who gets brought into a murder case and ends up breaking codes after codes until he discovers the secret of the Holy Grail.<br/>Your view of Christianity will have a big impact on how you view this book.  I happen to not believe Brown's premise, but the book could have been good if Brown had made it as good as some of his other novels.<br/>As Brown unveils each new answer to a code, it reads like an encyclopedia of art history and hidden symbols in famous paintings.  While intriguing, Brown fails to make it interesting, especially for a novel.  Brown would have written a better novel (in my opinion) if the characters had to overcome doubt about what they were discovering.  But that wasn't the case.  As each new "supposed truth" is discovered, the characters accept it as fact, in the same way that modern day Christians accept the facts about Jesus (and Brown criticizes this blidn faith).<br/>Brown has written good books, this just isn't one of them.
 The Special Illustrated Collector's Edition of The DaVinci Code is a bonus for fans of Brown's novel. Whether inspired by the possibility of holiday sales or as a further bridge to the art world, Doubleday has created a beautiful edition, with over 150 full color images, including masterpieces, ancient symbols and arcane signs for following Sophie and Robert as they unravel the mysteries before them. For the first time reader, the original text is enhanced by stunning artwork and the overall quality of the book; the basic layout, chapter headings and pages of colorful paintings are beautifully rendered. For those who are already fans, this edition offers yet another opportunity to continue the discussion, visual aids close at hand, an impressive volume by any standard
 This book is similar to the style of books John Grisham writes.  It has a fast moving (somewhat forced) plot with very little character development.<br/><br/>From an entertainment viewpoint, the book's strength is the author's short chapters which leave you wanting for more.  However, it comes across as a bit too contrived and convenient.  As the two heroes of the book are being chased by police they suddenly have an ally with a bank official who smuggles them out of harms way with an armored car.  When things look impossible, they find another friend with a jet plane to fly them out of France.  On it goes.<br/><br/>Further, the so called clues to find a code were right up there with a magic decoder ring (don't forget to drink your Ovaltine!)With all the concern over a heavily guarded secret of the New Testament and the ongoing chase, the book reads like an adult version of Where in the World is Carmen Santiago (almost caught, but not quite).<br/><br/>Again, it was fun to read, but once the hype and the movie becomes history, so too will this book. What will not become history, though, is the need for people to get closer to the Lord.  I believe there are many out there searching, and that is why this book held their interest. They are looking for the truth.  It is sad and ironic, though, that they think it will be found in a piece of fiction.
 I really wanted to give this book a five star rating, but was  slightly disappointed with the ending.  Not the ending I would have chosen, but then again I am not writing the book.  Very good read. Chapters set-up for moving along at a fast pace.  Characters were very good and interesting.  I have 18 years of Catholic School education and did not find any of the subject matter disturbing.  This is a work of fiction, the author has the right to make whatever conclusions he wants.  The societies described in the book do exist.  Every society has deviant<br/>characters and monsters, this does not make an entire society bad. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys Indiana Jones, touch of the Fugitive (innocent man seemed to be framed)and the Omen.  This book did make me wonder about the societies talked about.  Went on Yahoo and did some research, very interesting.  Good read for the summer.
 As an employee of one of the major chains, I had access to a preview copy of the book.  We were encouraged to handsell this book, so I thought I should read it.  I don't think I've been so disappointed in a book since "The Celestine Prophecy".<br/>The writing style is mediocre at best.  At first I liked the short chapters that intercut between characters so that you feel you are reading the story in real time.  But this device became very tedious when a character, usually Sophie or Langdon, would go into long reveries about some detail in the past.<br/>The plot device of following the clues wears thin rather quickly.  It becomes a cross between a roller coater ride &amp; a scavenger hunt.<br/>The anti-Catholic tone is strident &amp; ridiculous.  Throughout the book we are led to believe that the Vatican (is the Vatican a person now?) is behind the conspiracy or involved in some way. Then Brown just drops the insinuation.  Vatican motives were not so evil after all.<br/>I was willing to go along with the parts set in France, but when the scene moves to Britain, I began to notice the little niggling errors about places I have been.  The author describes people as "grave-rubbing" in Westminster Abbey.  The proper temr is brass-rubbing and it has been a very long time since anyone was permitted to do brass rubbings in the Abbey. This indicates that Mr Brown may not have done as much research as he should have.<br/>Dan Brown chooses the most outlandish of interpretations and then presents them as facts.  This leads to wild deductions.<br/>The characters are flat and cartoonish.  Am I the only reader who thinks he was a bit hard on the French police?<br/>The only reason I give it two stars is because it kept my attention half way through the book.  I had to force myself to finish it.  I read Patterson's "The Jester" in the same month.  It may be a while before I can force myself to read another hyped thriller.<br/>If you want to read this kind of thriller, Arturo Perez-Reverte is much better at it.  Try "The Flanders Panel", an amazing book that will not disappoint.
 I really enjoyed this book and like that the author took a conspiracy theory and brought it to life. I enjoyed the character of Robert Langdon, a man who finds himself in the middle of a mystery and finds that his brain is useful and luckily he is skilled at reading the signs others miss or simply dismiss. The author has an inviting writing style that readers will enjoy.
 This book represents such flagrant ignorance of the elements of suspense and mystery writing that it is deplorable.  The main characters are so capable of easing themselves out of predicaments that there is no tension whatsoever.  They could walk into the Oval Office and use a phone while discussing medieval symbology, apparently.  Throw a bar of soap out the window and all of the security forces in the district will chase it.  There are such an endless series of these episodes that it reads like a Monty Python plot.  The keystone evidently refers to the French and English cops.  Only Jim Carey could enact the exorbitant character expressions and reactions the author ties to revelations, events, and dialog. Forget the themes, a new meaning to the Holy Grail and the subjugation of feminism by the founders of Christianity.  It is so pedantic in its portrayal that it is, at best, marginal.  Maintaining the status quo through secret societies is portrayed as, apparently, appropriate, if shrouded by enough symbolic ritual and riddle to keep a mystic swimming.  References to real questions of religious reform, feminism, the priesthood, right to life versus abortion, and so on are ignored, so as not to offend any element of the book-buying public.  But there is a deep level of conspiracy and cover up evident herein!  How do Doubleday and the NY Times manage to cook the books and keep this appalling pulp number one on the best seller's list week after week?
 While it's certainly engaging, it's definitely not satisfying.  Sure, it's a page-turner that you'll probably read in a week, but in hindsight you'll realize that the author merely took a bunch of interesting conspiracy theories and mysterious facts and figures and sewed them all together in a kind of conspiracy tapestry.<br/>You start by taking the main conspiracy theory, namely the Priory of Scion/Mary Magdelene/Knights Templar theory, then you tie in a mysterious cult, namely Opus Dei (which is seems REALLY out of place, if you think about it), sprinkle on some interesting factoids, IE the Golden Ratio PHI, various forms of cryptography, etc.<br/>Then you realize how Hollywood the whole book is.  Reading the plot for one of Dan Brown's other books (Angels and Demons . . . Order of the Illuminati . . . OooOOoohhHh) I realize that this guy makes a living writing these "conspiracy tapestries".  Trust me, it's must more interesting reading about these conspiracy theories from legitimate non-fiction books, or watching History Channel specials, then reading them from Dan Brown.
 This book was great. At points it was a little slow but it more than makes up for it when the symbols kick in. I mean it is really something, this book it was. At points I just couldn't get enough of it because it was so symbolic. Like symbolic for what? Is what you are asking yourself at points in this novel. But then the symbols are explained and you sit like a fish in the fryer after figuring out what they are. But I would definitely recommend this novel at points. I read it in almost 3 days which at points is very good for me. Da Vinci was a very interesting man as this book puts it.
 Finally got around to reading this after years of being harassed by the locals. I really do not see the big deal.<br/><br/>This is a work of Fiction but apparently people are taking this for fact. I am not interested in these types of "thrillers" to begin with so its really not fair to review it but if you are like me and had not read it because you  were<br/><br/>A- Not interested<br/>B-Could care less about Jewish Numerology<br/><br/>then dont bother to read it, save time and money and read something you think you might enjoy.<br/><br/>( Hey, at least I didn't say I hated it)
 People either love or hate Dan Brown's book.  I seem to a minority falling in the middle.  It was an easy, breezy read that passed the time quickly and would be a fine companion on a long, but not too long, airplane trip.  The characters are rather two dimensional and a reader who scratches the surface of the data presented will find it about an inch deep.  Many reades are taking his theory as gospel, which is unfortunate.  Some of what he presents is plausible, some possible, but other parts verge on the outlandish.<br/>Born has no background in language, religion, or history so his position must be taken with a grain of salt.  Some of the theories he offers can be found in other books, particularly the grail theory, but that does not make it true.  Other material on subjects like the divine feminine are interesting but often taken in places data does not justify.<br/>In any case, people looking to learn the history of the early church should look elsewhere. People looking for a quick read that requires little thought may want to pick this up.
 The Da Vinci Code is a well-crafted high-suspense story, loaded almost to overflowing with history, architecture, theology, art and literary commentary, all centered around one intriguing question.  Is it possible that Jesus was actually married to the woman known as Mary Magdalene, and to what lengths would anyone go to keep the world from believing this? You'll get your money's worth from this novel's 454 pages.  Be prepared for a lot of information to absorb, but also for a fast-paced story, lots of action, high-suspense, frequent viewpoint shifts, more flashbacks than you can count, multiple cliff-hangers, and tons of riddles and rhymes to ponder.<br/>ABC devoted an entire hour recently to examining the veracity of the Jesus/Mary Magdalene theory.  As if this weren't enough to wonder about, there is also the belief, held by some, that Mary Magdalene fled to France following Christ's crucifixion and gave birth to a daughter whose descendents are supposedly part of a bloodline that includes Jesus Christ and King David.  You may not buy any of this, but the fact that the Priory of Sion is a real society with such illustrious members as Da Vinci, Hugo, and Isaac Newton, is something to think about.<br/>I had no idea that the Mary Magdalene story was so pervasive, and has been told allegorically in such classics as Sleeping Beauty, Wagner's Parsifal, and Hugo's The Hunchback of Notre Dame.  Even Disney's The Little Mermaid allegedly reflects what Dan Brown's symbologist Robert Langdon calls "the sacred feminine."<br/>The Da Vinci Code is not for the easily offended.  I disagree that Dan Brown had any ulterior motives for writing this story, other than to bring to readers' attention the fact that there are many unanswered questions about the life of Jesus Christ - questions that even the staunchest believers will not find answers to in this life.  The author had no vendetta against the Catholic Church, no wish to embarrass anyone, no wish to destroy anyone's cherished beliefs.  As the daughter of a minister myself, having grown up quite familiar with biblical stories as they are conventionally told, I very much enjoyed the results of Dan Brown's in-depth research.  I have long believed that one must be able to read between the lines of the Bible to understand what is and is not there.  The four Gospels do not tell the complete story of Jesus' life, not by a long shot.<br/>I have read several reviews claiming that the information Dan Brown presents is flawed, biased, or simply false.  I respect the opinions of others who were not pleased with The Da Vinci Code, but I strongly resist hearing criticism that does not explain itself.  If what Dan Brown has presented is erroneous or untrue, please tell us why.  Be specific.<br/>The best fiction has always been whatever makes us think - about ourselves, about others, and about the incredible universe we find ourselves inhabiting.  To quote one of my favorite Shakespeare lines, "There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy."
 One can look at "The Da Vinci Code" in a couple different lights: as a suspenseful thriller, and as a historical conspiracy story. Either way, the book ends up as something of a disappointment.<br/><br/>I've certainly read better, more engaging thrillers than this. Dan Simmons' "Darwin's Blade" is a good example, or Thomas Harris' excellent "Silence of the Lambs."<br/><br/>"The Da Vinci Code" lacks four things I consider necessary for an effective, compelling piece of thriller fiction. It lacks believable characters which the reader cares about, it lacks mystery, it lacks a sense of peril, and it lacks a good punch at the end.<br/><br/>The characters of "The Da Vinci Code" are paper-thin. There is no sense of depth or personality to any of the characters, not even Robert Langdon, the main protagonist. I found myself a step ahead of them almost right away, and constantly wondering why these supposedly intelligent people were behaving so stupidly. The first third of the book is spent in a dead end, which the reader knows is a dead-end from the first few pages. The "big mystery" of the book was transparent to me by the time I was halfway done, and the solutions to many of the smaller problems were almost painfully obvious. There is never a real sense of danger in the book, as just when things should be getting intense the story screeches to a halt for long passages of exposition. And at last, the potential for an intriguing end pulls its punch and just sort of peters out.<br/><br/>So, let's look at the other aspect of this book: the historical conspiracy. Once again, there are far better examples of this sort of story available. If you find this aspect of "The Da Vinci Code" compelling, I recommend these books heartily. Katherine Neville's "The Eight" is an excellent novel in this field, but the Holy Grail (heh) of historical conspiracy novels has to be Umberto Eco's masterpiece, "Foucault's Pendulum." The latter book sets up such a complex web of connections throughout history that it stands up to multiple readings quite well, which is one of several things I can't say about "The Da Vinci Code."<br/><br/>A good historical conspiracy story needs only three things to work for me. The first of these is originality. The second, a solid foundation of history. The third is that the story behind the story should be presented in such a way that doesn't insult the reader. Few things annoy me more than an author who "talks down" to the reader or deliberately dumbs down history. Unfortunately, this is the path that Brown chose to travel, and "The Da Vinci Code" disappoints as a result.<br/><br/>The idea behind "The Da Vinci Code," with its merging of Templar, Masonic, and Rosicrucian history with Grail myth, seems cribbed from other books, most notably from Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum." The history presented in the book is, to put it kindly, simplistic. What should be major points of the story are glossed over quickly and without much depth. Even worse is the treatment of Grail legend, in which all the complexity, drama and deep background of the Grail story is given only the most cursory nod. Grail legend is an extensive field with a great deal of history and controversy surrounding it, both from within the Christian church and without. Unfortunately, Brown focuses on a single interpretation and largely ignores the pre-Christian, pagan roots of Grail mythology.<br/><br/>Much of the history is presented in the form of the ubiquitous flashback in which Langdon, a Harvard professor, recalls classroom sessions that have all the depth of an info-mercial. One hopes that a Harvard classroom is much more engaging than what Brown presents here. Other parts of the back-story are presented in discussions between characters which bring the story to a screeching halt. These passages of exposition are not only at odds with the story itself, they made me repeatedly grimace at the way Brown oversimplifies the history he presents. Brown's statement at the beginning of the book that all of his descriptions are "accurate" seems disingenuous at best.<br/><br/>For me, there is little to like about "The Da Vinci Code." The prose of the book is serviceable but unremarkable. The characters lack depth, the story lacks suspense, the pacing is completely off thanks to all the exposition, and the history is diluted to the point of being meaningless.<br/><br/>The funny thing is, this is a book I should like. I love a good thriller, and I love history. I enjoy examining some of the mysteries behind "established" history. I even agree with some of the ideas I believe Brown was trying to express. But ultimately, "The Da Vinci Code" is too shallow and too dull a book too engage me on any of these levels. I didn't utterly hate it. It's a quick read, and an entertaining book, but little more. I wanted to like it, but when I put it down after reading the last page, I simply found it lacking.
 This book mixes fast action and suspense with interesting spiritual, ethical and moral issues without becoming too much of a `heavyweight' book.  The concept that there are interested groups after secrets suppressed for centuries, secrets that can bring down modern-day Christianity with all the possible repercussions forms a solid plot for the action. Once one has read a conventional thriller and knows `whodunnit' the book is passé. But when it makes you think of other issues and pick up other books to explore some of the concepts raised, the book becomes more than a run-of-the-mill thriller - and this book falls in that category. Another book of fiction of note is Gore Vidal's `Julian' (about the nephew of Constantine the Great who wanted to revert to the old pagan religions from the newly established Christianity). After finishing "The Da Vinci Code," the question that lingers on is: how much is fact and how much is fiction?  For those who are interested in pursuing this, some good books to start with are Bart Ehrman's "Lost Christianities," John Shelby Spong's "Born of A Woman" and "This Hebrew Lord," and Marcus Borg's "The Heart of Christianity."
 First of all, this is a thoroughly entertaining and thought-provoking suspense novel...a work of FICTION. (How many among those who have vilified it as "heresy" have read it?) Brown is a storyteller, not a theologian. Establishing tension and achieving dramatic effect explain his use (abuse?) of historical as well as theological material. With great skill, he introduces and then develops a number of interesting characters within a gripping and cohesive plot, guiding the reader to what proves to be (given the narrative's parameters) a plausible and pleasing conclusion.<br/>Set primarily in Paris, the focus is on Robert Langford and Sophie Neveu as they seek the Holy Grail while struggling to solve a series of puzzles. Their solution of one creates several new, even more complicated puzzles. Meanwhile, their lives are in danger. If they do not crack the Da Vinci Code, they will probably die. The 2,000-year old secret which that code protected will also be lost. Tension builds as clues (true and false) accumulate. Stalked by an assassin, Langford and Neveu are about to complete their quest when....<br/>This work of fiction has indeed generated a great deal of controversy. In an article written by Antonio Calanni which appeared in Newsweek magazine, several questions are posed and then answered. For example:<br/>Q: Did Leonardo include Mary Magdalene in his "Last Supper"?<br/>A: Most art scholars say no. The figure reputed to be Mary Magdalene is actually the beloved disciple John, who is usually depicted young and clean-shaven.<br/>Q: Are Opus Dei and the Priory of Sion real organizations?<br/>A: Yes, but there is no indication that either is involved in any plot to conceal or reveal secrets of the Holy Grail.<br/>Q: What is the Holy Grail?<br/>A: The most widely accepted idea is that it was the cup used by Christ at the Last Supper. Others have hypothesized that it was a secret book. In the 12th century a French abbot claimed to possess it; his silver chalice now resides in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.<br/>Q: Is there a secret cache of documents that reveal the true history of Christianity?<br/>A: No one knows, but scholars are busy analyzing ancient documents found in Egypt in the last century. These texts, known as the Gnostic Gospels, were lost for centuries, and could shed new light on the origins of the church.<br/>Q: Did Leonardo hide clues about church secrets in his paintings?<br/>A: Art historians doubt it.<br/>© 2004 Newsweek, Inc.<br/>Meanwhile, this novel continues to be a bestseller. No wonder that both the Mona Lisa and Dan Brown are smiling.
 I think I was one of the last people on the planet earth to pick up this novel but I am glad I did!  I travel a lot and for the last few years, I think every third person in the airport was carrying THE DA VINCI CODE. I bought the book after some friends in my Sunday School Class were talking about how good it was. Like most people, I couldn't put it down. I am able to distinguish fact from fiction and since I read a book to be entertained, DaVinci filled the bill. I was entertained during the entire story. It is easy reading, compelling and fast paced. A lot of research went into this novel and it raised some questions that were easy to investigate. I know the Catholic Church re-wrote the Bible centuries ago but reading this book did not shake one iota of the faith I already have. I read it as FICTION with bits and pieces of fact interspersed!  But it certainly was a fun read!<br/>Now I am looking forward to the movie.
 I was not interested in reading this book, but a friend lent it to me and said it was good. They were correct. It is an extremely readable book, loaded with symbols, puzzles, art, and mystery. The chapters are very short, making it easy to pick up and put down as needed.<br/>I was familiar with much of the subject matter beforehand (so much for the real, historic conspiracy!), so many of the revelations were obvious to me - still I am not great with puzzles and though I love art I am no expert, so he did give me a few things I wasn't aware of before. I will have to do some research (to me, this is a good thing) on some of the things mentioned, just to make sure the author wasn't taking artistic license (a bad thing, IMOP. Real things and people should be portrayed as they are/were).<br/><br/>As much as I liked it, it failed to make a perfect score. I felt the ending was a bit trite, and the villain was just a bit too obvious. Also, if he did take license with DaVinci's art I will lower my rating!
 It is a sad thing to realize that people read Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" and believe to be reading intellectual material. And the fact that this novel tops the bestseller list for over a year only proves that the average reader limits his/her choice to book with dubious quality. This is the same kind of readers that call Brown's moneymaker novel of high intellectual stuff.<br/>To begin with "The Da Vinci Code" is far to reach any level of being called an intellectual book. Plain and simple, this book is a very mediocre thriller written with no style whatsoever. As so it works for about 300 pages when its story becomes tedious and predictable. Moreover, nobody expects a writer who deals with such material to be a James Joyce or a Faulkner, but, nevertheless, there is no need of writing for dummies, like Brown insists on doing. Thoughts come in italic, and to make sure that his reader has understood it is a thought indeed, the writer pens after such sentence 'thought Robert' -- or whoever used his/her brain. To make matters worse, the vast majority of these thoughts aren't necessary. If Brown trusted enough in his reader's intelligence he would leave room for imagination and wouldn't state every single thought every character had.<br/>The characters are so archetypical --and far from being human -- that they laughable. Not a single soul lives in this book. Moreover, the supposed 'mind games' are silly and for dummies. It is impossible to believe that someone could find pleasure in seeing Robert breaking a code. Da Vinci deserved more respect and not his (Da Vinci's) name and works in a material with such a low quality. By the way, using Da Vinci's name in the title and Mona Lisa's eyes in the cover of the book was a very smart move. The Renascence Genius has little to do with this book, but his masterpiece has even less. The famous painting is mentioned for about 3 or 4 pages in the beginning of the book and then forgotten. So, be aware, those who expect something on Mona Lisa's smile.<br/>It is clear that Brown attempted to copycat Umberto Eco, and his most notorious fiction: "The Name of the Rose" and "Foucault's Pendulum". But he failed. Oh, boy this is good to tell how much he failed. While Eco is a genius with novels as deep and smart as extremely well written, Brown writes pseudo-intellectualism for the masses that have never read a really deep and labored book. But with "Da Vinci" the writer is reaching a part of the population who has never read something brainy. Mind you that his book is not intellectual stuff, but some people may find it so, due to their lack of background.<br/>There are people with hot arguments on the theological implications on 'The Da Vinci Code'. Personally speaking, I believe that with his fantasies Brown may have managed to get closer to the truth than we have ever expected. But his prose is so plain, so silly that it is impossible to take his side. Nevertheless, I wouldn't take the other side either.<br/>Readers who look for intellectual and well-written material should stick to the original one, i.e. Umberto Eco. Brown is for the masses indeed, for those who read a book for mere fun and not for the ideas. Writing --and reading-- this kind of prose is not a crime, but it is so to try to sell it disguised in insightful material.
 First off, as you can tell, if you hate this book then you hate this book. There are always lovers and haters among every community and you just have to deal with it.<br/><br/>Now, onto the matter at hand. I love this book. I read it a little after it came out while some people in my high school Art class were discussing it. I couldn't put it down once I started. It's a work of FICTION...sorry about the caps, just some people don't know what that means in their reviews. It's about the search for the blood line of Jesus Christ by Robert Langdon, Professor of Religious Symbology at Harvard University. He travels throughout Paris to find clues and makes enemies a long the way.<br/><br/>The ending might be easy to predict if you read the book closely but it's a shocker if you don't. Dan Brown is a great writer of Historical Fiction and does research to make sure his descriptions are correct. I'd recommend this to anyone who is into suspense, much like his other books.<br/><br/>If you've seen the movie based off of this book, be sure to pick this up as there are major points missing from the movie.
 I wish I could say that Dan Brown's novel was gripping from the git-go, but it isn't. The beginning is gripping. The curator of the Louvre is murdered, but his murderer allows him enough time to die that he can form his body into a *symbol.* Next the police are rousing from a too short sleep the protagonist of the story who happens to be a renouned professor of *symbology* from Harvard University. So far, so good.<br/>Then the novel bogs down. Key to Brown's story is his interpre-tation of Da Vinci's "Last Supper." Each participant at the Supper has his own goblet. Supposedly this means that Da Vinci did not mean that the Holy Grail was a goblet. Brown does not mention that there are other historical discrepencies such as Jesus and the Disciples are sitting rather than reclining. The Disciple to the left of Jesus supposedly has the figure of a woman. If so, this Disciple is not the bustiest. Jesus and this Disciple supposedly wear the same colors of clothing. However many characters in the painting wear blue and red.<br/>The reader needs to allow Brown some latitude to tell his story. However it is distracting to read that (p 245) one of the characters pulled a book called _The Gnostic Gospels_ off the shelf and proclaimed that it contained "photocopies (really?) of the Nag Hammadi and the Dead Sea Scrolls." Enjoy the mystery, but don't get get caught up with it.
 This was a really disappointing book.  I enjoyed "Angels and Demons", and from the first few pages this book was just too similar.  It seemed like an obvious attempt to capitalize on the formula.<br/>I'm not concerned either way by the religious issues, by the way, and I'm no grail scholar.  That said, the puzzles were insultingly simple.  How long can it take for a cryptologist to recognize a Fibonacci series?  Does anyone not know that Da Vinci was known for using mirror-image handwriting?  The big puzzle at the end of the book (I won't spoil this one for you) was introduced fully 100 pages before it was solved, but as soon as the full poem was printed (after 10 pages) the answer was obvious.  I spent the next 90 pages hoping that the answer would be something more clever, but it was exactly as I thought.  Am I some sort of puzzle-solving genius?  Not likely.  I know plenty of people better at it than I am.<br/>If you haven't read "Angels and Demons" and try not to think too hard, you might like this book.
 I saw a lot of Da Vinci Code programs on the history channel and other stations before I actually picked this book up and read it, so the whole concept of the Grail being Mary Magdalene wasn't that much of a draw for me (in fact with all the hype about the book being focused on this idea I avoided it for the first year and a half till I saw this special illustrated edition at Wal Mart).  I'm a fan of books that involve discovering histories mysteries so I decided to pick it up, along with Angels and Demons special edition.<br/><br/>I read Angels and Demons first and loved it.  It was fast paced, clever well developed good guys and gals, shady, mysterious, in between characters,and so bad you wanna choke 'em bad guys surprises keep popping up, a good history lesson on Art, Religon, Architecture, and History all in one deliscious serving.  Add to that if you are not familiar with all the various settings of the novel the pictures keep you up to speed.<br/><br/>Moving on to the Da Vinci Code is more of the same (though Angels and Demons is a bit better as a thriller).  These two were the best books I have read in a long time (and I do a lot of reading).  I recomend both of these in the Special Illustrated Editions if you want to dole out the extra cash, you'll find it well worth the cost especially for the Da Vinci Code since the publishers still rake in a great deal of money by not publishing it in a paperback for mass market readers.<br/><br/>I read
 "How to Write Like Dan Brown"<br/><br/>Chapter 1<br/><br/>Bill was close, he knew it.  He walked away from the Starbucks counter with coffee in hand.<br/><br/>Coffee, he thought.  He frowned.  What could it mean?  It would probably amuse the Starbucks owner that coffee was an anagram for "cof fee".  The first word, when translated from German, was pure gibberish because it wasn't German.  That might explain the consternation of the cashier's face when he tried to order in German.  "Fee," of course, meant "cost."<br/><br/>And Bill certainly paid a lot for his latte.  Another anagram - latte:  "Late T".  Or "late tea", perhaps a mockery of a beverage preferred by obnoxious English people.  Maybe not as obnoxious as the French, however, who were certainly proud of their poodles and always asked visiting Americans about the quality of their poofy tails.<br/><br/>Suddenly it struck him like lightning.  Could it be that simple?!?  He looked at the bottom of the cup and gasped in surprise.<br/><br/>Chapter 2<br/><br/>Susan ate a crumpet.  She began choking.<br/><br/>Chapter 3<br/><br/>Bill squealed in pain like the sacred feminine of pagan ancestors.  He had spilled his coffee on his front while trying to look at the bottom of the cup.<br/><br/>Chapter 4<br/><br/>Susan managed to dislodge the crumpet from her mouth.  Boy, that guy spilling coffee on himself was really funny...<br/><br/>Ok, enough joking.<br/><br/>The story is fun to read, ignoring the rapid "chapter turning" approach to it all.  However, it's more simplistic than I hoped it would be.  It seems like a dying man with a stomach wound can certainly have enough time to scrawl hidden messages throughout the Louvre.  One would have thought there may have been blood around the Mona Lisa or Madonna of the Rocks, but we're led to believe that the French police are wholly inept.<br/><br/>On another note, it appears that Opus Dei and the Vatican may be taking the book a little too seriously.  Some even have suggested boycotting the film.  IT'S FICTION, PEOPLE.  If you want to really get upset, let's film FACT - Spanish Inquisition anyone?  And what will this accomplish anyway?  By stirring up controversy, you're only asking rubbernecking people to stop on the highway and wonder what "caused the accident."  Opus Dei will have inadvertently succeeded in advertising for the film.
 Wow! This is an absolutely breathtaking book. I read it in just ONE sitting the other night. I could not put it down! I was ignorant about Da Vinci's symbolism and "inside jokes" as well as those of Boticelli and other masters whom Brown mentions. But after reading this book, I am planning on delving further into these issues! And that's saying something, because I am the least religious person you'll ever meet.<br/>Dan Brown has an incredible gift for storytelling as well as an impressive handle on the facts. That's what makes this book so compelling: the story itself is fictional, but the foundation of it (the symbols, stories, and organizations) is real and historically accurate and well researched.<br/>Just because this book deals with religious symbols, please do NOT be turned away if you are not religious. It's not preachy or heavy or any of that other nonsense. Believe me. It's fused with mystery, suspense, and historical facts.<br/>(The epilogue will make you smack your forehead and say "of course! It's so obvious!")
 Quite honestly, I am not the type of person to hop on a bandwagon so I did not buy this book during the height of its popularity.  Instead, I am just a fan of Tom Hanks movies and when I heard that he was to star as Robert Langdon, the main character of this book, in a Ron Howard production, I figured I had better get reading!  As we all know, books are always better that the movies.<br/><br/>This was to be my first real book (with paragraphs) since entering motherhood, and to my surprise this book was an absolute delight.  The illustrations saved quite a bit of extra research time and it is essentially light reading.  Therefore, it is well worth the extra cost of purchasing the illustrated version.<br/><br/>This was my first Dan Brown book and I enjoyed it so much that I am now purchasing a couple of others.<br/><br/>Many have spoken out against this book but please don't get caught up in the controversy!  It is just a book to enjoy.
 This book is actually not too bad, anyone who really thinks it is blasphemous must really be a curtain twitcher with nothing else to do, probably the same people who picketed Mel 'Jesus Is My Homeboy' Gibson's Passion of The Christ when it was released.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code, reads like a bad episode of Knight Rider. The characters have no depth and are as stiff as an old gate, even when you solve the puzzle half way through you want to continue, as it is a real page turner, and also to prove yourself right.<br/><br/>If you have a few hours to kill at say, an airport, or a beach this is a cracking read. If you are looking for an innovative, outstanding peice of literature, then please do not read this. It is a fun, fast paced book and best not to take it too seriously.<br/><br/>It gets three stars as it has a good storyline, albeit let down by characterisation. Not great, but not particularly bad either.<br/><br/>Go on, its worth a read.
 I often avoid reading this sort of book. Nothing says blockbuster-film-waiting-to-happen like a John Grisham-like thriller. It won't surprise me if a film version of this novel is in the works. However, praises and hype surrounding Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code are well deserved. This is an excellent, compelling, intelligent thriller -- one that grabs you and doesn't let go until its final page. Robert Langdon is called in for questioning regarding a violent murder at the Lourvre one night. The clues left by the victim, the museum's curator, send Langdon and the victim's granddaughter, Sophie, on a quest to solve both the murder and the various clues the curator has left. The story is smart and well-paced and it will keep you guessing. I also love all of the historical references to art. This is a memorable, thrilling read that lives up to its hype. Highly recommended...
 &lt;i&gt;While in Paris on business, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon receives an urgent late-night phone call. The elderly curator of the Louvre has been murdered inside the museum, a baffling cipher found near the body. As Langdon and a gifted French cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, sort through the bizarre riddles, they are stunned to discover a trail of clues hidden in the works of Da Vinci...clues visible for all to see and yet ingeniously disguised by the painter.&lt;/i&gt;<br/>...And so begins the Holy Grail hunt from Paris to London and back again.<br/>My Mom often tells me to be careful what I read. She's afraid I'll be influenced by the dark side or sucked into beliefs that will send me to hell. Fortunately for me, my mind is not that weak. I have yet to read anything that has caused me to denounce God or not believe in His Son, Jesus. My faith is simple and not overcomplicated by the ravings of man.<br/>My advice to you while reading this book is to read it with entertainment in mind. THE DA VINCI CODE will probably offend some Christians because there is a mention of Jesus and Mary Magdalene being married, touching on THE LAST TEMPTATION OF CHRIST. Some Catholics will be offended because they are accused of suppressing other religions by turning their symbols into something evil, and trying to hide the truth of God, even going as far as to murder to protect the secret.<br/>Even though Leonardo Da Vinci painted such masterpieces as THE LAST SUPPER and VIRGIN ON THE ROCKS he often mocked the church and "painted Christian themes not as an expression of his own beliefs but rather as a commercial venture...a means of funding a lavish lifestyle". He also placed hidden symbols of paganism in his work. Believe it or not, I was a bit shocked by this discovery. I once thought Leonardo Da Vinci must have loved God a lot to paint such beautiful pictures! Now I'm not so sure, but only God knew Da Vinci's true heart, lest I should judge.<br/>I learned something about THE LAST SUPPER painting I didn't know and was quite fascinated by! I can't tell you what it was without giving too much of the novel away, but if you're the curious sort I am, you'll find yourself running to the dining room at two in the morning to see if your copy of the painting is the one done by Da Vinci. Mine wasn't, so I had to get Online and search for THE LAST SUPPER.<br/>Not only is THE DA VINCI CODE a darn good mystery/thriller, it's also a fascinating look at religious history. All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals in this novel are accurate. Dan Brown has done an excellent job striking the right balance between fact and fiction to make this an enthralling read. I found myself trying to break each code along with Robert and Sophia and laughing when they too came up with the same wrong answer I did.
 I enjoyed this thriller which is more of a screenplay for a Hollywood movie than a novel.  The premise is that Da Vinci and other renaissance artists hid clues to a dangerous secret in their art.  The story involves the two main characters trying to unravel that secret while being chased by the French police and by a sect of the Roman Catholic church.  It was quite interesting to view some of the art work mentioned in the book and see the hidden clues for myself.  Unfortunately, the author has a few too many plot twists at the end which stretched the imagination too far.
 With all the hype around this book, I had to find out for myself.  I didn't really have time to sit down and read it, so I got the audio cassettes.  The reader (Colin Stinton) is excellent at reading the story.  He has many different voices that he changes to for different charachters.  I find this quite astonishing acutally, because sometimes, I can't tell that it is the same person speaking all these voices.<br/>The story line is magnificent.  It is a fast paced novel from start to finish.  The only disappoinment I have is when it ended...now I have to find another book as entertaining as this one!<br/>You will not be disappointed with the audio version of this book.  The reader keeps you going and connected to the charachters and Dan Brown's story is compelling!
 The Da Vinci Code is a great thriller that is fast paced throughout never letting the reader relax for a second.  Dan Brown's writing style is perfect for this kind of book.  It is obvious that he has done a lot of research to complete this book, but at the same time he is able to tell a story so well put together with too many twists and turns to even mention.  Though it may sound like a simple thing, Brown knows how to use cliffhangers.  Almost every chapter ends with some vital information missing, so you must keep going to find out what happens.  This is a book that should not be missed.<br/>  This thriller begins in Paris at the famous Louvre museum where a mysterious murder takes place.  Two people, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon and Police Cryptographer Sophie Neveu, are brought into the investigation.  Soon, they are in way too deep with nowhere to go.  They discover information about the Priory of Sion, a secret group who guards one of the Church's oldest secrets.  I won't give anything away, but this book will make you think about the Holy Grail like you've never thought about it before.  This book has it all; great story, well developed characters, plenty of twists and turns, and so much more.  Do not miss the Da Vinci Code!
 Normally I don't like mystery novels but this one was really good. I couldn't put it down. Just when you think it couldn't get any better, it does!<br/>It's about Robert Langdon. He's a Harvard professor of symbology. When in Paris on business he gets an urgent late-night phone call. A curator has been murdered inside the Louvre and by the body, a code he wrote before he died which includes the words "Find Robert Langdon". The police assume that this means that Robert killed him. With the help of the curator's cryptologist granddaughter he deciphers the code (slowly but surely). One code leads them to another, so on and so forth. Soon, they discover the curator was a member of the Priory of Sion - a real secret society whose members included Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo and Da Vinci. This society was rumored to know where the Holy Grail is.<br/>I'd tell you more but I might ruin it.<br/>It's a very exciting book.<br/>Even if you, like me, aren't a fan of mystery novels, you should read this. It's very good.<br/>I suggest you read it's prequel, Angels &amp; Demons, first.
 All the falsehoods that Brown puts into his "Da Vinci Code" are enormously annoying. It is one thing to have a fictional story play in a historic background that is basically described correctly, but quite another to add statement upon statement about history and historical figures that are outrightly wrong. Years from now, I will meet people who will tell me that Emperor Constantine made Christianity the official religion of the Roman Empire, that the Bible is distorted by layers of translations, or that Da Vinci's "Last Supper" is a fresco, falsehoods that they took from Brown's book, although that may have forgotten their source by then. This book should only be read accompanied by a source that corrects Brown's continuous historical distortions, such as &lt; ...]&gt;, which I found quite helpful.<br/><br/>The story itself is a wonderful adventure, with lots of unexpected twists and turns, and quite a lot of suspense. Although the heroine is a "cryptographer", the problems that our protagonists have to solve are actually classical riddles, playful, often in wonderful verse, with lots of surprising allusions and unexpected solutions. Without Brown's historical lies, this would be quite a nice book.
 This book is the definition of literary mediocrity.  It's probably not the worse book I've read, but it's certainly not good.<br/><br/>But the publishers used some smart marketing to dress the book up in some more intellectual themes of art, religion, conspiracy and enigma.  I think that's why many readers are so disappointed.<br/><br/>If this book hadn't sold so well, there would not be nearly as many controversial opinions floating around.<br/><br/>I think most people -- myself included -- are really more angry at themselves for reading this really worthless book and at other readers for buying so many damned copies.  I honestly expected something quite more literary than the action-movie script that it actually was.  To me, this felt like a bait-and-switch.
 I enjoyed reading this book BUT if your main interest in this book is learning things about early Christianity that the average Christian doesn't want you to know, you are better off reading something else because Brown gets too many facts wrong to be trusted.  It is simply wrong, for example, to say that no one thought of Jesus as divine until the Council of Nicea.  (What about the docetists?)  There were in fact a variety of early views that clashed.  Try reading instead The Secret Gospel by Morton Smith.  There are no car chases in Smith's book, but it is an interesting account of finding what seems to be a passage from a secret gospel of Mark.  Moreover, it shows how a real scholar thinks, which includes considering alternative explanations.  And Smith's conclusions are quite unorthodox, if that's what you're looking for.
 This is really a great book. The plot explores some controversial but intriguing theories (originally published in "Holy Blood, Holy Grail") about Jesus and various secret societies. It's a fun thriller made compulsively readable by Dan Brown's particular style. I'm not surprised that it is such a huge bestseller because there's so much that will appeal to such a wide variety of people (mystery lovers, people who like to read about alternative religious theories, conspiracy theorists). My advice is to read this book - I've recommended it to several people and every one of them has loved it.<br/>You might also be interested to know that there is another book with the same protagonist (Robert Langdon) that Brown wrote prior to this one called "Angels and Demons". It too is a great read - just as good as this one.
 ...But you can believe the research.  There are many publications out on the market explaining the true roll of Mary Magdalene, the WIFE of Christ, and each one is countered by a book that goes against it.  So it is all up to the reader to believe or not believe.  I mean, we can't ask Jesus or Mary, can we?  But just because you may not believe in what Dan Brown suggests in this book, doesn't make it automatically false, AND VICE-VERSA.  It's all up to the individual reader to decide, but all I ask is that once you make up your mind, keep your opinion to yourself.  Let others form their own opinion, and challenge their faith at will.  Their faith is not for you to control.  Live your life how you want to, but don't tell me what I can believe and what I can't.<br/>Now, Dan Brown decided to use the artwork of DaVinci in his novel.  The same principles apply here as up above.  There is no way for us to go and ask DaVinci himself, so even the ART HISTORIANS will NEVER KNOW 100% what was meant to be in his artwork and what wasn't.  And the same goes for any other artist now deceased.  Because of this, WE DON'T KNOW ANYTHING EXCEPT WHAT WE BELIEVE.  And what you believe may not be what I believe.  So leave me alone.<br/>As far as the story goes, It's a page turner.  Whether you acknowledge the research, or are tooooo close minded to even consider it a possibility, you have to agree.  It may not be accurate, but the story keeps moving at a fast pace that keeps any reader interested if they are reading for the story and not for the facts.  The one thing I didn't appreciate is that the begining of the story is almost a clone of "Angels &amp; Demons."  Anyone who read that book and this should know what I mean.
 J<br/>Five stars to the author who develops such a magnificent imagination. He says that all references to the past are true. But, as they say in Italy: If it's not true, it surely is well invented.<br/>Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu try to do what countless savants over the centuries tried in vain: Find the Holy Grail. The Vatican gets involved and, of course, Opus Dei. Jacques Sauniere, curator of the Louvre, is murdered early on. Apparently he was the grand marshal of the Priory of Sion, and they know where the Grail is. Robert and Sophie progress from anagram to double entendre riddles, on and on for over 400 pages.<br/>The red herring going through it all is Mary Magdalene and the cult of the Sacred Feminine. But, after a while, you do get tired of fabulous and saintly Mary M. and all the feminism. And the ending of this very large book is rather silly.
 I have been a devout Catholic my entire life.  I was raised Catholic and have been involved in the Church.  When I purchased The Da Vinci Code, I really did not understand what the entire premise was.  I am a avid reader and the book looked very interesting.<br/>After I read the book, it made total sense to me about the way the Catholic Church has viewed women.  I still believe that Christ is the Son of God, but I also believe that he was a man.  I am totally energized by this book to find out more about what has been left out in the last 2000 years.  Pick up this book and read it with an open mind. Women especially should pick this up and again feel empowered by there special ability to bear children.  The Church has done many great things, but it has supressed women and we have been made to feel dirty when it came to anything sexual.<br/>This is a fantastic book.  I could not put it down and have given this book to other Catholics for Christmas.  I know there are people who will say this is hypocritical, but I know there is something missing from the Church.  It is evident in attendance and the number of priests we do not have.<br/>READ READ this book, it may change your life and the way you feel about being a woman!!!<br/>Dan Brown has picked a great time to come out with this novel.  I researched the Opus Dei, and became a believer in what he has written.
 Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" is a gripping page-turner.  It has the same pace as TV's "24" - a sleuth needs to solve an impossible puzzle in 24 hours.<br/>A museum curator is murdered, but in death leaves clues to a century-old secret.  A Harvard expert on religious symbolism and a French detective chase the clues through murder and mayhem.  Around each bend we meet multi-dimensional characters - a few on the border of genius and madness.<br/>The plot is creative, yet unpredictable.  In addition to enjoyment, the reader gets and education in religious history and symbolism - although quite a bit comes from the author's rich imagination. The language is realistic.  The speed is spell-binding.  It is a great read and I am exploring Brown's last novel.  Enjoy!
 I have recently developed a habit of reading in front of my computer.  I use an online dictionary, I google things I want to learn more about, and I bring up pictures of places, people, or things I am reading about.  Reading Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code in front of the computer was a great thrill.  I found the book to be just so-so, but the things I learned online were incredible.<br/>For example, I took an online tour of Westminster Abbey and was able to view the sepulcher of Sir Isaac Newton.  I pulled up images of the Da Vinci works that were used in the novel.  I took a tour of the Louvre and saw the pyramids that play such a central role in the book.  Unfortunately, I did not learn any new words.<br/>It would be mostly unfair to criticize Brown's book for its superficiality.  It is a mystery, a thriller; and as an instance of this genre, I found it to be a compelling read.  It also led me to other places to read more on the Grail, on Da Vinci, and on the early Church.  That's not such a bad thing.  But as others have pointed out, the characters in Brown's book are cardboard cutouts and the plot becomes incredulous at times.  This plot, in other hands, may have produced a fleshy substantive work that kept me in the book and off the web.  Pick up the book, go to the beach, and enjoy.
 The Da Vinci Code is full of symbolism, allegory, suspense, and a myriad of mysteries that will have readers twisting and turning every chapter. This book kept me on the edge and wanting to know more and more. The many riddles in this book are intricately woven and geniously put in to keep the reader guessing. This book doesn't just jump around like others, but gives you, in full detail, the situation of the current events and any background information needed to understand (and there's a bunch). I thought that the symbolism and allegories were very intriguing, and they made me want to try and figure out what they could be before I actually knew the answer. And maybe the best part is that there seems to be no resolution, only climax right until the end! All-and-all, this is one of the best books that I have read.<br/> This book is for anyone who loves to be toyed with and kept guessing before the revealing of the twisted truth. For those who like to find hidden meanings in allegories, this is a great book. The plot is consistent throughout, but it is how the story plays out that makes it most interesting. If you like tons of mystery and suspense that will make you want to stay up late at night just to figure out the next mystery, this book is for you. And let's not forget those who are interested in a novel that deals with religious artifacts, great action, and a good thriller.<br/>Chris Protos
 To enjoy this book you must accept the threads of the plotline as it unfolds, and a dilly of a one it is! Jesus Christ was but a human being, and he and Mary Magdalene were married and had a child, a female. The Jesus line, with supporting documents, were kept by a secret organization called the Priory of Sion, to be protected from a predatory Church, the Truth to be revealed at the proper time. That, in a nutshell, is the basis around which this exciting thriller is framed, and the story moves along at a breathless pace. The reader never gets to stop and catch his breath before another twist or turn happens. As long as you can accept the story line, you will enjoy this book. If you can't do that, there's no sense in reading it. I always accept the world which the author paints for me, so I did really enjoy reading this book, and I highly recommend it.
 This book was pure entertainment: a fun page-turner.  If there were separate 5-star scales for "entertainment" versus "literature," I would give The Da Vinci Code 5 entertainment stars.  It isn't a 5-star work of literature- but after a long day of work, or while stuck in an airport during a 4-hour layover, this is definitely an easier story for the reader to escape into than something by George Eliot or Herman Melville.<br/><br/>It's surprising that some of the other reviews of this book have been so negative.  It isn't fine literature, or even posing as such.  It isn't a work of religious scholarship or history, nor does it pretend to be.  It's just pure entertainment with some fun brain teasers and a much more creative plot than most other action/thriller novels.
 Be taken into a world that has always been right in front of you. You have seen the things you are about to experience, but were never really explained to you. The world you have always known has now become the world of revelation. What if many things you considered in life to be true, were constructed to control half the world's population. How would you see things in life once you knew the truth?<br/>This fast paced fictional adventure will run you through a list of "factual information" (bibliographies included in book) about Secret Societies, Religious Sects, and the mysteries behind the most sought after quest of all time. The adventure will run you through Highly Intellectual Code Breaking, Murder, Deceit, and exciting revelations.<br/>This is where "Fact" meets Fiction and gives you the reader the opportunity to enjoy learning and revealing at an exponential rate.
 I don't know that I would go so far as to consider this book "Unrelenting Suspense" - it was far from a cliffhanger at any moment... but -<br/>Not typically my line of reading - a friend had just read it and so I read it and we had gobs to talk about.<br/>He being raised (and now lapsing) Catholic - me being completely without any religious upbringing. I didn't think the story itself was so well-written and actually it just went to mush near the end, but we came up with gobs of notes that we'd like to follow up on.<br/>The author however really didn't cite his references - and I guess he's not required to in a work of fiction - but I am curious about the Templars and Da Vinci and the loss of the female aspect of religion through the apparent efforts of the Catholic church.<br/>Acting as a gateway to other ideas or ways of thinking - the book is successful.
 Most of the 60,000,000 readers of this book may not reaize that Dan Brown was one of the first Spammers - with a capitol S. I kid you not. Back in the day, when I first reviewed books here at Amazon, I received an email signed by the man himself - DB. Something to the effect that he had seen my review of a particular book and "knew" that I would just "love" his first time effort - "Digital Fortress". Ever eager to try something new, I did - and panned it! Much like The Da Vinci Code, it was formulaic, predictable and altogether lacking in the prerequisites of the genre - well developed characters that elicit some emotion on the part of the reader. Not to talk about the inane dialogue that is so much a part his books. Pretty much all of it actually as he tends to substitute such dialogue for what other authors deem to be necessary descriptive prose.<br/><br/>To the book. Several years ago I read a wonderfully intriguing book - "Holy Blood, Holy Grail". Now well known, it was not so in the US at the time. Irreverent and bold, it posited theories that tickled the mind. One time, I had occasion to ask Umberto Eco his thoughts on the subject matter. His response - "Bullsh$t!". Of course, but fun nonetheless. And fun is what so lacking in the books of DB. The man just doesn't get it! Then again, he's the "bestseller", non Sophie?<br/><br/>I have read that this book is required reading in some US colleges. What is going on here people? Does the success of this book personify our aspirations in terms of "a good read"? Or is it just part of a great conspiracy.<br/><br/>Lastly - who ever heard of a screen door in Scotland?
 This book had such possibilities, but fell terribly short of achieving them! I'm running somewhere inbetween the person who gave it rave reviews and the gosh-awful trash-reviews. It's true, the very clever people in this book couldn't solve most of the clues fast enough for me (who in the world couldn't tell the one clue was written backwards -- come on!!!) This book was so interesting at times, I actually took notes - and so painfully boring at others, I had to force myself time after time to pick it up again just to finish it. Wish I'd stopped about 2/3 of the way through - my opinion and enjoyment factor would've been a lot higher! What a bunch of bunk at the end!!! For those who swallowed the bait Brown was dishing out - -here's some interesting info: Rearrange the letters in ELVIS and you will see LIVES - - therefore ELVIS LIVES!! It's a miracle!!!
 Although it may not have been the author's intention, this book will probably make you question everything you think you know about the Bible and Christianity.<br/>Factually accurate or not, Brown raises issues about the Catholic Church, Holy Grail, and Jesus Christ. Are the things we learned from the Bible fact or just interpretations from a select few? What was Jesus' real relationship with Mary Magdalene? I'm not particularly interested in theology but I have considered these questions since reading this work. Any book that makes me continue to think even after I've finished it is worth recommending.<br/>Although the characters are not fully fleshed out, I can overlook this since the story only seems to span two days. The book sometimes becomes bogged down in too many details but the reader's patience will be rewarded. Brown cleverly lets his audience think they have figured out a key element of the plot only to veer in an unexpected direction.<br/>If you want an intelligent read, I recommend The Davinci Code.
 When I first started to read "The Da Vinci Code", in my mind I had a feeling that I would read a cheesy crime and detection type of story. After 15 minutes of reading, I found out that I was so wrong. The story is anything but cheesy.<br/>The story took place in France when a Harvard professor and internationally known symbologist was waken up by a phone call the French intelligence department. Later on he found out that he was the only suspect of the murder of the curator of the Louvre museum. The reason why he was the suspect was they were supposed to meet by the time the curator was murdered and before he died, the curator left clues on the wall that had professor Langdon's name.<br/>The cryptologist, agent Neveu, who involved in the crime was the curator's granddaughter and she believed that professor Langdon was innoccent. She planned to help him escape and during the run-away, she found out that her grandfather was the Grand Master of a secret society whose previous Grand Masters were Boticelli, Da Vinci, Newton, Victor Hugo, and other famous scientis and artis Unlike other crime and suspect novels, this novel is based on facts and that secret society is one of them.<br/>The secret society had a mission to keep the secret of the Holy Grail alive. However, as the Grand Master and three other members died, the secret was about to be lost forever. Professor Langdon and agent Neveu found out that before the curator died, he left clues on the famous painting of Da Vinci "Mona Lisa" as well as in other places. During the runaway, the unclued the secrets with the help of a friend, who by the end turned out to be the person behind the dead of the curator.<br/>The story is intriguing and unbelievable. It fuses facts with fictions and after reading the book for the first time, I found myself doing research for the information that described in the book. To my astonishment, all of them were very true, including the description of "The Last Supper".<br/>"The Da Vinci Code" leads to one possibility of the life of Christ and the Holy Grail. As history are stories from the past, the ultimate truth may be covered by many layers. The quest to find the truth is risky and painful and sometimes the truth is unbelievable. My advice to those who are Catholic is please keep your mind open while reading this book and it will be very hard to read the story for the first time.<br/>"The Da Vinci Code" is such an incredible book that it can cause controversies among the readers. I praise Dan Brown for his skills of observations and descriptions. The story really opens my eyes to new possibilities of history and reminds me to be open-minded.
 This book was hyped as some sort of innovation when it came out. It was acclaimed by many, but after reading it I thought all these people must have drunk the cool-aid. This was too dense to be enjoyable. I mean the first 15 pages were good, but then it just got plain tedious. And this is coming from someone who thinks textbooks are enjoyable to read. Then it just gets bogged down in Brown's mental paradise which is filled with some very odd images. I mean, really, a great conspiracy to keep all this covered up? Not likely. Anyway, I just thought this was boring and too long. I would have read Differential Equations or something else more accessible than this. Avoid this book!!!!
 A fast moving book and perhaps the most amazing thing is that the main characters stay wide awake for nearly 48 hours after being woken up in the middle of the night and zipping all over Paris and London. If you are not familiar with the history of the Grail Legend, (which I wasn't) I think you will find this one of the most fascinating parts of the story. The amount of research required to write this must have been considerable.<br/>A previous and certainly perceptive reviewer could see the plot twists a few pages in advance, and I too sensed something was coming in a couple places, but most twists and turns were genuine surprises. Fans of this prose who like more human insight will feel a little let down, as the characters have some depth, but are more there to advance the plot than anything else.<br/>I've read better popular non-fiction, but only rarely.
 I am an avid reader, going through a minimum of 5 books a week, and I would rate this as the top pick of my year so far.  The book was well researched, and managed to be enlightening and entertaining at the same time, a difficult task for even the most seasoned writers.<br/>Brown tells the simple story of a man framed for murder, and his escape from the French police with the help of the granddaughter of the man he supposedly murdered and assorted friends.  What makes this interesting and different from all the other basic frame-up thrillers?<br/>The interplay of an ancient legend, the Priory of Sion, and the Holy Grail into the story.  Yes, this has been written before, but never in such an intricate display of detail with attention to entertainment value as well.  Don't take this with a grain of salt, and don't pass up the book for something you might think is lighter.  For those who enjoy thrillers, self-acclaimed history buffs, and the general public, this is an excellent pick, worthy of the time it will take to read.
 This has to be one of the most unusual and fascinating mystery novels!  At times it is thought provoking; at other times, it is reads like a junior high adventure story, but it always makes the reader go on to just one more chapter.  The mixture of art, religious symbolism, paganism, and secret societies is fascinating.  Although to some, this may appear as anti-Catholic, I didn't find it so, but felt that a respect for real faith in a loving God came through.  The situations are bizarre and contrived, but this truly fictional book caused me to think about how much we don't understand, and that the road to how we got to where we are as modern day "religious" people has never been straight.  This book made me shake my head and smile and think of Shakespeare's line:  "Lord, what fools these mortals be  and have been]"  Read it for what it's worth, nothing more, but if you want a real page-turner with some interesting historical minutiae, do read it.
 Besides going deep into the history of Mary Magdalene and her relationship with Jesus Christ, Dan Brown uncovers the mysterious and secret, religious Catholic sect: Opus Dei. I had often heard similar rumors about their bizarre religous beliefs and this book confirms many of them.  The DaVinci Code is carefully researched and the author has taken the time to include specific facts and details, which makes it all the more fascinating, e.g. the history of the tarot cards and astrology. I learned so much while being fully entertained. This was my first book that I've read by this author and I plan to read his other books as soon as possible. The mathematical &amp; word puzzles are a delight. Women of all ages will adore this book because the author confirms what we have known all along:  women are sacred. Bravo!
 This has got to be one of the most amazing mysteries I have EVER read.  I initially resisted this book becuase of all the initial hype (don't ask!) but finally decided to give it a shot- I'm so glad I did.  This book grabbed me from the first few pages and I stayed up all night to read it.  As a first time mom of a 3 month old, willing to give up precious hours of sleep is a BIG deal!  I wish this book had been another 300 pages long, I did not want it to end.  My only complaint is that I wish the publishers had included illustrations of the three paintings discussed in the novel, instead, I just hopped online to see if I could catch some of the things Dan Brown talked about.<br/>Loved the book and also "Angels and Demons" is very good too!
 I am probably the last person in the US to have read the immensly popular The DaVinci Code. This tripe is written at a 7th grade level. It is filled with every literary cliche' known to man, vis-a-vis his "jaw dropped." Despite the author's contention the book is based on fact and his research, both seem to be lacking. This story has no basis in History, Art history, or Church history. The Templars being secret goddess, read pagan, worshipers. Leonardo being referred to as DaVinci. Author Brown had no idea that last names were not a factor until the late Renaissance. Finally, the thing about the Emperor Constantine leaving his heavy hand all over the Bible is just dribble. It is devoid of fact, ignores the physical limitations of the human body, and the laws of physics. I am sure I am not pointing out anything new here, but the heroine in the story lifts a gigantic picture all by her lonesome. The characters are paper thin. Fache the Parisian detective, I imagine, based on Brown's writing would sound like Peter Sellers Inspector Cluesau. Author Brown has the murder victim, in the past, having sex in a circle and he calls it, sounds like Greek, Hookey Magookey or some such nonsense. The Author uses every mystery cliche' known to first year Creative Writing students. Yes, the butler does do it, and the disabled person is a bad guy. The only thing missing was the book opening with "it was a dark and stormy night" though, if I remember when Langdon is in his hotel room, it was a dark and stormy night. Finally, even Dan Brown did not use the words "Sacred Feminine" this book would be about 20 pages long. But, hey in the end the character Langdon lays a lip lock on Jesus' great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, grand-daughter.<br/><br/>And, to think some folks believe what is written in this book. Hey, DaVinci Codites, ever hear of a library or the internet?  Yes, "codites" is a made up word, but then again I am no Harvard trained Symbologist.  This book is just plain awful, ZERO stars.<br/><br/>As a closing note, unlike many who have attacked this book on theological grounds and called it anti-Christian, I have done no such thing. But, I do find it interesting, while perusing the internet, that even atheists think this book stinks.
 Dan Brown's breakthrough novel, The DaVinci Code, exploded into the literary world with a combination of scandal and eye-opener. This novel, which contains in it a staggering amount of research done by Brown, shines a new light on the world of the Vatican. Brown gifts us Robert Langdon, a Harvard University professor of religious iconology and symbology, who is sent on a fast-paced mission to discover a mystery of a prominent French symbolist who was murdered and left behind a string of clues relating to the famous Holy Grail. While it stirred up negative emotions in the Vatican, the DaVinci Code gives birth to a complete 180 view of Christianity and the history of Christ's lineage.
 I know, I know, this book came out over a year ago and I'm only now getting to reading it.  Let me just say, this is one of the most engrossing, exciting novels I've read in a long, long, long time!  It's not just the fact that it's a thriller -- some of the thriller aspects are little hard to believe -- it's all the history and speculation we get to be a part of.  From the very first page, the author draws you into secret sects, religous history, and ancient secrets involving Leonardo Da Vinci.  Everything from speculation about Mary Magdalene to the Divine Proportion, this book has something for everyone.  Christians, in particular Catholics, may find some of the speculation difficult to take, but as a practising Christian I was intrigued by everything.  I may not buy all of it, but it sure makes for great reading.  Don't be stupid like me -- get this book now!
 Read this book several years ago, and it's still one of my favorites.<br/><br/>I loved the characters, the storyline, the search for the missing chalice... and the ending. It's exciting, fast-paced, one you truly don't want to put down. The details brought the story to life and made me feel like I was running alongside Robert and Sophie.<br/><br/>I understand why Christians have an issue with the story, but really... it's just a book of fiction. It didn't shake my faith, not in the least.
 As a Holy Grail adventure, this book is every bit as entertaining as "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade," though maybe not quite as good as "Monty Python and the Holy Grail."  As scholarship, though --- weeeeeell, put it this way: Da Vinci is not Leonardo's name.  It's the description of where he came from.  Calling him "Da Vinci" is rather like those scenes in "Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure" in which the time-traveling heroes address Billy the Kid as "Mr. The Kid."<br/>Still, if you can accept the existence of an alternative universe in which serious art historians refer to "Da Vinci" and Harvard pays people good money to teach new-age "Symbology" and French scholars leave elaborate paper-chase clues in doggerell English verse, then this is an enjoyable if totally improbable thriller.  (A sedentary, bookish man can go without sleep for 48 hours and still outwit the most sophisticated law-enforcement agencies in Europe?????)  But I do hope that people who read this book won't believe that Mary Magdalene was "the Holy Grail," generally regarded as a crackpot theory, or that the tomb of Mary Magdalene can be found where the book claims it can, which will be a major headache for the poor custodians who supervise that actual location. I won't give away any more of the plot, except to say that if you know Roger Ebert's "law of character economy" you will be able to figure out who the mysterious master-mind is well before the end.<br/>But if you want to read a REALLY scholarly (albeit deadly dull) novel on themes like the Holy Grail, the Goddess, and the Knights Templar, read "Foucault's Pendulum" by Umberto Eco.
 I was given an advanced readers copy of this book by my boss.I will forever be in her debt!!<br/>While I read this book I became very anti social, refusing to talk to anyone or even acknowledge their presence when I had this book in my hand, all I wanted to do &amp; did with any free time I had was read this book.<br/>It is glaringly obvious that Dan Brown did alot of research on this book and was extremely thorough. It's not often that I come away from a book and want to learn more about the subject matter.<br/>When I realized how much I was enjoying the book (after chapter 2, I think) I went and bought all his other books, I'm now reading angels &amp; demons and I'm loving it!!<br/>I have found a new author whose books I will buy blindly from now on!!The only draw back is that judging from the amount of research that went into his books it might be a while before we hear from Prof. Langdon again!!<br/>If you like your books filled with facts, intelligence, suspense and an oppurtunity to learn about new subjects too  DaVinci Code is the way to go.<br/>Dan Brown you have a new fan !!!!
 THE DA VINCI CODE BY DAN BROWN is a re read for me. Actually its a re re re re read(you get the point!)  I love the way Mr.Brown takes history and puts it into a suspense novel. If you like your historical fiction with a dash of intrigue/mystery &amp; suspense the the DA VINCI CODE BY DAN BROWN is the book for you.
 Dan Brown has the keen ability to mix facts along side fiction blurring "reality". His story is so convincing that one wonders if this all really did happen?? Although, one's suspicion is quickly dismissed by a quick re-reading of the preface where he makes the disclosure that the facts are all true however the tale is fiction.  Theologically his "fictious" story makes sense... he builds his story within the framework of often dismissed theories regarding the "Holy Grail" and the "feminine" aspect of God. His facts are all well-researched and documented. I was fascinated by the story and look forward to reading his other novels as well as taking a second look at DaVinci's works.  This book is definitely a keeper!
 I loved the first third of this book, with its intricate twists and fascinating look at art and the Louvre and Paris and the depth of research into the history of the Catholic Church.  But then it just started getting to be too much; too many details, too many symbols, too many cliffhangers until I found myself exhausted by it all, yet still racing through it just to see how it would be resolved - but it really wasn't worth the race.<br/>The curator of the Louvre is found murdered in a locked room, so to speak - and in a macabre start, leaves clues drawn in his own blood, including the name Robert Langdon.  Langdon is a professor from Harvard visiting Paris to give a lecture on religious symbolism, and coincidentally had an appointment with the murder victim, who of course failed to show.  The victim's granddaughter, Sophie Neveu, is a cryptographer with the Paris equivalent of the F.B.I. but the two of them become the chief suspects in the murder.  Their only hope is to solve it themselves, but with the cops hot on their tail they have to stay one step ahead as they race their way through France, then England, in this complex yet ultimately disappointing thriller.
 Outside of a night's sleep, some digressions to check Brown's facts against my copy of Chadwick's "Early Church" and some Google searches, I completed "The Davinci Code" straight through. The author took a fringe conjecture on the life of Christ and spun off a wonderful tale of suspense and international intrigue.<br/>While I was completely absorbed by the backdrop of this story - theology, history, cryptology, Da Vinci's eccentricity, scheming Vatican, and secret societies - the foreground of this story was Good, but, in the end, wound up too neatly to be Great. It was as self-contained as a weekly TV drama series.<br/>Regardless, I highly recommend for anyone enjoying history of modern religions, conspiracy theory, and in need of escape.
 Older novels seek to develop depth and substance in the characters in the books.  Consider the works of Charles Dickens. His characters are full of life and substance.  As you read, you are drawn into the issues of the novel and experience them for yourself.  You have to think and contemplate. Reading an older novel is an educational experience.<br/><br/>Not so with Brown's "The Da Vinci Code."  Like much of the newer genre of novel writing, Brown builds interest in his work through mystery and action.  That can be entertaining and fun, but the educational value is limited.  You may "experience" the drama with the characters in a newer novel, the action, excitement and violence, but you aren't stirred deeply inside beyond the thrill of the moment.<br/><br/>I enjoyed reading The Da Vinci Code, but was disappointed with historical inaccuracies, theological inaccuracies, and the constant barrage against the Catholic Church (and I'm not Catholic).  A great irony concerning the secret societies in the church is that in "real life," most of the secret societies that work ill will against church and society work outside of any church.<br/><br/>Another great irony is the concern for the "bloodline" of Jesus.  The Pharisees in Jesus day laid great stress upon bloodlines.  "We know who we are descended from - Abraham."  Jesus changed the stress from bloodline to that of the Spirit.  Could we search as diligently for the "Spirit" of Christ, that Spirit which led him to give his life as a ransom for many?<br/><br/>One character, Teabing, sees our current cultural shift as being away from the thought control and dominance of religions telling us how to live.  Now, we are moving into a new age, "the Age of Aquarius - the water bearer - whose ideals claim that man will learn the truth and be able to think for himself." (P.289-90).  Many today are abandoning our 2,000 year religious heritage rooted in Christ, including his ethic of personal integrity and service.  Is society any better for that abandonment?  We'll see!
 I rarely read novels, and this is the first novel I've ever reviewed. Since it is a novel, and a rather popular one, I don't think a summary of the book is appropriate or necessary...<br/><br/>My favorite thing about The Da Vinci Code is the suspenseful plot. Brown did an excellent job of creating a mystery that kept me guessing throughout much of the book. Though many of the "facts" he drew from are debatable, I mostly enjoyed his creative use of religious history and theology.<br/><br/>At a few points in the book I felt like I missed something and had to reread a page or two, only to find out that whatever I felt like I missed wasn't there. I think these were attempts to create suspense about plot points that just didn't come across smoothly. While we learn quite a bit about the secondary hero, Sophie Neveu, we learn very little about the main character, Robert Langdon, outside of his professional career. The result is that I didn't feel very committed to Robert- I didn't care much whether he failed or succeeded.<br/><br/>There are, of course, a number of historical problems with the book. For example, the book claims that the Dead Sea Scrolls contain gospels that were not included in the New Testament canon (p254*). However, very few scholars (secular or religious) believe any of the Dead Sea Scrolls have anything to do with Jesus or Christianity. Even the secular scholar I studied them under (Robert Eisenman) believes some of them describe James, but not Jesus. There are countless books that document other historical errors, so I'll stop there. The problem with this is that at the beginning of the book Brown has a list of three "Facts," including: "All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals in this novel are accurate." Due to the fact that many of the descriptions are not accurate, Brown betrays the trust of his reader.<br/><br/>A significant element of the book is its promotion of the "sacred feminine." After reading all 489 pages*, I don't think Brown made it clear what he specifically meant by "sacred feminine," except that it has something to do with sex. In fact, the book ends up talking about sex at various points in some explicit ways.<br/><br/>Overall, the religious conspiracy and mystery of The Da Vinci Code made for an interesting read. It was mostly enjoyable, though I naturally cringed at some of the historical inaccuracies. If you're looking for a light religious mystery, this may be a good book for you. However, I would not let someone read it under 16 (due to the sexual content), and I would recommend reading one of the response books afterward so you're not left wondering what was fact and what was fiction.
 This very popular book uses alternative ideas of the history of Christianity as the basis for the plot.  The author has taken a large number of crackpot ideas about the history of Christianity and European history in general and stitched them together to produce a conventional thriller.  In general, all these ideas center around the common theme of a hidden or secret history of Christianity suppressed by the Church.  The plot elements are cleverly integrated using a series of puzzles.  The overall story is cast as a kind of Grail legend with virtuous knight (a la Parsifal) and an evil sorcerer type (a la Klingsor).  The quality of writing, however, is poor.  The characters are schematic and exist only as devices to move from one gimmick to another.  The action of the plot per se is rather silly.  Not recommended, even for light reading.
 I've just finished The Da Vinci Code and I must say that it was one of the most amazing books I've read in a long time.  It is an intelligent thriller that I just could not put down.  It opened my eyes up to a great deal of history of which I had not been aware AND kept me gripped by the plot as well.  I am not in the States so I dont know all the hype that had surrounded this book (which I've only learned about from reading other reviews on here).  I find it interesting that the reviewers on here appear to either love this book or not think it was worth their time. I wonder how much of that has to do with one's already existing beliefs?  I am not here to say whether anyone is right or wrong. I just hope that this book is read as I think it has a lot to say.  It is a work of FICTION based on historical facts and theories yet some appear to take issue with the fact that everything that can be is not absolutely historically accurate.  Many movies are based on a single fact with 1 1/2 hours of events and dialogue created and there seems to be fewer problems with those that with this book.  This book was recommended to me by a dear friend who was excited about it and expressed that excitement to me and I am very glad that she did. The plot was unique and did move quickly, totally capitivating me.  The use of 1-4 page chapters did not distract and it isn't the only book to ever use this technique so I dont know why people had a problem with it. It was just a different way of doing things.  I dont dispute the fact that there were flaws, but I've read very few books that havent had flaws.  I just wonder what was expected from this book and whether anyone could have fulfiled the expectations.  For me, it was an eyeopener, one that has answered some questions for me and has lead to others that I will now pursue in answering for myself.  I think that the beauty of this book is that it is a fascinating read, a really good thriller that takes you away and immerses you in other lands successfully and makes you turn your brain on and leaves it on even when the last page is turned.  Ultimately it is Dan Brown's theory so I think it best to remember that. You dont have to agree and many don't. But for me, it all makes a lot of sense.  Another issue that people had problems with were the codes. Some say that they were childllike riddles, some say they couldn't believe that they could be solved "on the run". Well taking the second issue first, I would just say that these were scholars who had spent years dealing with these issues, accompanied by a woman who had been schooled in code breaker practically here whole life. There was also a lot to gain and lose by breaking the codes so I'm not surprised that they were able to do it.  I also couldn't say that the riddles were childlike - only that it kept me captivated.
 To start this off, I loved this book when it came out. I had a job that wasn't highly supervised and almost got fired from it because I spent almost a full day (after rushing through what needed to get done) in my car, reading it to finish it.  Luckily my boss believed I had just taken a long lunch!<br/>Now that there are pictures to go along with the places and items mentioned, I'm double excited to read it all over again! I even found the copy I have at my local thrift shop!
 I understand the temptation to spout off "It's just fiction", but there are reasons for disputing the historical context of the book. Foremost is that he claims it's true (the context is true). He doesn't have to do this. He could have said "this is a work of fiction, so get over it." He didn't. And not just in the book. Over an over again in his interviews, his website, in articles, etc. he touts its accuracy. Another reason is that in this context, the book is a sort of historical fiction - with the claims of historical accuracy of the events the author is putting the book in a (allegedly) truthful historical context. A well written book of this type weaves itself into the historical context and cleverly inserts a fictional story into the interweaving of factual historical events. In Sharpe's Waterloo, for example, the French lose the battle and the Prussians arrive at the battle late. In this placing of a fictional story within a factual context, the reader gets a history lesson for free. Not so with TDC, the research is sloppy at best. He either does believe his claims of "factualness", in which case he is a really sloppy and inadequate historian, or he doesn't believe his claims, in which case he is trying to boost book sales (by misrepresenting). In short, he is sloppy or is a deceptive promoter.<br/><br/>Much has been said about these inaccuracies and I will leave it at that. The real task would be to find a historical fact amongst the unsupported historical claims. You end up with some bland facts like "Isaac Newton existed", and "there was a Merovingian Dynasty". I think that the Author never read a website he didn't believe.<br/><br/>I decided to read this book, thinking that the history be darned, that with all this hype, what I can expect is at least a good work of fiction. But it was not cleverly researched and there were some real problems with the characters. They seemed to be quite cliche and thin, all of them seemed to be "the best" and zealots in one fashion or another. They also are not that bright, as one might expect from a Harvard professor, a cryptologist, and a dedicated historian. **Mild Spoilers** The french policewoman, who earlier in a main element of the plot went through a lot of effort and endangered her career and personal freedom by pointing out that the main character was wearing a tracking device, doesn't think to consider that the armored car they stole from the most secure bank on the planet might also have some radio tracking device. And the same character, sitting in said banks vault, with a Symbologist (from the Symbology dept. of Harvard? Whaaa?) sit around going, "we need a string of numbers to get access to my grandpas account so that we can vindicate his death, I wish he had left us those numbers." You mean the numbers he scrawled by his oddly positioned CORPSE that he drew with his LAST DIEING EFFORT, the numbers that you have been talking about endlessly for the last several chapters. Perhaps they are relevent. Nah. Or how about the "So dark the con of man". These clever symbologists and code breakers go (and I paraphrase again) "Yeah, Man was conned and it is sooo dark that he is conned", not "I wonder if this is another in an endless chain of anagrams written by a man who loves anagrams." OR, how about the cryptex, version 2, that has a strange code written on it. "Is it hebrew? Farsi? Aramaic?" go the worlds foremost grail historian and the Harvard professor. It certainly wouldn't be a code used by Da Vinci, would it? Nah, just because the last 5+ codes we have deciphered in the last 24hrs have all been of a style by Da Vinci, and we have been talking about his paintings and how he was the most important leader of the group whose secrets we are trying to uncover. And it is in a box designed by Da Vinci, and they know this because they are foremost experts in Da Vinci's life and writings. Nah. Nope, can't figure this out. Wait, its actually backwards ENGLISH. Yep, I can see how that looks like Farsi or Hebrew. Sheesh. Those backwards "o"s really are tough to figure out. Hercule Poirot these folks are not -- closer to the Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew, I think.<br/><br/>And here's another thing that I noticed. Spheres, bent lines, triangles, diamonds, pentagrams, penticles, pyramids, stars of David, and other symbols are all representative of the sacred feminine. I think Dan Brown needs to get laid -- if he sees the sacred feminine in one, two, three, four, and five sided objects, he has "it" on the brain, and could use a release. Well, at the minimum, the characters in the book could. At least it sounds like Sophie will provide that in the end.
 A comparison of this novel with the Hardy Boys is meant to be descriptive, not pejorative.  When I was 10 or 11 years old I used to love diving into a new Hardy Boys mystery and it was with some regret that when I reached the age of 13 the books no longer worked for me.  (The regret lasted only until I discovered Science Fiction -Heinlein, Asimov, Clarke, Simak, Norton, etc.)  Starting with the colourful cover, the Hardy Boys porovided action, mystery, suspense -these were juveniles succeeding in an adult world.  My God, they could even drive!  And imagine having a father who was a detective.  I would lose myself for hours in their black and white world of smart, energetic teen-agers and bad guys with foreign accents and five o'clock shadows.<br/>'The Da Vinci Code' is the second Dan Brown book I have read (I read 'Angels and Demons' last year.) Both books are packed with fascinating, little known facts and interesting, if far out, theories about intriguing subjects.  The writing is clunky, even risible in places.  The characters are one dimensional and absolutely cartoonish at times.  The plot twists are outrageous, occasionally bordering on the ridiculous.  The action is breakneck and nobody in a Dan Brown book seems to ever sleep.  And yet it all works in its own way.<br/>Here are some negatives that a potential reader might want to know about:<br/>-paper-thin, cliched characters.<br/>-barely readable writing style -I've never read a book where so many people 'chuckled' or where jaws were so prone to dropping.<br/>-grandiose, Agatha Christie-like plot turns.<br/>-loose, somewhat unsatisfying ending -perhaps setting things up for a sequel.<br/>On the positive side:<br/>-interesting, surprising facts about all sorts of things (e.g. Christ's divinity was voted upon at the First Council of Nicaea in 325 AD.  Until then a majority of Christians thought of Christ as a divinely inspired prophet, but still a human being.)  Brown stimulates thought on any number of intriguing topics.  He challenges what you thought you knew while providing fascinating snippets of new information.  Some of this information seems to be stretched and sensationalized at times, but I don't think there are any fabrications or any intent to mislead.<br/>-well-described, exotic European buildings and locations.  Brown is at his best describing ancient buildings and famous works of art.<br/>-furious action and multiple points of view.<br/>-there is no padding.  Some writers would have dragged out this book for another 200 pages.<br/>-there is violence but no gratuitous violence.  There is no sex, gratuitous or otherwise, which I suppose could have also have been listed as a negative.  Nevertheless it is refreshing to read a best-selling author who doesn't feel he has to put in a minimum quota of sex to fulfill a mundane expectation.<br/>-reading 'The Da Vinci Code' makes you want to travel and see the art and locations described within.<br/>Brwon speculates a lot, but with the topics under consideration there is a lot of room for speculation.  Hard, uncontestable facts about early Christianity, the Templars, medieval secret societies, and the inner intrigues of the Catholic church are not easy to come by. Brown does his readers a service by questioning long accepted ideas and challenging one to re-examine what you thought you knew about the rise of Christianity.  The idea that the Roman Empire didn't really fall but only morphed into the monolithic, imperialistic Catholic Church is not new (see P.K. Dick's 'Valis') but it is an important concept that deserves more consideration, and it will be a new idea to a lot of Brown's huge readership.  The fact that the four gospels, which so many Christians take for the last word about events that happened 2000 years ago, were only a small fraction of what was extant at the time the 'authorized version' was approved about 1700 years ago will also be new to many readers (read 'The Unauthorized Version' by Robin Lane Fox), as will the role of the Catholic church in deliberately suppressing all points of view not in strict accordance with its rigid dogma.  It wasn't just millions of people who were tortured, slaughtered, and erased from history when the Manichaeans, Gnostics, Bogomils, Cathars and so-called witches were wiped out, it was also ideas that were killed.  Often the only way facts about some of these ideas, movements, and people can be reconstituted is by studying extant church polemics against them (see 'Encyclopedia of Heresies and Heretics' by Leonard George.)<br/>While far from being a work of art, 'The Da Vinci Code' is a good bit of escapist fun which touches on important questions of history and theology, and I look forward to reading Brown's next book.
 Dan Brown weaves a fast paced, time compressing, and fascinating work of fiction that could be spun as an historical investigation slash murder mystery in "The Da Vinci Code". An enjoyable tale full of interesting twists, turns, and captivating concepts about secret societies, ancient symbology and paradigm shaking religious "truths", the audio CD version of this book looses much of its luster to incredibly poor narration. While narrator Colin Stinton may play well on Broadway, as the sleeve credits hint, his awkward tone and child-like foreign accents make one wish for an author's reading of his own work. In dialogue between main characters Robert Langdon,a Harvard symbologist who sounds like a tough-guy detective in Stinton's narration, and Sophie Nadeau a French cryptographer portrayed in Monty Python-like female french-english, a really good yarn sounds annoying at times. Overall, and despite this poor reading, Dan Brown's book is recommended. It leaves several questions begging and wraps up loose ends a bit awkwardly, but "The DaVinci Code" makes for a good read (if not a good listen).
 After finishing "The Da Vinci Code," my wife asked me to read it in order to get my "professional" opinion.  I guess she wanted to feel like she was getting something for all those years she helped put me through graduate school.  So, I was already reading it with one eye on historical detail, even through I realize it's a novel, it's just a story.  Just because Indiana Jones isn't really archaeology, or Men In Black isn't really science doesn't mean you can't have a ripping good yarn.  So, although it's "facts" are an incoherent mishmash of tabloid conspiracy theory, half baked higher criticism, and new age mush, it's still a passable airplane read.<br/>  When I had finished it, however, that's not what she asked first.  She wanted to know, did I like it?  And that was a more complicated question.  On the one hand, a tale of a middle aged humanities teacher who suddenly finds that his studies actually have some real-world relevance and is off to high adventure with an attractive young French woman . . . . I mean, what's not to like (says the middle aged humanities instructor . . . .).<br/>  But throughout the book there was another element that I found a bit more disturbing.  Yes, we're used to the standard conspiracy theory;  from "Three Days of the Condor," to "JFK," to the "X-Files," to "The Bourne Identity," . . .  it's always the establishment that is the true villain.  In this particular instance the establishment is the Roman Catholic Church.  True, there is a bit of posturing that permits the author to say that it is actually a rogue element within the church that is at fault (to go any farther as to the actual villain would interject an unconscionable spoiler into a review).  But that was not the troubling part.  Rather it was the breezy, off-hand way with which the author tossed out scurrilous accusations against Christianity itself.  None of them are new or particularly insightful but, nevertheless, in the guise of his academic protagonist, we have Mr. Brown pontificating with feigned piety, that the "noble teachings of the simple Galilean teacher" were seized upon and bastardized by a greedy, violent, psychotic bunch of misogynists who have knowingly misled the gullible masses through all these centuries for their own evil ends.  That's pretty ugly stuff.<br/>  I was reminded of a statement from Albert Schweitzer as he documented the "Quest of the Historical Jesus."  "Lives of Jesus" had become something of a gladiatorial entertainment in the post-Enlightenment period.  Many authors who wished to tweak and annoy the established hierarchy (both religious and political) used this arena as a way of venting their anti-clerical, anti-government views under the safety of academic freedom and scholarship.  Schweitzer noted that "hate as well as love can write a Life of Jesus, and the greatest of them was written with hate . . .  not so much hate of the Person of Jesus as of the supernatural nimbus with which it was so easy to surround him . . . ."  What one senses from Mr. Brown is not hate, so much as simply contempt.
 I put off reading this book until the hype got to me.  What's with the Christian culture and religious scandals?  I have to admit that the book is riveting, and got off to a fabulous start. After that, all the events seemed so contrived, all arranged just so, with perfect timing, to make everything come out right. A million things could have gone wrong for Langdon and Sophie if they were real life characters, but no, everything gets orchestrated beautifully, if improbably, by the author.<br/><br/>Without spoiling the plot too much, consider the actions of Sauniere after he is shot in the stomach.  I've never been shot in the stomach, but I can't imagine a 70 year-old man doing anything more than curling up to die; but no, he spends the last 15-20 minutes of his life to create a most clever, devious, subtle set of clues for Langdon, to safeguard a secret that is so banal it is not worth losing one's life over.  How is he sure that Langdon will find the clues and draw the right conclusions?<br/><br/>Just when you think Langdon and Sophie (another improbable character) have finally solved the puzzle, it turns out the solution is simply one more clue to another puzzle, which in turn must be solved.  Towards the end of the book, it gets a bit ridiculous.  The only thing that kept me going was the anticipation of a juicy secret that made all this effort worthwhile.<br/><br/>So, what is this fantastic secret that a secret society kept under covers for centuries, for which people willingly gave up their lives, and for which real life people today get upset about?  Was Jesus a sexual deviant?  Was Jesus, in fact, an ancestor of Mohammed?  Did Jesus condemn his earlier teachings, including the Sermon on the Mount?  These would have been sensational enough, but still irrelevant in the context of Christian spirituality.  The real secret, which I won't give away, is so hopelessly trite that I simply can't imagine people getting worked up over it.  What am I missing?<br/><br/>Does the alleged 'shameful past' invalidate Jesus' teachings?  Does it negate the Commandments?  Even if Jesus had been a sexual deviant (which historically he wasn't to the best of our knowledge, and the book certainly doesn't claim), why should that invalidate what he said?  The book's ending is a massive anticlimax. To this day I can't fathom why people get upset over the final revelation in the book.  It is so banal, almost like claiming Jesus did not floss everyday.  Big deal!<br/><br/>The book's plot structure, pace, and sense of drama are excellent (if sometimes too tedious and painfully contrived).  But the ending is a total letdown. I felt that the author's talent (not to speak of my time) was wasted on a trivial, senseless issue.  A bit like Einstein using his genius to invent an onion slicer. I recommend the book, if only as an example of how an excellent work of fiction can be corrupted by a meaningless triviality.
 As a published author myself ( ...] I must be careful when reviewing the work of other authors.  From that context, I was blown away at the depth of treatment Dan Brown gave to this wild premise, which is nothing if not compelling.  It showcases the power of fiction, in that this story might actually sway the religous beliefs of some readers (it shouldn't, by the way), in that it reflects doubts and questions many harbor, which is a credit to the author.  While impressed (indeed, intimidated) by the conceptual execution, I found the writing somewhat less than intimidating, at times eloquent, at other times pedestrian, though never as bad as some other reviewers have said.  This is yet another example (along with "Derailed" by James Seigel) of what happens when a publisher decides to push a book onto the lists (as opposed to "The Lovely Bones," which was "pulled" onto the lists by its readers).  I hope for such a push myself, someday. I'm glad my  purchase price]is tax deductible, as I found myself reading it for research as much as pleasure.  This is a #1 bestseller... and in that, I find great hope.
 One thing is absolutely certain Dan Brown can write!! Whether or not his plot is completely feasible or his research can be supported his prose is artful and all of his characters, even those that play minor roles, are well developed. While I personally believe that a millennia old secret society would have a better system than to rely on the security of the secret identities of its four top members, this premise leads to an enlightening and suspenseful tale. Having previously researched in depth the role the church played in the subjugation of women I know that much of Brown's evidence is legitimate. However, his casting of all pagan's as egalitarian is a stretch, misogyny was evident long before monotheism. And he has woven the fact together with his fiction so well that it is impossible to see where one begins and one ends if any of his evidence is in fact his own brainchild. While a bibliography can be found at  ...] I would have appreciated a clear outline of what was supported and what was fantasy. In that regard it is a torment to the intellectual mind. Paul Michael does an excellent job as the reader of the book. His voices are specific, and his interpretation of Silas is particularly heart wrenching. Worth a read or a listen.
 The DaVinci Code has a very interesting premise: Art that clues you in on one of the greatest controversial secrets in religious history. A protagonist that is dropped in the middle, and must figure out the puzzle before the bad guys get to it (or him) first.<br/>It really is a shame that the deja vu effect never went away. Page by page, the action was almost generic to any other thriller/mystery. The race between the heros and the villans felt drawn-out towards the end, to the point where I had to put the book down before I started screaming for the author to get to the point. In fact, The DaVinci Code follows many of the same turns and twists as Mr. Brown's previous book, Angels and Demons (with Robert Langdon the protagonist for both novels).<br/>Was the climax a suprise? If you don't know much about Grail lore, then it might... If you've read all about the Knights Templer and other such historical suppositions, then you'll figure it out long before the characters do. To be fair, Mr. Brown did a lot of research and provided a plausible history; and the story did flow well in the first half of the book. But as the house of cards was built higher, the story fell apart for me.<br/>If you really like mysteries and aren't familiar with many of the Grail stories, I would recommend this book. Otherwise, Angels and Demons would be a better read.
 I got the novel for Christmas, and I literally had it finished before I went to bed that night. I've seen a few negative reviews here about it, and I will admit that it's the research and historical/art history facts that make this book so fascinating. But that doesn't discredit Brown completely-the plot kept me reading (he came up with codes and clues of his own that I thought were quite intelligent), and his writing is great. He's no literary master, but I always appreciate books where I can see everything happening in my head. It reads like a movie, I suppose you could say. The characters are three dimensional, and by the end of the book, I cared about what happened to them and was happy when it had a, well, happy ending. In short, it's a book I thoroughly enjoyed, and if you like books dealing with this sort of thing, don't hesitate to pick it up.
 This book should be included on the top one hundred books ever written.  I feel as if I've just completed a thrilling college course, and wouldn't be at all surprised if the study of this book wasn't eventually offered as one.  It covers a little bit of everything from history, math, logic, science, religion, astronomy, art, and architecture.  Back when I was in High School, I had heard about the universal code of Nature (1.618 PHI.) in a science class , but it was never presented in such a way before that made it interesting enough for me to really sit down and think about it.  After reading this book I was doing little experiments to verify that it was true.  Oh, by the way in addition to being a very good college text, this book was also a very good murder mystery involving a treasure hunt in search of the Holy Grail.  The questions remain however, "What is the Holy Grail or San Greal?"  "Is it a chalice, a women, a royal blood line, or a bunch of hidden documents?"<br/>The book quotes the following from Leonardo Da Vinci that it says is in reference to the Bible, "Blinding ignorance does mislead us.  O! Wretched mortals, open your eyes!"  The line refers to people blindly reading the Bible without questioning the truth in the message.  I would like to caution people not to make the same mistake here by blindly reading this book and accepting everything said here without looking things up for themselves to see how much of it is based on facts, and how much on innuendo.  Some of course is just based on innuendo for the story line, but I was amazed by how much is actually based on real facts (especially the art work, and symbols).  Leonardo obviously had a hidden agenda with some of his paintings, but what that message was is still open to interpretation.  (It does look like there really was a women sitting at the table in his "Last Supper" painting to the right of Jesus.  Whether this person is supposed to be Mary Magdalene however is open to discussion.  This painting of course is Da Vinci's interpretation of that scene rather than based on anything that actually happened.)<br/>I love a book that makes you think and go out and learn something new and this book by Dan Brown does that.  It reminded me a little of Michael Crichton's books like Jurassic Park or Congo, that take some real facts then ask what if, and lay out a believable story that leaves you scratching your head at the end wondering what is real.<br/>Is the Catholic Church built on lies, and if so does it matter, or do we even care?  As a Catholic I remember being concerned years ago when I found out that Jesus might not have actually been born on December 25th, but that the Church choose this day to celebrate it since it coincided with other Pagan god's birthdays.  I wondered how many other things were done while setting themselves up to try to eliminate the competition, and this book just opened up a whole bunch of additional questions that I will now have to research and decide for myself on what is real.<br/>The basic teachings of the church are still the same and have a good message.  That hasn't changed.  Even before reading this book however I have felt like something was missing from the church or needs to be changed.  Maybe by reading this book it will help point me in the right direction as to what I am looking for.<br/>On a side note I saw that Nicholas Flamel the alchemist was listed as one of the previous Grand Masters of the Priory of Sion.  Nicholas is mentioned in "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", but I hadn't noticed until this book that he was a real person when I looked him up on line. ...
 I don't generally read mysteries, but after much nudging from friends I decided to take up the "Da Vinci Code."  It's not the 'Holy Grail' of books that many claim it to be...but it is a fun and easy read.  The symbology and theories explored inside are fascinating.  It's what makes this book.  Unfortunately  the characters do not.  Robert Langdon is written as such a weak and apathetic hero it's hard to really like him.  But if character development takes back seat to easy plotting, this book is probably your bag.  I could have done without all the good guy vs. bad guy, foot chases, gun firing, and plotting to take over the world action, and just stuck with a really good book on  hidden religious symbology and half-cocked conspiracy theories.
 I read this book when it was BRAND NEW and the religious world was going crazy. Look, its a good book, its fun, its adventerous dont see it as a threat to your faith.  Its just a book, entertainment, something to do when you just dont feel like doing anything.  Robert Langdon is a fantastic engaging character, after this book I took a step backwards and read Angels and Demons and then jumped into The Lost Symbol. The DaVinci Code is loaded with facts, but at the same time is loaded with Unsolved Mystery. Open your mind, say hmmm interesting and enjoy the adventure. My mother is devout Christian and she loved the book and it didnt change her faith in anyway.
 Every time I begin reading a bestseller, I try to put aside my prejudices about popular books. But every time my instincts about the popular come out to be quite right. It was the same with Da Vinci Code. I read the book quite later than when it was at the height of its reputation (or hype should I say?) and I had already heard some bad reviews about its content. But I found it lacking not only in content but also in literary merit. As one of the early reviewers said, the book reads like a screenplay except for the requisite style details. While we are following Robert Langdon and Sophie in their one (or two day) adventure, the story shifts to albino monk Silas and Bishop Aringarosa just as a camera shifts onto different scenes in a film. The characters are shallow and nothing more than plot devices. This is true for one of the main characters, Sophie aas well. She is supposed to be an intelligent cryptologist but she appears to be just another damsel in distress and she can't even figure out anagrams. She is just there because Langdon needs someone to talk about secret sects and symbols and other nonsense. Dan Brown is talking to us through Langdon and he is doing it in a very irritating manner. "The corridor's of Louvre's Grand Gallery is as large as three what's-its-name monuments in Washington DC." or "Everyone thinks this word's origins are this but in fact it is that" blah blah blah.<br/><br/>The very powerful secret organizations seem to be run by idiots who send an conspicuous outcasts to the most important jobs in the world and fanatical English aristocrats set up some far-fetched plots to lure people into their lair. The French head of police is made to be an idiot. It seems the only clever person in the whole universe is Dan Brown.<br/><br/>Dan Brown wants to tell us his conspiracy theories and concocts some implausible scenario so that it will look like a thriller. All in all a very forgettable book that does nothing to dispel my negative opinions about popular literature.
 Dan Brown is a seemingly interesting and well informed author. Though he mainly writes fictional books he has written a wide variety of genres.  His prize piece however would be The Da Vinci Code. This book would be what I consider to be a wonderful read. The book perfectly blends action, mystery, and humor. During the most critical times you will find yourself having a good laugh every now and then. The book starts out with a man chasing down the last member of a religious cult. Unfortunately he is killed and all of the secrets of the cult had been lost forever. It is up to his granddaughter and expert Robert Langdon to uncover a long string of clues in order to retrieve the secrets. Every chapter is short and packed full of action and mystery. This book has an addictive trait to it, each chapter ends with a detail that will not let you put down the book. Another great aspect of the book is how informative it is. Though the book is fiction it is actual very factual. I found myself constantly looking things up because it talked about things that I didn't even know existed. It is often criticized for having to do with several religious aspects however I would not call it offensive in any way. Some comparable works are his other novels such as Angels and Demons and Digital Fortress. They all involve puzzles and mysteries. I would give The Da Vinci Code a ten out of ten and recommend it to anyone the age of 16 and up.
 I heard all the hype and thought The Da Vinci Code couldn't possibly be as good as I'd heard. However, it really is...especially for someone not well versed in studies concerning the Holy Grail. I found the parts describing the Grail &amp; all the research that has been done on it fascinating. It really made me want to read more about the topics of the Grail &amp; Mary Magdelene, and it is becoming rare for me to find a book that interests me that much.<br/>The Da Vinci Code has two elements that make it great: not only is it a page turning thriller, but it really makes you think. The research Brown must have done (even if he uses all research that is not necessarily his own) had to have taken ages. He really brings a topic that is not widely known to the public eye.<br/>I gave the book 4 stars for only one reason. It IS a thriller and starts to employ some cliched ideas toward the end of the novel--after all the information (besides the location of the Grail) is revealed, and Sophie &amp; Langdon are racing around trying to recover the cryptex, etc.<br/>The book is still wonderful, and I highly reccomend it.
 What is the hype and hysteria all about?  It is just an ordinary thriller.  The characters are shallow and the plot has several inconsistencies. If you put all the mysticism aside, it is all about "good guys" who look for clues to solve riddles while being chased by the "bad guys".  It is just like a computer game or any other thriller for that matter.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has managed to fool many readers that his fiction is based on real people, real facts, and real historic events.  Unfortunately, both history and science facts were highly inaccurate.  Either Mr. Brown did a sloppy research or he deliberately twisted the facts to fit his story.  He even starts the book by claiming that the Priory of Sion and the list of Grand Masters are FACTS.<br/><br/>There really was a catholic order called the Order of Sion.  It was dissolved in the 17the century and its members became Jesuit monks.  There is nothing interesting about it.  The so called List of the Grand Masters however is not a fact but a hoax invented by a right wing French political organization known as the Priory of Sion.  They were hoping to obtain credibility by associating themselves with famous men.  The Priory was not a clandestine organization and had nothing to do with the medieval order.  They published a newspaper and constantly sought the spot light.  They were mostly ridiculed by the French society.<br/><br/>Many other "facts" in this book are also twisted to give them a mysterious angle.  Besides, Dan Brown is relaying too much on biast feminist interpretations of the Bible.<br/><br/>I have to admit that I enjoyed reading the book.  I was hooked by the story until the last chapters when the plot started to fall apart.  The ending of a thriller makes it or breaks it.  This one didn't make it.
 The Da Vinci Code is really a very well written book.  It has been passed through my family and we have all enjoyed the story.  It is a fast-paced thriller whose short chapters are a quick read, lending itself very well to the pace of the plot.  It puts itself easily at the top of other Catholic Church "conspiracy theories", both in book and movie.  (I always liked John Carpenter's movie, The Prince of Darkness.)<br/>This central theme is that the Catholic Church has something to hide.  This theme has created some really interesting books and some of which have become best sellers based on the current climate of the priesthood.  This book is well-timed to capitalize.<br/>Though this book is a fictional thriller, it makes a fascinating claim at the beginning. Before a single word is written of the plot, the author declares that aside from the story, all facts are true! In reading this book, one is easily captivated by the claims and mesmerized at how these facts are unfolded and presented.  The presentation of facts is half the thriller!  However, after quite a dose of these 'facts' mixed in with the plot, the reader starts to get the sense that the plot itself is secondary.  Most everyone I know who has read the book has begun to question some of the fundamental prevailing paradigms.  I must say that I am most disappointed with the book is its lack of a substantial bibliography (nay, the lack of ANY bibliography) to back up these 'facts'.  (I read "The Sign and The Seal" and was highly impressed with research of G. Hancock in backing up his statements.) The only referenced books are part of the story with the earliest dating only 30 years prior.  (I must say I was expecting books from the 300-500 AD based on the book's claims, certainly not contemporaries or cronies!)  Also I believe it will be apparent to others as well that also share a limited view of Christian history (but took at least one History of Civ class) even timelines are inaccurate.  One item of note, that I caught easily, was Constantine's famous Edict in which he decides to end christian persecutions and basically making the Roman Empire a religious tolerant 'state'-- but never declared christianity the 'official religion of the empire' as claimed in the book.  Since I am not up on my christian history, it was also easy to find online a copy what happened at the Council of Nicea.  The book states that christians at this Council voted on if Jesus was God or not, and that they voted by a very narrow margin that they would think that he is.  This is FAR from the truth!  What they actually voted on (visit a non-Catholic site for an impartial view) is if they thought he was a MAN! AND the vote was not even close,  218-2!  These are two very simple examples of 5 minutes of work online that show his claims of 'authentic historical facts' are grossly inaccurate.  If the simple facts are misrepresented, what of the ones more difficult to find? I am definitely open to the potential truth, but find it hard to even entertain without documentation.  I have since checked the other books that he listed internally for reference, but they conveniently are missing bibliographies as well.  I was left wanting more information, but left feeling it was fanciful gossip on a playground.  I guess I should not complain too greatly and probably why I was duped so easily.  It is my own fault, really.  It is, after all, listed in 'Fiction'.<br/>ps. ABC seemed to waste time on the subject and the info is listed here:  ...]
 I don't quite understand the success of this novel: research is sloppy, style so-so, the "code-breaking" part almost childish. As for research, if the author is too lazy to learn how GPS locators work, describe Louvre's Great Gallery accurately or invest more that one sentence in claim that Dead Sea Scrolls contain New Testament texts, it will somehow make suspension of disbelief harder. OTOH, it in not necessary to repeat twenty times that the Church changed quite radically in its early centuries, that authentic apocryphal (so to say) gospels exist or that religion is not "naturally male-dominated" (though, judging by the novel's success, it seems to actually be news to many).
 OK, let's see, I figured out the identity of the Teacher fairly quickly, solved all the riddles almost immediately (except in cases where key information was withheld), I knew the 10 digit account number well before the characters found it, realized immediately where the grail was, who sophia was, etc.<br/><br/>The history of the grail was pretty pathetic. Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum covered much of the same ground much more creditably and didn't rely on as absurd of a conspiracy to make it all come together. The crediting, for example, of the biblical canon to Constantine was rather laughable, as anyone who has studied the history of the biblical canon would agree.<br/><br/>If you thought this was a good book, do yourself a favor. Get Foucault's Pendulum and read the story done right.
 Honestly, this is one of the worst books I have ever read.  Of course there are even worse out there, but my luck has held out and I haven't paid for one.<br/><br/>Here my luck abandoned me.  What is so obvious and irritating is that the book is a narration of a boring treasure hunt, with impossible  clue after impossible  clue, so remote from reality that there is no engagement of the reader.  Every scene is designed  to show off the author's erudite knowledge, when in fact a day spent with Wikipedia could get anyone to the same place.
 I am writing from the perspective of a scholar whose field covers several of the issues Mr. Brown touches on in his novel. I wish to say first that where my field intersects with the "information" presented as an integral part of the novel, there is not a single "fact" presented by Mr. Brown that is to my knowledge verifiably true; many of these "facts" are verifiably false. In particular, Mr. Brown's presentation of what he calls the "sacred feminine" or the "goddess" is extraordinarily misleading; his connection of this concept to Mary Magdalene is, from the perspectives of history and scholarly comparative religion, bizarre. I say this book is irresponsible most of all because, as many of the reviews here (including the Amazon.com review!) show, most readers of this novel will believe Mr. Brown when he writes that his book is as accurate as he can make it. I would perhaps not be so unhappy had Mr. Brown not made what I consider his most irresponsible decision, to put the vast majority of these views in the mouth and mind of a character who is a world-renowned "Professor of Symbology," a field the vast majority of readers are unlikely to know does not exist. By using this character as he does, Mr. Brown simultaneously adds a false veneer of academic authority (something he demonstrates himself to be very concerned about, since his character constantly cites authorities who, he does not bother to mention, are rejected by real scholars) and insults the real scholars who devote their lives to helping people like Mr. Brown's readers learn the sometimes unexciting *truth* about these things.
 ...was the beautiful ambigrams created by John Langdon.  An ambigram is a piece of lettering which reads the same right side up and upside down, or in the actual and the mirror images.  I bought this in paperback, read it once, was essentially unimpressed, but kept it for the ambigrams "Angels and Demons" (front leaf and back cover), "Illuminati" (pp. 6 and 30), "Earth" (p. 277), "Air" (p. 303), "Fire" (p. 371), "Water" (p. 415) and one particularly masterful one which combined the words Earth, Air, Fire and Water ALL into a diamond-shaped ambigram which reads the same both right side up and upside down (p. 473).<br/><br/>I have a book called "Inversions" (by Scott Kim), which features this type of fascinating artwork.  I also have a picture book of tattoos, "Body Type" (by Ina Saltz), which includes some designed by John Langdon, among others.  As an illustrator and calligrapher I am always enthralled by creative usages of letter forms.  John Langdon's ambigram artwork is the very best thing about the book "Angels and Demons," and it is very good indeed.
 This book came highly recommended to me by many friends whose literary tastes I really respect.  It is a good read for a beach day and it is mostly enjoyable with that perspective. However, there are many serious flaws in the book that worry me. First, it is very hard to distinguish fact from fiction for the un-initiated in Da Vinci's work, religious sects, etc.  It can lead to dangerous conclusions in people that "read but don't question" modern fiction.  Second, I found the book annoying at times in its use of simplistic language. Its' stupid comnments (mostly Langdon's thoughts) insult the average intellect and cheapen the book.  Who cannot read the part about Langdon wondering if the inside of the Zurich Depository was "decorated by Allied Steel" and feel how senseless and idiotic that thought is?  The story line is entertaining and thought-provoking but no more than the average thriller out there.  One good outcome, at least for me, is the desire to search for the historical truth regarding all the controversial subjects presented and come to my own informed conclusions.
 Before anyone gets their religious beliefs or artistic expertise in a knot, remember that "The Da Vinci Code" is only a book and a good mystery at that.  It will leave you guessing at every turn of the page.<br/>Dan Brown's character Harvard symbolist Robert Langdon goes to Paris to give yet another lecture and becomes involuntarily involved in one of history's greatest mysteries...the Holy Grail.  What is it truly?  What does it mean?  And how does it affect the outcome of all that the world has come to "believe" as fact?<br/>The curator, Jacques Sauniere, of the Musee du Louvre in Paris is murdered, but this is no random killing.  This man happens to be the Grand Master of the secret society known as the Priory of Sion.  Established in 1099, this organization is bound to secrecy in the preserving and location of the Holy Grail which has been sought for centuries.  After being shot in the museum, Sauniere uses his own body; Da Vinci's encrypted artwork, and his avid use of code to pass on clues to his granddaughter Sophie Neveu in locating the infamous keystone which leads to the Grail.<br/>Robert, who is falsely accused of the murder, teams up with Sophie who happens to be a Police Cryptologist.  Becoming suspects on the run through Paris the two must play detective.  In deciphering Sauniere's clues they come across a box for which they have no idea what is inside.  What they find is what is called a keystone.  Who ever wanted this keystone is behind not only Sauniere's murder, but three other murders that same night of prominent members in the Priory of Sion and a nun.<br/>Their adventure leads throughout Paris, to Westminster Abbey in London to the Rosslyn Chapel in Edinburgh, Scotland.<br/>The keystone holds a two thousand year old secret that can change the fate of all.<br/>This book is a true mystery from start to finish.  Some will be appalled by the religious replications made or question the accuracy in the referenced artwork.  I am not an expert in either area.  However, I do applaud Brown celebrating the other essential half of spiritual enlightenment...the feminine side.  Women have be demonized in society for far too long.
 This book is a witch's brew for delirious escapism.  Here are some of the obvious ingredients:<br/><br/>Scandalous exegesis. Heresy! Brown is a writer of fiction, and I believe his fantasy-biblical rendering is what many readers have found most alluring.  Jesus was not divine, Mary Magdalene was the wife of Jesus, and their lineal descendents live today.  The ultimate dynasty!  This is historical escapism.  One doesn't hear this in church, much less Sunday school.  But note that Brown strategically included a Mickey Mouse wristwatch worn by the protagonist.  Mickey Mouse?  In a well-written novel nothing is superfluous; I detect the author's wily wink to the reader.<br/><br/>Gothic terror.  Monk amok!  What could be more Gothic than a grim, ghastly, ghostly looking albino monk bludgeoning a nun to death in a musty mediaeval church at night? Classic Radcliffe and Lewis ingredients for eerie escapism.  All that is missing is Mary Magdalene's haunting appearance as an "appalling specter."  Boo!<br/><br/>Mystery code.  Conspiracy, suspense, multiple murders, clues in Swiss banks, the secret DaVinci code, all bundled in a fast sequence of events.  These are the potent ingredients for breathless escapism as in, say, Robert Ludlum's or Dashiell Hammett's novels.  If I am not mistaken, the action described in Brown's nearly 200 pages all occurs in a twenty-four hour period.  Pant. Pant.<br/><br/>Political correctness.  Shreek!!! Brown sets radical feminists' hearts aflutter by postulating an ancient Christian conspiracy engineered by the apostle Peter to make the Catholic Church hierarchy all male. So, Peter was politically incorrect.  Tsk. Tsk.  More winky escapism (a.k.a. Minnie Mouse).<br/><br/>This escapist brew is a catharsis for the brain and a bromide for the mind.  Overall I found it superior to Brown's earlier Angels and Demons, because it is more tightly written with fewer loose ends - no concluding deus ex machina, and its more exotic subject better lubricates the reader's brief suspension of disbelief.<br/><br/>I saw the movie, and found that the screen writer is better than the author.  The concluding scenes were a better wrap up - more cogent.  And the exotic settings supplied great visuals that facilitate transforming the pulp fiction into a popcorn flick.
 This book is awesome, don't buy the regular novel, it would just be a waste knowing that THIS edition is out there for a little bit more, and it's a great bargain price, because at Barnes&amp;Noble (where I was able to view it before buying it on Amazon for a lot less), it cost $35 (plus tax), and for just a simple $23 from Amazon, it's sooo worth it! The pictures in the book are beautiful digitally reprinted, and are the exactual paintings and drawings that they describe, along with the places and people that they are talking about ... in short, this book really enhances the novel, it makes you think that it's a NON-fiction as oppose to a work of fiction!<br/><br/>It is hardcover with a jacket sleeve as a cover (in case you don't know what jacket sleeve covers are - those are books where the cover has nothing printed on it themselves and are completely blank, but comes with a printed cover that have flaps that fold into the insides of the book, like a bookcover). It is threaded binding, and the pages are glossy, high quality paper.
 I finally got around to reading this the other day and I can't figure out what's the big deal or why it's any more popular than, let's say, any formulaic Dean Koontz (or pick any number other thriller stories where guy and girl run from some mysterious baddy.) The surprises are totally unsurprising and weakly hidden from the reader. The whole Teacher character and how his identity was kept from the reader -- when it would have obviuosly been revealed early on by a certain character he interacted with -- was ludicrous and unfortunately one of the main plot elements of the book. Many other of the plot devices were just as poorly handled. The payoff was totally retarded. I laughed out loud numerous times while reading and any time I actually got into the story some bad choice pulled me right back out of it.
 "The Da Vinci Code" is an exciting mystery novel written by Dan Brown, the major American writer who challenges truth about the Catholic Church with proposed conspiracy theories.  Brown's story is set in modern day Europe, bouncing between historical religious monuments.  His major aim is to offer an alternative religious history, which focuses on the descendents of Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene.  Although the evidence proposed in this book is considered fictional, the story itself is exciting, some what believable and not too far fetched.<br/> Brown's suggestions and implications in the story may draw in readers of all types because of the nature of these implications.  The story begins in Paris, France in the Louvre, where curator and Pirory of Sion Grand Master Jacques Sauniere is fatally shot.  He is killed by a Catholic monk named Silas, who is working for someone named the "Teacher".  The "Teacher" is using the monk to do his bidding on a quest for the Holy Grail.  Once the body of the curator is discovered the police summon Professor Robert Langdon, who is in town on business.  Langdon begins to help the police decode the mystery behind the death of the curator as Langdon explains the nature of Sauniere's work and what it represents.<br/> The fact is, however, that the police believe Professor Langdon is behind the murder because of a note left by the curator that says "find Robert Langdon".  This is revealed to him by the curator's granddaughter Sophie Neveu, a police cryptographer, who is troubled by the memories of her grandfather's involvement in a secret pagan group.  After this is revealed, Sophie and Robert begin to decypher the code left by her grandfather in order to clear Professor Langdonds name and answer questions behind the curator's death.  This task is not an easy one to accomplish, and it is not one either of them are prepared for.<br/> Professor Langdon is not a hero, however by the end of the book he is considered one by Sophie Neveu.  After the two unlikely friends decypher the code left by Sophie's grandfather, they are lead on a scavenger hunt across Europe.  Professor Langdon helps her discover the reason her grandfather was murdered and the reason she has been protected her entire life.  They encounter a multitude of characters that lead and guide them on their very own quest to find the Holy Grail.  They searched all over Europe for clues leading them to the Grail and never thought what they would find is the actual Holy Grail.  Robert discovers, by the end of the book, that Sophie is a blood decendent of Jesus Christ and that the body of Mary Magdaline is actually the Holy Grail.  At any time Robert could have retreated to the American Emabassy, instead he stuck by Sophie to help her discover the true meaning of her exsistence.<br/> Dan Brown has done a great job composing a novel that is appropriate for most people and it is exciting and hard to put down.  The story is very exciting and easily to believe which makes it very popular with readers of adventure and mystery novels.  The story captures the reader by challenging the theories and explainations of Christanty handed down for centuries and a conspiercy theory that has been researched and sought out by many.
 This is a very well written mystery which contains all the aspects of current conspiracy and murder on the stage of the most ancient mystery. 'The Last Temptation of Christ,' 'The Last Supper,' 'King of Kings' notwithstanding, Dan Brown is really on safe ground here. I mean, we can't even puzzle out the shot from the grassy knoll fifty years ago. How could we possibly unravel clues lost for two thousand years in the sands of antiqity over Christ's human life?<br/>Mr. Brown presents a murder in the Louvre that takes the characters across three continents to a violent conclusion, with nothing really lost or gained.<br/>If we thought we would know more at the end then we knew at the beginning, we are happily, I suppose, disappointed. Mr. Brown through Robert Langdon conjures up a remarkable story, but those critical of the church and those supportive of the church fail to uncover any more grist for their mills. And that's the beauty of Brown's writing. He takes a story we all heard at varying points of our adolescence, presents it beautifully, and keeps our attention throughout. It really is, forgetting the topic, a very compelling story.<br/>Worth the effort. Larry Scantlebury
 Anytime a book gets as much attention as 'The DaVinci Code', I feel compelled to read it. I think the real reason this book has taken off like wildfire is that most people AREN'T familiar with 'Holy Blood, Holy Grail'. This is a historically researched book dealing with the same subjects which Dan Brown basically pirated for his novel. The difference between them is, that truth in this case is stranger and MORE interesting than fiction. The characters in 'The DaVinci Code' were wooden, the plotlines about Opus Dei were awkward, and Dan Brown has an EXTREMELY ANNOYING habit of making every other sentence an italicized thought! It got really cumbersome when I first started reading the novel and became more and more cartoon-like until I gratefully reached page 454.... Another historical book dealing with the same subject matter is called 'Rennes La Chateau' and again the true subject of Berenger Saunier --- a priest who found a mysterious treasure in southern France using clues found in the paintings of Poussin is worlds more interesting and engrossing than Brown's flimsy fictional attempt at it's exploitation.
 A well-crafted, suspenseful novel with decidedly anti-Catholic and anti-Christian leanings. Nevertheless it is well-written and delivers quite a "punch;" the author is great at building suspense and keeping the reader turning pages.<br/><br/>It is difficult to tell when he goes from quoting true history to making it up, but by the time he gets to Chapter 55 it is pure fantasy. Really aimed at New-Agers, Ulta-Feminists, Wiccan's and the UFO crowd. Lots of conspiracy content. I got kind of tired of the endless symbolism being translated and the "this means that" and "that means this" that went on and on. Not for people who want to know more about Jesus who was certainly not the head of a big bureaucracy. The author forgot that Jesus came from a lowly background and his movement was grassroots for centuries.<br/><br/>I was surprised to learn that there is a kind of "Jesus-had-a-wife-and-family" sub-genre of story telling. Several people accused Dan Brown of plagiarizing their work. See the book "Daughter of God" by Lewis Perdue; Perdue accused Brown of plagiarizing his work and the case went all the way to the U. S. Supreme Court. See "Word Crime" by Ollson for some of the details. Now that is a "this means that" and "that means this" read based on some fact.
 Two weeks ago I saw the movie and enjoyed it so much I began reading Diane's copy of this fabulous book.  I know, I know that by describing it as such I am baring my chest to all those "superior" intellects that have splashed the Amazon reader comment's screens with bucketfuls of offal to be splashed on us, the unwashed masses, who love the book as I do.  The religious extremists pounce on their fact that the book reproduces old historical material under new and incorrect interpretations; the literature people love telling readers how bad Brown writes, that his book "appeals to the lowest common denominator" and some historians just damn it by saying his research is wrong.  Rubbish-the book exceeds in doing exactly what it sets out to do-tell a riviting story about something besides gangsters or international crime and succeeds magnificently.<br/><br/>I have trawled through a number of volumes about Early Christian history, the Cathars, the Gnostics, ancient history in general, late Roman sects-in short a few subjects touched on by Brown and I found his information both credible and beautifully managed.  I must praise him for stitching together so many esoteric patches and making the resulting beautiful quilt.<br/><br/>I admit to knowing next to nothing about the symbolism that plays such a remarkably strong role throughout the book. His whole tact regarding the male-female symbols and their replication as the Star of David in one form and the Louvre's pyramids as another was new to me.  I repeat myself when I say how impressive was his blending of so many bits of information that are deeply ingrained but buried in western history.<br/><br/>His chapters beginning with 55 and continuing through 61 are the core of the book's premise and, I think, constitute the reasons why some Christians feel outraged and feel that Brown's work is old fashionably blasphemous.  And yes, given their premises, they are correct.<br/><br/>Thank the fates we do not live in their circumscribed world.
 ... is the second of Brown's novels involving Harvard professor Robert Langdon, and no doubt the most popular - it's now been on the best-seller list for a year!  I won't reveal any of DA VINCI CODE's plot, but I will say this: the novel deserves every bit of outstanding criticism it is receiving.  Brown's writing style reminds me of Michael Crichton; he writes so as to make the book perfectly absorbing and extremely thrilling - THE DA VINCI CODE is the biggest page-turner I've ever read.  Dan Brown has also brought Langdon to resemble best-selling author Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan character; hopefully Brown will be writing as long as Clancy has now.  Enough good words cannot be said about this flawless masterpiece of modern fiction, full of mystery, suspense, and featuring a heavily-researched storyline; it is simply one of the best books I've ever read.  If you haven't read it yet, I cannot emphasize how much you are missing.  Ignore the pitiful, angry comments towards the book and buy it today.  It is undoubtedly a decision you shall not regret.  I am now officially a Dan Brown fan - keep writing, Mr. Brown.  I can't wait for Robert Langdon's next adventure!
 I am an art major, and had just completed art history on the the Renaissance when I got this book from the library.  My friends had told me wonderful things about it, and I was excited to read it.  I did indeed find it fascinating, but not for the story line.  In fact, the detective story was cookie cutter, and I found that I could predict things several chapters before they actually happened.  No, the intruiging part for me was the immaculate research on Da Vinci and the secret society and the concept of the holy grail that Dan Brown did.  It was the first time I had been exposed to these ideas, and found them impecably interesting.  It was like taking a history class in a book, where learning is made more interesting.  I'm not sure that I believe everything that he wrote is true, but it is certainly another way to look at certain events, and it is something to keep in mind.  I am eager to learn more on the subject.
 This was a wonderful read.  I could have done without some of the blood and guts, but many of you would probably miss the violence if it was left out.<br/><br/>I was delighted with the story: an explanation of what is meant by The Holy Grail in some quarters.  (This definition certainly makes more sense than most others.)  I particularly like to read about first century events, and since I don't really admire the Church in Rome, this sort of story certainly resonates.  Altogether a wonderfully plotted and executed book, and I cannot praise it too highly.  (And the movie wasn't bad, either!)<br/><br/>Arch
 I finally got to pick up The Da Vinci Code, after seeing the movie a couple of years ago. I think by seeing the movie first, and then reading the novel afterwards makes the book much richer.  I was impressed that the movie followed the novel pretty closely, with only minor changes.  What makes this book so impressive is that it really makes you think about the concepts in the novel. It is clearly marketed as fiction, yet the Catholic Church seemed to treat this novel as heresy.<br/><br/>As a novel it makes you really think about the possibilities in a plausible manner. Even the History Channel still replays the Da Vinci Code revealed special, which walks through the points made in a book. Isn't this the purpose of a really good book, to make the reader think about the story long after reading it?<br/><br/>Now I'm eagerly awaiting the next movie from Dan Brown, Angels and Demons - and then I'll read the novel after seeing the movie!
 As other reviews have pointed out, the basic foundation for this novel is taken straight from the idea that the Holy Grail is actually Mary Magdalene in her role as Jesus's wife, carrying his child.  Brown adds nothing new to this legend (which is covered in detail in the book "Holy Blood, Holy Grail," by Michael Baigent, et al), but uses it as the stage upon which his characters act out their parts.  The plot for the "Da Vinci Code" revolves around exposing some secret documents that will prove the legend true.  Unfortunately, the action is more Keystone Cops than adventure-thriller, and the writing is a bit tortuous in places.  One thing an author owes his readers is to make sure the plot devices work.  In this aspect, Brown fails miserably.  Central to the story is a gadget designed by Da Vinci called a "cryptex."  It is a hollow cylinder (picture a tennis ball can) made of several cylindrical sections, each engraved with a series of letters.  The whole thing is held together in a mechanism so that the individual sections can rotate like a giant bicycle combination lock.  When the letters are aligned to a particular secret word, the device can be opened and the contents extracted.  Inside is a parchment scroll with the hidden information.  As it turns out, vinegar quickly dissolves parchment; so to safeguard against anyone just smashing the cryptex, the parchment is wrapped around a glass vial of vinegar.  Smash the cryptex, the vial breaks, the parchment dissolves, and the secret message is lost.  Much of the plot is built around attempts to decipher the code on the cryptex so it can be safely opened.  At various times in the novel, both the hero and villain have full possession of the cryptex, and engage in odysseys and research to try to figure out the code.  There is, however, a far easier solution than unscrambling the cylinders or smashing the cryptex.  All one would have to do is take a Dremel power tool with a small circular saw on it, and cut through the cylinders without breaking the vial within (a more high-tech solution would be to cut it open with a laser).  Why the "brilliant" characters never thought of this is a plot hole the Louvre could fall through.  But then, had they thought of it, the book would have been over far (and mercifully) sooner.
 Symbologist Robert Langdon is in Paris on business when he receives a startling phone call...one that will change his life.<br/>Renowned curator of the Louvre Jacques Sauniere is found murdered, and worse is the shocking clue found at the murder scene.<br/>Robert Langdon is not sure why he has been summoned to the scene of the crime, considering he never met the dead man, but upon arrival it becomes clear...Sauniere has left a bizarre message mentioning Langdon's name.  As the investigators question Langdon, a gifted  cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, enters to help sort through the clues and the riddles, but within minutes she is explaining to Langdon a  shocking tale  of conspiracy.<br/>Langdon and Sophie are now on the run trying to uncover a mystery that links Jacques Sauniere to the Priory of Sion, a secret society whose members included Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo, and DaVinci, among others.<br/>The race for answers will take Langdon and Sophie through the cathedrals and castles of Europe until they discover the shocking code hidden in the works of Da Vinci, a discovery that will unearth a secret that has been concealed for centuries.<br/>`The Da Vinci Code' is THE must read thriller of the year.  This novel cooks with layer upon layer of  secrets, rich detail, a creepy secret society, devil worship, and a meticulously plotted mystery.  The cover  of  `The Da Vinci Code' should come with a warning...Caution beginning this novel will result in the loss of sleep.  From page one you are thrust into an intrigue filled thriller that does not let up for a second, it's as smart as it is suspenseful, and readers will be hard pressed to not finish it in one sitting.<br/>Dan Brown has crafted one of the most intelligent and original thrillers in years.<br/>Fans of smart, fast-paced thrillers should dive into this one.  There is no doubt that `The Da Vinci Code' will sky rocket up the bestseller charts and make Dan Brown a household name.<br/>A MUST read!<br/>Nick Gonnella
 i read this book during the summer and am surprised to find it still atop the bestseller lists.  harlan coben,in his blurb on the back, writes "perfect for history buffs, conspiracy nuts, puzzle lovers, or anyone who appreciates a great riveting story.'  well, i consider myself to be among the first and last, but found this less than a perfect fit for me.  after just a little bit of reading on the side, one finds most of the theories brown puts forth here are baseless, so plausibility goes right out the door.  it is a perfect story for conspiracy nuts, but there's a reason they're called nuts.  if i remember correctly there were 3 main puzzles for the protagonist, harvard symbologist robert langdon, to solve.  i solved 2 of them pages before he did.  one of them is just plain laughable.  harvard must be considering a suit.<br/>  furthermore, the book is incredibly anti-catholic, but that institution has been under such pressure lately, they must have decided to let this one slide.  finally, the writing is horrible.  instead of writing chapters, he writes movie scenes...he even compares langdon to indiana jones.  want puzzles and history and conspiracy, go immediately to furst or lecarre; you'll get good writing too.
 With over 3000 reviews already what's one more going to hurt?<br/><br/>I'm not really into the whole secret-code-conspiracy-theory genre, but this book does have its redeeming features.  From the very first chapter to the last chapter, the book is non-stop excitement.  It never lets up.  There's never a dull chapter.  But that's about the only thing good I have to say about it.<br/><br/>Most criticism of this book involves the historical inaccuracies.  There's some real howlers starting in chapter 55, but since there's so much that has been said about that, I'm going to ignore that right now.  I have a much different criticism that I haven't heard much of.  I just found the whole plot to be so unbelievable, it didn't really capture my enthusiasm.  Brown seems to recognize this because he did try to patch these things up a bit in the book, though unsuccessfully in my opinion.<br/><br/>First, it doesn't seem realistic to me the Priory of Sion would care so much about protecting the secrecy of the whole story about Mary and protecting the royal bloodline.  According to the story, Jesus is just a regular guy--a prophet at best--and there's no reason to think there's anything special about Mary Magdeline except that she's female.  I'm sure David and Solomon had lots of descendents.  Why would anybody care specifically about keeping track of their royal bloodline?  And why, especially, would a bunch of Goddess worshippers care?  The royal bloodline of David and Solomon shouldn't be of any interest to anybody except Jews who hope to have the kingdom restored to that bloodline some day.<br/><br/>Second, the existence of the Priory of Sion seems pointless in light of Teabing's assertion that historians already know about the Jesus' marriage, the bloodline and all that.  The only thing the Priory of Sion is keeping secret that isn't already public knowledge is the location of Mary Magdeline's grave.  But who cares where she's burried?<br/><br/>Third, if the Priory of Sion is so much against Christianity, why wouldn't they jump at the opportunity of proving the church false?  People have been trying to prove the church false from the beginning, but especially since the enlightenment.  There would be no shock if the Priory of Sion did as well.<br/><br/>Fourth, it's never really clear on who "the Goddess" is, but you get the impression that it's Isis, Venus, and even Mary Magdeline herself.  And that's another strange thing.  The book makes it clear that Jesus was not God, yet it seems to make Mary out to be some kind of deity. She is certainly venerated, but no reason is given for it.  The only reason I can think of in the book for her to have been so venerated was that she was of royal lineage.  But lots of females are of royal lineage, and they aren't venerated like Mary is.<br/><br/>Fifth, supposedly you're supposed to be a really good secret keeper to become one of the four leading members of the Priory of Sion.  They're the only ones who know the truth and where Mary is buried and all that, because they're the only ones who can be trusted to keep it a secret. And the Grand Master is supposed to be the best secret keeper of the four.  Now here's the strange thing.  Leonardo DaVinci was a Grand Master, yet he seemed to go out of his way to leave clues about the truth all over his art and writings.  He seemed to be about the worse secret keeper out there, and he seemed to WANT to get the truth out in the open.  Fine Grand Master he was!<br/><br/>Sixth, leaving aside the whole Jesus/Mary/Priory of Sion thing, I have a problem with the more immediate plot involving the main characters.  Langdon, Sophie, and Teabing were all working together to try to find the Grail, and Teabing told them ahead of time he intended to make it public once he did.  Langdon and Sophie seemed perfectly okay with that.  It seemed totally ridiculous to me, then, that Teabing all of a sudden revealed that he was the one behind the murders, and he's now going to force Langdon and Sophie to help him solve the riddle.  Why would he do that when they were helping him already?  Once we found out his true nature, nothing about his mission changed.  We knew even when we thought he was a good guy that he planned on finding the Grail and making it public knowledge.  There was no reason for him to reveal himself to Sophie and Langdon.  Why force them at gun point to do what they were willing to do already?<br/><br/>Seventh, it seems silly to me that Langdon and Sophie would change their minds once they learned the truth about Teabing and Sauniere's murder.  Sophie was led to believe that Sauniere intended to make the Grail public knowledge, but he changed his mind when most of his family was killed and he wanted to protect himself and Sophie.  So the only thing keeping him from revealing the Grail was fear of the Catholic church.  Yet when Sophie "learns" these things, she made what seemed to me to be a very odd decision.  She wanted to make sure Sauniere's wishes were done.  But which wish?  That the Grail be public or that the Grail be kept a secret to protect himself and Sophie?  Well, Sophie decides to keep the Grail a secret because that's what Sauniere wanted.  That just seemed ridiculous to me.  Sauniere was dead, so the only possible reason he could've had left to keep it a secret was to protect Sophie.  His real wish was for it to become public, and he only kept it a secret because Sophie was in danger.  If Sophie wanted to honor Sauniere, she should've wanted to make the Grail public knowledge.
 Dan Brown has done a great job with this novel. Although many premises on which the foundation of this story builds itself, and to which he alludes within his novel are still today of a controversial nature he does a great job of rattling the cage of Christian History. From the birth of Christianity to its modern day state, Brown grips the reader with suspense, mystery  and a great deal of enlightenment throughout this history-unveiling book.<br/>Although the premises of the story may not be fully founded, and the facts of history are spread thin with controversy, the overall appeal is good because of the authors ability to continuously affect the reader in a way that most other books cannot.  Dan Brown went out on a limb to write a book that challenges the history of a popular faith and taking this book for what it is, a fiction novelists latest attempt to write a bestseller, it's a very dynamic book that you won't be able to put down.<br/>Without getting into any details of the book (as this is a mystery novel that must be experienced without such give-aways) i'll say that the only thing that i did not like about the book was that, as it went on, the chapters seemed to get too short, and scenes jumped around too much. I would prefer a 10 to 20 page chapter that tags you along a story line more than the 2-4 page chapters Brown has opted for.<br/>Historically, no matter what faith you believe in, this book is going to make your head turn with his connection of Da Vinci's life and work to the blood line of Jesus Christ Himself. I would recommend this book to those novel-seekers interested in History, Mystery  and Suspense.
 THE DA VINCI CODE will eat up my next paycheck. The story-within-a-story is so fascinating, I've already added 4 related books to my Wish List. A great big *thank you* to Dan Brown for writing about one of the most ancient, intriguing, enigmatic mysteries!<br/>As a thriller, however, it doesn't work well. Some of the plot twists struck me as unnecessary -- there for their own sake, not smoothly weaving themselves into the story. The premise for the murders never quite made sense to me. Maybe I missed something? And listen, if I can figure out the encoded clues long before the Harvard symbologist and the professional cryptologist do, they're way too easy.<br/>With that out of the way, I loved this book!! It's easily one of the most fascinating I've read. Despite its faults, I highly recommend it.<br/>*After* you've read THE DA VINCI CODE, do yourself a favor and visit Dan Brown's website. 'Nuff said!
 I enjoyed the book, but then, again, I knew I was reading fiction.<br/><br/>I do think the controversy this book has stirred is most fascinating.  He did a great job with the "secret, forbidden" stuff--it made for a good story if you like a nice "scavenger-hunt" mystery.  As I was reading it, I knew those who are a wee bit fanatical about their religion would be offended.<br/><br/>I'm not sure if Brown was deliberately too liberal with taking "poetic licenses"  or not.  But, for those out there who think that this book is true, just a little research or even a couple of shows on A &amp; E will clear up quite a bit of that for you.<br/><br/>If you like fiction that is just fiction, read it.
 I had never read a novel which I could not put down until I read THE DA VINCI CODE (TDVC).  I've heard and read that phrase used so many times before but have never actually experienced such a phenomenon.  The plot of TDVC is so enthralling that you DO NOT WANT TO PUT IT DOWN until you read the whole book.  Mr. Brown has come up with such an amazing story/theory (perhaps?) that it compels you to not only enjoy the book but also to ponder the hisorical points he mentions.  Don't know which are true and which are not but it leaves one very curious.  Would love to see a sequel.  Perhaps one dealing with family members of the present Merovingians (Was surprised to see this name used as one of the characters in THE MATRIX: RELOADED as the movie was filmed before the book came out . . . curious.)
 In The Da Vinci Code,  Dan Brown weaves a complex tale involving the Catholic church, the French police and the supposed descendants of Jesus Christ. He claims that Jesus Christ eloped with Mary Magdalene and that their descendants and documents concerning  the church are carefully guarded by the Priory of Sion, a secret society that practices Goddess worship. His main characters, Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist reminiscent of a bookish Indiana Jones, and Sophie Nehru, a French codebreaker who struggles to break any of the code she encounters, are forced in a treasure hunt for the "Holy Grail" by the murder of her grandfather by the Catholic Church.<br/><br/> Dan Brown studied at Amherst college and Phillips Exeter Academy, where he grew fascinated with the inverse correlation between science and religion. He has written numerous books on the conflict between secret societies and the modern world.<br/><br/> The author supports his controversial thesis with historical evidence relating to the council of Nicaea and the adoption of Christianity by the Roman Emperor Constantine. He also references scholars who support his claims through Langdon's thoughts. In writing the novel, Brown claims to have extensively research the topics and even interviewed members of organizations central to his plot.<br/><br/> One slightly frustrating detail of Browns deciphering of ancient art and architecture is that he is simply not a good enough writer to describe the pieces, and he does not include images of the works his novel deals so extensively with. Although Brown claims to have researched the topics he wrote about, there are numerous historical inaccuracies that both undermine his central claim and reduce his credibility as a writer. The Priory of Sion he writes about was proved to be an elaborate hoax developed by Pierre Plantard in the 1990's. Brown also misinterprets, or simply bends Gnostic beliefs about the divinity of Jesus into the basis of a Jesus Mary love affair. Brown has responded to these claims by not responding; he has continued to state that all of the history art and architecture listed in the novel is completely true, even when faced with overwhelming evidence that it is not.<br/><br/> The books argument is not convincing, because the author uses historical inaccuracies and goes in circles too much to make a definitive case for his argument.  A quote on the Priory of Sion in the book, "They call themselves the Prieuré de Sion-the Priory of Sion. They're based here in France and attract powerful members from all over Europe. In fact, they are one of the oldest surviving secret societies on earth."( Brown 113). At a Priory of Sion history website, " after asking Plantard to swear on Oath - Plantard admitted that he made everything up; whereupon Plantard was given a serious warning and advised not to "play games" with the French Judicial System." ( ...]). Dan Brown is contradicted by many sources and indeed the French government. This carelessness in composing a literary work casts doubt on the novel as a whole and debunks his overall claim.<br/><br/> This book different than any other historical fiction book I have read because rather than taking place in a different time period, it takes place in the modern day and references the historical past. It also deals with a very controversial topic, which is common among bestsellers as it instills curiosity in the reader.<br/><br/> This book would appeal to mystery readers or to people who love a good conspiracy theory, however I would not recommend this book to the general public because it is in general a badly written and badly referenced publicity stunt.
 With all the hype surrounding this book, it was inevitable that I would end up reading it. The book has achieved a life of it's own, much as last summer's Alice Sebold The Lovely Bones did. People have passed it along by word of mouth and intimated that here was a fresh and bold new mystery about intellectual ideas. After having read it, I can say that, depending on the attitude you approach the book with, this is either fun pulp fiction, or disappointing and overblown.<br/>I must say that as mind candy, I enjoyed the book. It is not at all great literature, but it is a page-turner and a fun read. The characters are pretty generic, with very little to distinguish them from a dozen other characters in mass fiction novels. Change the lead character, Robert Langdon from an Art History professor to an intelligence expert and you have Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan. Change him to a lawyer, and you have any number of John Grisham heroes. There is very little to distinguish him from any other popular novel hero. The same goes for Sophie Neveau or any of the other characters in the book. But the plotting is fast paced and keep you going. If the ciphers are obvious and some of the characters are obvious red herrings, and the prose style is a bit stilted, still the book keeps you entertained to the end.<br/>The problems of the book come on the intellectual side. The central premise of the Holy Grail history is based on several popular "Chariots of the Gods?" style books...Holy Blood, Holy Grail; The Templar Revelation; and a few others thrown in for good measure. Unfortunately, the views outlined in these books are presented as representing the consensus of scholarly opinion on Grail symbology, rather than as what they are...popularized potboilers that outline minority opinions...opinions that have not stood up well in peer review, either in historical or in Art circles. And when Brown delves into theology he makes a large number of really egregious errors, errors that even proponents of the Gnostic Gospels don't make. He claims that the Gnostic Gospels are the "original" Gospels and that the standard canon of the Bible is a later attempt by the Church to distort an earlier version of Christianity. He claims that Constantine determined that Christ should be considered God and thereby wiped away any of the "real" gospels, creating the fictions we know as the standard canon. Unfortunately, none of this is true. The earliest we can date any of the non-canonical writings is the second century CE, while the Gospel of Mark has been pretty conclusively dated to the decade of the 60's CE. Even the latest additions to the Bible in modern scholarship predate most of the Gnostic texts by at least 80 years. Further more, Constantine did convene the council of Nicea as an attempt to create at least the semblance of uniformity in Christianity after the Edict of Toleration, the belief that Christ was "fully human and fully divine" predates Constantine by a full two hundred years...and the belief in the divinity of Jesus goes back at least to the Gospel of John, around 95 CE. The above is not to deny the Gnostic Gospels their due...they represent many of the competing strains of Christianity which existed in the Church's first 300 years, until they were forced underground by the growing power of the hierarchical Orthodox church. But the simplistic views stated in The Da Vinci Code paint a hugely distorted picture of something that deserves more thought and more study.<br/>The second objection I have to the book is the portrait of the Catholic Church and particularly the Opus Dei. Though Brown tries at the end to lighten his portrait of the Church, he mostly presents a distorted image of the Church as the enemy of truth. Though undoubtedly, the Church has been guilty of some pretty awful things in it's history, in Brown's hands the Church ends up as a caricature...a paper tiger. Also, the portrait of the Opus Dei in the book is based on only the most negative images of the organization. Opus Dei is controversial, undoubtedly.  But to create such a ham fisted portrayal of the organization lends no help to either side in the debate over the organization, turning it from a questionable Traditionalist organization to a secretive, Jim Jones-like cult. And as the disturbed assassin, Silas, Brown has created perhaps one of the least believable characters in the book.<br/>All that being said, the book is a fun read, as long as you can approach it as just another thriller and don't believe all the genius hype. If you are interested in a really good, well-researched book about the same Grail lore, I would highly recommend Umberto Eco's vastly superior Foucault's Pendulum. Eco takes similar theories, but approaches them with much more art and skill to create a truly magical book. Read it when you want your mind stimulated and leave the Da Vince Code for beach reading.... that's where it belongs.
 Suppose the church's teachings about Jesus were completely wrong.  Instead of being a celibate divinity, he was a very mortal who married and sired a line of descendents that still exists in the 21st Century and appointed his wife as the first head of the church.  And, suppose an organization exists to protect this knowledge, pass it on and, at the right moment, reveal it to all mankind.  That's the jumping off point for Dan Brown's superb and engaging novel, The Da Vinci Code, if novel is a sufficient term to describe the intricate puzzles within puzzles, codes within codes and reflections of reflections that wind through this engaging story.<br/>Beyond the puzzles, Brown offers a wealth of historical information, and seems to be fascinated with etymology.  Anyone who can read this novel without at least once going to an encyclopedia or the internet to check one of Brown's revelations is a far better man than I.  If the book has any drawback, it is that he occasionally becomes a bit prosaic, or better said, lets his characters become a bit prosaic when it is necessary to give some of the historic background.  But those parts are few and far between; the quick-moving story more than compensates for the few slow spots.
 I imagine I was pretty much like most people who read this book. I thoroughly enjoyed listening to it on audio CD. It was one of those books that I couldn't stop listening to. Dr. Robert Langdon (Main character) gets to be a bit batman-ish at times but I still really enjoyed the story.
 This fascinating novel thrilled dreaming parts of my mind and, when reading it, I recognized many ideas just as if I was thinking about them together with Dan Brown. Many years later, now, I still find this novel a break-through, crushing canons of modern Christianity and pointing to the weak sides of established by Christian church dogmas. Must read!
 Everybody's talking about this book.  A friend of mine has invited folks over to discuss it.  I've no doubt this will springboard us into talking about 'the sacred feminine' (Eve was framed) and "Are there intergenerational, nay inter-epochal conspiracies, secret societies, etc, etc, etc."  Well OK, the book is selling and it's a great springboard.<br/>Other questions that I expect answers to in a book ballyhooed as much as this one:  "What if I had the Holy Grail, the actual cup that Jesus drank the first communion with his disciples; what properties would the Grail convey on the possessor (or viewer)?  Would it be like Dorothy's ruby slippers or Midas' golden touch?  Another question- how is the Grail's authenticity verified?  Tell me this, Dan Brown!  No, &lt;The DaVinci Code&gt; never reveals this to my satisfaction.  The whole 'thing' hinges on a riddle and the hero, Langdon never sees the Grail.  So...it's DaVinci Code as in Crossword Puzzle, not as in the chromosonal genetic code that spells Jesus Christ.  Admittedly, a clever read and if &lt;DaVinci Code&gt; serves you like it did me, to generate an invite to brunch, go for it.  Another caveat; this is one of those stories where the hero was tired to begin with and stays up 48 hours.  Don't start reading it after 9:00 PM or sympathy pains may convince you that sleep is all but impossible!
 Dan Brown's THE DAVINCI CODE is a novel for those who think they are reading a serious book about a serious topic: the very sources of the Church's right to exist. For more than two milennia, the Church has based its dogma on its express belief that Jesus Christ was born of divine intervention, was killed by mortal hand, and rose from the dead by divine intervention. During this 2,000 year history, many have come forth with claims that Christ was born mortal, died mortal, and remains mortally dead. Dan Brown now writes of a Christ whose life, death, and resurrection has been manipulated by high Church officials to ensure the longevity and ongoing power of its own structure. There is no way to prove the claims either way, though recently Brown has been sued by another writer who claims that Brown plagiarized plot elements from his own book.<br/><br/>In this book, THE DAVINCI CODE, Brown writes in a style that carries the reader along in such a manner that there is no chance that any implausibilities of plot will become evident. It is almost as if Brown has taken to heart the plot rules from a text called HOW TO WRITE A BEST SELLING NOVEL. He begins with a murder in an art museum by an albino who leaves his victim alive just long enough to etch onto the floor the first in a series of tantalizing clues that propel the reader from page to page.  The hero is a cardboard character named Langdon, who follows these clues as if each one were the Hoily Grail. The point of the novel is that Langdon is seeking the Grail.  Along the way, he (and the reader)are given some fascinating if unverified assertions about the birth and death of Christ. What he learns is that each clue is sort of like reading a text explicating the deconstructionist literary criticism of Derrida, who states that each element in a work of literature is no more than a sign pointing to other signs, which in turn point to still other signs.  The result is that you have a whole lot of signs but not much meaning. When I finished reading THE DAVINCI CODE, I felt that I had just been taken on an extended journey of biblical road signs with Templars pointing to Mary Magdalene pointing to Rosicrucians pointing to the "The Last Supper" painting, and so on in an infinite loop.  And all of this is not necessarily a bad thing.  What Brown has given the reader is all that most readers really want--a good read that teaches something along the way.  What it teaches is a function of that reader.  In my case, I learned to look at certain historical paintings with a new eye to see if the hand on Jesus's shoulder is more feminine than is usually assumed.
 Not being typically inclined to read murder mysteries, I was hesitant to read this book and ultimately lured in by its surrounding controversy and the 46 weeks it's been on the bestseller list. I must say, overall, I was pleasantly surprised and intrigued by the originality and suspense of the novel.<br/> I enjoyed the short cliffhanger chapters because they left a sense of suspense at every turn and seamlessly invited the reader to further become immersed in all aspects of the plot. I did feel that sometimes the turn of events in the story were predictable and (dare I say) cliché, but the fascinating symbolism and cryptic messages more than made up for any minor flaws in plot.<br/> The character development of both Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu had depth and sincerity, though the love interest sub-plot between the two was trite and unbearably inevitable. I did enjoy the subtle development and insight into Bezu Fache, who not only serves as the catalyst for the action, but also arouses suspicion<br/>leaving the reader with an uneasy sense of distrust and ambiguity toward the character. He is a modern day Javert from Les Miserables, which is all the more fascinating to think about considering Victor Hugo is mentioned as, at one time, being a predominant member of The Priory of Sion.<br/>As for the controversy, it seemed to me that the book made efforts to acknowledge the true and profound meaning of faith while bluntly acknowledging, as any historian will agree to, that the history we learn in school may be slightly askew from the truth. Look at how Columbus Day has turned from a celebration of discovery to an awkward day for elementary school teachers and a great weekend to buy a car!<br/>In short, the novel is nothing to get your rosary beads in a knot over and I say that not in a heathenish way, but instead as an educated and devout Christian myself, unscathed by adversity and already aware of my "goddess" status.
 This book was written at a surprisingly amateur level. This book wouldve been a much better read about 15 years ago, and i am 29 now.<br/>The writing was so incredibly tame and a Geico caveman wouldve had no problem getting through this book.<br/><br/>The characters were also so incredibly uninteresting. I did not care one bit for the two main protagonists. I didnt care if they lived or died since they had absolutely no back story in this book. The only character i enjoyed was Silas who seemed to be a poor ignorant man mislead by zealots. He would have been better served as an atheist who went to S&amp;M shows to get his blood running.<br/><br/>On the plus side, this book was a fast paced read and i was very curious as to what the holy grail was going to turn out to be. However, after the whole holy grail thing was explained i found myself going, 'huh?' and 'are you kidding me?'<br/><br/>Good read for a high schooler. Not so much for an adult.
 Dan Brown's new entry to the Templar/Holy Grail genre deserves a 4.5 for the storyline, but a 1.5 for its historical and scientific claims.<br/>Beginning with the murder of a curator of the Louvre, who leaves a cryptic message designed to ensure the invlvement of his daughter Sophie Neuveau, a cryptologist for the French Judicial Police, and of Robert Langdon, a Harvard art professor specializing in religious symbology, the story draws the reader into the amusing and exciting quest to decipher the sequence of puzzles that lead to the secret of the Holy Grail.  Unfortunately what starts out as an engaging story draws to a shaky, uncertain finish, losing momentum and closure.<br/>What's much more bothersome to me is the lack of any visible relation of the background math, science, and history to factuality.<br/>He claims (for example) that the golden ratio (approximately 1.61803, and the ratio of the long to short sides of most flags) represents the ratio of female to male bees in a hive. Balderdash.  Or that the ancient prejudice against left-handedness results from a program of defamation by the early church against the feminine, left-side, rather than the obvious explanation that a person who cah shake your hand and stab you at the same time seems sinister.  More egregiously, the author claims that Constantine (emperor 324-337) changed the day of Christian worship from Saturday to Sunday, ignoring the fact that  Justin the Martyr describes Christian worship on Sunday, no later than AD 155.<br/>Most astonishingly, he suggests that the divinity of Jesus was not established until the Council of Nicea, ca 325, apparently ignorant of the fact that the issue addressed was the Arian heresy, not even an issue until the late third century, and which proposed that Jesus, while supernatural, was not consubstantial with God, and that Jesus, while first-created, was not co-eternal with God.  There had been lots of discussion about the nature of Jesus, but by far the maority belief was in the divinity of Jesus, not the skeptical denial of much modern theology, which Brown pretends was the prevailing view of the early Church.<br/>The silliest thing Mr. Brown claims is that the Hebrew (unpronouncable) name of God - YHWH - was derived from the 16th century translation mistake Jehovah.  A good discussion of the origin of the word "Jehovah" is given in Gunther Plaut's commentary "The Torah" pp 425-6.<br/>In summary, an enjoyable story that despite faltering at the end, is mostly a pleasant read.  The silly and even offensive lapses in the  historical background make it occasionally annoying.  For his authority on the history of the early Church,  ...
 A quest romance. The protagonists, Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu, who is a descendant of Jesus and Mary Magdalene, are in search of the Holy Grail, or something, and are pursued by bad guys who include the Pope, the French police and Opus Dei. Brown leaves out the Knights of Columbus, the Shriners, Rotary and the Boy Scouts but that may because he didn't have room.<br/><br/>They follow  a lunatic but entertaining sequence of clues based on codes and anagrams as they search. There's a great deal of information and misinformation about secret societies, lost biblical manuscripts, old churches in Paris and London, the Freemasons, the Rosicrucians etc.  Some of it sounds quite erudite until you check it out.<br/><br/>The stuff about pagan survivals in Christianity largely comes from James Frazer's "The Golden Bough" which has now largely been debunked by such works as Robert Fraser's "The Making of the Golden Bough" and Cynthia Eller's "The Myth of Matriarchal Prehistory."<br/><br/> For a sober view by a professional historian of  pseudo-ancient  secret societies I would suggest Frances Yates's "The Rosicrucian Enlightenment."<br/><br/> "The Gnostic Scriptures" by Bentley Leighton in the New Anchor Bible Reference Library is a balanced view. (Elaine Pagels is rather too enthusiastic).<br/><br/>Bernard Berenson's "Italian Painters of the Renaissance" remains the standard on Leonardo's paintings.<br/><br/>Mary Magdalene is mentioned by name in the Gospels, in the 8th Chapter of Luke, the 27th Chapter of Matthew, the 16th Chapter of Mark and the 20th Chapter of John, (Some other women are sometimes identified with her, although the Bible doesn't say so. One is Mary who was the sister of Martha and Lazarus; one is the woman in the 7th chapter of Luke "which was a sinner" who poured perfumed oil over Jesus and wiped his feet with her hair; another is the unnamed woman taken in adultery in the 8th chapter of John and then left alone with Jesus.) In the 8th Chapter of Luke Jesus and his disciples travel around accompanied by many women who included Mary Magdalene, Joanna and Susanna  and who, in the King James version, "ministered" (the Greek is "diekanoun") to them.<br/><br/>I found it enjoyable and it held my attention for the first half but was rather too long. Apart from the fake history, which could have been fun, the main plot line is a  treasure hunt, following clues, and a chase with narrow escapes. There's episode after episode, in each of which they follow a clue, get into trouble and then get rescued in the nick of time. These got repetitious. .My other main problem was with the dialog, which is never sparkling and often consists of long speeches expounding the cryptography and hermeneutics.
 This novel was wonderful. I read it in two days and would have read it in 1 if I didn't leave all my Christmas shopping to the last minute. The mystery is hidden in codes and riddles and I LOVE that sort of thing. They enable twists and turns I never saw coming and when I think I know which direction we are going in we take a 180. And that is how excellent writing should be. I also love the delving into an ancient real-life secret society and into the history of Christianity and of the basis of our current moral code. It definitely opened my mind about some things while at the same time helped me confirm the inklings of my own intuition. There is a tremendous build-up and one may say that the novel runs out of gas (hardly), but I think it unfolds brilliantly, leaving it up to the reader to decide what the character does after the mystery is solved.
 The Da Vinci Code is really two different books pushed together.  One of the books is awful and the other is unbelievable.  The awful part of the book is the thriller.  The main characters, like all main characters, are trying to uncover a mystery while be chased around by an appropriately bizarre killer (a super-strong albino Catholic fanatic).  This part relies on some of the oldest cliches in mystery/thriller writing, including the dying man leaving obscure clues as to who killed him instead of just writing the killer's name.  He supposedly doesn't do the latter because the killer might be watching him, but his behavior in leaving clues behind is so bizarre that if his killer was watching he would have to realize something was going on.<br/>For a thriller to work, we need to care something about the characters.  That's impossible here because the main characters have no personalities.  One is a man and one a woman, but there doesn't seem to be the slightest thing interesting about them.  They are in no way distinctive human beings.  There are comic book characters with more depth than the ones you find here.<br/>Thrillers of course turn on the characters trying to uncover some mystery, or acquire something that someone evil wants.  That gives the writer the excuse to have his characters being chased around, shot at etc. until the conclusion.  Alfred Hitchcock famously referred to the thing that is being fought over as a "McGuffin."<br/>Normally no one cares that much about the McGuffin.  Here, the McGuffin takes over the entire book.  The McGuffin here is the Holy Grail, which is very different than any would think who knows it only from Arthurian romances.  And it is Brown's explication of what the Holy Grail "really" is about that is driving the sales of the books.  Brown bases his theory on sources that have been known to be false for centuries.  However, it appeals to a certain segment of the population, and most people will uncriticly accept what he has to say.  For anyone with access to archives of the New York Times Book Review section, I suggest that they read the back of the Book Review for 2/22/04 for more on Brown's sources.<br/>Normally I wouldn't care about what wacky McGuffin the characters in a thriller were chasing -- I like the X Files for years without ever believing in aliens -- but here it is Brown's statements about the Holy Grail that are responsible for the success of the book.  This success is not deserved.<br/>I gave this book 1 star only because Amazon does not allow you to give a book no stars.
 There is an excellent suspense storyline to this book.  The characters are semi-interesting and you will be compelled to turn the pages as is the occasion with most suspense stories, but what grabs you in this novel is the information that you receive that sparks interests in the subject matter.  Some critics have written that this is completely fictional, but there are many truths as to what is being said.  Dan Brown did extensive research for this novel and it is evident in the pages after pages of the novel.  This novel will lead you to read his previous novels as well as books such as "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" and "The Gospel of Mary Magdelene."  This is a book for those who are interested in broadening their mind and are open to accepting concepts that are often slandered by society.  This novel can't be read simply for the story, which is par.  This book has been at the top of the bestseller list for a reason that I don't need to tell you.  It is book that many have read and is a great conversation piece for discussion.  This type of novel which can only be categorized as an intelligent suspense leads to the discovery of many secrets that you can believe, but don't have to, such as the nature of Mona Lisa's smile and the history of the Catholic Church.  The present day drama that now ensues within the church can even be understood when one reads this novel as things are looked at into new light and new understanding.  The main character is Robert Langdon who was also the protagonist for Brown's novel "Angels and Demons."  Langdon's character as well as the rest is not entirely fascinating, but this book is still worth the read for its information and fascinating subject.
 I received this impressive illustrated edition of "The Code" as a Christmas gift back when it first came out.  I had been working very diligently on my master's degree in German literature at the time, so I was totally ready to while away the break with some light-reading.  So what if it was not prize winning literature--- except for the obvious French phrases sprinkled throughout the book-- it was in English!  And it had PICTURES!  I had done enough Thinking during the semester (and I mean, seriously, Thinking is overrated, don't you think?)  So just let "Prof." Dan Brown's words spoon feed his windy plot to you, and his illustrations lead you step-by-step through Europe. The pictures of cathedrals, the Louvre, and so forth which accompany the text are beautiful and they really make the experience. The places are real, but "the DiVinci Code" is just for fun.<br/><br/>Enjoy!
 This is a fun, entertaining book. Take it to the beach and start turning the pages! You can almost see the movie as you read this thriller.<br/>Dan Brown has successfully arbitraged a lot of research about the Holy Grail and Mary Magdelene and the Knights Templar with the general public's lack of awareness of all that research into a cosmic whodunit.Along the way, you learn about Fibonacci Numbers, The Codex Leiscester, church and art history and mythology.<br/>If you want to know more about all the issues the plot deals with, buy "The Templar Revelation", by Picknett and Prince, at the same time(published in 1998, the first chapter is entitled "The Secret Code of Leaonardo DaVinci"!). Their non-fiction book describes in depth practically everything The DaVinci Code treats in this fictional representation.
 I heard about it 3 weeks ago, a family member brought it with her and she seemed delighted with the book, I thought "If she likes it, why not give it a try?" I bought it 3 days from today and finished it in two days because I just couldn't put the book down. A mistery behind Da Vinci's masterpieces- The Last Supper, The Mona Lisa, The Madonna Of The Rocks, etc. seemed to hide a secret silenced by the Church by milleniums. The Saint Grail? Could Jesus be in reality someone who's not who we think he is? If you are smart enough, you will put faith aside and read the book as what it is: A great thriller. I never would thought Leonardo Da Vinci hid so many secrets in his paintings but thanks to the illustrated version of the book, those lines made a lot of sense. Yes, there's a woman in The Last Supper. Yes, it looked like Uriel's finger was cutting off an invisible head gripped by Mary's hand posture. Yes, the Mona Lisa was a mixture of two ancient gods representing each gender: AMON &amp; Isis or L'ISA, MONA LISA. If the book doesn't make you doubt about your beliefs, at least use it to learn something new, I did. The Da Vinci Code is an intelligent thriller with a topic that will never stop creating controversy: Religion.
 I received this book on Friday and finished reading it by Sunday morning.  It is one of the best page turners I have come across in a long time.  I can't remember when I have been so entertained, enlightened, and engaged in a while.  It has all the things that I love in a book: mystery, suspense, a good education, and art!<br/>Other reviewers have commented on avoiding this book if you are Catholic.  I am Catholic and as long as you are open to hearing about some alternative explanations, whether or not you embrace the ideology, then you will enjoy it.  I found the concepts interesting and appreciated the authors use of them in context.<br/>While the end is a bit too tidy for my tastes, I can't think of any ending that I would be satisfied wit, especially because I didn't want it to end.
 Thanks to Dan Brown we know now a lot more of the history of mankind of the last two thousand years and what went wrong. Did you know that Jesus was married to Maria Magdalena and produced a child with her? Did you know, after the crucifixion Maria fled with the child to France where she founded the dynasty of the Merovingian kings? In the Merovingians the blood of Jesus lived on. Sad, that they did not know it!<br/>Did you know that Emperor Constantin has manipulated the Bible to make Jesus to God and ban the women from leadership of the church? What a pity that Constantin did not know it! Did the Egyptians know that Maria Magdalena leads on the godly line of the egyptian Isis cult? No, they did not! But we today know it!<br/>If you did not get all the confusion that this book makes possible, why not try the movie? In the film it is Leigh Teabing to explain the theory. Teabing is an anagram of the name "Baigent". Michael Baigent and Richard Leigh are authors of discussed Qumran and Gral-books. Their erroneous assertions were rejected by experts. But Dan Brown was inspired by them. He assembles in his book the full offer of the actual Christian conspiracy theories: Templer knights, Maria Magdalena married to Jesus, Symbols of Da Vinci, Opus Dei, the holy Grail. That is the fabric for millions to watch in the cinema.<br/>How is this proved to be true? With mysterious signs, alleged suppressed informations, hints on Da Vince paintings and reinterpretation of church history. Browns and the films conspiracy theory swims on top of the superficial, religious, tolerant spirit of the post modernism with an antichristian spearhead. Not like Brown director Howard shows Robert Langdon rather as a sceptic, not so much as a follower of the grail-theory. Before the start of the film, star Tom Hanks stated: "If you take a film - even a hundred million dollar production - for hard cash, you make a big mistake!" The story remains what it is. A play of irritation and a confusing labyrinth. But the film shows also what the book is, a fictive novel!<br/>Problematic only that the author asserts that his documentation is true! Rather dilettantish lie! For example the scriptures of Qumran are of pre-Christian times and have no relation at all to the New Testament. We have also to thank Brown that he seems to be the only one who knows what is in the mysterious documents of the Vatican - now the Vatican also knows about it!<br/>It is strange to see that the Christians of the times of Constantin did not realize that all their holy scriptures, even the Gospels were falsified, although - believing that the Bible is the Holy word of God that nobody should falsify - they were very careful in keeping every word from the beginning in reverence like a treasure! And moreover strange that they changed their belief to the new belief of Constantin and his new scriptures! How silly, Dan Brown thinks his readers are? I fear just as silly as they really are!<br/>Besides there are also text documents from the time before Constantin, for example Papyrus P 75, which contains great parts of the Gospels for Luke and John, with the same contents we have today. P 66 is even older. This does not harm the bank account of Brown!<br/>Today we know thousands of Bible manuscripts from the 9th to 15th century which are all the same. Compared with the documents before Constantin there are no significant deviations, which is not surprising knowing about the veneration of the Christians for their holy books. Dan Brown uses the same senseless and empty arguments as the islamists, that they were falsified. He needs this arguments for his books of course. Brown even is silent about the fact that the koptic-gnostic "gospels" were never accepted by the church. Why? Because it was apparent that they were falsifications. Yeah, Dan Browns were also at work in the past!<br/>That the New Testament is more reliable testified as original than any other manuscripts from the ancient times is a well known fact. But not for novel readers. And Brown does not change that fact.
 Great book. I read it in hardcover, the illustrated version, after it first came out. I would like to purchase the Kindle versions of all the books in this series, but only if they are available in illustrated versions.
 I began reading this book with some trepidation because it, at first, seemed to be a book about infighting between various religious organizations, with a murder thrown in. Boy was I wrong. It is a very well written thriller about a very complex murder that requires the protagonists to decipher numerous codes and other religious based histories in order to solve, not only the murder, but also to prevent irreplaceable documents (Holy Grail) from being destroyed.<br/>The other amazing part of this book is that it imparts a considerable amount of historical knowledge to the reader without them even realizing it. The many things I learned through reading this book would never have been looked into by me because religious history never appealed to me. Here, you get a big dose of it, without knowing you would, and then, being mighty glad you did.<br/>Great Book!
 Fun, and introduced us to a kinda modern take on codes and signs.  I enjoyed it less than its overwhelming popularity suggested I might, but its still a good read for a plane ride or the beach.
 I grew up in a legalistic Christian household (most members have renounced such madness, thank goodness). I wonder why my Sunday school teacher never suggested that Mary Magdalen (the purported harlot) was perhaps the wife of Jesus?? Amazingly enlightening!! One certainly cannot accept all that Brown asserts as fact. To do so would not be very scientific; however, the alternative explanations he alludes to are definitely more plausible than those offered by contemporary religious institution. This book was a blazing page turner and very thought provoking. I'm now getting "Holy Blood, Holy Grail", "The Templar Revelation" and others. Thanks Dan for sparking my interest!!
 Brilliantly conceived and masterfully written, Dan Brown tells the story of a religious symbologist and the granddaughter of the murdered curator of the Louvre who uncover mysterious clues that may have tremendous political and religious implications. Brown intertweaves fact with fiction so smoothly that it's difficult to tell the difference. This skill makes the story plausible and frees the imagination to accept the premise and explore the possibilities on its own.<br/>Brown's knowledge of art, religion, myth and history is vast and he has equally enormous writing talent which he uses to carve a story that is both educational and entertaining. He interprets the art creations and writings of Leonardo da Vinci to support his premise about the Holy Grail and to unlock the mysteries that have surrounded it through the ages.<br/>Brown tells us about the Opus Dei, the Priory of Sion, and the power of the Feminine. He takes the Holy Grail and redefines its meaning in what to some people, may be provocative and offensive. The works of da Vinci and others are interpreted in such a way as to justify and prove Brown's premise. Brown uses the works as evidence which, if brought to light, will drastically alter the Catholic Church and the world's perception of it. Brown populates the novel with colorful characters speaking authentic dialogue which brings them to life. Characters include an albino monk, a paraplegic historian and a persistent and conscientious detective.<br/>The Da Vinci Code is excellent. It's intriguing, very readable and highly recommended!
 This is a great book.  I was lucky enough to find the UNABRIDGED version of the Audio CD.<br/>I won't go into details about the book.  What I will tell you is that it's written very well.  The characters are all realistic and so is the story.  Dan Brown has done his research and it completely comes through in the books.  Though some of the theories in the books are his own, I couldn't help but wonder what was fiction and what is real.<br/>I listen to a lot of audio books because of my commute to work.  It you haven't tried it, try it, it helps the long drives.  It came to a point where after arriving at my destination, I would often sit in my car for an extra 10-15 minutes just to get to a part that I could pause the book for.<br/>On the version I have, the book is broken down into many sections, so it's easy to go back to where you were, even if you take the CD out.  You won't have to "SEEK" to find your place.  The reader: Paul Michael, brought the whole book to life.  He has a great voice for reading, and changes his voice according to each different character, of which there were many.  However, listening to each character, all of them stand out from the way he uses his voice, even the female characters are done great.  The pace is also great, fast enough to keep you going, but slow enough to be able to take it all in.<br/>If you are looking for the unabridged version of the book, simply do a search for "The Da Vinci Code Unabridged."<br/>Enjoy!
 Ok, let's not forget that this is a work of fiction, and that the author has the right to create a new world of alternate biblical history and religious sensibility.  Responses to the book that only express outrage and censoriousness are just making his point.<br/>However, a piece of literature should have to earn the right to be taken seriously by creating a life-world with some plausibility.  This is particularly true in this case since its pages are suffused with condemnation of the church, orthodox Christianity, and the biblical canon.  But all that Brown gives us to establish his setting is a polemic that panders to every half-baked, crack-pot, sexually repressed spiritual fad currently in vogue.  Yes, it is his right to create such a work, but, if in the process he seeks to destroy belief, he also has the obligation to do a little homework and pursue a little greater consistency.<br/>Did Constantine really select the New Testament canon?  Of course not.  Is there any reason to believe that no one prior to Constantine believed that Christ was God?  To the contrary! Ought we to blame "the church" for having brought into  the the world same devaluations of the female that manifest themselves  in Asian cultures?  That makes no sense. The list can go on--and I'm not even touching on the interpretations of art we have to deal with.<br/>I was really looking forward to this book.  For the first half or so, I thought I could just ignore the non sequiturs and factual errors and not let them get in the way of spoiling a good story.  But after a while, the deceptions just got "in your face."<br/>The author gives every indication of being able to write an alternative religious history that neither offends people nor relies on a cartoon-like version of Christian history.  I would challenge him to do so.
 Not being much for thrillers, I was hesitant to start reading this book.  After the first few chapters, I was riveted and couldn't put it down!<br/>The premise of the plot is the search for the murderer of the curator of the Louvre who was found under extremely suspicious conditions.  It takes off from there into a story filled with riddles, ciphers, and twists in the search for the Holy Grail.  While most people think of the Grail as the cup from which Jesus drank at the last supper (as did I), in this tale, the supposition is quite surprising.  You will learn much about gnosticism, Leonardo DaVinci's works, and goddess worship while you're trying to decipher the clues that lead to the murderer.  More than anything, the story of the Knights Templar, the Opus Dei (both religious organizations), and the search for the lost goddess kept me turning the pages.<br/>I can't recommend this captivating novel enough.  After thinking that it would be nothing special, it's now among my top 10 favorite books - and I read a lot!
 I came late to reading The Da Vinci Code, wondering what the hype was all about. Having read it, I still wonder. This is an enjoyable read, an exciting thriller, and nothing more. Those who criticize the shallowness of the characters ought to realize that this isn't Faulkner and wasn't meant to be. As far as the religious (or anti-religious) message, again, people should lighten up.<br/><br/>All this became fully clear to me when I read Angels &amp; Demons, Brown's earlier book, after I read The Da Vinci Code. The two books are incredibly similar, one might say formulaic. That doesn't detract from their power as thrillers, but it does tell me that the complex religious plots in Da Vinci are no more to be taken seriously than those in Angels. So what if the Priory of Sion doesn't really exist -- something similar occurred in Angels as well.<br/><br/>Brown is a middling-to-good thriller writer who caught lightning in a bottle with the Da Vinci book as far as sales are concerned. But just because a book sells umpteen millions of copies, it doesn't become Dostoyevsky, Proust, or Dickens, and need not be treated as such.
 Two smart women recommended this book to me because, they said, it is about reclaiming the sacred feminine. Even though the dust jacket blurbs do not mention this project, I began the text with excitement and hope. Indeed I found that the sacred femnine echoes - moans, sings, even screams - throughout the text. But once I was a third of the way into the story, I realized once again why feminists often yield to the temptation to assume that no text by a man can be trusted.<br/>  Of 23 characters in the text who appear several times, 19 are men and 4 are women, which is the usual 5:1 ratio I find when I do textual gender analyses. So much for modern progress against sexism. Furthermore, of 9 principal characters who appear throughout the novel and carry the plot line, 1 is female (Sophie Neveu) and 8 are male: Sauniere, Silas, Langdon, Collet, Fache, Aringarosa, Teabing and Vernet.<br/>  Worse is the role given to the female in the text. Sophie provides women's intuition and vulnerability, despite her career path, while the men solve all the code puzzles, take all the risks and protect or threaten her. All of the other females are present only to serve the male charaters and most of them are unnamed. The epitome of this is the woman whose "body was plump, far from perfect" (according to whose gaze??) who facilitated the attainment of the man's moment of orgasmic access to spiritual union. A woman's spiritual union is never mentioned - not once!<br/>  I enjoyed reading the book. I grant the pleasure of its rich tapestry of "facts" and its thick web of thriller features. But, as do other reviewers here, I worry that the hype for the book and the slickness of the story mask for far too many readers the actual non-historical and sacred feminine-bashing project of the text.
 I can not understand what all the fuss is about. This book is over-rated non-original rubbish based loosely around Baigent's "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" which is a much better riveting read.<br/><br/>Although I will admit that hype can lead to great expectations, about half the people that I have spoken to that have read this book agree that it falls far short of expectations. Don't waste your time, if you wan't to know what it is about - watch the movie; shorter and quicker than wading through the drivel of this book. Or if you want to be even better informed, then read "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" which should have been the true best seller through it's originality rather than this poor rip-off...
 This bestseller by Dan Brown has Professor Robert Langdon and policewoman Sophie Noveau solving one puzzle after another in search of the answer to a great mystery that has been kept through the ages by people like leonardo Da Vinci and Victor Hugo.  This novel reads like a text book, with poor characterization and tons of encyclopedia-like explanations of art and symbols.<br/>Brown blurs fact and fiction into a jumbled mess that ultimately strikes at the heart of the Catholic and Christian church.  I don't know if its sacreligious because it is a novel and it does pay token acknowledgement to traditional Christian beliefs.<br/>The book's is its easy acceptance of the dark secret that the Da Vinci code supposedly hides.  If that secret were so obviously true, it would be known by now.  With just a few minutes of research on the internet, you can discover that most of Brown's premises are faulty.  This would normally be okay in a fiction novel, but Brown does little to distinguish this book from a long narration on the history of art and symbols.
 I like a of the ideas put forth in Dan Brown's books.<br/><br/>They're INTERESTING. Something to tickle the imagination, get the brain working a bit, in directions perhaps it does not normally go.<br/><br/>But he's really not a very good writer of fiction.<br/><br/>I read this, all the while thinking that the interesting ideas, in the hands of a competent writer of thrillers, would have really given me a greater pay-off.<br/><br/>His action is not very compelling, there are far too many cliff hangers, and his characters are largely uninteresting or simply not believable.<br/><br/>As a thriller, Da Vinci Code is not very...thrilling.<br/>I certainly had no problem putting the book down each night, which is just not the case when I'm immersed in a well-written thriller.<br/><br/>I could post the same review for his other books, they're all of same quality, writing-wise,  but find this behavior cheesy in others.
 I finished the novel last night, June 1st, 2009.  I'd purchased the hardcover in a thrift shop mainly because I enjoyed the movie quite a bit.  I was curious to see if there would be any more detail in the book.<br/><br/>There is a satisfying amount of extra detail, but I now have new respect for the film's screenwriters: the action of the novel and movie follow pretty much in lock-step.<br/><br/>There are sections of the book left out of the movie that I can see were really unnecessary to the progress of the story.  For example, the cryptex-within-a-cryptex...completely unnecessary.<br/><br/>Then there are parts of the movie that are better than the novel.  For example, having Tom Hanks as Langdon figure out that Sophie Neveu is the direct descendant of Mary Magdalene had more impact than the novel's summary of Sophie's grandmother's story.  And Sir Ian McKellen as Teabing was an inspired choice.  It made reading Teabing's dialog in the novel extra enjoyable, remembering McKellen's terrific performance.<br/><br/>Of course, some of the scenes in the movie were quite contrived: the collection of documents underneath Rosslyn Chapel, for example.  Very unbelievable.<br/><br/>Having seen the movie a couple of times, there certainly were no surprises to be had in the novel, so I could focus more on Brown's style.  I must admit I got a little aggravated during the big scene in Teabing's study where Sophie is bombarded with Grail fact after Grail fact.  Having Sophie punctuate each revelation with a staccato question or exclamation had quite a flat feeling because the device is so overused.<br/><br/>Be that as it may, the novel was enjoyable.  I even went back to read the last couple of chapters today.  That's when I noticed the astronomical errors, two of them.<br/><br/>In chapter 105, "night had fallen", according to Brown.  Langdon is speaking to Marie Chauvel, Sophie's grandmother, and Brown wrote, "Across the open spaces, a new moon was rising above the tree line."  Impossible.  In the evening a new moon would be setting, not rising, since it's so close to the sun.  I thought maybe that everyone had stayed up through the night so that maybe it was close to sunrise and the waning moon (technically, not the new moon) could be rising just before the sun...but Brown writes later that, "The stars were just now appearing".<br/><br/>In that same sentence comes the second error: "The stars were just now appearing, but to the east, a single point of light glowed brighter than any other.  Langdon smiled when he saw it.  It was Venus."  Venus NEVER appears on the opposite side of the sky from the sun.  It can remain in the sky for quite a while after the sun goes down, but always in the western sky, not eastern.<br/><br/>Those errors made me wonder.  So much has been made of the research done by Brown and the factual basis for much of "The Da Vinci Code".  But he sure never looked at the sky very much.<br/><br/>Steve Erbach<br/>Neenah, WI
 Dan Brown writes novels with complicated, often convoluted plots, and The DaVinci Code is no different in that respect. But overall it is the best he has done to date, and its tenure on the bestseller lists attests to that. Unlike "Angels &amp; Demons", which played fast and loose with the thriller genre mixed with irrational science fiction, blended with religious (Catholic) philosophy that just went too far over the top to suspend disbelief, in "the DaVinci Code" Brown lectures less, and writes "to" instead of "down" to his readers. In previous books I have felt he showed off too much, lecturing like a frustrated professor rather than being a story teller. Here he seems to have geared back and found a much better balance to create a truly memorable romp. The writing is dense, but readable, the plot is stellar, and the characters resonate. Definitely, I will be looking forward to the next Dan Brown.
 I have to give Dan Brown credit; he had a great idea for a book.  But he has neither the skill or the ability to carry it out.  I can't find anything in this book that justifies the enormous hype it has received.  The quest for the Holy Grail, and what the Grail actually represents, is fascinating, but Brown tries to wrap it in the stale trappings of a pedestrian whodunit that doesn't do the material justice.  The characters are one-sided and don't really engage us, and the writing is just plain sophomoric.  The idea of Mary Magdalene as the wife of Jesus isn't original with Brown; it's been done much better by other writers, most notably by José Saramago in "The Gospel According to Jesus Christ".  I came away from this book with a deep sense of disappointment.  Brown had a good idea for a book, but somebody else should have written it.
 I read this book in 2 weeks or so, reading during the evenings before going to sleep. The story was something very refreshing at the time it came out the first time, different to other books in the genre.  It kept me turning page after page. If you are a devoted christian you may hate it, since it claims Jesus was married and had children, but still I don't see what is wrong with that, any way, remember that it is just a piece of literature.<br/><br/>I read it because all the media hype caused by the religious controversy. It is an enjoyable reading though, but not the best in the genre, however it has become a classic, a must read, so go for it.<br/><br/>Things I didn't like, is it that at the beginning it seems to put all the blame for the crimes on the Opus Dei creating a lot of controversy and high expectations for a great conspiracy theory, but at the end of the book, he sets them clear by saying that it was only a few rotten apples within them. I believe this was more a political move from the author in order to avoid confrontation with this powerful religious organization.<br/><br/>Some parts of the book are very clever and the book keeps you really interested, some other are a bit dumb, for example, Landon is a genius and an expert deciphering secret codes, but he struggles to read a mirrored text, common, even I was able to  decipher it at a first look, and I'm no expert. But anyway, the other secrets codes are more believable and convincing.<br/><br/>I've read first the book and I saw the movie months later. I must say that I enjoyed the book much more, many details were omitted in the movie, possibly for time constraints.<br/><br/>Conspiracy theories, secret codes, mysteries and extraordinary claims without any evidence at all, but still a fun read, this is"The Da Vinci Code". Give it a try, my score 3.6 starts rounded to 4.
 OK, so this seems to be "THE" book to read right now. And so, hearing the raves (although not from anyone I know personally), I went out and read this one. What a disappointment. The big flaw in this so-called thriller is that Brown doesn't let you in on the solution. He tells you only so much, giving you obscure clues that you could NEVER figure out, introducing clues at the last minute. And giving you an oh-so-pat ending that you feel like throwing the book across the room when you finish it. And the characters are incredibly dumb and unconvincing (a cryptologist that doesn't recognize DaVinci's backwards writing? Gimme a break!). Trust me: spend your time reading something more rewarding. Like, maybe, the National Enquirer?
 So, a few years ago Dan Brown wrote a book called "Angels &amp; Demons" which was the first appearance of our intelligent superhero Robert Langdon. In short, that book talked about a conspiracy related to Vatican, art history, a mysterious organization, and fast-paced action.<br/>The thing about "The DaVinci Code" is that it is an almost exact copy of Brown's previous book. A young, attractive and intelligent girl who's father has been murdered and who helps our beloved protagonist. A mind-boggling conspiracy spanning several centuries and involving some of the brightest minds of our history. A disarming and, let's face it, interesting array of facts and trivia about art, history, symbology and life in general. If you take all of these pieces and put them together the result should be a satisfying thriller, but despite being thrilled and  excited throughout the whole ride, neither of Brown's books can be called satisfying when you finally close the book.<br/>To me both of these books are like parts of a James Bond-like series. A series that is meant to be more intelligent than the adventures of double-0-seven, but as action packed and as filled with themes of world domination/destruction. Brown manages to pull the more intelligent part off nicely but his characters are not 3D enough for us to care and his storylines are too twisty to feel real. And believe me when I tell you that Brown's talent as a writer isn't helping much.<br/>All in all this book is an entertaining read but the right course of obtaining this would be borrowing from a friend.
 A marvel of a book that perfectly blends the art of entertainment with wonderous, albeit theoretic, conclusions. I've read past reviews about this book being outlandish and completely out of line and all I have to say to those commentaries is: Get A Life! Well schooled in history, especially ancient history, I have only come to one factual conclusion in my life - that history is imperfect. Brown said it well himself, and I paraphrase, 'history is regurgitated fables that contstantly replay themselves.' If this is true, if history is indeed imperfect and merely blurred sketches of real truth, then isn't it safe to say that nothing is pristine - nothing is void of error? There are many instances where Brown might take some poetic license, but when he discusses the issue of women - he's dead on. His pagan and Native American (or tribal) research and how they respected women as great contributors to that perfect balance, (ying/yang), is well documented in many respected historical texts. I'm afraid that some of our devout Christian readers would like to 'turn the other cheek' when it comes to women's suffering and how it relates to the Church, but the truth is the Church very much fostered centuries of the feminine banishment from civilization (i.e: Salem). Being a man of faith myself, I personally cannot be swayed from believing in a higher power, however, I welcome all challenges knowing that I am only human and admittedly no squat when it comes to this immense universe we all share. Logically, it makes sense that we all came from 'some' kind of higher source, but acting like I definitely know what that source is just underlines how human I truly am. So for all you Bible beaters out there take notice, the Bible was written by man, man himself is imperfect (the Good Book would be the first to admit to that!), so the question begs - isn't the Bible somewhat imperfect? And if so, how is Brown any more misguided? I mean, he is a man - who wrote a book.
 Davinci Code had an interesting beginning. I liked how he drew the reader in with his introduction of the curator, langdon, the bishop and albino. Initially engrossing, but BEWARE, the last two thirds drag. He regurgitates a good deal of his plot twists as the novel wears on. I had his 'twists' and characters figured chapters ahead of time. I even guessed the last cryptic clue APPLE pages and pages before Langdon figured it out. These characters with their Ivy league PhD's should be able to outsmart me - but they didn't!<br/><br/>As far as the religious controversy. Any intelligent, practicing Christian takes it with a grain of salt. Obviously, those most vulnerable to this kind of tripe are people of little faith, minimal worship and study of Christianity. Brown is so repetitive in his love of pagan rituals, sun dieties, and feminine goddess garble that it turns the reader off completely. He seems to be writing for a less intelligent audience. Why else would an author insist on such redundancy unless he felt his audience wasn't smart enough to grasp his message the first time around? Yawn.<br/><br/>Overall, I'd give the first 150 pages four stars. Brown could have easily shaved off 100 of the last 200 pages and still made this a pretty good read. The last third (two stars at best) really dragged on and the ending was highly predictible (if your inferencing skills go beyond a third grade level).
 When I saw that this book had made the cover of Newsweek (and what the attending stories were about), I was a little intrigued.  When I saw that it had been on the bestseller list for so long, I decided it was worth a look.  Well, I read the whole thing, and I have to agree with the other reviewer who found the purple prose simply awful.  The ideas about the Holy Grail were interesting but the story did an awful job of carrying the information.  Nicely researched, but this guy could have used a co-writer or a literate editor/reader.<br/>On the other hand, it was a (formulaic) page turner, and I can see it making a pretty easy transition to the movies -- probably what the author had at the back of his mind.  I'll recommend my friends wait for the video. So if beach reading is what you're picking this book up for, go to town.  You could easily do worse.  If you're looking for a great presentation of a scholarly idea, I'd suggest looking the Holy Grail or Mary Magdalene up in the non-fiction section of the library.  You'll probably get as interesting a read and certainly more brain food.
 I don't know which is worse, Brown's writing or the fact that he based the book on something that was proven to be a total hoax.  It boogles the mind that Brown stands behind the material as factual when there is direct evidence that story was a hoax.  If you do any real background research, you'll find out quickly that the Priory of Scion was an organization created by 3 Frenchmen in the 1950's.  The individuals who pulled this prank freely admit they did this as a joke and never expected it to go so far.  Enter Dan Brown, a second class writer who falls for a previously disclosed hoax.  I cannot believe that so many people (mainly Americans) bought right in to an openly fabricated story.  On top of the story being completely fictional, the writing style is dreadful.  Do yourself a favor and read something by a legitimate writer, you'll be better entertained.
 Wow, nearly 3500 reviews of this book on Amazon. That says something for its impact. For a book that breathlessly seeks to combine a thriller with a broad rethinking of some of the most sacred Christian beliefs, that is indeed something. Imagine telling someone in 1980 that the hottest book of the future would be about ancient Christian relics, codes, art history, and symbology?<br/><br/>Many have already noted the books "tell-all, leave-the-reader-to-imagine-nothing" style of storytelling, and many dismiss the theories brought up by the book. It's true that the conspiracy-style theorizing is sometimes inconsistent -- for example, the book argues that the Romans adopted Christianity to shore up their empire and that they expunged the goddess-worshipping aspects of early Christianity, even though the Emperor Constantine was a goddess-worshipper himself (huh?).<br/><br/>Less often noted is perhaps a key to the book's appeal: the dizzying allure of re-imagining everything you think you know. What if the man known as Jesus Christ did have a family, and hence a bloodline? What if there were relics that cast new light on this old story, that may show that Mary Magdelene was the wife of Jesus, etc. Of course, these stories are so entrenched in the human imagination that no proof, no matter how incontrovertible, could erase them. But it's fascinating to ponder, and perhaps it is a clue to a new kind of Christianity that is emerging, one less reliant on dogma, and more open to interpretation, to each person's experience of the sacred.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, this book, like the secret societies it features, fall into a curious kind of spiritual materialism in thinking that some object, like an ancient cup, holds the key to anything important. The Holy Grail is clearly a metaphor for the human heart -- the sacred vessel which holds the essence, the blood, the holiest of holies, that which has always been, and will always be: the light of the soul. Searching for this grail leads one within oneself, not to some musty old church basement.
 Enough has been said about the text of the Da Vinci Code in the years since its original release to fill many volumes (many of which can be purchased here at Amazon, as well!), so there's no need to retread the same old ground.  Our focus here is this beautifully wrought special edition.  Unlike many 'collector's' editions, this one really does make the experience of reading the novel richer.  The many photographs and other illustrations of the various landmarks, symbols and works of art in this volume provide another dimension, illuminating an already powerful story and providing some subtle scenery for the mind-movie that is this excellent novel.  Also, if you are, as I am, the kind of reader who is interested in esoteric Christianity and in history that is free from the dogma and exploitative propaganda of both the Catholic church and its major, protestant offshoots beyond the casual level, this edition of the Da Vinci Code makes an excellent companion to the equally lovely illustrated edition of Holy, Blood, Holy Grail (also available here at Amazon), the book that started the modern fuss over 'Mr. and Mrs. Christ' in the first place.<br/><br/>  Sincerely,<br/><br/>  Julien S. Walden<br/><br/>  Assistant to W. Wilson
 A gruesome murdur in the Louvre, hidden clues to an earth shattering secret, set the pace for a night long quest for Robert Langdon and Sophie, a symbologist and cryptographer respectively.  Langdon is being pursued as a suspect while Sophie is blamed as an accomplice in his escape.  And they must evade the police while desperately trying to solve a mystery of histrionic proportions.  Oh, I loved it.  A thorough mix of thrilling events, with calmer moments of historic and scientific explanations to some very esoteric subjects.<br/>One naturally wanted to see everything wrapped up in a tight little package in the end, but the type of mind boggling material<br/>presented was not a subject easily dispensed of. Far out fiction for sure, though Dan Brown made a real case for putting religious history into new perspective.  Well written, and easy to follow, (unlike some mystery/thrillers that can be confusing to the reader) this book deserves it's status on the best sellers lists.
 This summer's hot bestseller is fast-paced, well-written and fun--just take it all with a grain of salt! Create a rather tweedy American professor, a gorgeous red-headed Italian detective and a bizarre murder, and you have the stuff of hundreds of mysteries--but toss in the current fad for art-related novels ("Girl with the Pearl Earring") and interest in the seamier side of Catholicism, and you have a winner! The "DaVinci Code" presents a timeless theme, the search for the Holy Grail, as a search to uncover the truth about the sacred feminine in Catholicism, which the male dominated establishment Church has supressed for centuries. Brown's introductory footnote regarding the truth of much of the material in the novel overstates his case--even the most cursory search on the internet suggests that the facts are highly disputed, Brown's interpretations of Leonardo's work hardly mainstream, and even the existence of a group like the Priory of Sion is a lot murkier than the novel suggests. Much has been written about factual inaccuracies in the book--"The Last Supper" is not a fresco for example, and the "Madonna of the Rocks" is painted on wood, not canvas.<br/>But never mind--it's a great read. The book will send you to the library to look at some of Leonardo's works again, and I'm sure there's already a big increase in tourists at Rosslyn Chapel in England and St. Sulpice in Paris, not to mention the Lourve. The action incredibly takes place all in 24 hours, and at the end all the villians but one get let off the hook in a rather simplistic conclusion, but don't let that spoil the fun. Brown has hit on a winning formula---one we're sure to see at the movies soon!
 This is the book that got me back into reading for pleasure.  I feel like the characters were perfect for the situations in the book.  The puzzle and mystery in the book is so interesting and compelling that you can't help but research all of the possibilities that Dan Brown presents.  The pace is never slow and I was never bored, and even though I have seen the movie since reading The DaVinci Code, I'm still not bored of any of the premise or plot twists.  I think the historical value alone is worth picking up the book--how many conspiracies and twists truly exist?
 Let me start off by saying that I read the plain hardcover version of "The Da Vinci Code," but this website, for some reason, has not accepted any reviews written after May 29, 2005.  An illustrated version sounds like a good idea, and I will browse through one as soon as I spot it in the bookstore.<br/><br/>On my last vacation, I noticed that half the crowd was reading one Dan Brown book or another, so I decided to get on board by reading "Angels and Demons" followed by the "The Da Vinci Code," which both chronicle the adventures of Robert Langdon, part Harvard Professor symbologist (with a sub-specialty in secret societies), and part Indiana Jones.  The beautiful, lithe and brilliant Vittoria of "Angels" is now replaced by the equally beautiful, lithe and brilliant Sophie Neveu, top-rate French criminologist.  The books both follow the same basic formula: plenty of cliff-hangers, good guys who are really bad, and suspicious ornery guys who are really good.<br/><br/>In short, in "The Da Vinci Code," an albino monk, a member of Opus Dei -- a secret Catholic offshoot where the leaders flog themselves and wear barbed wire anklets (I realize there's more to it than that)-- has been ordered by the "Teacher" to murder the top members of the Priory of Scion, another secret society, which alone holds the key to the real history of Jesus' life and early Christianity.  Its military branch, Knights Templar, now long defunct, has hidden the Holy Grail, which is not a chalice (or cup of any sort) but rather secret documents revealing the importance of Mary Magdalene in the Jesus story.  Before he is murdered, The most important member of the Priory, Jacques Sauniere (Sophie's grandfather who raised her after the death of her parents) leaves clues for Sophie and Robert to find the Grail, so that the "true" story of Jesus might not be lost.  Some of these clues are revealed in the greatest works of Leonardo Da Vinci, who himself was once the top dog of the Priory (hence the title of the book).  Sophie hasn't spoken to her poor grandfather in years, after she observed him taking part in a Paganistic ritual, symbolically "joining" Father and Mother Earth.  Other, more thinly drawn characters also figure into the plot.  As in "Angels," the chapters are short, most ending in a cliff-hanger or a surprising revelation.  Pages are turned quickly as the reader races to reach a resolution.  I guessed the identity of the Teacher early on, not because I'm particularly insightful, but because I think I understand how Brown creates plot (actually, later in the book, I changed my mind about the Teacher's identity, having been misled by the private thoughts of a character who actually knew who he was, which I felt was somewhat dishonest on the author's part).<br/><br/>Dan Brown is a fairly proficient thriller writer.  What makes him so popular, I believe, is that he tackles big and provocative issues such as the "true" life and teachings of Jesus, the nature of the Vatican and Catholicism, and world-wide conspiracies led by super secret societies.  Just from browsing the other day in a book store, I think it's obvious that other writers will now attempt to copy Brown by dealing with these subjects as well.<br/><br/>In conducting some research on some of the claims in "The Da Vinci Code" I learned that Brown often relies on questionable unscholarly sources.  For instance, although most scholars agree that the figure to the immediate right of Jesus in Da Vinci's "Last Supper" is the Apostle John, Brown claims it's definitely Mary Magdalene, relying on sources who come up with their "theories" largely on pure speculation.  It's certainly interesting, but what is it really based on?  At one point, the book claims that, in a three hundred year period, the Catholic Church put to death five million women, by burning them at the stake, for being guilty of one kind of heresy or another.  Shouldn't a highly disturbing and controversial claim like this be thoroughly documented?  It's my understanding that this number is probably wildly inflated (although, for certain, any number is unacceptable).<br/><br/>As a non-Christian, I agree with Brown's assessment that there seems to be a profound disconnect between the teachings of Jesus according to the New Testament (i.e. anti-accumulation of wealth, forgive the sinner, turn the other cheek) as compared with the later practices of the Catholic Church, especially during Medieval times.  Brown's overall theme seems to be that women were considered far more important in early Christianity (as influence by Paganism) which later developed into a male-dominated religion that subjugated women.  However, many cultures and religions throughout history have, unfortunately, subjugated women, including various forms of "Paganism."<br/><br/>In the end, I appreciate that "The Da Vinci Code" has made me think about these issues.  The problem is the slew of books that will follow by less talented writers who re-interpret some major religion or piece of history without any factual basis, or claim some massive conspiracy by some secret society that has little influence in the real world.
 I really enjoyed this book, which is not a casual comment from a person who hasn't read a work of fiction in 10 years! The author's skill draws the reader in almost immediately, and bit by bit, ever so slowly, he peels away the layers of mystery surrounding the murder of the curator of the Louvre, who as it turns out was the leader of an ancient order with a most fascinating purpose.<br/>No doubt, True Believers may find this work blasphemous, but certainly the blending of fact and fantasy here makes for a wonderful mystery and raises lots of interesting questions.<br/>I fully plan on reading another book by Dan Brown before another decade of nonfiction passes.
 Congratulations go to Dan Brown for writing a terrible book.<br/><br/>I decided to read this book because so many praised it so highly.<br/>To start: I couldn't care less about any controversial claims the book makes. It has no impact on the review.<br/><br/>My issue with the book is how poorly it's written. I can't believe this isn't Mr. Brown's first book. The sentences are short and choppy, and the characters are flat and boring.<br/><br/>Of course it wouldn't be an awful book without its factual errors. I'm not talking about the controversy about Jesus' baby. I'm talking about basic facts. For example, his incorrect translation of latin. And I know there were several more inaccuracies, but it's been years since I've read the book, so I've, thankfully, forgotten most of them. For those who say critics treat the content too harshly and give it too high of a factual expectation, that's ridiculous.<br/><br/>Mr. Brown presents his book in our world, so the facts should line up. If he presented it in an alternate reality, then sure, some of the facts could be different. When an author tries so hard to make his main character (obviously an attempt of placing himself into his novel) intelligent and fills a book with meaningless, out-of-place facts about symbology and fails to accurately represent them, it's a disgusting failure.<br/><br/>It's like he decided he wanted readers to think he was really smart and hoped they were stupid enough to not fact check.<br/><br/>On top of that, the portrayal of the female character was insulting. She was treated as that pretty thing who is kind of smart sometimes when it doesn't make the men look bad.<br/>He treats the reader just as bad at times.<br/>I'm paraphrasing, but I seem to recall this one part that read: What many people don't realise is the cross people wear and celebrate was actually the tool used to kill Christ.<br/><br/>Wow. Thanks for that.<br/><br/>If you want to act superior to your readers, that's fine, but just make sure you have the intelligence to back it up.<br/><br/>Thankfully, I managed to get rid of this book by placing it on the counter of the apartment I was leaving with a bottle of whiskey. Hopefully the next person reading it had more fun with it than I did.
 The arrogant hero uses every breathless adverb in his arsenal and invents a few to tell us all he knows about the Louvre on his way to a murder. He is stunned and amazed so many times in the first 40 pages, I kept wondering why author was trying so hard to boost the  juice in the narrative. Would you just get to the murder and stop telling us that three Eiffel Towers laid on their side equals . . . (Sorry, that's a cliffhanger.)<br/>But I admit I was already turned off by this story in the first two pages. Because the albino villain (and fear not, Brown will stop his story, just as I am stopping mine to explain the origin of the word, villain) went to the murder scene intending to commit murder with only one bullet in the clip of his pistol. That was so he could shoot his victim only once in the stomach and not use the second shot to the head to finish him. Because if he finished him, the guy wouldn't have time to leave behind all his clues for the arrogant hero to find. Please. Not another Dan Brown story in which every major plot point turns on the stupidity of a major character. (Digital Fortress was another one. In that story a brilliant guy lets himself get deked by another brilliant guy who . . .) Sorry, that's another cliffhanger. Get used to it in this guy's books.<br/>So then, although he has a second clip on him, the villain still does not finish the job. He just walks away like one of those villains in the campy Batman TV shows. Please, please.<br/>By page fifty, I was wishing the villain wasn't so stupid. That he had used a second bullet to put this book out of its misery right from the start. I haven't walked out of a novel in a long time. I'm just glad I borrowed this turkey from the library. It's going back unread.
 This book is a fast paced adventure that was researched quite well.  There is some conspiracy element to it, but it is written in such a way as to not detract from the readability of the book.  The puzzles, the suspense, and the art history make it a thoroughly entertaining read.  I, like other reviewers, found myself doing research tied to what was in this book - everything in the book was tied to reality.  After the Da Vinci Code, you may want to read Angels &amp; Demons, which I actually enjoyed more - it has an element of science that makes you ask yourself "Could that really happen?"<br/>If you have ever been to the Louvre in Paris, you will know that Mr. Brown's descriptions are exactly right.  I was able to visit the Louvre for a quick look back in 2002 and the book described a lot of the things that I saw.  Da Vinci Code gives you inside information on the Louvre, while Angels &amp; Demons gives you inside information about Vatican City.  I read this book faster than any book I have read in the past - so beware, you may want to start on a weekend when sleepless nights are more easily tolerated.
 I really would not have been surprised if one of Dan Brown's woefully inane characters made a similar statement.<br/>The Davinci Code is an incredulous monument to ignorance, sensationalism, and utterly graceless writing. The latter fault is the biggest crime foisted upon the reading public. It astounds me when people laud this book as "well-written," when his style is virtually indistinguishable from that of any book from the Hardy Boys series. The characters are not compelling or even remotely likeable, and the "plot" is rammed down the reader's throat with no sense of aesthetic or pacing. It has the same intellectual and spiritual benefits as listening to the massacre of a litter of kittens at a high decibel. It reads not like a true novel, rather like a pitch for a made-for-TV movie.<br/>Yet Brown's mockery of good taste does not end with childish storytelling or wooden language. Much of his history is suspect as well. While I will not pretend to know everything about the subject, what I do know about history conflicts with Brown's interpretation. It's not that Brown outright lies, rather misunderstands facts or takes them out of context. For example, he claims that Constantine was a die-hard pagan who only converted at his death-bed. Nevertheless, baptism on one's death-bed was the modus operandi for Christianity at the time; the thinking being that since baptism completely washes away one's sins and is a one-time only deal, being baptised moments before death was the best way to ensure eternal paradise. Thus, Constantine was like virtually every other Christian at the time. This is only one example of Brown's shallow understanding of history.<br/>This book is a complete waste of time. Not only does it lack in any artistic merit, but its history is suspect, and moreover does not even have "entertainment value." If you're looking for entertainment, check out Monty Python.
 As every other reviewer will tell you, the Da Vinci code was an amazing story.  As other reviewers will attest, if you like a good detective story where anybody can be the villian, this is a great book.<br/>But there was an issue I had with the book which, while not ruining the book for me, it could catch you by surprise and should be pointed out before reading this.  The thing is, the story strongly goes against Christianity and in order to follow the investigation of the book, you have to make some assumptions that what you learned in sunday school was wrong.  I'm not saying don't buy the book (I did give it four stars) but at least be aware that you may have to deal with it as you read it.  That aside, enjoy!
 OK - I too heard a lot of good things about this book, and it does well at two things.  (1) The story hooks you quickly within the first couple of pages, and (2) The mesh of religious &amp; artistic symbolism and "what it all means" is intriguing, even if somewhat off historically (so I've heard).<br/>My biggest problem with this book is that the ending negates the whole plot.  Let's just say that that whole thriller part of the plot revolves around the frantic effort to maintain information (or a secret) before it's "lost to the world".  But when you get to the story's end, you find out that there were others all along who were guarding the secret/aware of the situation, so really, our protaganist's efforts throughout the whole book were not required, not necessary, and didn't really change anything.<br/>So what's the point?
 Un roman envoûtant, Da Vinci code vous plonge dans une intrigue intelligente qui vous fera parcourir les siècles afin de mettre au jour les plus grands mystères de l'occident.<br/>Bien qu'il soit bien pensé, Da Vinci code ne recherche pas à réécrire l'histoire de l'art de façon érudite.  Ce n'est pas un livre savant, mais tout bêtement, un roman divertissant qui s'inspire de faits historiques pour les réinventer dans un récit plein d'imagination.  Ainsi, si vous recherchez une critique d'art, lisez "Introduction à la méthode de Léonard de Vinci" de Paul Valéry.  Si vous désirez tout simplement passer un bon weekend à lire un thriller fun, vous voilà bien servi!
 I have heard some people comment in regards to criticism of this book by saying, "It is fiction; you just need to take it as fiction."  The declaration at the beginning of the novel implying that the background is based on historical data is completely misleading.  The reader of this book may need to read it as fantasy or science fiction. Certainly don't think of this book as a murder mystery set in a historical fiction novel. It might be an interesting read but the reader would feel that the story is completely nonsensical and not worth their time.  Yes, it is fictional writing, but a story usually has characters move about in a world which has some semblance of reality unless it's fantasy or science fiction. The theories that the characters talk about are grossly concluded.  Not only are the conclusions bad, but the inferences that are supposedly in these documents does not mesh with their actual content. This "mystery/thriller" is not worth the time.
 The first Dan Brown book I read was Angels and Demons and I LOVED it! Every other book after that has been pretty much exactly the same thing. His plots pretty much don't change at all - only the setting and main characters. I've read all of his books so far (except the newest one The Lost Symbol) and I only really liked Angels and Demons and Digital Fortress.<br/><br/>That being said, The Davinci Code was the most boring of all of his books so far. I only read it to see what everyone was so angry about. It sucked. Then they made it into a movie that sucked more than the book did.<br/><br/>Very disappointing.
 What a page-turner! But even more than that, the book gets the reader to question the unquestionable.  Not to give anything away,even though half the world has either read the book or seen the not very good movie (which was a shame),  but I had no idea where the book wwas headed when I read it on the recommendation of a friend while  it was still only available in  hardcover. I not only found the book hard to put down, but when I was forced to deal with the more mundane aspects of life (like my job and showing up for meals), I couldn't wait to get back to it. Granted, the use of Langdon and Sophie and the others where necessary to move the reader along to the Big Mystery at the novel's core, I was swept along in their search right from page one. And when I discovered the Secret, I was blown away.  Like most others, I had accepted  most of the precepts called into question; to have all that set on its ear was not only a great read, it was a revelation. Now, I hope I haven't given anything away for the 5 people out there who haven't come in contact with this book. It's a great read; it's a great mysery dealing with the greatest mystery of them all.  It may even shake your foundation.
 I read this book in two days.  I found it fun, entertaining, enlightening and a great read. One of the fun things about it is the book is full of riddles and puzzles.  When I came to them in the story I tried to solve them before reading on.  Some were simply impossible because they were based on locations or situations within the text but others were approachable.  It really was thrilling to arrive at an answer, read a few more pages and see if your solution was the "right" one.  I got pretty lucky and solved a couple of them.<br/>Additionally, because the book is based on historical data it open up new possibilites for the reader to explore while or after reading the book.  So have fun, learn a few things and pick up this book.
 The Da Vinci Code really made me think.  I couldn't put the book down.  I'm an art teacher and I found myself looking up historical concepts on the computer as well as pulling out my art history books.  This book was really exciting because it had a great secret that had to be solved.  I was compelled to try and figure out the code.  I kept thinking about what was going to happen next.  There were many twists and turns and I can't wait to read another book by Dan Brown.  He is clever, entertaining and thought provoking with a dash of mischievousness.  This was a great way to start my summer vacation.  I'm telling all my friends about it because I want to talk with them after they read it!  If you like mystery, history, conspiracy and puzzles you will love this book and appreciate the author's unique style of writing.
 Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is in Paris attending a conference where he was to have met Jacques Sauniere, curator of the Louvre, but the eccentric curator failed to keep their appointment.  Latter that night Langdon is pulled from sleep by the French equivalent of the FBI, it seems Jacques Sauniere has been murdered and left a cryptic message on the floor of the museum and on his own body.  The police seem to want Langdon's skills as a symbologist to crack the case completely unaware that he is the prime murder suspect.<br/>Enter Sophie Neveu, a cryptologist, a woman as intelligent as she is beautiful and, as it happens, granddaughter of the murdered curator. She believes that not only is Langdon is innocent but he is in danger.  Together they flee the scene and begin work on solving the murder of Jacques Sauniere.  The clues Sophie's grandfather left behind will lead the couple on an unparallel treasure hunt across Europe and the last two thousand years.  Their investigations lead them through secret societies, power hungry villains, and some of the most famous pieces of art and architecture of the last thousand years.  All to discover the hiding place of the Holy Grail.  Where the grail is however is secondary to WHAT the grail is and each question answered leads only to another question.  Mr. Brown takes all these elements and weaves them together with Leonardo DaVinci, Sir Isaac Newton and the Vatican itself.  Where does the trail lead? To places unexpected to be sure.  Sophie and Robert are never sure just how deep the rabbit hole really is.  Every time they believe they are on solid ground Mr. Brown pulls the carpet out from under them and the find themselves plunging deeper into the complexities of the mystery itself.<br/>In the middle of the book the characters examine DaVinci's famous fresco "The Last Supper" I was compelled to find a picture to see for myself what Mr. Brown was asserting about the figures in the painting.  Upon looking at the painting I was awe struck that Mr. Brown was indeed correct and I was left to wonder just how I had missed what is so plainly obvious.  You would do well to have a copy of this famous painting along with others by DaVinci to see for yourself just how well the clues fit together.<br/>Spending an afternoon in the reference section of the library I found that the assertions Mr. Brown puts fourth in his book regarding early Christianity, the Holy Grail and the many secret societies are based on facts and not fictions at all.  This itself makes the book all the more compelling and the paranoia he laces into his work all the more real.<br/>Dan Brown's earlier novel, "Angels and Demons", featured the same protagonist, Robert Langdon. Like the previous book, "The DaVinci Code" is a well-researched thriller and Brown manages to educate without losing too much pacing. "The DaVinci Code" is a great history lesson about ancient Christianity and matters related to The Holy Grail.
 This book will spark a good conspiracy theory and like most of the 4.3 million readers of this book you'll like it too....First off great book very well written - great plot - and a very original story - the climax was good but if you read it throughly (as the book makes you) you kinda of figure it out..You don't figure out the ending until its too late (but the whole name change was a given). I was dumbfounded to find that the answer all along was given in his draft. I must say that there is alot of facts especially about christianity, and secret societies in the book....Which of course this is a novel but he seperates them very very well. Some people said this book is very anti-catholic - which even though I am not, I did think so until the last 3-4 chapters where well I don't want to give it a way of course but I will say not so much so... Lastly you can buy it at overstock.com for $12.00 or you could a week ago.....Enjoy!
 I realize that with over a 1000 reviews for this book that mine probably won't actually get read. If you've read the book- or plan to- please take note that all the "bad guys" are disabled. Filled with words like "crippled" and "outcast" its so demeaning, I am a person with a disability and I found myself insulted and squirming with the horrible rhetoric and descriptions of having a physical difference. However you feel about the political, religious or feminist nature of this book- it really is just another blockbuster the perpuates that people with disabilities, can't handle there situation and are so emotionally vurnerable that they fall prey to evil, or are just plain diabolitcally evil to begin with. In the end- it is all caused by the selfish anger, greediness, and misguided faith of people with disabilities! How narrow minded can you be. Just think for a moment if the villians were jews, or black, or gay, or substitute another group- its like we've time traveled back to a Peter Lorre type character, hunched over and lurching in the bushes. I worry that the popularity of this book will brush over its fundemental problem, I hope a few people will stop, and think about how damaging this type of genre stereotyping is to people who are disabled This type of dressed up pulp fiction needs to come up with a little more complex character development. We've surpassed the days when its okay to paint the disabled person, who, unhappy with his lot in life, becomes either the ever faithful assistant (yes master, mea copa) to an able bodied genius, thankful for the crumbs tossed to him or the eccentric "cripple" academic whose secret plot is to take over the world. It worked for Dickens, Hugo, H.G.Wells and Marvel, leave that to the comic books- and give the world of disability a break and join us in the 21st century- you have a powerful medium to make a difference in the world. Use it for good and not to continue this blatant "ablism" that separates people, and excludes people from equal treatment in society.
 Catholic church has denied the ultimate truth and sealed the greatest mystery behind Vatican's doors; the Mary's blood line and cover up of her relationship to Jesus. Gift wrapped in a religious sect chase for Holy Grail and its secrets. Dot by dot clues everywhere waiting to be solved, exotic locations to visit, romance at Paris, mystic Opus Dei religious sect and everybody is on chase or being chased.<br/><br/>Rewrite history and you have bestseller that sold million of copies worldwide. The book is fun, but far away from any masterpiece. If the reader knows any history of Europe, the religious dogmas and early ears of Christianity, it will be a little hard to dwell into the writer's world of clues.<br/><br/>The historical elements are incoherent and may cause reader to keep distracted about the made conclusions. Brown's historical bricks to build the house stands on rumors (represented as facts), imaginative connections (unreal facts) and bold connections (bloodline) to seal the plot. The religious issues are subjected to pot of hodgepodge where all ingredients, regardless of their real historical backgrounds, are stirred and boiled. It seems well calculated to consider the reader to be unfamiliar with the tenets that the book knots together. Undoubtedly many are exited by the conclusions and conspiracy theories drawn.<br/><br/>One (1) star. The idea is interesting, but the prose used in the book reads like a movie transcription (which it did). Characters are cardboard thin because constant "on move" drive is the leading force. If one is unfamiliar with the history of Europe and Christianity, the reader will get a ride of a lifetime. For those readers this book might be 3 stars.
 From the very first chapter to the last, Dan Brown delivers a tale of intrigue, murder, and suspense that keeps you glued to the pages.  It took me a while to get to this book because I thought it would be too time consuming and require more from me than I was willing to give.  I was wrong, dead wrong.  I actually found it to be a fast and furious read.  Once you start, be prepared to be pre-occupied with the characters and the story's progression until you read the very last word.  My 16 year old daughter read it at my insistence and has been recommending it to her friends every chance she gets.<br/><br/>I have found a new favorite author and look forward to catching up on his previous works.  Dan Brown has a style that captures your imagination and brings you so deep within the pages, you end up feeling as though you were an active participant, not just a spectator.
 Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist, receives an urgent phone call while staying in Paris. The police contact him regarding the murder of Jacques Saunière, curator of the Louvre, who, before dying, leaves a series of clues hidden in Da Vinci's works for Langdon and Sophie Neveu, a French cryptologist, to find.<br/>Together they piece the clues to reveal the secret left behind by Saunière. However, seeing Langdon's name written out at the scene of the crime by the victim himself makes him the prime suspect in the murder investigation.<br/>The novel is well written in general and filled with fascinating information about Da Vinci and the Priory of Sion. Whether these details are accurate or not, I wouldn't know, but they make for such a fascinating backdrop to the story that I didn't care. I wanted to believe it was true. But this might keep purists or serious art buffs from getting into the art world described by the author. Dan Brown has written a very entertaining novel and, after having read it, I understand why it has been on the Top 10 list for over 40 weeks. Some of the story lines are quite predictable and you will see the inevitable pages before the author gets to it, but luckily none of these elements are part of the main storyline.<br/>I can't recommend this book enough.
 How long has this book been out? How long have I managed to avoid reading it?  So then what happens? A quiet evening at a friend's house and nothing to read, I cave in, I crumble. I must read. I am a reader. I read cereal boxes. I read receipts. So I read "The da Vinci Code."  To make it a complete treat, it's the Special Illustrated Edition.  Oh joy.  This man does not need a review from me. He's made his millions no matter what I think. But here I am anyway, soon to be pushed out of sight by all the other reviews coming along after me. Ok. Calm down. First, take all the deepy darky "mystery" away (Grails, bloodlines, secret societies, Leonardo's paintings) and what we have here is a mediocre thriller that could have been written by any number of jobbing hacks and sold in hundreds of airport lounges all over the world. Flat, dull, short chapters for ever shorter attention spans...where is Agatha Christie when you need her? Dame Agatha could have taken this whole thing and made the puzzle of a lifetime out of it. I'm not even going to bother with the code and the Templars and the French who call Jesus greatgreatgreatgreatgreatgreat-grandpap and as for Leonardo, I leave the poor man in peace. Besides, whole tomes have been written in rebuttal. Are still being written in rebuttal from all angles. Nope. What I get out of all this is the terrible need we each of us have to touch something meaningful again...something our churches have long denied us, or have lost themselves over the long years of playing politics with people's hearts--not to mention, souls. We are so needy we make a sort of icon out of a bit of hack work, talk about it endlessly. But what the hey. Brown's doggerel is sending a lot of people on journeys they might never have taken. They're looking for God again. They're looking for the Goddess. One place to find Her is in a book I cannot praise highly enough: Ki Longfellow's "The Secret Magdalene." If Brown's efforts lead to books like this book, I forgive his every hackneyed word.
 Dan Brown is on to something and he has done a very good job of writing an intelligent, thinking-man's action story.  In fact, he does so good a job, that many actually come away from this story with the belief that they've also read an analysis on historical documents and events (they have not).  The plot revolves around solving a murder in the Louvre that takes the protagonist on a journey around France and London, solving clues and learning about secret religious orders in pursuit of the location of the holy grail.  DaVinci Code elevates the concept of action novel to a new level.  It will get most readers to think about religions in a new way and it will potentially change the way we look at the impact of religions on the world we live by showing us the possibilities.  But let's not get carried away.  This is an exciting, well-written novel, and (for page-turning, make you think about new possibilities, well-done thinking person's action), it is on a par with Michael Crichton, Anne Rice, and others.  This book came highly recommended and it did not disappoint.  Just make sure you don't try to come off like some kind of expert on religion when you're done.  Some of the concepts Brown uses to put his story together are highly disputed and not necessarily subject to verification.
 First, the good things about this book: it's fast paced and well written. The mystery elements are engaging.<br/>For Christian readers-- or even non-Christians who prefer an honest intellectual debate-- the enjoyment of these assets may be forestalled by strong negative stereotyping of both the Christian characters and the faith. The main Christian characters are, in order of appearance:<br/>- A murderous thug (page 1)<br/>- A shadowy power-broker, akin to the X-Files "Cigarette Man" (page 12)<br/>- An honest but merciless police captain, like Javert in Les Mis (page 20)<br/>- A wealthy and unscrupulous bishop, motivated by power (page 28)<br/>It is the non-Christian characters (several of whom are goddess-worship afficionados) who exhibit the intelligence, resoursefulness, and daring to discover the truth despite the suppressive efforts and persecution of the aforementioned Christians.<br/>The faith itself also comes under direct attact at times, most prominently in a lengthy section from pages 230-250. The discussion draws heavily on teachings of the Jesus Seminar. Many of the more controversial statements are presented, not as attributed theories with supporting evidence, but as prima facie historical facts. Some exerpts:<br/>- "The Bible is a product of man, my dear. Not of God." (page 231)<br/>- "Nothing in Christianity is original." (page 232)<br/>- "It was all about power... the early Church literally stole Jesus from His original followers, hijacking His human message, shrouding it in an impenetrable cloak of divinity." (page 233)<br/>- "Almost everything our fathers taught us about Christ is false." (page 235)<br/>- "Behold... the greatest cover-up in human history. Not only was Jesus Christ married, but he was a father. My dear, Mary Magdalene was the Holy Vessel." (page 249)<br/>For those who hold the Church as an organ primarily of power, violence and deceipt, this book with make comfortable reading, in the vein of Umberto Eco's "The Name of the Rose". For the rest of us, the central ideas fit uncomfortably into a novel; space requires they be simply layed out as exposition, without evidence or discussion. Especially for the Christian, it makes the book a frustrating experience.
 Not a reader of best-sellers, nor a fan of fallacy-maker kind of pseudo-historian writer so "en vogue" nowadays, I could not put down this book from the first page.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is a great piece of fun! Ok, not everything the book says is worth to be taken seriously, but that's why fiction is called fiction. The story is smart, the characters are not brilliant creations but work fine, and the descriptions and research work of the author are good enough to make you imagine the places and situation even if you know well the actual places described in the novel.<br/><br/>Forget the discussions and ENJOY the original. Let yourself to be trapped into the story, look later for material about the places of the book if you want so, get SERIOUS (not "the da vinci code blah blah storys) material and read it. But do not forget that, above all, this book is one of the smartest mass-market novels of the last years. Something well worth to look at just for the joy of reading.<br/><br/>If you can, I recommend buyng this illustrated edition. Hard-Cover, not expensive, very informative. A good value for money in a nice book for any home library. And a good first step and reference for your own research on the subject, if you want.
 The book served as an introduction, at least for me (and I am not very knowledgeable in this area, to the world of 'alternative' religion. I don't know how much of what was told in this book resembles any degree of truth. But it makes you wanting to read more on this subject. That's what I first started to do upon completion of this novel. And it's great achievment of the author. At the same time, I found it to be quite lame thriller, contrary to many reviews. The plot lines are predictable in many cases. In addition, Dan Brown is not a very good writer. His style is somewaht 'wooden' (as was mentioned in one of the reviews of this book). And what about all this itallics - I found such widespread use of itallics very annoying. That's why I gave it four stars. This book has a very interesting content, which is delivered in imperfect way.
 This makes an excellent gift. The picture above (at this time anyway) is not accurate. This is a little MP3 player with a picture of the DaVinci Code cover on it. It comes with earplugs and two batteries, and a lanyard if you want to wear it around your neck. On the back there's volume control, rewind/fast forward/play buttons, on/off switch, and buttons for an equalizer to adjust how it sounds, and a speed button to slow it down, go regular, or go faster. You can't record anything else onto it. It's just the unabridged version of this book. It sounded great, it's very light, and it was fun to use and wear (people asked about it).
 Before starting reading this masterpiece, I read all the books of Dan Brown: Angels and Demons (Robert Langdon series #1), Deception Point, and Digital Fortress. The first book "Angels and Demons" will tell you the academic potential of the main character Robert Langdon. "Deception Point" puts its deception first and deceives you completely. Digital Fortress first kills the main character and pushes you to the bottom of the ultimate fear. This story starts small and goes deeper into the fathom of the eternal enigma in the world. It starts from a murder scene at the Louvre Museum. Langdon is soon marked as the prime suspect of this murder, and is pursued by the Paris police authority. During his escapade with a granddaughter of the murdered at the Louvre, the story evolves into the quest for the Holy Grail.<br/><br/>To give the true authenticity in this book, a real best-seller book is referred in this book: "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" by Michael Baigent, et al.<br/><br/>Last year, I visited Westminster Abbey in London to retrace the steps of Langdon who tried to find the secret of Holy Grail. The real details of the location and the description of the tomb of Sir Isaac Newton was not the same with the book: the location was different and hard to find; the description made it impossible to hide behind the tomb. However, that fact would be exciting enough to know with this book in your hand, and the serene quietness of Westminster Abbey would undoubtedly add the time-freezing effect on your impression for the fast-moving thrill and suspense of this book. Two months ago, I also visited the Louvre Museum only to see the eternal smile of Mona Liza; it was impossible for a mere tourist to find the trace of the incident. Nevertheless, exact understanding of both the scenes would help you develop the sense of mystery and help you enjoy the book to your heart's content.
 Certainly one of the most popular novels in recent memory, even before the movie came out, "The Da Vinci Code" has been widely hailed as a modern masterpiece, but also lambasted as a heretical treatise on Jesus Christ's life.  Dan Brown provides the ultimate conspiracy theory, one that has spanned 2000 years and involves the Catholic Church in a massive cover-up complete with thousands of ruthless murders.  Perhaps the fact that his novel has generated such an outrage from some Christian writers, should be a compliment.  His work, of course, is FICTION, yet he paints such a masterful scenario of this conspiracy at so many levels, that it certainly seems as if it could be true.  For the record, Dan Brown is a Christian and "welcomes" the debate his novel brings, even though his theories and interpretations certainly cannot be proven.<br/><br/>Equally as intriguing as the "true" story of Jesus and Mary Magdalene is the concept of hidden messages in art.  Da Vinci's artwork, rumored to contain hidden messages, is explored and interpreted to yield a whole new world of hidden contexts and secrets.  Although the veracity of Brown's claims are debatable, the way the story is presented would cause many readers to re-examine a famous artwork.  I know that I examined the "Last Supper" and "Madonna of the Rocks" in detail after reading his interpretations.<br/><br/>Certainly, the Catholic church is treated in a harsh light, specifically the ultra-conservatives, characterized by Opus Dei.  The Vatican and their conspiracy machine and cohorts, as well as past horrors of "Christian" purges, are dealt in a harsh manner.  Ultimately, though, the church is shown in a positive light toward the end.  Throughout the novel, though, religious people are treated in a mostly neutral light.  However, those who are treated most harshly are the "Grail" hunters, those who dedicate their entire lives to chasing a fantasy, characterized by Leigh Teabing.<br/><br/>Although "The Da Vinci Code" is written for the mass audiences and will probably never be on any high school literature list, it is a fun and easy book to enjoy, with unexpected twists and turns and masterful suspense.  If you're looking for serious literature, go elsewhere, but otherwise this is an enjoyable book, regardless of religion persuasion.
 I'll make this quick.  While not great literature, "The Da Vinci Code" is an excellent read.  I could not put it down, and a week after finishing reading it, it is still stuck in my head. Basically, the curator of the Louvre is murdered but leaves clues before dying for a Harvard codebreaker and his granddaughter.  Code and puzzle lovers will be fascinated by this book.  The clues left lead the two characters on a search for the Holy Grail.<br/>Dan Brown writes in enough twists and cliffhangers for four novels, so the novel moves at breakneck speed.  At the same time, he takes the time to explain religious history and conspiracy, something I had read about in the excellent "Eve's Seed."  Anyway you look at it, this is fascinating stuff.<br/>Overall...an easy, completely fun read that still delivers the smarts!
 Fundamentalists should consider other reading material but you have to give kudos to the author for making theological discussions such a hot topic.  A very interesting premise which involves the Holy Grail, the Knights Templar and the Priory Of Sion. Brown beautifully interweaves fact and fiction concerning these fascinating subjects and prodded me to read related works.  Now onto the problems I had with this novel:  annoying references to previous novel (the Vatican incident); too many of the scenes are just outright unbelieveable and the inclusion of hollywood blockbuster action scenes forces the reader to question whether Brown was counting on a movie deal as he wrote; major reasoning flaws scattered throughout the second half of the novel (to name just one, a mirror image that the most brillant code detecting minds couldn't figure out? come on); and lastly, the totally smarmy ending tempted me to scream.  Overall, an entertaining read.
 I wouldn't give this book a blanket recommendation, because some of the theology/history discussions and elements present might be a bit too controversial for some. But for those of us who like to question even our most firmly held beliefs, this book revisits some interesting themes and gives room for some deep thought.<br/>I thoroughly enjoyed it myself. It had a good mix of suspense and history and art and theology. Kept me strung along til the end, too, with a complex, twisty plot and characters that I cared about.<br/>However, I did feel a little let down with the ending, just seemed like he had to try to hard to end it. Too much happened too quickly in the last five-ten pages.<br/>None the less, I plan to read some more of Dan Brown's books--and some of those listed in his bibliography too!
 Besides boring you with the background of the author / book, the details of which most of you know already, I'll start out with the positives.<br/>As far as mystery novels go, I suppose this is average. I don't know enough about the genre to accurately criticize, but I know that I had to keep reading to discover the answer / solution to any of the given puzzles presented. At the worst, you can say it's brain candy. Some of them you could see a mile away, other ones you would need to be steeped in the esotericity of secret societies (assuming they exist as Brown presents them). It got tedious after a while, because Brown put a cliffhanger at the end of every chapter, and THERE ARE OVER ONE HUNDRED OF THEM. Anyone being punched in the jaw repeatedly and with such frequency would start to lose feeling. The ending, which most people have a problem with because it's open-ended (stupid Hollywood ruins everything) was interesting.<br/>I won't go into the glaring historical and religious inaccuracies that are obvious to most people who retained their Sunday school lessons. More learned people give apt criticism on amazon.com. My gripe is with Brown's premises themselves.<br/>To Brown, everything in the world has pagan origins. Any conceivable geometric shape (even triangles and circles, the number 2, and the iambic pentameter are somehow pagan? Yeah, he went there), number, name, painting, architechture style , flower, my boogers, can all be traced back to prehistoric tree-hugging nymphomaniacs.<br/>Besides the fact that this assumption is horribly wrong, there is a faulty conclusion you can draw from this. If everything is of pagan origin, then you're probably going to assume that anything that comes after that is a perversion of the the pagan worldview. This is especially true if you have a huge anti-Christian bias like Brown does (he throws Christianity a bone near the end, clerically absolving the Catholic church of any wrongdoing in the books event...gee, thanks). In Brown's world, that would mean a ham sandwiches and window panes are offensive to paganism, by the very fact that it came after.<br/>The other option, instead of being a symbolic pervert, is that, in using the symbols, you are secretly passing its original (pagan) meaning. Neverminding the fact that this destroys the meaning of what a symbol is entirely, Brown's world looks like this:<br/>1- Everyone uses symbols.<br/>2- All symbols have a pagan origin.<br/>3- If you use a symbol, you are either perverting the original pagan meaning, or passing on its original meaning secretly.<br/>4- Jay just drew a circle.<br/>5- A circle is a symbol.<br/>6- Pagans used the circle to represent the sun.<br/>7- Therefore, Jay is either perverting paganism or passing on the pagan idea of the sun (and so are thousands of unwitting children in the classrooms of the world).<br/>On page 172, Brown's narrator say that one of the perils of being a symboligist (someone who studies symbols, a somewhat fictitious career) is that you can make connections where there are none. Brown destroys his premise with this one sentence.<br/>Inconsistencies aside, the other irritants in this book are Brown's obvious stereotyping, and hangups with Christianity. All of the college students in his protagonists classes are horny frat boys or women pining away to be considered literal goddesses. He equates Christianity with Catholicism, and takes the usual cheap shots (pedophile priests, the Inquisition, "secret murders", etc.). Brown plays religions like a syncretistic proto-feminist's wet dream, hoping that someday all faiths can agree (*yawn*). This, combined with lousy character development, makes for bad art. Read it for its suspense and as an alternate, pagan wishful-thinking reality, but disregard all of the historical, symbolic, and logical inaccuracies.
 I've seldom been so disappointed in a book on so many levels.  It's very bad, misleading, and agenda-driven from a historical and theological standpoint.  However, I'm often willing to overlook those things in support of a good story.  This is a very weak story, with wooden prose, poorly-drawn characters, gaping holes in the plot, and terribly transparent plot devices.  My husband and I finished the book, but were mostly driven by how bad it was and "could it get any worse."  My eleven year old read the book, convinced that it was going to be great because so many of his middle-school/jr high peers loved it.  The book did keep him enthralled over three days of Christmas break. At one point he asked me whether the Teabing character's polio was somehow symbolic or significant.  I thought about it for a while and responded that I didn't think so; just another dumb plot device (along with the big dumb Albino and the red-headed female cryptologist).  After he finished the story he commented that I was wrong:  Sir Leigh is crippled in order to foreshadow the lame ending.  I think he has a point.
 I thought this book, just like "Angels and Demons," was very well written.  The only problem I had with it, was the fact that the story seemed to have the same exact set up.  Only thing different was location and what was going on.  Same main character who would think he knew everything, but didn't and needed someone else to help, and every time he thought he got it, oops! He didn't!<br/>It also took a while to get me engaged enough to not want to put the book down at the beginning, and near the end I lost interest as well.  Like I said, the similarities between "The Davinci Code" and "Angels and Demons" are just too much for my liking.  Think up a continuation, but don't have the same outline and everything.<br/>From what I've read about "The Secret," it's yet again the same outline and main character, and for that reason it currently has two and a half stars.<br/><br/>I gave it 5 stars for writing, but lost one to lack of imagination in terms of the story line.
 To set the record straight on the "religiously correct" is quite refreshing to read. The mother of god Isis is being resurrected from the terrible grave she was burried in for 2,000 years in this suspense thriller. I downloaded the "Last Supper" by Leonardo da Vinci and "lo and behold" there she sits clearly on my computer screen to the right and honor place of the one who was declared god in 325 a.D. I disagree with the 5 million women who were tortured and murdered within 300 years by the Roman-Catholics; the actual number is 9 million. Interesting how state and church were combined; it seems to me there lies more power in the church than any state has every held as the Vatican survived two thousand years. And the truth had to go underground in the Priory of Sion and other brotherhoods. The power struggle as described in this book is immense and quite compelling to read. If you are a stout Catholic don't read this book. Anyone who seeks enlightenment be prepared for it: the truth hurts but sets you free. Are you going to find the Holy Grail in this book? You can't stop to turn all the pages to find out.
 The main characters are Professor Robert Langdon, a symbologist, and Sophie Neveu, a cryptographer. They have to decipher clues in artwork and architecture that link back to an ancient society protecting the truth about Jesus Christ and unlocking the greatest secret.  The Da Vinci Code is a mystery detective novel written by Dan Brown, combining the detective thriller and conspiracy fiction. The book has provoked a popular interest in speculation concerning the Holy Grail, though The Roman Catholic church criticizes this book because they don`t teach the ideas proposed in this novel.  In summary this book is a gripping mystery detective novel you simply must read...
 Something about symbols in the works of Leonardo Da Vinci, that's what I heard about this book.  It was said to be an erudite mystery.  That alone was not enough to keep it at the top of the bestselling lists for over a year, so I decided to see what all the fuss was about.<br/>My first, and a lasting, impression of THE DA VINCI CODE is of utterly graceless, styleless writing.  Sentences, though mostly grammatical, clunked about like a bag of rusty old plumbing parts.  Here is the author's idea of character development: our hero looks like Harrison Ford. Back stories are inserted regularly, like someone heaving rocks off a moving truck.  And we begin with the death of a contemporary curator at the Louvre, who, shot in the stomach, has the presence of mind to realize that while loss of blood won't kill him, leaking stomach acids will in about 15 minutes, so in the time left to him he strips, uses his own blood to leave several lines of an encoded message devised on the spot, draws a circle and lies in it, and voila, becomes a facsimile of Da Vinci's Vitruvian Man.<br/>After a while, say after the first 200 pages or so, that death scene no longer seems so very incredible. Things finally begin to take off as the symbology and codes that had been variously meted out begin to come together in a cannily connected vision of an alternative Christian history, one that has antecedents in generations of historical research. Dan Brown did his homework.<br/>It's that part that makes this book matter; otherwise it is a thriller that reads more like the description of an action movie than an actual novel.  It's like riding in an old Jeep off road at 80 MPH without seatbelts or shock absorbers.  As for the denouement:  it is a lot better, more credible than that in THE INSTANCE OF THE FINGERPOST, another "erudite" entertainment that had a lot of good writing going for it but cheated big time with a climax that gave new meaning to deus ex machina.  Brown gets himself out of his box in one piece, without stepping on too many  sensitive toes and without entirely selling out his research and its premises.  His puzzles are fun, if not a little obvious at times, and it is no doubt for those that this book continues to bob at the top of the bestselling lists.
 It's not often you find a novel that is rich in history, fast paced and steeped in spirituality--particularly the feminine side of it.  This is the story of the power of the Goddess that once was once revered and respected, and how that power was taken away thousands of years ago by those seeking to control the masses.  Thus creating 2000 years of patriarchal rule of all world governments and religions.  It is a reminder for all of us that the time has come to bring back the power of the divine feminine and all that she stands for.  It is a time to swing the pendullum at least back to the middle where both men and women are equal.  I would also recommend reading "The Goddess of Happiness" to fully embrace the power of the goddess.
 A re-write of "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail"<br/><br/>In this book, the authors put forward a hypothesis that the historical Jesus married Mary Magdalene, had one or more children, and that those children or their descendants emigrated to what is now southern France. Once there, they intermarried with the noble families that would eventually become the Merovingian dynasty, whose special claim to the throne of France is championed today by a secret society called the Priory of Sion.<br/><br/>Miller attacks the Da Vinci Code on multiple levels, referring to it as "based on a notorious hoax", "rank nonsense", and "bogus", as she points out how heavily the book rests on the fabrications of Pierre Plantard (including the Priory of Sion which did not exist until Plantard created it) who in 1953 was arrested and convicted for just such frauds.<br/><br/>~Wikipedia
 If a person is at all educated about art, history, art history, religious history or the layout of Paris this book is a farce--or should be.<br/><br/>People who don't know about any of the above but are taken in by the statement at the beginning of the book (something to the effect of "This is all true") and like the purple writing don't want their bubbles burst, and I don't blame them; it's hard to admit you've been taken in.<br/><br/>But please, go to the library and take out any Renaissance art history book. If you can't get to the library, just Google "Last Supper."  What do you know!!!!! __Every__ Italian Ren depiction shows John as kinda feminine looking.  This must mean all painters knew that Mary Magdelene was the One, after all.<br/><br/>Look, it's not much of a secret if everyone does it, OK?<br/><br/>It just means there was an artistic tradition of showing certain characters certain ways.  Since no one knew what St. Lawrence looked like, he's always above a burning grate; similarly Catherine is always depicted with her wheel, Judas is shown as a dark-haired meanie. John is shown as youngish and innocent. No one viewing the art when freshly done really believed that St. Lawrence walked around with his grate or questioned why John was young and innocent. It was all part of the personae.<br/><br/>Oh, big deal, it's just a book, right?  I wish it were that simple.  I give it one star because the story is transparent, the "facts" disputable in a 2 minute Google, the characters hackneyed without being a respectful nod to fairy stories.  It's a dumb fable masquerading as a thriller and succeeds only in making trouble. What amazes me is that some people, even when shown that Paris isn't laid out that way, still believe every other "fact" presented here.
 I am so pleased that so many love this tale by Dan Brown, but myself I could not get into it.  It was the what the story was about to me, but the prose itself was a bit too much to digest.  I felt like Robert L. who is the lead character was cardboard in actions and unrealistic in actual talents.  Somehow this cryptology expert is suddenly an expert at dodging bullets and jumping out of windows onto moving vehicles.  I suppose it would have been too much to give him some sort of law enforcement or military background like so many writers do, but in his case it may have helped.  Robert Ludlum Dan Brown is not, and although the story was extremely interesting, it was the lack of depth that the characters possessed combined with far fetched achievements in the field that I cannot give it any higher than three stars.
 Wanting to see what all the hubub was surrounding it, I decided to read Dan Brown's controversial "The Da Vinci Code." I had listened to those who were both for and against it, but wanted to read it before I came to my own conclusions about it.<br/><br/>Surprisingly, I found it to be an exciting and emotionally-charged mystery thriller, well written and fast-paced. While I don't agree with the theories and beliefs presented, they do make a fascinating element for this type of mystery novel. The characters are well-rounded and full of life, and the excitement never lets go. You'll want to continue the adventure until it's dramatic conclusion. Fans of of the mystery thriller will not be disappointed in "The Da Vinci Code."<br/><br/>Grade: A-
 This book is perfect for anyone that wants to get into reading.  It is a sure page-turner that grabs you from the start.  No patience is needed for reading it.  There is constantly something exciting going on, which Brown accomplishes with his short chapters that end right after a small "bomb" is dropped on the reader.<br/>Most people will be pleased reading this book.  There are many fascinating things and lessons to be learned from The Da Vinci Code.  One is that there are many sides to a single story, and to never take history's word for what has really happened.<br/>I felt a bit of emptiness as I began to finish this book, I think mainly because I didn't know what to take as fact or fiction from what I had just read.  However, there are many, many positives to this book, and if you can weed out everything else, you will walk away a happy, enlightened customer.
 I'm mainly a reader of non-fiction books. In fact Da Vinci Code is the first fictional book I've read in 4 years - I only read it because of the hype, the up-coming cinema version, and because my latest order from Amazon's non-fiction collection hasn't arrived yet. That said, it is fun and entertaining.<br/><br/>For people deciding whether to read this book, I have some quick comments that may help you with your decision. First, it takes about 50 pages for the story to really build momentum; if you can bear with some mediocre writing to that point in the book you will be rewarded.<br/><br/>After the first 50 pages "The Da Vinci Code" is written in a series of short punchy chapters. The construction of the story poses questions and mysteries, and leaves the answers just out of reach (until nearly the very end). I found this construction fun as a reader, because I kept guessing what the answers might be, which then kept me interested enough to keep reading to see if I was right. Frankly, (slow start aside), I found it a thoroughly engrossing story.<br/><br/>Just one final point. People are now debating whether this book outlines, in fiction, a conspiracy that is factually true. Moreover, people are saying this book undermines Chritianity. I think such discussions are blowing the implications of a well-told murder mystery way out of proportion. If you really want to examine the basis of religion there are plenty of non-fiction historical and philosopical books on the subject that will tell you far more than "The Da Vinci Code" does.
 Look, I am not going to knock the book too heavily, and i won't be the millionth guy to review it...I just have a question.<br/><br/>Is this book style and substance over...substance?  It is a good book, it is a very good book.  It is not great. It is not the best book ever written, and no one EVER should say that it is, but it is very good.  The question is the story of Jesus and Mary so compelling that it actually shrowds the fact that this is not that great of a book.<br/><br/>I think the subject matter is fascinating, the locations are amazing (I have been to a few), and the educational lessons are insightful...but the book...the actual writing...is it that good?  My answer is yes and no.<br/><br/>To weave the story, to add the educational asides, to discuss those topics were tough to do, and even tougher to make interesting...this book could have easily been horrible.<br/><br/>That being said...the dialogue is not that good. The story lapses into the ridiculous more than several times.  The hidden character was easily figured out.  The ending, the last 20 pages, are flat out horrible...but need to be read...force the reader to keep reading.  The substance is just too interesting...the writing is not.<br/><br/>The substance of the story, the style of the story are great...the writing is just average at best.<br/><br/>Still...I liked it...and I don't like myself for liking it.
 The secret to good history-based fiction lies in the inability of the reader to detect what information is fact and what is fiction. One glaring error and the entire historical foundation immediately becomes open to question. An error of that magnitude occurs early in this book and caused me to laugh my way through the remainder. Mr. Brown's protagonist claims (in one of his many lectures disguised as dialog) that 5,000,000 women died in the witch hunts of the Middle Ages. The highest number ever calculated by experts was 100,000. Even that number has since been downgraded to 50,000 and while most were women (15% were men), the church had little to do directly with the trials and executions, except to encourage prosecutors and judges. Much of the remaining history can be found in other sources, many of which are fringe historians and/or conspiracy buffs. The plot is not bad if you accept the existence of centuries old secret societies and global conspiracies. If you don't; well there is no plot without those. Ultimately, this is simply more fuel for those intoxicated with conspiracy paranoia.
 I had a lot of fun reading this book -- but reviews to the contrary, it's not erudite.<br/>Brown makes many gaffes.  He believes, for example, that the golden ratio, or phi (a number which fascinated Greek philosophers and mathematicians because it was the first known instance of an irrational number -- the existence of which contradicted all their theories of the orderly and explainable foundations of the world), was "derived" from the Fibonacci series.  He also seems to think that a codex is a scroll.  (A codex is, of course, a manuscript volume, or book.  Think of the early illuminated gospels.)<br/>There are many similar confusions, but it would be churlish to list them because that's not the point.  No one buys this kind of book to understand math or learn art history, they buy it because it's a blast.  Two-thousand year-old onspiracies, religion, romance, betrayal (though anyone who is suprised by the identity of the betrayer should probably go back to reading Dick and Jane), mixed with sketchy, pseudo-exotic European locations, and leavened with a dash of stock characters.  The prose is servicable, mostly -- a few grammatical horrors don't get in the way of being able to visualize the action -- and the plot gallops along.  A pure pedigree bestseller.
 I'm a little late on the wagon, but nonetheless ...<br/><br/>Other reviews go into more details, but here is my own quick response to this book from an agnostic, English Lit major and English teacher: Well written, enticingly interesting, entertaining, and very enjoyable. I think this book is a good example of art reflecting life in that the religious world is full of hypocrites who really know little of their religions' historical pasts. Please notice the people who did *NOT* like the book are offended from their Christian standpoints and nothing more.
 Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code is a standard thriller, well written, but blasphemous to many readers.  It uses as its premise the bogus theory that Jesus Christ married Mary Magdalene and had children with her.  Further the book alleges that Mary was in fact the Holy Grail, and that the Catholic Church was covering up this marriage (and children) for thousands of years.  The book makes numerous such assertions to support this premise, too many to name here.  Many readers are deeply offended by this, others are delighted.  But this controversy is why the book is a best seller.<br/><br/>A few thoughts.  Brown uses the Catholic Church as one of his villains and this is a common, politically correct technique in today's hypersensitive world (Catholicism is one of the few "acceptable" villains now). Brown also mischaracterizes basic tenets of the Christian faith to support his alternative history.  But Brown does tie his plot threads together nicely in the end, and his imagery does an excellent job in putting the reader in Paris and other locales.  He is an excellent craftsman of words.<br/><br/>If you can swallow the basic premise, the adventure is interesting and contains surprises and romance to satisfy most readers.  All things considered it is a good read.
 The hero of our story Robert Langdon is in Paris on business hrecieves a phone call thar curator of the Louvre has been murdered.Langdon had been scheduled to meet with the curator that night but the curator failed to show.A ciphered message is found on the floor near the body.Langdon teams up with French Cryptologist Sophie Neveu to try to solve this mystery.Many of the clues lie within the works of DaVinci.<br/>  Langdon discovers that the curator was involved with the Priory of Sion a secret society whose members include Sir Isaac<br/>Newton,Botticelli,Victor Hugo,and Da Vinci.He believes that this society is hunting for an ancient secret.<br/>  Neveu and Langdon race across Paris and London trying to out wit a secret powerbroker.His identity will shock you.The ending of the book will shock you as well.<br/> This is an excellent book that I enjoyed reading.It is definitely classified as a page turner.
 The Da Vinci Code is one of the top 5 books that I've ever read.  I need to catch up on my reviews here at Amazon.com, but I've read all the John Grisham, Tom Clancy, Robert Ludlum, Clive Cussler, Dale Brown, Stephen Coonts, Nelson DeMille novels to give you an idea of my tastes.<br/>This book kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time - I had to take a break between mowing my front and back lawns to read another chapter on the first day, if that gives you an idea!<br/>I simply could not put this book down.  The symbolism, history, religious background, the ideology of the theme really blew me away.  The book not only has inspired me to learn more about PHI, Leonardo Fibonnaci, Leonardo Da Vinci, the Crusades, and Western European history - but it has really sparked my imagination about historical events in general.<br/>All-in-all, this is a great book.  I wish I could give this a rating of six stars!
 With my typical generosity, I'm giving this book 5 stars!<br/><br/>There are plenty of twists and turns in this superb comedy about a search for clues to the location of a long lost treasure.  And as for narrow escapes, let's just say that "The Perils of Pauline" looks sophisticated by comparison.<br/><br/>As for the religious aspects, I wonder if there is a book called "The Perils of Pauline Theology" that I could compare it to.  If there were, I suspect that Dan Brown's book would look unsophisticated by comparison to it as well.  Still, the pun I just used may be one of the few that Brown himself managed to avoid.<br/><br/>What has happened to suspense books in which actual murders are rare, and where danger, not death, is considered more exciting?  And where there are more irrelevant leads than relevant ones?  Well, no matter.  I found this book fun to read.  It did tell all sorts of things about various religions, much of which I had seen before.  One could, when faced with the choice of cheering for those who want the truth to come out or cheering for those who want to keep it secret, pick one side or the other.  Or one could sneeringly dismiss both.  Perhaps you can guess which side, if any, I was drawn to.  But you'll have to read the book to find out what happens.
 The Da Vinci Code is a real page-turner, in spite of its adjective-laden, high-school-creative-writing-class style, and I can see why its pseudo-religious goddess-worshipping "historical" background would be appealing to college students and others who seek justification for promiscuity and are unaware of the truths of history. There are a couple of thought-provoking nuggets hidden in the background, but they will probably be overlooked by most readers, either because they lack an understanding of early Jewish and Christian beliefs or because they are just caught up in an exciting story. The whole idea of a harmonious, goddess-loving, Nature-worshipping society existing before the formation of the Catholic Evil Empire is just ridiculous. Though some ancient philosophers did have ideas about "holy unions" and the sacredness of female procreative powers, and there were indeed active fertility cults throughout the ancient world (and a few today, though I think they mainly capitalize on the sexual aspects) the generally poor status and treatment of women in virtually every ancient society is proof enough that these beliefs were not widely held nor practiced. I imagine that Mr. Brown was not seriously presenting a world-view in his novel, but I fear that many will try to create one from some of his "facts."<br/>Also distracting for me was the predictability of the plot - I knew who "The Teacher" was almost from the moment his named alter-ego was presented, and the many riddles and passwords were easy to figure out - and the ludicrous pacing. The implications for the future of the protagonists was annoyingly Hollywood-ized. True love in less than 24 hours, only in a Hollywood novel. The epilogue was also a laugh, though it did make me long to see Paris and the Louvre once again.<br/>I can't believe there's enough here to make an even remotely believable movie out of, but then again, what is popcorn for?
 I'd been hearing about this book from almost everyone I knew, so I got it out of the library (after a 1 month wait, may I add).  I opened it last night, expecting to read a few chapters and then to go to bed.  Well, luckily I didn't have work today...I was up all night reading until my eyes couldn't stay open anymore.<br/>The central questions of the book revolve around spirituality and the nature of Christian tradition and faith.  It throws into question the nature of the Holy Grail, and the version of history that the Catholic Church would have us believe.  Granted, these are theories that have been put forth by many scholars, and Brown is merely drawing upon their work, but he weaves fact and fiction together into a rich tapestry.<br/>However, the book is so much more.  Brown is one of the few authors who can change viewpoint well.  His characters are well written, the plot is paced well, and the two twists at the end surprising.  The meat of the book will give you something to think about...well, unless you're a sheep and prefer to follow blindly rather than think for yourself.<br/>I strongly recommend the book.
 With all the talk about the Da Vinci Code, I decided to pick it up and have a read.  I personally prefer Brown's Angels and Demons to this book.  Dan Brown is a convincing writer, and I am surprised at how many people take the Da Vinci Code as truths and rejects the Bible.  There are enough books and coumentaries to counter the claims of the Da Vinci Code, and the concept that Brown brought up that Jesus had a wife in Mary Magdalene and they had children are not new.  It was brought forth in another fictional book marketed as historical "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail" by Michael Baigent, Richard Leigh, Henry Lincoln.<br/><br/>The acclaim that this book is getting is like the movie "The Last Temptation of Christ" years ago.  Know that when you read the Da Vinci Code, it is fictional, and it was not marketed as fiction for nothing!  It is a fun read, none the less, and what keeps the book moving is not only the plot, but that the whole book is written almost as a minute to minute account of what was happening, displaying in full view for the reader the action and suspense that it brings.
 From the moment I started reading this book, I found it hard to get away from it.  The storyline is beyond any suspense novel I have read.  The story leads off with the murder of the Louvre Museum's chief curator.  His death unfolds a turn of events that leads us through a path of intrigue as the story of a private society overshadows his own death.  In the end, his very own daughter must place together the clues he left as she follows the path of her father's codes to discover that this society had a rather impressive list of members throughout history to include Da Vinci and Isaac Newton amongst other historical geniuses.<br/>Now comes the twister that has engulfed the world.  Is this book a fictional tale for entertainment or is there some truth to a secret society that historians have refused to acknowledge?
 While The Da Vinci Code IS a page-turner and the premise seems promising, even fascinating, this book is really just a beach or airplane novel disguised as high art. The mingling of some fact with a lot of fiction will leave most with more questions than answers, or worse the belief that much of what Brown passes off as legitimate undisputed theology is actually the truth. If you're still interested in reading it, the good news is that you can do it in an evening or two and move onto something better!<br/>PS I completely agree with the reviewer who complained about the publisher's review spoiler; many reader reviewers do this as well and I, too, think Amazon should effect a policy against this practice.
 While this book was not bad by any means it was a decent work of FICTION. It has always amazed me why this book is so popular. When it comes down to it this book is just another work of fiction. I am a born again Christian but have no qualms with this book yeah it's blasphemous of course, but its a book for God's sake. I am too mature to be upset about a book. Christians' get so worked up over the smallest things it's ludicrous. Christians should be more worried about reaching people for Christ instead of worrying about whats on the New York Slimes....I mean Times, bestseller list.<br/><br/>My point is that this book is too mediocre to be so hyped. Its another book by another author and that's it, end of story. People act like this story has never been told before or that it has some kind of special powers. It's not special, its been done before in one way, shape or form. There are plenty of better books out there.
 Weak sequel to Angels and Demons. I thought A&amp;D was much better than this one and I think Dan Brown tried to do a follow up to A&amp;D with a different premise, but the plot is pretty much the same: a treasure hunt from city to city.<br/><br/>I believe this one was overhyped because of it's premise, lucky Dan Brown. Otherwise it would be a very ho-hum book, not even as good as some of his early ones.<br/><br/>The bad thing about it is it's spawned a whole bunch of copycats and accessory books, the authors of which should all send in 50% of their paycheck to Dan Brown since he's singlehandly responsible for it. And it's bad because none of them are any good, none that I've read anyway.<br/><br/>If you've just woken up in a cave, don't buy this book, get it from the library. If you have this book, donate it to the library so Dan Brown and the publishers won't make any more money. We don't want to reward him and have more bad books written.
 Reading Dan Brown's "The DaVinci Code" brought me instantly back to the way I felt when I first tried John Grisham: this is the perfect author for someone who either has difficulty reading or doesn't really enjoy it. Strictly eighth grade level, at the most. No one you will ever meet in real life talks or acts remotely like Brown's banal characters in their contrived predicaments.<br/>The "DaVinci" plot could have been actually fascinating, but Brown's shallow, cliche characterizations and simplistic writing style are insulting. Any "Harry Potter" book is more intelligent and engrossing, not in any way meant as disrespect for J.K. Rowling by lumping her fine work in with this clap-trap.
 Do you like: thrillers, puzzles, conspiracy theories, art, history, explorations of religious theories, or just plain fun reads?  If you answer yes to even one of the above, then I recommend this book!<br/>I completely enjoyed this book and am looking forward to re-reading it so that I can focus on the iconography and symbols more fully.  Unlike most mystery/thriller books, this one is more than just a fun ride - it challenges you to think on many different levels.  Even the 'heroes' and 'villans' aren't easy and clear-cut but multi-dimensional people who are working from deeply and passionately held beliefs.<br/>As for where the lines of truth and fiction lie?  I'm still working that out for myself... which I think is the point.
 I hadn't heard all this stuff about Mary Magdalene, which made the book have a semblance of interest, but it is written in the most elementary, prosaic fashion, with characters who include a pretty woman cryptologist and a Harvard professor symbologist who studies the goddess legend. Jeez, how convenient to move the plot forward. I think the author must have found a cache of old movie serials shown at Saturday afternoon matinees in the early 50s. Each chapter has all the depth and surprise of a Flash Gordon episode--be sure to come next week to find out what happens. Of course the anticipation is always greater than actually seeing how Flash escapes this time--especially if you are over the age of 10.<br/>It's kind of a mystery version of one of those "Christmas Box" romances that also seem to do so well. And just as preditable. There are lots better books out there than this one. I give two stars just because I learned a couple of things I didn't know before about the Magdalene legend.
 The Da Vinci Code is a really good thriller. The story moves quickly, the books a page turner and the descriptions are really good. In fact the way the book is written makes it feel like a movie, and like most movies The Da Vinci Code isn't without its flaws. Their were several parts of the book that made me roll my eyes at how cliche it got. I think the worst part was when Sophie sees something that was right in front of her face in a painting, but no one else was able to. Also the ending wasn't that great either but I won't spoil it. Its a good thriller but it lacks in plot.
 I must admit that seeing ABC News do an expose on the purported facts behind "The Da Vinci Code" captured my interest to the point where I had to get this book at all costs. And then I actually read it and I was disappointed.<br/><br/>As fascinating as Mr. Brown's Research is, and as alluring as each chapter-end cliffhanger is, the book, as a novel, has a few flaws. I'm not going to discuss whether Mr. Brown's research is accurate or not. That's a debatable topic left to scholars. My review deals strictly with "The Da Vinci Code" as a novel form. The one major gripe I had was the Police Official's motivation for pursuit. In the natural world of police investigations, such behavior, is just plain silly, and not taken seriously at all.<br/><br/>The book did not pursue the route I thought it would. Imagine this: what starts out as a murder investigation soon leads into the hunt for one of the most sought after relics in human history. The discovery of this relic could possibly mean big money and/or power for its discover. So, you would expect countries, spies, agents, to use whatever means possible to grab this relic. Maybe a war ensues. Sounds exciting, right? Alas, ... ho hum, nothing that exciting happens.<br/><br/>After everything is said and done, the book is simply a 1- to 2- day Scavenger Hunt with some action and interesting facts thrown in to fatten up the book. Chapter cliffhangers are nice. But as a whole, the book lacks the keys necessary to be labeled 'great'
 Short chapters with an action movie styled pace that push the reader forward at a breakneck pace.  This constant hurried pace is both the stories greatest strength and its greatest weakness.  The plot is built around a whirling collection of controversial historical "facts" like the relationship of Mary Magdalene and Jesus, Gnostic gospels, and the Holy Grail.  These historical concepts are thrown at the reader at the same blazing speed that a breath taking car chase might be described.  There is no time given for the reader to really think, and again that is also the books greatest strength.  Intellectual, no.  A lot of fun and a quick read, yes.
 Whether you believe the premise of this book or not doesn't really matter. You will not be able to stop thinking about it for a while. I was sucked into the book in the first 20 pages and couldn't wait to keep reading more.<br/>I was able to guess what was going to happen quite a bit, but that didn't really diminish the suspense all that much. There were several times when I was totally surprised and that made up for anything else.<br/>I have also found myself searching the internet and looking for the things that are in this book that are supposedly real. You can believe me when I say that there are several things in here that are definitely true!! I have found many references on the internet to whole groups and such that believe the same thing that this fictional book is based around.<br/>Definitely worth a read!!
 The book starts out promising but quickly turns into a flat "thriller" complete with preposterous plot twists and cookie-cutter narrative.<br/>The female lead is there only to provide an audience for Langdon's many lectures on symbology, while Langdon himself seems to exist only to lecture on the story's religious premise and to treat the female character like a helpless damsel.  Did I mention she works for the French version of the FBI?<br/>The book's premise is interesting - the true nature of the Holy Grail - but is far better suited to a history book than a thriller that feels like a rejected movie screenplay.<br/>The overly simplistic clues are especially frustrating.  One of Brown's more "clever" puzzles is this one: an orb of "rosy flesh and seeded womb" associated with a certain author of the laws of physics.  Oh, and it's a five-letter word.  It takes a Harvard professor several chapters to figure this one out?  Puh-leeze.  Where's the suspense in something the reader knows pages and pages ahead of what the author reveals?<br/>The anticlimactic ending is a complete letdown, since the story never deviated from my step-by-step predictions.  (...)
 The minute I knew who the knight was, the "orb" was obvious, but I had to spend the next 50 pages reading about a "Harvard professor" and a police cryptolgist who were not readily able to figure it out. While that ought to be enough, I would also mention that the alleged right/left masculine/feminine equation is factually inaccurate.  This book has pretenses of being intellectual and clever, but the characters are shallow, the plot not unpredictable and the pretense somewhat outrageous.  I am not catholic so that aspect of it did not offend me. One might read Umberto Eco, Phillip Kerr or others instead.
 I cannot think of another book that grabbed and held my attention like The Davinci Code.  This novel was replete with little-known but factual information about the history of Christianity, the Catholic Church, Opus Dei, the Knights Templar as well as many other topics.  Although it is a work of fiction, Dan Brown stimulates the reader to think about the possibilities that great artists, such as Leonardo da Vinci, may have cleverly left hidden messages or suggestions in their works.  I learned a great deal about people and places that I had been previously unfamiliar with.  Most importantly, the story itself was riveting, and literally, I could not put the book down while I was reading it.  I highly recommend this book!
 I PICKED UP THIS BOOK BECAUSE I HAD READ SEVRAL OTHER DAN BROWN NOVELS.  THE DA VINCI CODE STARTS OFF STRONGLY, WITH A PLOT THAT REALLY CAPTURES YOUR ATTENTION.  IT MOVES ON TO A HISTORICAL SCAVENGER HUNT, WITH INTRUIGING CHARECTERS AND UNEXPECTED PLOT TURNS.  THE BOOK DOES LOSE ALITTLE GROUND IN THE MIDDLE, ONCE WE KNOW WHAT THE QUEST IS ABOUT.  BUT IT ONCE AGAIN GRABS THE READER'S ATTENTION AND COMPELLS YOU TO READ JUST ONE MORE PAGE...<br/>  DAN BROWN WEAVES A PLAUSABLE, INVENTIVE STORY THAT IS INTRESTING AND CAPTIVATING.  HIS TOPICS(THE HOLY GRAIL, SOCIETY OF SION, ECT) ARE ALL VERY INTRESTING AND LEAVE YOU WANTING MORE.  EVEN THE WAY HE TIES HIS IDEAS TO PAINTINGS AND CLUES IS MASTERFULL.  THIS BOOK IS A REALLY GREAT SUSPENSE NOVEL, FULL OF MYSTERY, INTRIGUE AND FACTS THAT WILL LEAVE YOU WANTING MORE.  YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PUT IT DOWN!
 Well!  Dan Brown sure has written a successful book, hasn't he?  Best seller for many weeks.  This book is eye candy.  Discerning readers among you, you know what I mean.  I read it in a day.<br/>But don't kid yourself.  This book isn't researched, or in any way accurate in the details.  It's a plot spun, interestingly enough, around little kernels of sketchy 'information'.  Just FORGET about Constantine's role in the canonization of Scripture! Dan Brown should be ashamed of himself for suggesting he's done good research. Now if you want to read a better source for all of this, I suggest books like Holy Blood, Holy Grail or The Woman with the Alabaster Jar, or better, The Feminine Face of God.
 When I first picked up this book on recommendation from various sources, I didn't know it was based on the Templar / Grail myth.  The world of shadowy yet powerful secret societies and multi-layered codes created by Dan Brown is no doubt fascinating,  I could scarsely put the book down.  As a suspense novel, it is an exciting ride that will have you cradling the book by your bedside lamp til dawn.<br/>However, about 3/4 into the book I started having reservations about his work... since I already know of the alternative history of the Holy Grail, I was disturbed by how little he gives credit to actual researchers who paved way for his own success.  Yes, the book is categorized as "fiction", but if the entire idea of Da Vinci having a coded message in his paintings is practically ripped from the first chapter of The Templar Revelation by Lynn Picknett, you'd think he would mention it more than just including it in a character's library.  ...P&gt;The grail myth serves as a great device to further the story, however, the ambigious nature of it brings up questions that Brown never resolves in the end.  By only using the surface intrigues of the myth (for example, Da Vinci's hidden symbols) and ignoring deeper questions of "the truth" (would such influential men do so much to worship the heir of an extinct dynasty? What is their true motive?) Brown muddles the true puzzles of the myth by giving it a rather Indiana Jones kind of ending.<br/>Bottomline:  Great exciting read for the un-initiated.  Grail enthusiasts will already know the "big kaboom" and will be disappointed by "the conclusion".
 This book is good at times, but I personally didn't understand what all the hype was, even after reading it.  As someone who grew up reading Robert Ludlum, Clive Cussler and Ian Fleming, I was more than ready to dive into this suspenseful novel.  The ideals behind the plot are not what bothered me; it was the archaic, cardboard character of Robert Langdon that was somewhat ridiculous.  Langdon seems to suddenly possess kinetic skills as well as somewhat supernatural athletic abilities.  He can jump 20 feet and land without breaking an ankle, and seems to be able to dodge bullets better than any character from "The Matrix".  I have no affiliations that would present themselves to be biased on the material presented, I was just hoping for something a little deeper.  Langdon to me came across as a poor man's Dirk Pitt or Jason Bourne, and although he has a superior intellect in cryptology compared to most, the story was not to my particular liking.  That doesn't mean you should take my word for it, others may look at what I read and scoff away, so it is all up to opinion.  I have heard good comments about his other, lesser-known novels so I will maybe give Digital Fortress a try.  In all due respect, however, the plot did wrap up fairly well and considering how this topic is something that could "shake foundations", I found the ending to be something to nod in agreement with.  It doesn't mean I believe it or not, but the seriousness for which it took on was more believable than Langdon's constant "courage under fire" persona.
 This is a definite page turner. One which left a bad taste in my mouth. A horrible, predictable plot, shallow characterization and star crossed hints of romance that detract from the plot.<br/>The only reason this deserves two stars is because of the way it presents an age old myth, the holy grail, in a different light that the public rarely sees. Now, let's remember, this book is fiction. I'm sure Brown took liberties to make his research fit into an idea that had amazing potential. If you're interested in the grail story, ditch this book and read some of the nonfiction books out there on the topic.<br/>For those who are trashing this on the basis of their religion, something to watch out for lest it destroy your faith........ what is your faith without challenges? Nothing.<br/>If you're a Christian with blinders on, maybe you should read it, if for nothing more than the challenge it will present to you.
 This is the second fiction book in a row I've read in which Opus Dei and their practice of mortification of the flesh through a cilice has played a role (Tom Flynn's Galactic Rapture is the other). Dan Brown has taken the claims of Baigent, Leigh, and Lincoln's Holy Blood, Holy Grail and made them into a murder mystery novel, full of codes, enigmatic verse, and tales of the Priory of Sion, Knights Templar, and the bloodline of Jesus. It's an entertaining quick read which may also stimulate further research into some of these claims. (For the record, I think the notion that Jesus was married is somewhat plausible, but not substantiated; the stories of the Priory of Sion being carriers of Jesus' bloodline almost certainly false; the stories of an ancient time of peaceful pagan goddess worship are probably bogus--Brown seems to be relying on Riane Eisler's The Chalice and the Blade, a work of pseudohistory.)
 This review will be unfortunately a bit longer than I want it to be, as I care to spend little time writing about a book I consider to be a second rate, cheap, dimestore thriller.  I picked up this book to see what all the hoopla was about, but much to my disappointment, it was what I consider the "Big Mac" of books:  tastes good, but no nutritional value.<br/>Da Vinci code is a formulaic franchise (yes, I deliberately use that word) that reads like a Spielberg movie.  Dan Brown is a hybrid of all the other popular mainstream thriller authors out there that are currently making bazillions of dollars on the rights of their novels being sold for silver screen production. (I'm looking at you, Chrichton, and you, Grisham)  But I believe Mr. Brown, has done himself a service in that he was able to save himself some extra cash when the inevitable transfer from book-to-movie comes around.  He will not have to hire any scriptwriters, because the book already reads like a movie script.  No changes necessary.<br/>For those of you who understand where I am coming from, yet steadfastly refuse to be deterred from reading the book, the only positive critique I can give is this; it *is* a page turner.  But, then again, is that really a positive comment?  If that were the case, Danielle Steel or Judith Kranz would be considered the literary geniuses of our time.  Heck, for that matter, so would Penthouse Forum.<br/>Another element that strikes a discord with me is how good Mr. Brown is at in blending fact with fiction.  I understand that common practice and Brown is certainly not the first to interweave these two elements to create a plausible synopsis, but the difference here is that it seems to be undermining people's faith in religion and that Christianity is one big conspiracy.  I won't go into detail about the fabrications that Dan Brown has made in the book, lest I give the story away, but rest assured there are plenty of websites and articles out there that debunk the authors many presumptions.  This is a work of fiction and people need to keep that in mind.  In conclusion, the only conspiracy here is the marketing one.
 I wasn't quite sure what to expect from this novel. Reviews of it seem to range from "this is the finest novel ever written" to heated condemnation. In my opinion, this book deserves neither extreme. I've certainly read better novels, and there's nothing here worthy of the scorn heaped upon it either. It is, quite simply, a thriller with some art history and legend thrown into the mix. Taken as such, I found it an enjoyable read, though probably not a book I will give a second reading.<br/><br/>I do find the controversy surrounding this book fascinating. This is the first novel, in my memory, to give rise to a virtual cottage industry for the purpose of 'debunking' it. Most "historical novels" have fairly dubious claims to historicity, yet few feel compelled to write and talk endlessly about how wrong they were, or conversely, to defend an alternative history. My hope is that this novel might spur people to read more history and to ask more questions, and to do so with the aid of something other than the shrill spinoffs from this novel. Irrespective of the conclusions drawn, such an exercise would be intellectually healthy. Unfortunately, most will consider themselves quite well read on the subject either by reading this book or some polemic spawned by it, a few might actually read both, and almost none will read anything actually scholarly. Then of course we have those who will wait for the movie version rather than read anything. Oh, this is getting depressing...<br/><br/>OK. Summation: The DVC is fun as mind candy. Don't take it so damn seriously. If the topics interest you, go read something a historian has written about them.
 I thought we'd all had enough of Jack Ryan (is he GOD by now?) in those paper thin cutout character clones that permeate Clancy's work.  I also thought that we'd had enough of the mega conspiracy novels starring the (only millimeters thicker) Jason Bourne who seems to have identity crises without having an identity.<br/>Put this irregularly-paced (pacemaker required?) up against more thoughtful work by Le Carre or the brilliant Ian Rankin (Rebus) or even Michael Connely (Bosch) and it pales by comparison.<br/>The Da Vinci Code is shallow and pretentious, replete with leaps of untenable measure.  It is uneven and unpolished as it moves from breathtaking (gasp) action through the doldrums of didactic lecturing and pseudo moral suasion.<br/>As with many works in this genre, it seems prepared for the inevitable Hollywood screenplay with fast-paced exciting (yawn) car chase scenes and cartoon-like characters.<br/>I'd rather spend an evening at the WWF thanks.
 I will not deny that this was an engrossing read--I, like many other readers, was unable to put this book down.  Nevertheless, I was somehow expecting something more.  I don't really know what, but as fascinating as this story was, something fell short.  Maybe it was that the villain wasn't very villanous (and indeed his aims were arguably admirable).  Or maybe it was that the book wasn't long enough.  The Da Vinci Code is the type of thriller with a masterful exposition that quickly fizzles into 200 pages of less-inspired but still intriguing writing.  I don't know.  But it's a good read, even if it isn't perfect.
 In his book, "The Da Vinci Code", Dan Brown has integrated many levels of mystery and puzzle solving, intertwined with suspense and murder. Add the secrecy, spanning hundreds of years, that surrounds various individuals and groups, and you have a magnificent page-turner of a book.<br/>The 454-page book is comprised of a prologue, 105 chapters, and an epilogue. The chapters are short and usually end with a compelling urge to continue reading the next, and the next, and the next, etc. "The Da Vinci Code" is a fast read because you won't want to put it down.<br/>Da Vinci -- what a clever fellow!
 I would definitely recommend if you're going to read this book that you read the illustrated edition, as I found it was a great help in understanding the points of discussion in the book, myself having limited knowledge on the topics of historical architecture or Leonardo Da Vinci.<br/>The book was interesting enough, there where however a few slow parts that I found difficult to get through. Which leads me to question all the attention the book received in the first place? The book is clearly fiction so to all those who seemed to be offended by it I can only say "Don't believe everything you read".
 This is one of the worst books I've ever read.  It's not that I'm offended by the anti-Christian sentiments--I agree with that for the most part.<br/>The problem for me is the lazy, lazy writing.  Basically Brown has found out about this Holy Grail/Feminine Mystery conspiracy theory, and has decided to write what can barely be called a "novel" to tell everyone about it.<br/>The characters are hardly even people, just convenient names and bodies that alternately spew exposition and are baffled by laughably obvious puzzles. Not to mention the tacked-on romance at the end.<br/>He also uses the classic technique of the author who can't be bothered to conceal information through plot, e.g. "Then the bishop told the albino something that was so shocking he nearly fell over" or "Langdon wanted to tell Sophie what the Holy Grail really was, but he thought he would wait for a few more chapters to heighten the suspense."<br/>On top of this, the so-called evidence for the theory is ridiculous in the extreme, relying on coincidences such as the appearance of a V-shape in Da Vinci's Last Supper.  I'm sure that all the thousands and thousands of paintings containing a V-shape somewhere in them are just further proof that the supressed Goddess Myth is just lurking there under the surface...
 A friend loaned me this book. It was highly entertaining and enjoyable. I was drawn right into the story from the beginning and didn't want to put it down. The story moved right along, kept my attention and at times I had to remind myself it was a fictional world. I'm not very good at writing so I apologize for the short review but I wanted to leave my thoughts about it.
 Since there are many reviews on this book, I will not get into the plot. Of course, it is an intense one with lots of rapid page turning. The main thing I got from this book is how our world has lost touch with the feminine side. Not to say that it is completely gone yet it is definately not balanced with the masculine. Look at the world and see how the masculine energy is expressing itself. The book seems to stress a need for balance in ourselves and the world in general. This was what I think the main issue was, at least for me. The arts are they really that or a commercial venture that is about money? I don't think its all like that, yet it is definately not balanced. Is technology being balanced with the art in schools, in general. Well the book didn't get into this conflict yet I could see how the feminine energy is out of sink with the masculine in these areas as well as other areas. I am grateful to have a deeper awareness of this after reading Dan Brown's book. I truly believe that the reason it is such a hit is because it is really triggering us on not just a conscious level.<br/>Lisa Nary
 Reading this book was one of those rare experiences for me when I found myself totally immersed in the story, instantly swept away... and saddened when it was over. I wanted MORE!<br/><br/>Paris is going to be my adopted home in 2006, so not only did I enjoy the Paris setting and mentally touring the famous locations as the characters move around the city, but Dan Brown's ability to craft fiction interlaced with myth and fact (although there is much debate about which is which) makes him a superior story teller - and makes this story worth reading.<br/><br/>I even requested (and received) the expanded pictorial edition as a Christmas gift this past December - which was even better, saving me a lot of time the second time I read the book (because the first time, I kept stopping to go online to look up the painting of the Last Supper and other references in the book.)<br/><br/>By the way, check out the embedded CODED MESSAGE in the flyleaf description of the book...<br/><br/>Don't analyze it - just read it and let it carry you away!
 Being a Christian and a student of science, both this book and Angels&amp;Demons were extremely captivating to me.  Even setting the subject aside, the storyline/plot alone was incredibly attention-grabbing.<br/>  Although i loved both books, i read this one faster than Angels&amp;Demons. But i'm not sure if it was because this is a tiny bit more suspenseful or because I read this one first, and the novelty of Dan Brown's writing and style caused me to not be able to put it down. However Angels&amp;Demons' story line was a bit more complex than the Da Vinci Code, and less predictable too.  I had my suspicions of who the culprit was in this book but when the culprit was revealed in Angels&amp;Demons, it hit me like a ton of bricks.<br/>  Some people might be annoyed with the author's attention to details, namely, facts of history and art. I never enjoyed history in school, or any other liberal arts subject matters, but I feel his explanations and details necessary and served as the backbone of the storyline. These two fiction novels were surprisingly educational and I was glad to have learned so much after each reading. Part of what makes these books so great is that they contains so many facts the average person wouldn't know, and these ground the stories and prevented me from thinking that the events happening were too outrageous / unbelievable. Don't start these books if you can't afford to lose sleep /put off whatever you were supposed to do for a couple of hrs.
 I read the fictional work last year but some ghosts of Dr. Brown's book lingered on the mind. The most striking about the Da Vinci Code is its power to captivate. Although the quality of the writing is not first-rate, an opinion supported by some commentators and critics, its plot does lend the story a good measure of suspense that keeps the reader turning pages which is indeed remarkable. The conspiracy theories which proposed by the author are highly groundless. If one checks with two of the major sources of information of the interpretation of "historical" or simply ancient tabloid facts Dr. Brown used, namely the Holy Blood, Holy Grail and the Templar Revelation, it was established by everyone except Dan Brown himself that we are all satisfied with the truth that the theories were constructed based on materials from an era in history that can never be validated or relied upon. (Though some contributors to these two later works cited apparently have forgotten what was originally stated in their publications and changed their points of view after their releases as documented by interviews and some other entertainment or occult news outlets.) The characterization is week and monotonic. The characters are otherworldly and display some inconsistency in behavior at times, with roles played not in alliance with ones encountered in the real world. Our protagonist is almost always on the verge of an intellectual breakdown when situations turn bad. The fabled tales about Jesus of Nazareth and Mary Magdalene included in the Da Vinci Code are interesting but presumptuous. The seemingly non-exist secret society mentioned in the work is enigmatic but rather idiotic. Moreover, the anagram, another intriguing device abused in some of the more important scenes appears trite, and smart instead of intelligent. In these modern days encryption technology and other coding methods of a greater reliability abound and adherence to tradition when it is out of place does not seem like an acceptable practice for the secret society involved. It is important to mention that some plot lines are completely illogical and some overly melodramatic. The presentation of events is too unnecessarily sophisticated and tedious. There are plot twists that have too much weight and tend to confuse the reader when two realities are placed side by side as oppose to motivate their detective curiosity and to challenge them to engage in more thoughtful interpretation and guesswork. The realization of the true identity of our heroine in the climax may bring tears to the eyes of some readers, but lack substance and meaning. The materials were well paced and this skill is worthy of compliment. Overall, the Da Vinci Code is a very good thriller to test our faith and understanding in and loyalty to our collective deep-rooted Christian notions and beliefs.<br/><br/>The photographs, paintings and other illustrative devices presented in the work helps to gain more insight into the art works mentioned in Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Remark: O holy, holy, holy. The orb that ought to be on our master decoder's grave is the noggin of Macbeth but not the seed of all poison. (a riddle; three-word solution) (The solution is a summary of comment on the title.)
 As someone once said, "Everyone loves a conspiracy theory." Brown doesn't disappoint and resurrects (pun intended) a bit of Gnosticism, which has been around for millenia. The theory goes something like this: The Catholic Church has suppressed the "truth" about Jesus Christ, who was merely human and married Mary Magdalene, who bore his children. According to The Davinci Code, the Catholic Church, in all its misogynistic glory, has deliberately suppressed this information for thousands of years. Like Mark Furman and the L.A. police force's collusion that resulted in the framing of OJ Simpson, the Catholic Church has engaged in an extensive conspiracy for millenia to prevent the faithful from learning the "truth" about Jesus Christ. Despite the obvious shortcomings of the "theory," the book's a great romp and a real page-turner. Beware of the ending, however, since it's so sweet you may lapse into a diabetic coma.
 If you enjoyed the book then you should consider buying this special edition as the illustratiions and special notes will add to your enjoyment. I would not recommend to buy this if you have not read the regular edition first  as it might take away from the actual reading of the book.<br/><br/>As far as the actual plot of the book, so much has been written and said that there is little to add. However you should reade it so to form your own opinion and judgement. I consider it a masterpiece as it flows, it is interesting and it has greated a debate that few books have ever had in the past
 I could not put this book down. I noticed that some Christians were offended by some of the ideas, but, speaking for myself only, as a Christian woman, I thought the book was amazing. The detail and research in this book make you want to go and read more about DaVinci, The Last Supper, Winchester Cathederal, the Louvre...almost every major landmark mentioned in this book. I didn't agree with all the conclusions, but you don't have to agree to be engrossed in this novel. I'm going out tomorrow and buy all of Dan Brown's novels, and I can't wait to stick my nose in them. This by far the best book I've read in years.
 After watching this book stay on the bestseller list for month after month, I decided to finally discover for myself what this book was about. And boy was I surprised. Although the characters are fictional, the historical events and people are real. This book allowed me to see Christianity in a different light. But I am skeptical as to how much of it is true. Many of the reviewers of this book complain that the book is full of inaccuracies and mistakes, but I thought it was a great read. It's fiction, albeit historical fiction, but what did some of the readers expect when they opened a work of fiction? Fact? I hope not. All I know is that I couldn't put this book down until I finished it. I found it interesting, informative, and suspensful. That is probably what Dan Brown intended the book to be and that is what I got from it. And for that, it was worth my time and money.
 i almost didn't buy this book because the back cover made the book sound like it was going to be something i could leave on an airplane, but i got hooked when the blurb mentioned that the hero was a symbologist.  i like symbols. i like art. i bought the book.<br/>that night, when my work was finished, i pulled it out to read<br/>the first page and i read 125 pages that night.<br/>the front of the book is better than the back of the book. the back is good, but the first part is outrageous.  at the back of the book the relationships turn kind of gooey and you can sort of intuit who will be going home with who that night. the hero is too handsome and the woman is too beautiful to be believable. he didn't get the people really right. they don't feel authentic.  the rest of the book is a lot of fun, though, and the information about secret societies and rituals is not only fascinating but apparently factual.<br/>when i finished the book, i bought the other books brown has<br/>written and none of them are as good as this book.
 It's after hours in the Louvre, and those of us who work in library-museum-archives environments know just how creepy such public places can become late at night. But if you do work there - for long enough so it becomes familiar ground, another home in a real sense - it can also feel like your own living room. That's how the Louvre feels to curator Jacques Sauniere, even after he's mortally wounded by an after hours visitor. He knows just what he needs to do, in his last few minutes of life; and he knows exactly how to do it, even while the Louvre's activated security system holds him trapped within the gallery where the Mona Lisa and other Da Vinci paintings hang.<br/><br/>What Sauniere must do is leave a message, or messages, for his estranged granddaughter. As a police cryptographer, Sophie Neveu will have access to the crime scene. Jacques Sauniere must find a way of passing on to Sophie all the secrets that he dies to protect, without revealing those secrets to anyone else. Anyone else, that is, except the man Sauniere makes sure the police will also summon to the gallery where his body lies: American symbologist Robert Langdon, who soon finds himself cast in the role of chief suspect as Sauniere's killer.<br/><br/>All the things that writing teachers tell their pupils not to do, author Brown does in this book. He writes in chapters so short that if they were sentences in an essay, he'd be losing points for choppiness. He flashes back repeatedly to his characters' past lives. He uses more different character viewpoints in one book than some novelists use in an entire lifetime's literary output. He supplies background information, history as his plot requires it to be presented, in multi-paragraph chunks. He writes richly detailed setting descriptions, that according to conventional writing advice ought to have his readers putting the book aside in boredom. But - amazingly, and wonderfully - for this author, in this book, those techniques work. Do they ever work! Because Brown paces the novel masterfully, even the driest (if presented in another framework) passages slip by without interrupting the story's flow. The mystery deepens from chapter to chapter, with resolution coming in unexpected yet reasonably logical ways. Even the villians (who aren't always who you think they will be, by the way...) command the reader's empathy.<br/><br/>I found some of the resolutions awkward, and perhaps a bit rushed after all the build-up preceding them. I came away from the book a bit concerned about readers who may take all that its author presents as fact, for plotting purposes, as just that: historically certain truth. But approached as a work of speculative fiction, which is the only way I could approach it, this is one cracking fine read! I don't wonder at its sales record, which I'm sure its controversial subject matter has greatly increased.
 After a short honeymoon with this book where I was smitten by the unrelenting presentation of interesting facts and information in a midly entertaining fashion, I became increasingly irritated. Within 5 chapters I could predict the structure and conclusion of every subsequent chapter. The shameless manipulation of narrative to allow for more of the author's ideas to be disseminated became more and more transparent. While not as badly written or as execrable as the Celestine Prophecies of some years ago, Da Vinci shares the same basic problem which is that underneath it all, it is a mediocre book with a host of interesting ideas. On top of that is the problem that some of the ideas are whoppingly spurious. See other critics for some glaring examples. The list is too long for a short commentary.<br/>On the other hand I read it in one day and it was an effortless read. And that seems to be the current qualification for greatness these days.
 As has been mentioned, the main thrust of this plot has been covered in "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" (which this book does credit.)<br/>However, most of the book moves rather quickly, until the last hundred pages where the author gets a little carried away with the symbol deciphering and a lot of different locations.<br/>I have read (and loved) all of the author's other books, but this is the only one that didn't seem to have it's plot as well-thought out as the others.<br/>But I am just nit-picking: it's very refreshing to have a thriller-writer who can lift the genre into a new intellectual realm.<br/>I recommend this book (as with all of Dan Brown's books) very strongly: for a quick read and something interesting to learn.
 I had a very good time reading this book. I am fascinated by puzzles, word games and cyphers, and I have more respect for history and science than for blind religion. Therefore this book met all of my expectations. The author's style is particular (many very short chapters) but it fits the style of the story and it didn't bother me (unlike other reviewers). And the fact that the book (cover) contains a bunch of extra information you wouldn't expect (check out the book's web site) did feed my hunger for more puzzles and games. This book is close to the best you can get. Why not the best ? Because the author sometimes seems to add too much non-fiction (information) that is not enough related to the plot, just for the purpose of showing how much research he did - though the research is likely limited to the list of books included in the story. He should've avoided this pitfall, and the book would've been the best.
 The Da Vinci Code blurs the lines between fiction and fact - in a way that comes across to me as deceptive, false and willfully misleading - such that many readers actually believe the book exposes the truth about "the Church."  And many more wonder what is true and what is "fiction."  As a parish priest, I have spoken with countless confused people - who have read the book, and simply don't know what to make of the supposedly factual remarks by the book's "scholarly" characters.<br/>I like historical fiction - James Michener, Ken Follett, and Umberto Eco are favorites of mine.  By different degrees of creative brilliance, Michener, Follett and Eco have each written books which merge bible or church history with legend and their own invention.  Michener and Follett are known for a high degree of factual content in their novels,  and Umberto Eco is himself a university academic.<br/>Eco is handy for a comparison with Dan Brown.  At least three of Eco's books - Name of the Rose, Foucault's Pendulum and Baudolino -- involve an intellectually challenging and delighting blend of invention and historical fact concerning the Church.  Eco himself is rather like the real-life version of Dan Brown's Robert Langdon character.  The Robert Langdon character in Angels and Demons and Da Vinci Code is a professor of the fictional discipline called "symbology" - Umberto Eco is a professor of the real-life academic discipline called semiotics.  Eco is an agnostic - with no Christian agenda at all.  Meanwhile, author Dan Brown appears to have an explicitly anti-Christian sensibility.  As well, Eco often writes fantastic stories involving the Church, the Knights Templar, Post Modern philosophy, etc.  Sort of like Brown.<br/>But the difference between the two appears to be this: Eco doesn't make claims of fact which anybody with a basic church history text and a Bible dictionary can demolish in under five minutes.  Brown does.  Moreover, it seems that Brown mixes fact with open fraud.  Yet, Brown could have written pretty much the same book, without making up a single historical fact.  He could have criticized historic Christianity, taken up the cause of women, and triumphed the place of the "sacred feminine" within the factual context of real Church history.  He likewise could have retold the same Holy Grail stuff - with little or no need to invent anything outside of the now vast canon of established Grail Lore.<br/>Now, I basically enjoyed the Da Vinci Code, except for those times when I saw an outright factual lie and felt my blood pressure go up.  And I will never have time to address every single error made by The Da Vinci Code, but I hope to address the things, which drove me the most nuts.<br/>Most important, perhaps, I address the themes raised by the book, which are of great importance for Modern Christians.  Most important of these are: where is the feminine side of Biblical theology and our understanding of the divine; what roles did women have in the early church of the first two or three generations; how did the early church grapple with gnosticism, the creation of the canon of Scripture, and the eventual rise of "imperial Christianity...
 Mr. Brown's wonder work "The Da Vinci Code" suceeds in diluting true Christianity in the most subtle and not so subtle ways. On literary merit alone it is average. Most people love a good conspiracy theory and well liberal Hollywood loves it... because it does what they love, undermines the truth and historical facts of Jesus Christ.<br/><br/>Liberal Hollywood hated seeing the "Passion of the Christ" and despised the accuracy of it, but they devour the "Da Vinci"<br/><br/> If you are interested in truth I would recommend another more fascinating, compelling and honest book, that IS worthy of its' best-seller status...the Bible
 A book with some strange and alarming news about the last supper!! and a book that will keep you up throughout the night. The story revolves around a symbolist, who hails from Harvard, and who is invited to the louvre to meet the curator while he is in Paris. But before they meet the curator is attacked, and as he is dying, he leaves clues which he illustrates with his own blood for the police. Sure enough he writes the professors name, which is enough evidence to book him.  Then comes Sophie Neveu, the curators granddaughter who happens to be a cryptologist; she believes in the professors innocence and together they set out to solve the Da Vinci Code. It�s a great adventure, a real page-turner and I recommend it for sheer entertainment. Now if you're looking for a few other interesting titles that will keep you glued to your seat look no further than these, Buckland's Hot List: most creative, The Butterfly: A Fable (Singh); most engaging, The Alchemist (Coelho); most interesting, Life of Pi (Martel); most enlightening, 9-11 (Chomsky); most thrilling, The Lovely Bones: A Novel (Sebold); and finally, the most creative, engaging, interesting, enlightening and thrilling book of all, The Little Prince (Saint-Exupery). These are the books I'd recommend to my family, friends, students, and wife. There are many more, trust me, but these are the first that come to mind (for having left an impact slight or proud as it may be). If you have any questions, queries, or comments, or maybe even a title you think I should add to my list, please feel free to e-mail me. I'm always open to a good recommendation. Thanks for reading my brief but hopefully helpful review. Happy reading. Donald S. Buckland.
 This is the worst book I have ever read. I read it because everyone around me raved about it: how interesting and intriguing it was, how much it made them want to learn more about Christ, etc etc. While I do admit that it did make people want to research and learn, there are more than a few points about this book that make it bad:<br/>1) Style of writing. His style is awkward, amateur at best, like someone's who has absolutely no training nor affinity for writing. The sentence structure is horrible. The dialogue is stale and predictable.<br/><br/>2) Boring and predictable plot. It reminded me of a computer language loop that goes from 1 to 4 and goes something like this: the apostle is dying, we need to save him, let's decode by which method and where he is dying, let's rush there, oops we didn't make it. The plot is recycled from "Angels and Demons", where very similar thing happens, albeit with a  slightly different theme. And then there is the cheese factor.<br/><br/>3) Lack of character development<br/><br/>These are just the few things that are wrong with the book in a pure literary sense.<br/><br/>As far as the historical plot, well, if you are interested in occult, go and read some non-fiction. Do your research.<br/><br/>To summarize, this book holds absolutely no value as a work of fiction since it basically fails to deliver on every point where great books should deliver. Read it on the beach, and throw it in the trash, or better yet....don't waste your time.
 It's now a little after 3 am and I have just finished Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/> It pained me having to do mundane things such as sleep, eat and go to work because they kept me form reading this great story. What I really like about Dan Brown books is the labyrinth type of ride he slaps you on. He takes a few key characters and then twists them through so many universal feelings and hidden emotions that you no longer know who the bad guy is and who's really good. Having read Robert Langdon's first story in Angels and Demons two weeks ago put me back in the comfy set of a great adventure.<br/><br/>The main idea is to take the reader on a sort of a scavenger hunt along with Langdon and Sophie Neveu as they uncover ancient clues that gathered together wits of many famous artists and scientist on a grand search of the Holy Grail. This story is one of Brown's signature 24 hour type escapades. He takes hours and not days to solve a plot that really looks obscenely cryptic to an average person. I would hate to spoil anything but all I can say it that as most fiction books there are facts and then there's writing, fantasy and taking your readers faith for a ride, make them chose what in the story inspires their personal beliefs.<br/><br/>This is a great tale, which reads like a movie and takes no time whatsoever to complete. It might look large and impressive but your eyes will melt it like butter on warm bread. I got sucked in the hidden evil guy, The Teacher who knew everyone's move and who could have literally been just about anyone, Silas the pink eye albino who made me feel sorrow at the end and changed my mind about a few things, close inspection of famous works of art sparked interest I had in them when studying art history at school, running through tombs, churches on foreign soil, solving  a family guarded secret and fishing out the answer to what it was all about - because you might sit at the edge of your eat a few times when the really good parts happed and the smooth writing simply pulled it all together. I had a great time reading this, and I personally think that this story can be very individual and doesnt have to have any negativeity towards it, so relax and enjoy! Da Vinci Code doesn't bite, much...
 In the preface to the hard-cover version, Dan Brown claims that although his is a novel, therefore a work of fiction, "all descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate." Additionally, Brown has made use of every opportunity to present his novel as historical fact. In an interview with Matt Lauer on NBC Today (Oct 10, '05), Brown claimed that "absolutely all of it ... is historical fact." If he himself were not so insistent that his novel is based on legitimate history, I would be happy to dismiss his work as mere whimsical fiction. Sadly, that is not the case. There are many instances of his historical blunders. I'll cite just two examples here.<br/><br/>Brown is a talented story-teller, but a poor historian. On page 232, he claims that pagans and Christians were "warring" so fiercely that the conflict "threatened to rend Rome in two. Constantine decided something had to be done. In 325 A.D., he decided to unify Rome under a single religion. Christianity." The fact is, Constantine simply granted freedom of worship to Christians in 313 in the Edict of Milan, for Christianity was not regarded as a legal religion at that time. Not until 381 during Theodosius' reign was Christianity made the state religion. And if state and popular persecution of Christians can be considered "warring," I suppose Brown may not be too far from the truth on that account.<br/><br/>On page 233, Brown also claims that it was at the Council of Nicaea in 325 that Church leaders decided by vote to make Jesus divine. " U]ntil that moment in history, Jesus was viewed by His followers as a mortal prophet". However, the Council of Nicaea had nothing to do with deciding Jesus' divinity. The main subject was Arius' contention that Jesus was not co-eternal with God, a notion which was condemned 300 to 2. As early as the latter part of the first century, documents have been found which demonstrate that Jesus' followers regarded Him as God ("My Lord and my God" - John 20:28, 1:1  AD 85-95]; Titus 2:13  AD mid-60s]; Hebrews 1:8-10  AD pre-70]; 2 Peter 1:1  AD 68-90]).<br/><br/>Although Brown has written a good yarn, his repeated and outspoken claims to historicity mar an otherwise enjoyable read.
 A murder victim's last desperate effort to pass along an ancient secret kicks off a real page-turner of a thriller.  Dan Brown does a masterful job of weaving art history, symbology, and ancient Christian rumors and conspiracy theories into a compelling murder mystery.  The rich detail built into each chapter has the reader all but booking travel to Paris and London to experience the settings and the history; the provocative thesis surrounding the Holy Grail will have the reader searching the web and amazon.com for additional information.<br/>So why only 3 stars?  Other critical reviewers have correctly blasted the way Brown hits the reader over the head Heinlein-style with his lectures and theories-as-fact. As the plot progresses talk supplants action (a huge no-no for murder mysteries); the story timeline is actually faster than the elapsed time required to read the book.  Robert Langdon goes from professor to suspect-on-the-run back to professor, and the book grinds to a monotonous crawl as a result.<br/>In addition Brown asks the reader to suspend belief too many times.  In the opening scene a masterpiece is ripped from the wall of the Louvre, followed by approximately 15-20 minutes of (implied) dialog, a shooting, and some fancy multi-layered puzzle set-up.  Reality would seem to dictate that half the Paris police would arrive within 90 seconds of the alarm going off.  Later police let Langdon, now a suspected high-profile mass murderer, escape not once but twice, and still later police let a hulking albino shoot his way out of a trap and, while seriously wounded, carry an injured bystander into a hospital and then walk out.  Yeah right.  And don't even get me started about "The Teacher".<br/>Perhaps the most serious fault, however, is the lack of character development.  As implausible as it sounds, we learn more about the albino assassin than anyone else.  In a normal murder mystery this wouldn't be an issue, but given the nature of Brown's central thesis character development is an absolute must.  Without giving too much away, the ending only makes sense (and, in hindsight, the book is only satisfying) if we learn far more about the character with the famous lineage.  Instead that character is vapid and one dimensional, a true throw-away caricature found in any Mickey Spillane whodunit or even, dare I say it, certain late-night Cinemax productions.<br/>By all means, pick up a copy of The Da Vinci Code, spend several nights reading it, and then spend a few more nights researching the Holy Grail.  It's a best seller, so you should be able to borrow a friend's copy.  When you're done you'll probably return to bookmarked Holy Grail "Favorites" on your web browser rather than the book itself, so I don't recommend that you actually buy it.
 The writing is bad.  The characters are one-dimensional stick figures.  The plot is unbelievable.  I had to force myself to finish the book.  I am not sure what Mr. Brown is trying to accomplish here.  There are many interesting references to Christian and pagan myth, but these are not seamlessly woven into the story, rather they are delived as little lectures that jerk us out of the story.  Given the extremely interesting buidling blocks of Jesus Christ, Mary Magdalene, the Holy Grail and Opus Dei, this could have perhaps been a great book in the hands of a good writer.  As it is, I wish I hadn't bothered.  In fact, I am irritated that I wasted money and time on such an amateur effort.
 Do you want to read a spellbinding book about ancient religious secrets, and a murder that entangles the secrets? Well then read The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown. With each turn of the page the book becomes more and more captivating that you won't want to put it down.<br/><br/>The story is full of twists and turns that will amaze you. Mixing with definite truths and facts, Brown makes his novel sound extremely convincing and inevitably deceives you from what's real and what's not. The detail and time Brown puts into the book is amazing. He is a master at weaving fact and fiction so closely that they almost blur.<br/><br/>The death of curator Jacques Saunière unfolds the mysterious path towards the Holy Grail and the truth about Sophie's family. Brown keeps you engaged by unveiling new, mystifying secrets about the Priory of Sion and the Holy Grail. He has a magnificent talent of interlacing famous works of art, religion, and hidden messages with ciphers as a part of the story, as well as the story as a whole.<br/><br/>Ciphers are key to the story. Grand Master Saunière leaves behind a puzzling message behind causing the police to suspect Robert Langdon. This one message, "13-3-2-21-1-1-8-5 / O, Draconian devil!  / Oh, lame saint!" (43), acts as a catalyst to unveiling the hidden secret of the Holy Grail, and causes Langdon to the prime suspect of a murder investigation. Who would ever guess that just a few words and numbers could cause so much trouble?<br/><br/>Although Brown constantly shifts the setting of the scene between Silas and Langdon, the story is still very easy to follow and addicting. The ending is enchanting yet puzzling. We see a blissful scene of Sophie finally reuniting with her grandmother and brother, who she thought had died in a car accident years ago, but we never see whether the Holy Grail truly lies beneath La Pyramide Inversèe.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is an excellent thriller that keeps the reader engaged, excited, spellbound, and breathless. I highly recommend this novel.
 I found the first half of this book really interesting and catchy; even the "historical" data is very interesting (I looked at the last supper, and indeed there is a woman sitting to the right of jesuschrist).  Even with the new research on the historical persona of Christ (he never really existed but his life is a series of compilations from other religions), it is interesting to read how he was seen by freethinkers of other ages.<br/>However once the fact throwing stops and the characters start changing sides the plot turns into a "hollywoodlike thriller" and you almost want to put the book down.
 When I went about reading this book, I knew it was FICTION.  However, I knew that some of the things discussed in it were based on true things, or things some people believe.  With those things in mind- I enjoyed the book very much!<br/><br/>The basic plot was about Sophie and Robert, two people that fate threw together who were now on the run from the police and on a search for the Holy Grail.  Secrets abound!!  People are not who they seem!  Interesting theory after theory is discussed as these two race across Europe to avoid being not only losing the secret of the Grail and find out it's true meaning- but to avoid being murdered.<br/><br/>The book was quite fast paced, with short chapters- which I liked.  I also began to like the characters in the book and began to wonder how it would end- would they find out the secret of the Grail?  With many twists and turns up until the very end, this book kept me on the edge of my seat.  It was worth the read, and it certainly made me think about my religion in a different light.  Again- if you go into reading this book with the mind-set that this is fiction, I think you'll enjoy it as you would any fiction mystery or suspense novel.
 This book is one of the better books I have read in some time.  A good book gives you a plot that makes you want to keep reading. A very good book makes you think about the book when you set it down and days after reading it.<br/>The DaVinci angle is very good.<br/>Only complaint of the book is the main characters never sleep or eat and solve some of the great mystery on the fly.  The author could have allowed them a break somewhere between Europe and England for a bath and potty break.<br/>The main character is awoken at midnight after a long day and never stops.<br/>I enjoyed the book and hopefully you will also...<br/>Also noticed where the main stream media are starting to talk about if Jesus was married now, I bet this book has raised that question.
 A fun but somewhat typical thriller-mystery-page turner surrounding the big questions of who Jesus and Mary Magdalene really were, and what is the Holy Grail. The biggest problem for me was the fact that Dan Brown literally interwove facts with theories and fiction; I didn't know what was true or not, or even if the book itself was considered fiction or not. An example was when the author exclaims that Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene, and that the Roman Catholic Church tried to conceal this 'fact' by portraying Mary as a prostitute and Jesus as a virgin. Is this truly a fact, simply a theory, or a piece of fiction that Dan Brown is well aware of? Some of the author's claims I can just assume are incorrect, such as to what the Grail supposedly is, or that the person to the right of Jesus in Da Vinci's The Last Supper could be one of several people. But should a mystery book really make you constantly question the supposed given facts?<br/><br/>The book is about the murder of the well known curator of the Louvre, who in his last moments alive creates a secret message to his granddaughter, Sophie Neveu and a Harvard professor of religious symbology, Robert Langdon. After solving the message, the two are brought on a trail of clues to where and what the Holy Grail is. The story also mixes together the big questions with, of course, the genius of Leonardo Da Vinci. Not only does it include some of  his paintings, but his famous drawing, The Vitruvian Man, and his 'supposed' never finished invention called the cryptex, a portable vault. Being interested in Da Vinci, I really like the concept of a mystery that includes his work. Dan Brown adds a side of romance as revealed at the end. I couldn't help but think that ever since the Harvard professor described Sophie as attractive, the two of them ending up dating was completely inevitable. As for the mystery of who "The Teacher" was, towards the end it became clear that there were only so many options for his identity to be climatic, despite the clues that had threw me off, kind of like a Scooby Doo episode. The real mystery of the book is of course the Holy Grail.<br/><br/>Overall, I liked the book. Despite it's flaws, It is a fun, fairly simple read. As almost anyone who has read it will tell you, it is hard to stop reading; It seemed like there was always a compelling mystery on the verge of being solved just as I wanted to put the book down. The ending is satisfying enough, something that you would definitely hope for after such a treasure hunt. The whole concept of the 'truth' of Jesus and Mary Magdalene is very interesting plot compared to a typical mystery, the book's enigma is based around a huge and puzzling question. In addition, Dan Brown incorporates pieces of Da Vinci's work, making the story even more interesting. But as absorbing as the book is, it seemed like a lot of what I was fascinated from it was fiction.  Overall, I'd give the book a three and a half out of five, as in a seven out of ten.<br/><br/>Ray Mullin
 I love this book.  It was riveting and I couldn't stop reading it.  I actually took some vacation days after buying it because I wanted to just read it all day long.  While the books make so many parts of the story sound true, it shouldn't be taken as fact.  It is a story and designed to make things larger and more exciting that in reality.  Use your own judgement and enjoy the book for its story, not what facts it does or doesn't depict correctly
 If Dan Brown is really serious about "ideas" and "controversies" here he is not only a pluperfect moron but one of the funniest pluperfect morons I have ever read! Somehow I don't think the two go together, so I am guessing that he a) is NOT serious about it and b) has done one of the most stupendous hype jobs in the history of publishing.<br/><br/>As a very serious and somewhat conservative Christian, I read the book just to see what the noise is all about. What I found was an implausible plotline, a less-than-well-refined style, and what seemed to me like someone having a huge laugh at the expense of the credulous public. Great it is certainly not. Fun it is, and funny, too.<br/><br/>The book reads like a parody of Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum," which is itself a dark parody of that community obsessed with the occult and bristling with lunatic conspiracy theories. Brown is more readable than Eco, which is not saying much.<br/><br/>As to the subject matter, unless he has made claims elsewhere, I do not find Brown -- whether in the text, a foward, or subsequent notes -- making any claims as to the historical validity of the underlying thesis. If he has claimed it elsewhere, it must be pure baseless hype that has paid off in spades.  The ideas are too bizarre and the "historical facts" too far off base from demonstrable reality to be taken seriously.<br/><br/>For example, the whole Council of Nicea thing.  The Council of Nicea did not settle on the Christian Canon. In fact, there was no official Catholic (let alone Protestant) position on the Canon until a hundred years or more after the Protestant Reformation. The Christian Canon was an evolutionary thing, that was essentially decided -- insofar as it was "decided" at all -- by consensus among the Christian churches of the first three or four centuries after Jesus. The basis of their acceptance was whether each writing appeared to be authentically produced by or in close association with someone who actually knew Jesus.  The writing also had to be consistent with those other writings already accepted on that basis. The Gnostic "gospels" met none of these criteria and were produced at significantly later dates. The canon has often been debated and some books challenged even since then. (See Eusebius's history of the church. Eusebius was Bishop of Caesarea and closely associated with Constantine.) If the Council did not settle the Canon, how can it have supressed anything?<br/><br/>There are too many such discrepancies to review them all, but Brown seems to be a reasonably intelligent author, so surely he must know (and not care) how thin this "evidence" really is.<br/><br/>Other things are just too ludicrous to take seriously, and I am convinced that Brown knows it and is enjoying the joke.  Even the non-Christian or anti-Christian would have to admit that Jesus was at the very least a Jewish prophet, whose teachings affirmed absolutely the singularity of God, God's sole claim to the allegiance of humankind, and the moral and spiritual truths of the Hebrew law and prophets. Now picture this man marrying a woman who would run off to France and essentially institute an Isis cult!!!!!!! ROFL<br/><br/>How can Brown be anything but tongue-in-cheek when halfway down the list of grand masters of the Priory of Sion, there appears the name of a character from "The Golden Girls?"
 Dan Brown's book, "The Da Vinci Code" can be viewed as a test to determine how receptive the readers mind is to new ideas. Be warned, some of the ideas presented in this story can be very uncomfortable for some people, depending on their religious convictions and on their receptivity. However, the material contained in his book is relevant on several levels.<br/><br/> First, the plot deals with a theme which is near the hearts of hundreds of millions of potential readers, namely the history of the Christian Church. The story challenges readers with new information which may not agree with what they think they already know.<br/><br/> Second, the book is exquisitely well researched, drawing from documents as old as the 1st century, through medievel Holy Grail legends, through Renaissance paintings, and ties them together into what the British used to call "a ripping yarn".<br/><br/> Third, although most of the characters in the book are fictional, many of the concepts presented in the story are historically true. It is perhaps this last point which has created the greatest amount of controversy.<br/><br/> The book develops the idea that before Christianity, many religions embraced a balanced worldview in which the sacred feminine principle and the sacred masculine principle joined to maintain harmony. That this was once the case is evident from the mythology of many cultures, with their pantheons of gods and goddesses. However, Brown writes that Jesus embraced these ideas as well, a notion which would have been radical to patriarchal Jews of that time, and would certainly have stepped on the toes of the Jewish clergy.<br/><br/> Brown does a good job of supporting this idea, and echoes what is documented in many other historical non-fiction works, such as "The Chalice And The Blade" by Riane Eisler.<br/><br/> Perhaps the most difficult aspect of the story for some readers to accept is that in addition to his revolutionary teachings, Jesus lived as did other Jewish men in his culture, and took a wife, Mary Magdelene, and had children with her, descendants of whom survive in the present day. Documents written in the first century comment on Jesus relationship with Mary, however these were eventually suppressed several hundred years later following the Nicean council. Interestingly, the four canonical gospels do not specifically deny that Jesus married, and are completely silent regarding his life between age 12 and age 30. Any given reader will accept or reject this premise of a married Jesus depending primarily on what they choose to accept as evidence.<br/><br/> Whether a reader believes that Jesus married or not, the premise does make a great "what if" foundation on which to construct a thrilling story, in a manner similar to "what if" the Ark of the Covenant were still in existence, and an archeologist found it? (i.e. Raiders of the Lost Ark). One does not need to actually believe that the Ark still exists, or even that it ever existed, in order to be entertained. Such is the case with "The Da Vinci Code".<br/><br/> As was the case with films such as "The Last Temptation of Christ", many (although certainly not all) Christians do not like to hear that what they already believe may not be completely accurate.<br/>For some people, anything which might require a readjustment in thinking is automatically branded a falsehood. These are the people who picket movie theatres protesting films which they have never seen, or who write reviews slamming books which they have never read.<br/> In an ironic manner, these people become part of a  policy of suppression which attempts to block access to alternative information which presents a different view. As one who prefers to weigh both sides of issues and decide for myself what makes more sense, all the protests and denials made me want to read the book, and see to the film, even more.<br/><br/> Although difficult for some to admit, the reality is that sometimes new information becomes available which renders previous understandings obsolete. For example, we now know that diseases are caused by germs and virus, and not by an imbalance in "four humours", as was once believed. We now know that Earth is spherical, and orbits the Sun, instead of being flat and located at the center of the Universe, as widely believed by Christians for over 1000 years (the ancient pagans knew better, as proven by their surviving writings). Some of the information in this book will be "new information" to some people, others already were aware of the historical elements which form the basis for this story.<br/><br/> (spoiler alert!)"The Da Vinci Code" does not slander either the Catholic Church or Opus Dei, rather (spoiler alert!) the villian turns out to be one corrupt individual who arranges events to cause these two organizations to appear implicated in some of the goings-on.<br/><br/> I found the book to be sufficiently well written and interesting that I read it through in parts of three days. Nothing I read offended me, I read with an open mind and tended to think "Well, it COULD have happened that way". I've not yet seen the movie, but was aware that Tom Hanks, Audrey Tautou and Ian McKellan were cast in leading roles, so I tended to see them in their roles as I read.<br/><br/> I enjoyed this book very much, and look forward to the movies release on DVD.
 My cousin raved about this book and suggested that I would love it since I'm a bit of a Renaissance buff.  Like the other reviewers, I found this an entertaining page-turner, but I'm a bit surprised to see references to his "impeccable research" since I recognized a number of inaccuracies off the bat and cursory research revealed several more. His stretches and distortions of history are forgivable--after all, it's a suspense novel, not a scholarly treatise--but it's a bit disturbing to see the faith with which readers embrace his dubious assertions. By all means, enjoy the story, but take everything with a grain of salt.  And don't read it if you're already knowledgeable about cryptography or religious symbolism and are easily irritated, since the cryptographer and symbologist make an excessive to-do over some fairly simple allusions.  I guess it adds to the thrill to be able to feel smug about solving all the puzzles before the experts.  Brown manages to make cabbalistic mysteries transparent and accessible, which is a logical contradiction, but what the heck, it's fun.<br/>However, I can't resist quoting Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum" (which covers the same territory with defiantly inaccessible flair):  "The lunatic is all idee fixe, and whatever he comes across confirms his lunacy.  You can tell him by the liberties he takes with common sense, by his flashes of inspiration, and by the fact that sooner or later he brings up the Templars."
 I won't even go into the historical or theological inaccuracies of this hack piece of work. What I will tell you is that this "novel" is his previous work, "Angels And Demons", just with different character names.<br/>The beginning involves the murder of a prominent intellectual figure by a secret society. The book's main character, Robert Langdon, a Harvard Sybologist (semioticist?) is yet again brought in to assist on the esoteric clues left behind.<br/>We have Langdon yet again thrown in with a female character who is related to the murder victim. He has to deal once more with thick-headed law officials possessing no imagination. Once more there is a race against time...<br/>Reading this book was a bad case of deja vu!<br/>Mr. Brown, please think of a different plot and more complex characters for your next novel. Also (most importantly), do better research if you're going to continue doing these so-called "religious/conspiro" thrillers.
 The pacing of the story is great.  The author certainly manages to grab your interest at the end of every chapter, forcing you to continue reading to satisfy your curiosity.  So I was never bored.  But I was expecting brilliance and instead I found that the mystery and the puzzles were just ok.  The characters were mediocre.  Even though some may find the religious topic thought provoking, this book doesn't require deep thinking.  I read this book very quickly.  I think I would have enjoyed it more if I hadn't heard all the rave reviews.  Entertaining read, but no wows from this reader.
 I just finished re-reading The Da Vinci Code; this is still by far the best book of the Robert Langdon series. As this book has been around for quite some time, there is really nothing original I can add.  If you haven't read this story yet, and like fast moving suspense filled action stories, go ahead and see why so many from around the world have enjoyed this story.
 This is truly a page-turner: I finished it in one day.  The action hurtles along relentlessly, with fascinating detail as well as (largely) erudite commentary.  It's so much fun that it seems churlish to complain, but there were enough errors, inaccuracies, improbabilities, and contrivances large and small to create a nagging feeling of sloppiness and manipulation.<br/>Call me a nitpicker, but I'm sick and tired of having people state a word as Latin when it is Greek (the opposite is rarer): a scholar such as Brown should know better.  Referring to a sports car as an Astin Martin (at least twice) when it should be Aston Martin reveals sloppy research and editing.  No Briton would ever say "downtown London": this is one of many similar slip-ups in tone.  The Seine's waters should be "turbid", not "turgid".  And the author falls into the usual trap of Western-centered blindness when he totally ignores the 1000-year history of Byzantium, the real mediaeval Roman Empire, and the Eastern Orthodox Church.  He is in good company there: there was even a successful book called "How the Irish Saved Civilization"--as if Byzantium (not to mention the Arabs) never existed.<br/>Enough of the sloppiness.  Let's move on to improbability and contrivance.  Would a real conspirator use a hulking albino monk as the assassin?  Why not have him carry a 10-foot sign "I am a killer", or have it tatooed on his forehead?  And how does the hulking albino monk end up from a French port, where he kills someone, to a prison in Andorra, a tiny landlocked principality in the Pyrenees?  The way the conspiracy works is ingenious but contrived and unsatisfying.  The Louvre curator and his granddaughter use English in their elaborate riddles for the convenience of the English-speaking readers, and the reasons given are contrived.  This is just a small sampling of many things that strain credibility.<br/>Character development is not a strong suit of the author by any means.  All characters are one-dimensional, simply means to the end of carrying the plot forward, or sounding boards for the outpourings of symbology, dubious history, etc.  Some, such as the Capitaine of the Judicial Police or Sir Leigh are out-and-out caricatures.<br/>Finally, there is enough mystical and secret society claptrap here to choke a horse.<br/>Maybe I expected too much.  Even Umberto Eco ("The Name of the Rose", "Foucault's Pendulum"), who ploughed very similar ground wonderfully well, does not succeed on every level.  And Dan Brown is no Umberto Eco.<br/>So, why did I give this book three stars?  Because it is a cracking good yarn, entertaining, a real page-turner; and because it contains lots of provocative explanations about the use of symbols, the presumed suppression of the "sacred fiminine" by the early Christian church, the origins of Christian misogyny, the nature of the Bible, and the uneasy but interesting relationship between Christianity and paganism.  A nicely written adventure story that makes one think is worth the price.  If it could also be meticulously researched and edited, with effortless erudition, flawless prose and excellent character development, it would be a truly fine thing.  That's why I like Patrick O'Brian.  But that's another story.
 C'mon, folks, let's relax...this is one terrific book, not great, but excellent. As a devout Christian, I almost failed to read it, having heard weird things: heretical, sacrilegious, etc. Guys, it's just a NOVEL, wonderfully detailed and meticulously researched, but just a NOVEL. I would not put it in a class with the greatest suspense-thrillers such as LeCarre's Spy Who Came in from the Cold and George Smiley books, or Forsythe's Day of the Jackal, but pretty close.<br/>And anyone who's worried about DaVinci portaying the figure we usually believe to be John,"the beloved apostle" as a woman, evidently it never bothered the pope at the time or the Catholic Church all these years, and it is, of course, a painting, not a photograph. Relax.  Like most readers, I researched some of the societies, etc. in DaVinci, and discovered some to be real, others not, and others still in question.<br/>Reading ANGELS AND DEMONs later, no one can fail to see a formula: start with a gruesome torture-murder. (Maybe to be sure he's got your attention and to warn off those who are just not into torture and murder.) The female interest is the granddaughter or adopted daughter of the first victim, and the main assassin is really weird, if not a giant albino monk, then an equally unusual character, I forget exactly what.  I happened to misplace ANGELS when about two-thirds finished and didn't really worry about it; by that time it was very predictable, especially as far as the least likely person being the villain.  I did find it again a few weeks later, kept on reading it and have to say there were some exciting parts toward the end.  Again, relax, enjoy, lighten up.
 ...which is really only intended to showcase a set of outrageous historical howlers.<br/>This book is a transparent attempt to undermine the faith of Christians -- and to pad the author's bank account.<br/>What begins as a fairly nifty thriller -- the first 75 pages or so are diverting, I do admit -- quickly gets bogged down in wildly inaccurate claims about the Catholic Church which any casual student of European history will be able to see through.<br/>The characters are totally static, standing there like featureless beaches upon which bogus historical "explanations" hammer interminably, wave upon wave upon wave.<br/>I only finished this bilious pile because relatives asked me to. I think they secretly feared that the "fascinating esoterica of history"-- as, I believe, the above review put it -- was true.<br/>But not to fear. This book is neither "fascinating" nor historical. It is pure fiddle-faddle, and don't waste your time or your money.
 Take one handsome, brilliant, and embarassingly humble college professor who has achieved celebrity despite the obscurity of his chosen area of study; add one beautiful and equally brilliant female counterpart integral to the male's progression through the story; drop in one phyical freak of nature hell-bent on destroying . . . anything; mix well with a healthy disregard of character, dialogue, and scene;  stir with a plot that threatens the world or at least our perception of reality. A shakey grasp of what constitutes prose and an ulterior motive behind conveying the story is a must.<br/>I have read a half-dozen books in the past few years that follow this recipe to the letter. It's an insult to completely ignore any attempt at originality. I might have been more forgiving, a summer blockbuster in book form, had it not been for the blatant stupidity of the main characters and of the story itself. As an example, the two main characters are scampering around the Louvre, searching for clues to a message that was left to them by the dying curator, who is also the woman's grandfather. Within a few pages, each figures out a clue that should have been obvious to both of them. Their opposite then says some variation of: "I should have seen that!" Infuriating.<br/>To his credit, the author has created a page-turner. Unfortunately, after a hundred pages and thinner wallet, you won't care enough to finish it.
 The research is astoundingly thorough.  You'll learn things about Catholicism, Paganism, the Bible and more that you've probably never heard.<br/>The "shock" here is that the story of Christ is not exactly as it was laid out in the bible.  To some of us, that's not exactly a shock, but those more orthodox who interpret the Bible literally--this book must seem like the biggest heresy of all.<br/>But the history is dead-on, and you're going to be surprised at how what you've been told for so long is not factually correct.  Even more cynical is why it came to be that way (although predictable).<br/>Definitely worth reading.  A quick read, too.
 If you are in search of a captivating book I have no better suggestion for you than the Da Vinci code.  As an art history/history major this book was like a review of everything I learned in college - quite an education!  But if you are not intereseted in history or art, don't pass it up. This is one of the most suspenseful, masterfully written books I've read in a long time, possibly ever.  While critics might call his quick chapters that end in a way that you just have to read the next chapter "formulaic", it works.  There are many unpredictable plot twists that will keep you guessing til the end. I began the book on a plane ride and finished it at 3 in the morning that night, barely being able to put it down in between.<br/>This book entertwines so much history with the religious hypotheses that it just seems so believable.  It will give you something to think about and talk about for months after you finish. In fact, you will be so interested in what you read that you will want to find out more about everything from the Knights Templar and Mary Magdalene to Opus Dei and the Priory of Sion.
 I picked up this book thinking it would be a simplistic and unfulfilling mystery.  I was surprised to find it a clever and very well thought out page-turner.  The first 100 or so pages are a little slow, but after that it is hard to put the book down.  Unlike some books (I'm looking your way Eco), this book doesn't have to pretend about how smart it is.  Is everything in the book true?  Of course not, but the book does suggest a dozen or more areas which readers can divert to if interested.  I think the greatest power a book has is to inspire more reading, and this book does that perfectly.
 I've been meaning to read 'The Da Vinci code' for several years now, but there were always tons of other books on my reading list. I finally went ahead and read it, just to figure out what the hype was all about.<br/><br/>One thing that immediately comes to attention is the overall quality of writing, which is mediocre at best. Dan Brown's overuse of flashbacks is particularly annoying. Most of these flashbacks do not have any significance whatsoever on the plot, but is just a convenient way to reveal new information. Not only does this distract the reader from the storyline, it also leaves you with the feeling that Brown was either too lazy or too incompetent to incorporate his information in a more natural way.<br/><br/>Brown does try to keep his writing fast and simple, and he does a good enough job at maintaining a steady pace in his book. However, he isn't able to avoid sounding too rushed and simplistic at times. He also often takes on a lecturing tone, giving you the feleling that he's looking down on the reader's intelligence. Character development is non existent as well, as all the characters remain two-dimensional figures, and there is no emotional attachment toward any of them whatsoever.<br/><br/>The plot itself also isn't particularly original; and you could see most of the plot "twists" from a mile away. The Teacher's identity especially, was so obvious at a certain point, that it was almost embarassing to see Brown trying to hide it in a not so subtle way<br/><br/>However, the puzzles and "facts" in the book are interesting enough to make the reader keep reading and forgive Brown his quality of writing, even if he tends to get his facts wrong, as many readers have remarked upon already. The puzzles were ingenious, but in some cases, you would expect a learned cryptologist, symbologist and historian would have less trouble with some these clues, since even I was able to figure out a couple of these puzzles.<br/><br/>In conclusion, Brown relies too much on his ideas, and fails to pay much attention to the actual quality of writing, and to the character and plot development. It is enjoyable enough if you have some time to kill, and if you're not looking for anything too demanding.
 This book's plot twisted and turned and as I got more and more engrossed in the story, I realized that not everything was as it seemed.<br/>I love mysteries and puzzles and this book wove both together flawlessly. I also checked out the Davinci Code's website after I finished reading the book and was delighted to solve the puzzles that led me into the site. You can't enter the site without solving them first. I was impressed that finally an author knew how to offer more to his readers on the web than the typical author bio and reviews of the book!<br/>I couldn't put this book down and would recommend it for anyone who loves a good mystery, and a good puzzle.
 The special illustrated edition of the Da Vinci Code was a pleasure to read. It was one of the most "fun" I have ever had reading a novel. The illustrations really added to the story as I am somewhat of a visual person.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is truly a great novel that keeps the reader in suspense from beginning to end. Dan Brown does a terrific job leaving you with just enough info and suspense to make you continually have to go on and read the next chapter. It is a book that most will find hard to put down once they open it up. The illustrated edition makes it even harder to put down as you now no longer need to go to your computer to check out events, icons, places, etc. that are mentioned throughout the novel.<br/><br/>While the illustrated edition is rather clunky and heavy to hold - much like a college text book - I do highly recommend this version. Having the 160+ illustrations right in front of you are worth the ungainly size &amp; weight of the book.
 I had heard so much about this book and about how fantastic it was.  I tried, I really tried to like the Da Vinci Code, but I could not finish it.<br/>It has a great story line, and Mr. Brown could have created great twists and turns with it--but he ran out of gas.  His style included a big twist (like a murder) in the story--then for twenty pages, the characters would talk about it.  Another big twist; and another twenty pages of discussion.<br/>That, and the fact he took true facts, tweaked them considerably, and then presented them to the reader as fact.<br/>I would have even liked if the book if it had been well written, but it was not.  Run on sentences, changes of person and numerous other discretions of writing made for a very choppy read.<br/>I really tried to like this book, but could not.
 The da Vinci Code is a remarkable book - I litterally could not put it down, the plot was so gripping.  The story revolves around an ancient secret society whose secret threatens the very foundations of Christianity and the Catholic church.  Suspense and mystery ensue as the "da Vinci Code" is attempted to be broken.<br/>In the midst of its gripping story line are fascinating nuggets of trivia ("the divine number" for example), allusions, double-entendres, histograms, puzzles, riddles and numerous twists and turns.<br/>It has been quite a while since I have read a book that I have enjoyed as thoroughly as this.  Highly recommended.
 This book is a 456 page long history and symbology lesson. You can just stop reading now-that's about all this book has to offer, along with a little intrigue on the side to keep the reader entertained.<br/><br/>Before I get into this review, I should point out that this Special Illustrated Edition is a godsend-I cannot imagine visualizing the settings or symbols properly from the text alone. I simply cannot realize how anyone could derive a shred of enjoyment from reading the normal version.<br/><br/>Firstly, the sheer amount of research involved in the writing of this novel is quite frankly insane. Dan Brown is clearly an incredibly dedicated man with an eye for detail. The use of setting and symbolism is flawless, beautiful, perfect.<br/><br/>That said, the other aspect-the intrigue-falls somewhat flat. The whole novel is started by an elaborate puzzle created by a man with fifteen minutes to live. I cannot bring myself to believe that a man with a bullet lodged in his stomach could create such an ELABORATE puzzle(Including the creation of several complex anagrams) in the brief time he had left, especially with a wound distracting him. The heroes of this story stumble through the novel, being saved by one odd coincidence after another.<br/><br/>Furthermore, this novel loses a star because of the sheer mass of idiots who do not comprehend why it is placed in the 'fiction' section.<br/><br/>Although I would hesitate to call this a truly bad book, I can safely say I won't be picking it up and rereading it again any time soon.
 The premise of this book, a search for the mythical "Holy Grail" and the subsidiary premises - 1) that the Grail is not a "thing" but a person and/or relationship and 2) that a secret society has kept secret the location of this person and information for several centuries, is a little much to believe.<br/>Dan Brown has a very good grasp of history in regard to the Grail, the Knights Templar, Freemasonry and the semi-legendary mythos surrounding these entities, but its clear that he hasn't really delved into the theological inconsistencies of adopting the theories espoused in his book.<br/>To make the case that Mary Magdalene was the "Holy Grail", that she rivaled Peter for the leadership of Christianity after Jesus' death, that she and Jesus had an intimate relationship that yielded children whose descendants are alive today, calls into the question the entire basis for Jesus' mission on Earth.  I can't think of a single main-line Protestant denomination that would accept such an idea - obviously the Roman Catholic church would reject it outright.<br/>Such a scenario creates too many inconsistencies, in fact, to make possible the belief in Jesus as divine.  So what this book really ends up promoting, as an (un)intentional consequence, is unbelief.<br/>If you're like me, you tend to think that ideas with little merit die-out rather quickly while those that bear strong elements of truth and believability survive.  The ideas espoused in this book have been around for a while, but never accepted by anything but a lunatic fringe of conspiracists.  Meanwhile, the Roman Catholic church continues to add members to its ranks worldwide 2000 years after the death of Christ.  You make the choice.
 I really enjoyed this novel.  Dan Brown has a style of writing that grips you from the beginning and takes you on a vivid journey until the end.  There is a lot of controversy about the subject matter within this book, but I find it simply a wonderful work of fiction.  The philosophy and purported history discussed in the novel are compelling and work well to drive the plot as you begin to unravel the clues with Langdon.  I would recommend this book to anyone because it was such a fun read. It kept me guessing until the end, even having watched the movie before reading the book.  Maybe I'm an easy-to-please kind of guy, but I just thought it was a great page-turner!
 The curator of the Louvre museum in Paris has been murdered, leaving behind a string of clues--not to his murderer's identity, but to a secret for which he and others like him have been responsible for keeping.  Faced with the idea that the secret might die with him, he spends his last minutes setting up a treasure hunt for two people:  his granddaughter, a cryptologist with the French version of the FBI, and Robert Langdon, a professor of symbology.  Together they embark on what turns out to be a quest for the Holy Grail, but a Holy Grail unlike anything the reader has ever heard of.  Or so the author seems to hope.<br/>This novel relies very highly on the supposed sensational nature of the secret.  Much of the drama, especially in the early parts of the book, hinges on interrupted revelations.  Unfortunately if you already have read the source material, or have been exposed to Mr. Brown's subject before, the contrived nature of his plot becomes not only apparent but tedious.  As a digest of various...alternative religious beliefs, secret societies, philosophies and conspiracy theories, this volume is not without interest.  However, the writing is pedantic, sometimes sounding as if it had been excerpted verbatim from various encyclopaediae.  In other areas the plodding conversations, stereotyped characters and trite similes also make the reading a trial.<br/>I have to admit my reading habits are eclectic, but I had a hard time believing in the blindness of the main characters when it came to the puzzles;  more often than not I solved them full chapters before Mr. Langdon and company.  I also didn't find the ending any great surprise.<br/>In spite of its faults, _The DaVinci Code_ does manage to be a page turner and as such is a relatively quick read.  My disapointment stems from the fact that I was hoping for some new treatment of the subject matter and didn't find any. I give the book credit for taking the subject into the realm of popular fiction and exposing it to a wider audience than it has heretofore enjoyed.  But I can't help but think that had the topic not been in itself so controversial, _The Da Vinci Code_ just wouldn't have gained such noteriety.  The quality just isn't there.
 This is one of the best books I have read so far. I see a surprising number of reviews on here that disagree, but please be your own judge. You really have to try this book. Love it or hate it, I think it will become a classic. Even if you do not agree with the controversial issues this story brings up, the book still makes you think, especially if you do not take all the details literally (it is a novel afterall). To me the point is, what if something similar has/does happen, you know, the big conspiracy theories. Very entertaining thought to me. I could not set it down. It is really worth a try. A little warning to strict, very religous people, it may be a real shocker and maybe a bit offensive to you (Just remember, it is considered fiction!). I however, completely loved it.
 I picked this book up from the library because I am intensely fascinated by da Vinci and the inside jacket synopsis hooked me to give it a try. I've never read any type of suspense/mystery book. This was my first one. Well now I'm afraid to read another and find that I've just read the best and there's nowhere to go but down. I have never read a book as quickly as I read this one. Now, I'm pushing this book on all my friends/family. I even bought it as a present for my Dad.<br/>The twists and turns are very unpredictable and I am very good at figuring out what is "around the corner" before it is revealed. So there is an immense sense of anticipation as you read it. The puzzle element of the book is good and it feels like you are reading an adventure game like Myst or Longest Journey. I would try to figure out the puzzles before the solution was revealed (of course, falining miserbly b/c they are ingenious).<br/>And finally, the research and the fact that there is some veridicality (the Priory of Sion, Opus Dei, the surprise in The Last Supper, the Beloved Disciple, etc) were jaw dropping for me. As I read the book, I would go on the Internet and look up things that Dan Brown wrote about and found that there is some support for the things he discusses. As a Roman Catholic, these revelations were mind-blowing and has made me more interested in the history of the Roman Catholic church.<br/>This book is definitely a must-read. As I already do, I would recommend it to anyone. I definitely plan to make this book a permanent part of my collection. I also think it would make an excellent movie. Christopher Nolan, the director of Momento and Insomnia would do this book justice.
 Despite impressive scholarship, this poorly written book fails to deliver except as a cheap thrill ride.  The Holy Grail legend and its connection to history, art, architecture, the Church and secret societies would have been better served in a non-fiction piece than this amatuerish and implausible plot with its annoying and one-dimensional characters.  (But there's not as much money in non-fiction).  The attempts at humor are enough to make you toss it into the fire.  Everything falls so conveniently and completely in place, down to a peanut allergy in the last act - that it rings utterly hollow...sillier than an Agatha Christie mystery.  The bad guys get their comeuppance and the hero and heroine get together...how predictable.  That the entire book and countless revelations take place in a matter of hours and between virtual strangers is ludicrous.  There's undoubtedly an audience for this kind of pablum.  It kept me interested; it's not dull, but sophisticated writing, it's not.
 After hearing all the hype about this book, I finally decided to try it for myself. And now I really don't understand why this book got (and continues to get) so much attention.<br/><br/>I never knew that I could actually get sick of cliff-hangers at the end of every chapter...until I read this book. The chapters are very, very short. And there are lots of them. The writing style is that of an eighth-grader. It is simplistic and tells more than shows. It does all those things you were taught to avoid doing in order to write well. I've read many, many outstanding books that have never gotten the kind of hype "The Da Vinci Code" has, which is sad.<br/><br/>This is clear evidence of the adage that "best-selling" does not necessarily equate to "best written."
 Dan Brown's _The Da Vinci Code_ is essentially the Hershey's of brain candy: tastes sort of like the real thing, but is filled with a disturbing quantity of rat turds.  In essence, this is Umberto Eco's _Foucault's Pendulum_ for stupid people.  If you thought Eco's book was too hard, and couldn't keep track of the references, and you didn't really get that the point was that maniacs will make connections between any two objects no matter how distant, and didn't understand that all the mad theories _are_ mad distortions of whatever historical data present themselves, then this book is for you.  Want to believe a load of old cobblers about the Holy Grail and goddesses?  Found _Holy Blood, Holy Grail_ a little too taxing and academic for you?  This is this book you should read.  Don't worry, it won't be all that challenging, even for you, and anything that's too hard will be explained within two pages, so if you get stuck, there's always a crib sheet provided.  For the rest of us, that great punk album title had it best: Never mind the bollocks, here are the Sex Pistols.  And this book could indeed use a little Sid Vicious.
 This book is like watching a really interesting program on the History channel.  It presents a number of thought-provoking historical and theological concepts which many people may not be familiar with.  As a story, the plot itself is somewhat trite and the characters are made of cardboard.  Nevertheless, the ideas and puzzles presented through its staccato-pacing are what make the book worthwhile.<br/>Religious fanatics should probably avoid this book.  It uncovers uncomfortable truths about Christianity.  Come to it with an open mind, and remember that this is a work of fiction.  Dan Brown likely stretched facts (all well within the range of poetic license), but many of the ideas are plausible.  You will probably find yourself googling for the information presented in the book, just to learn more for yourself.  Possibly, this book will be your gateway to other fiction in this domain, including such works as Focault's Pendulum by Umberto Eco.  In my opinion, any book that triggers you to think, learn and read more is a success.
 As previously mentioned, "The Da Vinci Code" is not your typical "Who done it?" novel. Well researched and expertly written, the book presents an age-old religious secret under the guise of a tantalizing mystery. Definitely not an easy book to put down, the twists and turns wind you toward the solution, which is not as easy to figure out as some reviewers will have you believe. Of course, that is a relative statement. ;)<br/>I highly recommend this work to anyone wishing to take an exciting journey through the pages of a book, which will exercise also their mind.<br/>I might also recommend "Angels &amp; Demons," the first of Mr. Brown's books to feature Robert Langdon.<br/>"Tight Lines!"<br/>~..~..~.. &gt;&lt;((((*&gt;
 The da Vinci code is in my opinion a timeless classic. I enjoyed reading it and it was full of interesting plot-twists. For anyone who is wondering if they should first watched the movie or read the book, I would definitely recommend that they first read the whole book before watching the movie. In my opinion, the book is much better than the movie but this is a subject for discussion.
 An utterly worthless book, merely a tepid imitation of Umberto Eco's erudite literary magnus 'Foucault's Pendulum', it attempts to merge the secretive orders of the Renaissance with those of the superstitious dark ages in a pubescent detective approach. The fact is, there were no "dark ages", with regards to history, the power of the Church and Nation States actually killed more humans and uprooted more nomadic people in the Renaissance (the cause of continous warfare) than whatever occurred since after the fall of the Roman empire.<br/><br/>Nothing is so thoroughly unconvincing, except perhaps the unadorned candor and writing style of the monotonous author, who purges every page with excessive description and repetitve action sequences found in a basic high school novel. The book was only created to gratify the audience of "city commuters", whose grasp on the iconography of history is minimal, and who still gobble this up in the droves at their bland suburban book stores and await the movie and sequel like pithy flies. Truly, works like this signal the death of authentic and extraordinary literature, a sad yet ineffective comment on modern times.
 This book has packaged esoterica that has been available for years into a form that the masses will swallow; fiction. Nevertheless, nearly all of the secret societies, artwork, and history are accurately described. If you want to read a very good historical take on all of this, I would suggest:<br/>The Templar Revelation, by Pickett and Prince<br/>Another book, Holy Blood, Holy Grail covers the same topics, but The Templar Revelation contains newer research on the subject and corrects many inaccuracies in Holy Blood, Holy Grail. In addition, Holy Blood, Holy Grail is an incredibly dry book.<br/>People are attacking the DaVinci Code for its few historical inaccuracies, but unfortunately, there has been strong historical evidence to support a different take on christianity for years. The next time someone says, "The DaVinci Code gets the date of the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls wrong!" be armed with the true history from The Templar Revelation to cut their argument to pieces. Which shouldn't be hard, because most christians aren't big on doing historical research ;)
 After over a year on the national bestseller lists I finally decided to read it.  I was surprised to find that the novel was not only a well written mystery but contained some of the most intriguing thoughts on Christian doctrine that I've come across to date.  While the novel's interpretation of religious symbolism and history has caused a flutter of derogatory commentary and reviews from some, there are many who can appreciate the storyline from a purely novelistic perspective:  it's great material that generates a lot of interest from readers, it's fiction and therefore has some truthful elements and many imaginary ones.  I won't bother with a plot description and character analysis with this review; there are many other reviews here that provide that information.  What I will say is that "The Da Vinci Code" is a worthwhile read that motivated me to read a bit more about the historical aspects covered in the text.  Brown's writing is crisp, economical and easily accessible.  My curiosity was heightened and my perspective expanded all while being thoroughly entertained.  No need to highly recommend this one, the readership already has.  I suspect this novel will be a bestseller for quite a while.
 As always an awesome read the first time and the second. The book propels the reader Into the world of medieval mysteries and knights Templar. Masonic symbols that are familiar mix with Roman Catholic secret societies and the world of elite art historians. Add a touch of suspense aided and abetted by a chase by the French police and you are dear reader sucked into the books premise. I can highly recommend this book. I have a paperback copy as well that passed through many hands. Enjoy
 THE DA VINCI CODE incorporates the suppressed history of<br/>THE DESPOSYNI, Jesus (Yeshua)'s family &amp; blood-relatives, who<br/>were dismissed/dispossessed/and excluded from the Church in<br/>318 C.E. by Roman Emperor Constatine's henchman, Pope Sylvester.<br/>Too, from the time of the 1st-century through the 5th-century,<br/>Roman garrisons hunted down THE DESPOSYNI as outlaws putting to<br/>sword those they captured--Rome even set about purposefully<br/>burning &amp; destroying the genealogies/records of THE DESPOSYNI<br/>trying to eradicate them from the face of the earth.  Yet,<br/>this major piece of history is absent from our pro-Roman/<br/>Roman-friendly history textbooks our schools and is conviently<br/>excluded from our Standard Christian Reference Works.  Again,<br/>author Dan Brown, thank you for brining to the public's<br/>attention this Roman suppressed history of THE DESPOSYNI/<br/>THE HOLY GRAIL which is the "GOSPEL OF CIRCUMCISION/CIRCUMCISED"<br/>referenced in the canon New Testament books of Acts (the Council<br/>of Jerusalem) &amp; Galatians.  --Gregory Thompson (MacTavish)<br/>p.s.:  as a supplement to THE DA VINCI CODE, regards THE DESPOSYNI, I recommend:  Eusebuius's ECCLESIASTICAL HISTORY;<br/>Julius Africanus "LETTER TO ARISTIDES"; BLOODLINE OF THE HOLY<br/>GRAIL by Sir Laurence Gardner (1996); and REX DEUS by Marilyn<br/>Hopkins, Graham Simmans, &amp; Tim Wallace Murphy (2000)--as well<br/>as, THE DECLINE AND FALL OF THE ROMAN CHURCH by Fr. Malachi<br/>Martin (1981), a JESUIT PRIEST &amp; Vatican-insider.
 I saw the movie first, which FINALLY inspired me to read the book.  The novel is very gripping and keeps you reading until it ends.  If you're not familiar with this story yet, it's basically two people (the 2 main characters) meet after one of their close relative is murdered inside the museum in the beginning.  Brown has done his history and many facts about much theology is in the book along with many historical aspects.  But he does leave some facts of other religions that DO worship a female instead of a male deity(a main theme througout the WHOLE book).  Plus then there's the major part that's the most controversial which is the most obvious, but I won't mention that here.<br/><br/>While this is my review for the book, I must at least compare it some with the movie.  The movie adds a few things, changes some trivial elements around story-wise, and the ending IS slightly different.  Plus, the movie leaves the ending with MUCH more speculation instead of the finality the novel has with a certain subject. (It also reminded me of "Catch me if You Can"-with Tom Hanks on the other end of the chase!) I will admit to seeing more Christian symbology in the movie that's NOT in the book (but I won't spoil anything concerning that).<br/><br/>I really did not expect the book to be such an easy read.  It goes fairly quickly, the book's pacing for revealing certain plot twists is done better than the movie in my opinion, where as one reviewer mentions (a rollercoaster novel where each chapter ends with a cliffhanger, with chapters that are too short), for me shorter chapters are better in some respects. I like Dan Brown's writing style.  How he melds the puzzle elements together is really quite clever.  Early in the book we read the puzzles as the characters find them, later in the book, this isn't always so, which puts a more realistic spin on it near the end.  A very simple mystery that really shouldn't sway any Christian's beliefs who wants to read it for fun.  Good enough to read again to catch any details missed the first time around.  Had my grandmother been alive to read this she would have loved it.  Something for everyone really, romance, mystery, action, and plenty of logical, geographical, and historical puzzles to keep anybody guessing.  Educated or otherwise.
 This is not intended as a literary review.  instead, this is intended as a thank you to the authour for the production of a piece of fiction that has made me anxious to learn and discuss.  I normally read non-fiction.  The Latin teacher on my hall said "You have to read this!"  I did.  I passed it on to an English teacher who in turn passed it on to another English teacher.  My entire high school wing has read, enjoyed as well as delighted in the discussions arising from this book.  This book incited us to research and discuss meaningful topics.  We have been re-inspired by this piece of fiction to seek out the truth and revel in discussion.  Thank you Dan Brown for a reintroduction to the world of wonder.
 Obviously, the objective of the book is, from my viewpoint, to satisfy people's general disposition to love mysteries and also to sell it for the author's and his family's bread next day. I do not think that the author's intention is to undermine some of Christians' beliefs. However, because I am a self-claimed non-materialist, I know, and perhaps also you know, that there is a book published in 1972 by the late Jane Roberts: "Seth Speaks", in which the non-physical entity Seth spoke about the Christ story. This very story, you agree with me if you read it, may undermine Christians' beliefs more than this Dan Brown's book might have done. However, as Henri Bergson stated in his "The Two Sources of Morality and Religion," the moral written in New Testament should be definitely great!
 I was reluctant to read this only because I am not a fan of the "thriller-type" novels.  However, I caved after hearing numerous word of mouth recommendations and seeing it appear on several newspaper's "Best of 2003" lists.  Given that, I was expecting more substance than it had.  Read the book if you like thrilling page-turners and/or are a history buff (like me), but don't expect anything more.  The characters annoyed me!  And for a novel with feminist overtones, the main female lead was an idiot and a prude!  For a 32 year old "woman of the world" who was supposedly highly educated, she sure needed to be condescended to a lot by the other male leads (including one chapter in which the male lead comes achingly close to explaining to her the birds and the bees).  I groaned when the supposed justification for why she didn't speak with her grandfather (and only living family member) for 10 years was finally revealed.  And she had never been in Westminster Abbey even though she lived in London?  All of this grated on me, although I found the historical/theological story quite fascinating, so much so that I'm tempted to pick up some of the books referenced by the author.
 I'd like to start off by saying I've never read anything from Dan Brown before, and after reading this book, I'm very impressed... The book is very well written, the plot is excellent and the excitement keeps on building until a fantastic climax at the end. The book is full of exciting facts intermingled with fiction all throughout the book.<br/>A man is murdered after hours at the Louvre museum in Paris. He's the chief curator of the museum, and he leaves behind clues as to why he was murdered and by whom, for his granddaughter, cryptologist Sophie Nevau, and Robert Langdon, a famous symbologist, to decipher. This unlikely couple ends up on the run from the French Police while searching for the killer or killers. They soon discover that the murder victim was a high-ranking member of a secret society that has been around since the time of Christ, and which have had prominent members such as Leonardo Da Vinci and Isaac Newton. This secret society has guarded one of mankind's greatest secrets for centuries - The Holy Grail.<br/>I could talk about this for ages without really spoiling the story, since it is so complex, so full of twists and turns, and packed with intriguing facts about the history of the world and Christianity.<br/>I can pretty much guarantee that you'll love this book. The book is excellent - a real page turner, and I literally couldn't put the book down until I was done. Without hesitation, I give it 5 stars!!!
 I picked this up at a time when I depressed and grieving. It was engrossing from the first page and gave me exactly the escape for which I was thirsting. I disagree with previous reviewers: I think it is well-researched. There is an afterward, and alternative histories of Mary Magdalene's life have abounded for years. Dan Brown wasn't the first to give life to them, just one of the first to end up on the best seller list.<br/>I admit, as a former catholic school teacher, it did make me question exactly what the early Church had covered up. And that's exactly why it's so fascinating: could it be true? Could anyone ever prove it indefinitely? These questions are wrapped up in a tight plot that entertains as well as enlightens.<br/>I recommend this book to folks who want or need to escape from the world for a little while. And if it inspires anyone else to read a more academic book about the early Church, or DaVinci, or art history,  or the holy Grail, than all the better. For that reason alone, I think high schoolers would enjoy this book as well as adults.<br/>One note regarding the review about the inaccurate portrayal  of  Leonardo's LAST SUPPER. In The DaVinci Code, I thought the protagonist, the Harvard symbologist, made it clear that DaVinci was a bit of a prankster. Thus, it's entirely plausible that he would accurately label  the apostle to the right of Jesus as John, but also, keep the painting obtuse enough to also be plausibly Mary Magdalene. After all, in DaVinci's time, who would get away with portraying Mary Magdalene that way (which begs the question, would it be easy to get away with it now? ).
 I very much enjoyed reading this book and I could not put it down. Yes it's true that it's not the best written book in the world but it does keep you reading and wanting to learn more about the topics covered in the book. I think that the book serves its purpose, it entertains you, keeps you guessing and keeps you reading. I think that all the bad reviews are from frustrated authors that have not been able to publish their books. Books are supposed to entertain you not bore you to death so who cares if he has a one page chapter here and there and all the other ridiculous comments people have made. I have shared this book with other friends who have read it and they too have liked it. It's a good book! Of course if you want a book to put you to sleep don't buy this one. Ask the people who gave this book a bad review what they are reading. I'm sure that will work.
 The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown<br/>To state the obvious, this book is a great page-turner, full of puzzles, foreshadowing, suspense, mystery, character surprises, humor and even a happy ending. To some, it will disturb the foundation of their faith and others may be launched into a study of the alternative theories of the history of Christianity. Although written as fiction, this author bases his novel on historical religious facts and controversial issues.<br/>Not so obvious is the name the author gives to one of the leading characters, the curator of the Louvre, Jacques Sauniere, unless one has read "The Tomb of God" and "The Hiram Key," both of which are not mentioned in this novel.  It may be that the author picked this particular surname because it is tied into those similar religious mysteries found in the other books. Abbe Berenger Sauniere (1852-1917) was the parish priest of the church of St. Mary Magdalene at Rennes-le-Chateau, France where he discovered certain parchments buried in a wall and allegedly turned the Abbe into a very wealthy person. It is also alleged that this was the church where one of the kings of the Merovingians, Dagobert II married Visigoth princess, Gizelle de Razes. Why the connection? It is about the Priory of Sion and Mary Magdalene's connection to this town. For more on that mystery, read the "Tomb of God."<br/>The first name of Jacques is also the historical name of Jacques De Molay. In 1292 he was the last Grand Master of the Knights Templar. In 1307 after the infamous Friday the thirteenth round up of the Knights, he was crucified, but not killed until seven years later. For more on that mystery and the Rosslyn Chapel, read "The Hiram Key."<br/>Brown toys with names, such as Bishop Aringarosa, the character who goes around in circles, perhaps suggesting the song, A ring around the rosie...We all fall down. Further, could it suggest sub-rosa, a ring for the Rosa? Still other names and places point out character traits and connections to the mystery.<br/>From Fibonacci's numbers, Lewis Carroll's mirror code, Da Vinci's work, the Priory of Sion and other religious, controversial issues, this author knows where Newton's apple falls and has come up with this fast paced plot twister and best seller. "How dark the con of Man." ...smiling all the way to the bank.<br/>Jack Mellone 6/29/03
 Dan Brown's masterful new offering, The Da Vinci Code, is an intellectually stimulating and pulse-quickening triumph. The combination of completley unanticipated plot twists, fascinating artistic and historical facts, and the stunning manner in which Mr. Brown interweaves and interprets them is a monumental achievement. It is truly a rare offering that is both highly readable, educational, and extremely addictive.<br/>This is a book that should appeal to anyone looking for a rare item: a thrilling page-turner that is both accessible to anyone but that does not insult anyone's intelligence. It will pump you full of adrenaline and knowledge. The Da Vinci Code will be the book that everyone is talking about for great reasons.<br/>If they havent already!<br/>Congrats Mr. Brown, your book was a pleasure to read!
 The following review is from my blog Cure My Writer's Block:<br/><br/>  The publication of The DaVinci Code turned into a textbook version of a media circus. Specials on The Discovery Channel and History Channel tried to dive into its secrets and accuracy or inaccuracy. Churches put out press releases about their opinions regarding the novel's claims. A movie was made with superstar Tom Hanks playing the main character, Robert Langdon. Taking the time to summarize the plot would be a waste of time. Therefore, we will go straight into the review.<br/>  Dan Brown has put together one heck of a gripping concept with The DaVinci Code. Secret societies, high-level plots, murder, intrigue, and discoveries that could change the face or history as we know it are all thoroughly researched and described in detail. Brown's research was meticulous and his logic compelling.<br/>  Having said all of this, I must say that I didn't like this novel. Dan Brown has taken a very complex theory and made it more complex through his storytelling and characters. My copy of The DaVinci Code is 454 pages long, and it probably could have been 300 pages and told the same tale. His explanations begin to become overly complicated and oftentimes monotonous (if I had to read the words "Sacred Feminine" one more time, I might have had a book-burning!). In fact, his characters seem to turn into conspiracy theorists, seeing "signs" everywhere they look. Dan Brown also seems to display a distinct dislike for the Catholic Church. Hey, everyone is entitled to their opinions, but that doesn't mean I have to appreciate them.<br/>  The DaVinci Code would have made a compelling scholarly work, and it could have made an even better novel except for the problems that I just mentioned. Am I being fair? Probably not. However, when you hear how a novel is the greatest thing since sliced bread, you have higher standards for it. I very rarely say this, but I think most people would be better off just watching the movie.<br/><br/>Christopher Slater<br/>author of Trapped in Shades of Grey
 If you live in America and haven't been under a bridge the past 8 months, you have no doubt see the Da Vinci Code in stores and heard the raging controversy surrounding the novel. The book has found it's way onto nighttime news programs and sparked controversy in churches, and has reigned over the New York Times best seller list for 40+ weeks.  So what's all the fuss about?  The sensitive subject matter of the role of Jesus Christ.<br/>  With renewed secular interest in Christ peaking with Mel Gibson's "The Passion of the Christ" the subject matter of "The Da Vinci Code" has struck a chord of interest in many many people around the country.  This book has even brought the book "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" written in 1983 back to the top of many best seller lists!  Obviously, the Da Vinci Code is making the rounds.<br/>  The problem I have is that when you look past the controversial subject matter, the book just isn't balanced and parts of it seem downright contrived.  If you haven't read Angels and Demons(a superior book in my opinion), the character of Robert Langdon is severely underdeveloped for a main protagonist.  And once you reach about the halfway point, instead of the characters following an intriguing path of clues, you just get them sitting around trying to figure out the Cryptex codes, interrupted with the requisite police chases.<br/>  That's not to say there are no positive things about the novel.  Far from it.  The hook the book sets is very intriguing(which may add to the dissapointment of the rest of the book), Dan Brown has a great writing style, and the finale contains some great revelations, however it is dissapointing that Langdon never really does reach the ultimate prize.<br/>  Overall, you could do alot worse than the Da Vinci Code, but you could do alot better too, i.e Dan Brown's three other novels.
 'The Da Vinci Code' is an old-fashioned page-turner.  Although the fiendishly-difficult puzzles in the story aren't all that fiendish (or even particularly difficult), the plot moves like a runaway train.  Intrigue, murder, history, art, religion, and conspiracy...  What more could a reader ask for?  There's even a sex cult.  (Okay, it's a pagan fertility cult and the sex takes place off-camera, but it's the thought that counts.)  Dan Brown does a wonderful job bundling a series of diverse historical events into a coherent and believable story, populated with compelling characters.  The good guys are good, the bad guys are bad, and the bumbling cops are... well... bumbling.<br/><br/>I'd love to give this book five stars, but I can't.  The historical `facts' are bent a bit too far for the sake of the story, and one recurring plot device reminded me unpleasantly of that trick that children love to play at Christmas: the large and colorfully wrapped box, which contains a smaller box, which contains a smaller box...  Although watching the victim open box after box seems endlessly entertaining to the 11 year old perpetrator of the gag, the game is a bit tiresome after the second box.  By the time you get to the last tiny box at the center, whatever present it contains will almost certainly fail to justify the effort.<br/><br/>Those quibbles aside, however, `The Da Vinci Code' is a lot of fun.<br/><br/>Jeff Edwards, Author of "Torpedo: A Surface Warfare Thriller"
 Although an interesting read, I do NOT encourage anyone to read The DaVinci Code.  This book is a blatant continuation of a centuries-old attack on the deity of Jesus Christ and a call for the return of paganism.  The "proof" that Jesus Christ is not God, nor claimed to be God, is none other than the works of Leonardo DaVinci...of course, the fact that DaVinci lived 1500 years after Christ does not deter Dan Brown from concluding that DaVinci's work is more credible than the contemporaries of Jesus Christ who recorded Jesus Christ's own words, such as, "I and the Father are one," which is the reason why the religious leaders of the day sought to kill him (see John 10:30 &amp; 31).<br/>To refute the Gospels that were written by eye-witnesses, Brown alludes to the gnostic gospels which were not written during the first generation of the Church and were written as the first attacks against the deity of Jesus Christ. Surprisingly, although Brown considers Jesus Christ a pivotal person in history, he never brings up the most significant reason that Jesus Christ changed time as we know it (B.C. and A.D.): over 500 people, including the Roman soldiers guarding his tomb, witnessed his resurrection from the dead and his ascension into heaven a month and a half later!<br/>What makes this an intriguing read is that in trying to build a case for worship of the goddess, Brown uses imagery from the Garden of Eden-a biblical theme.  The innocent Eve, Sophie Neveu, is being tempted by both the knowledgeable but naive Adam, Robert Langdon, and by the devil himself: the deceptive and terribly capable, Sir Leigh Teabing. In Brown's story, Adam prevails over the devil because of Eve and Eve is exalted as the pinnacle of creation.  That's a noble story but Brown creates it by debasing the deity of Jesus Christ and the history of Christianity.<br/>In Brown's tale, Mary Magdalene, not the Apostle Peter, is the rightful "head" of the Church (which is not an accurate statement of St. Peter's role as defined by Jesus Christ anyway). Mary Magdalene, the supposed wife of Jesus Christ, is the beloved disciple, not the Apostle John.  It was the male disciples who, in Brown's tale, are anti-women and who in order to build an empire, suppressed the truth about Jesus and Mary and about Mary's rightful role.  However, Brown fails to re-state that for this empire, all of Jesus Christ's disciples (except for John) suffered excrutiating deaths for their belief that Jesus Christ was God come in the flesh (St. Peter was crucified on a cross up-side down; others were boiled alive, cut in half, fed to lions...and so it continued for three centuries under various Roman rulers!).<br/>Apparently, Brown hopes his tale will convince nominal Catholics, Mormons who accept "extra-scripture" texts, and other religiously-minded people who are vaguely aware of who Jesus Christ is and who recognize DaVinci, Mozart and Newton, among others, as historical and therefore credible figures.  My advice: Don't spend the money.
 The good news: excellent research, interesting premise, intruiging settings, thought -provoking trvia.  The bad news: predictable plot, mundane dialouge, tepid characters, one- page "chapters", and an unrealistic timeline. It's difficult to identifiy with the protagonist, who is suddently expected to display an ability towards committment, when no prior examples are shown.  Even the antagonists, appear to have come from nowhere. Who are these people ? Other characters appear, make gestures that suggest an actual interest in events, and then walk away or disappear as if recovering from a fugue state. Even foils have to be developed. I was under the impression  that references would be made to several of Da Vinci's works, but this was not so.<br/>Overall, it is apparent that there are some aspects of history that demand to remain in the past. To  transplant them into the present day renders them awkward in a way that is worsened by forced attempts to surround it with a contrived plot. After all is said and done, the reader is still  asking "so what?" I better stop here: the more I write, the more stars I end up taking away.
 Dan Brown must admire Umberto Eco.  A lot.  Museums late at night, Knights Templar, the "Secret", the professor pulled into a mystery wrapped in an enigma, a secretive Catholic society. Umberto did it better.  But Dan's book is OK, however the prose is, um, easy to read.  It read more like a move script outline to me than a book.  He also presents LOTS of speculation as fact but that is the fun part - are these speculations in fact true?  Are the Freemasons protecting a secret the Knights discovered while they drive around in gocarts wearing fez hats at a 4th of July parade?  Or just hooey?  Read Eco's Foucalt's Pendulum and really delve into multiple, head-spinning conspiracies head first.  Conspiracies that dry up when discovered because of the twisted logic of the believers.  (I'll reveal no more.)  It has a much creepier atmosphere and writing that will make you smile.
 I loved this book! I heard the uproar surrounding it, and decided to check it out for myself. It was so much better than I expected. Before I read this one, though, I read Angels &amp; Demons. It set the stage. Amazing. I didn't think it could any better. I was wrong. The Da Vinci Code blew me away!!<br/>If you've read the book, you have to check out Dan Brown's website.  ...]<br/>There are some fascinating facts, pictures, and an incredible game. Game seems too light a word. More of a treasure hunt along the lines of the adventure Robert and Sophie took. It led me all over the internet, and I certainly learned a few things.
 The film, based on Dan Brown's bestseller, called 'The Da Vinci Code' has recently hit South Africa and the criticism it produced amongst the Christians (including the Anglicans, Calvinists, Lutherans, Methodists, Moravians, Presbyterians, and the Roman Catholics) were inescapable. Never in my 18 years of life experience have I come across a film that was capable of creating such hype. Everywhere (and I mean everywhere) I turned, there were comments made on the Eight 'o Clock news on my television set; when I listened to the radio, there were discussions going on with regard to 'The Da Vinci Code' film; and when I opened my newspaper (surprise surprise!) there were articles written on the film. What's causing the hype around The Da Vinci Code? What has Dan Brown written that deserves such criticism and creates such chaos? It was these questions (which I asked myself) that drove me into buying the book. Now for the million rand question, do I accept the fact that my religion is based on lies? I will not comment on that, but what I will say is that I'm very confused. One of the reviewers wrote that "there are many truths," and I believe that. I have to believe that.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code starts off with the murder of a respected curator, Jacques Sauni`ere, in the Mus`ee du Louvre (which is an art gallery) in Paris, quickly draws the attention of various people. As the DCPJ (Direction Central Police Judiciare) attempt to solve the mystery of Jacques's death, police captain Bezu Fache takes a gamble and tries to convict Robert Langdon (an American Professor of Religious Symbology and author of several historical books) of commiting the murder. Unfortunately, Robert was living nearby the murder scene, even though he didn't commit the crime. No worries, Dan Brown then intelligently creates a companian for Robert. Her name is Sophie Neveu, who is a DCPJ police cryptologist and also the granddaughter of the deceased curator! They become fugitives (can you imagine the police chasing you?) and as the story moves along, it becomes clear that Jacques was the leader of The Priory of Sion, which is a group (according to Robert's knowledge) who knows the location of a long-kept secret . . .THE HOLY GRAIL. It was Jacques's intention for Sophie and Robert to work hand-in-hand to find THE HOLY GRAIL AND THE SECRETS THAT LIE WITH IT, by following ambiguous and cryptic clues which the curator has left behind. And they must do it quickly, for the murderer of Jacques (amongst others) are on the quest for the same thing. . .
 The #1 job of a novelist is to keep the reader turning pages, and Dan Brown succeeds with The Da Vinci Code. Brown builds a story that races from one plot twist to another with breathless action: the over-used moniker "page-turner" applies in this case. The plot is tight and lean, showcasing Brown's greatest strength: his ability to feed the reader new nuggets of information every few pages, while stringing along a number of other mysterious threads. This gives the reader a sense of constant discovery, while building anticipation for answers to come.<br/>I have a few quibbles with the book, and they really are quibbles more than anything. First, Brown seems to have a penchant for beginning his sentences (especially in action sequences) with participial phrases: "Turning now and scanning the room, Sophie's eyes...", "Walking toward the bare wooden wall, Sophie...", "Feeling around the edge of the panels, Sophie..." "Heart pounding, she placed her finger..." And so on. Like salt, a little bit of this technique adds flavor; also like salt, too much ensures you can't taste anything else. A hundred pages in, I found myself starting to count the occurrences. I think his editor could have been a bit more ruthless in this department.<br/>Second, Brown manages to interrupt his own sparkling narrative flow on a number of occasions. Many times, his characters reflect back on some past event: the dreaded flashback. Again, no big whoop when used here and there, but Brown does border on overuse.<br/>At other times, Brown interrupts the narrative for lengthy author intrusions. That's probably my biggest complaint, come to think of it: Brown pushes too far to explore his basic premise. Before the book has ended, he has told you everything from iambic pentameter to Disney movies to Swiss banking is an admirably subversive attempt to keep paganism alive in today's society. (Read the book and you'll understand.) Well, Gee, Dan. Sometimes an architect uses circles in her designs for aesthetic reasons, and not because she's trying to make people worship the pagan sun symbol.<br/>In instances like these (as well as instances where hotly-debated issues of New Testament scholarship are cited as fact: Mary Magdalene's role in the early church, the existence of the "Q" document, and so on), the reader might rightly feel the characters are speaking more for Dan Brown than for themselves--and sounding a wee bit shrill in the process.<br/>But hey, it's Dan Brown's book, and he controls its universe. It's his prerogative to explore whatever issues he wants, however he wants. Whatever misgivings you may have about the content (and most Evangelical Christians and Catholics with have major misgivings), you can't fault the guy on his craft: he knows how to put together a damned good read.
 Quite possibly the best book I have ever read! The research and passion that went into this book is extremely evident. Just from his insights and details this book allowed me to see art and history in a new way and I found myself becoming greatly interested in both after reading this masterpiece! BRAVO!!
 An amazing work of fiction.  I have to admit that I rarely read narrative prose, but the love of a good murder mystery is my "guilty secret." I enjoy the puzzle that this type of fiction poses for the reader, and the more literate the author, the cleverer his design, the more I enjoy the experience.  This one was a rare treat.  Not only does the author present a stylishly crafted crime novel, he also creates a series of cryptic word puzzles based on history that engages of the reader's own knowledge base.  Since I also enjoy history, he definitely had me riveted.  I read the book from cover to cover in a few short hours in one sitting.  While some of the characters were a little two dimensional, and I had already solved the identity of the "villain" well before the end, the author's competent style and the secondary story buried in the Da Vinci code itself, so thoroughly  captivated me that I was not disappointed in the least.  Furthermore, I'm going right out and find out more about the Knights Templar and Mary Magdalene! An amazing book.
 Mary's Review on The Da Vince Code<br/>Very well said, reader from the Bronx! I read this book because I was excited to hear that someone had finally written a fantastic novel combined w/Christian history.<br/>I must say that I did find the book to be a page-turner but was disappointed with the ending. But, I am at least glad to know that it may spark an interest in people to get off of their butts and search for the TRUTH! It's out there for anyone who wants to sort through the many, many layers of muck...<br/>If you are hungry for knowledge and are confused about Christianity, read "The New Dance of Christ" by Anthony T Massimini. It's a good place to begin your quest for understanding your Christian culture and the Christian psyche. It's wonderful read and although Massimini is promoting Christianity and trying to save it from extinction, you can draw your own conclusions with the "FACTS" that he demonstrates in the very well written book...<br/>I wonder how many people realize that much of the mindset of Christianity stems directly from Plato's philosophy? Or that much of what is taught to Christians about its origins is Only A Shadow (pun intended! ;-)) of the truth?<br/>If you are really serious about understanding your Christian heritage, read The New Dance Of Christ. It's a wonderful read-a real page-turner AND, you can be sure that what you are reading is REAL HISTORICITY...
 The most savage controversies are those about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way. Persecution is used in theology, not in arithmetic.<br/>Bertrand Russell<br/>English logician and philosopher 1872-1970<br/><br/>Controversy equalizes fools and wise men - and the fools know it<br/>Oliver Wendell Holmes<br/>American physician, poet, writer, humorist and professor at Harvard, 1809-1894<br/><br/>It is not he who gains the exact point in dispute who scores most in controversy -- but he who has shown the better temper.<br/>Samuel Butler<br/>English novelist, essayist and critic, 1835-1902<br/><br/>Matters of religion should never be matters of controversy. We neither argue with a lover about his taste, nor condemn him, if we are just, for knowing so human a passion.<br/>George Santayana<br/>Spanish born American philosopher, poet and humanist who made important contributions to aesthetics, speculative philosophy and literary criticism. 1863-1952<br/><br/>There is no learned man but will confess be hath much profited by reading controversies,--his senses awakened, his judgment sharpened, and the truth which he holds firmly established. If then it be profitable for him to read, why should it not at least be tolerable and free for his adversary to write? In logic they teach that contraries laid together, more evidently appear; it follows then, that all controversy being permitted, falsehood will appear more false, and truth the more true; which must needs conduce much to the general confirmation of an implicit truth.<br/>- John Milton<br/><br/>Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code has sold over 60 million copies worldwide and been made into a major motion picture catapulted into the stratosphere largely by controversy that it probably doesn't deserve, not because it is a literary masterpiece. The Da Vinci Code is at best a mystery potboiler that has sold 6-10 times the number of copies it would have without the attending controversy, controversy that largely amounts to a tempest in a teapot. Only the threatened would stir up this amount of controversy over this novel. Unfortunately, the groups stirring up the greatest controversy are the least threatened by this novel.<br/><br/>The controversy surrounding the novel focuses on certain assertions of the novelist regarding the historical and doctrinal evidence in the Bible and certain non-canonical works regarding the supposed marriage of Jesus to Mary Magdalene and their subsequent offspring, a daughter named Sarah who supposedly married European royalty founding the Merovingian line of kings. This evidence, according to Brown and others, has been suppressed by the Catholic Church and preserved by a secret society known as the Priory of Sion. In The Da Vinci Code this conflict is played out as a mystery chase to find the resting place of the Holy Grail, supposedly the tomb of Mary Magdalene, between the inheritor of the Priory's keystone and agents of the secretive Catholic sect, Opus Dei.<br/><br/>Like all good fiction, The Da Vinci Code speculates "what if these things were true?" Unfortunately, for anyone attempting to seek truth within its pages, one must willingly suspend one's disbelief and accept a series of half-truths and untruths. There is nothing wrong with this, for the duration of participating in the drama of the novel. The highly educated see this as nothing more than dramatic license for the sake of telling the story. I am reminded of one of my favorite statements from Friedrich Schiller in defense of his ahistorical Maria Stuart which paraphrased is, "The artist has no obligation to history."<br/><br/>Where we run into difficulty with this novel is that certain elements, for whatever spectacular publicity reason, have chosen to forward the fictional propositions of the novel as truth. The result has been the inevitable cottage industry of debunking the text, in itself another 60 million + in unit sales industry because the 60 million who bought The Da Vinci Code are mostly truthseekers who have purchased the accompanying debunking texts in order to understand why they are reviled in church circles for reading this novel.<br/><br/>There are five points of controversy I would like to deal with in this review: the divinity of Jesus, the humanity of Jesus, the marriage of Jesus to Mary, the Priory of Sion versus Opus Dei, and the question of whether or not the Catholic Church would ever kill to keep a secret.<br/><br/>First, there is the question of the divinity of Jesus. All Christians are taught that Jesus was one person with two natures; one divine, and one human. The canonical, deuterocanonical and pseudipigriphal texts all confirm that Jesus was at once both fully human and fully divine. Brown, and others, assert that Jesus' divinity was the result of a vote at the First Council of Nicea, "and a close one at that," according to Da Vinci Code protagonist, Robert Langdon. I searched everywhere for evidence that Jesus' divinity ever actually came up for a vote at said council and had difficulty finding it. The only reference I could find was a quotation from Karen King, a history professor at Harvard Divinity School, in a National Geographic article in which she stated that Jesus' divinity was voted upon, but was carried almost unanimously (300-2). (For the full text of this article go here:  ...])<br/><br/>Now, I'm not certain what the actual proposition on the table was, but I have a feeling that it was more a vote to confirm and publicly proclaim the divinity of Jesus. From the comfort of our 21st Century American viewpoint where religious belief and expression are Constitutionally protected, this seems absurd. However, in the 4th Century, there was no protection against persecution for heretical religious beliefs. It would have required a vote by a council of bishops to allow people to publicly proclaim something they have always believed. The followers of Jesus, while believing in Jesus' divinity, would have shied away from publicly proclaiming this in the Roman Empire. Under Roman law at the time, only the Emperor could be proclaimed divine.<br/><br/>Despite Emperor Constantine's conversion to Christianity, he was still the emperor and intended to stay the emperor. As emperor, Constantine was a politician and a good one at that. Constantine saw the growing number of Christians in his empire and knew that courting them would help to solidify his power base. However, the winds of politics shift rapidly and if Constantine had sensed a shift from Christianity back to paganism, one wonders if he would have shifted with that wind. For the Council of Nicea to publicly proclaim the divinity of Jesus required Constantine to willingly accept his own non-divinity. This was a very risky move for the Council. One that could have backfired on them had there ever been a political shift by future emperors away from Christianity. While Christians had always believed in the divinity of Jesus, in most parts of the world, they were not permitted to publicly proclaim it because the laws of the lands forbade it. This is a significant religious and political paradigm shift.<br/><br/>Next, there is the question of the humanity of Jesus. Early Christians had no difficulty comprehending and accepting the human nature of Jesus. They were so close to the source that they knew it almost instinctively, much the way we Americans comprehend and accept the human natures of the founding fathers of the United States. How will those founding fathers be deified 2000 years into the future? Will Thomas Jefferson and George Washington become the Romulus and Remus of American Rome, suckled at the teats of a bald eagle? It is hard to say. It is modern Christians who are squeamish about a human Jesus. While we understand the dual nature of humanity (one creature with two natures, one spiritual, one animal) we cannot stomach the thought of a savior with that nature. We want our Jesus resurrected and spiritual, not alive and animal, mucking around in the miasma of humanity. A human Jesus is not clean, not transcendent, not saintly. Modern Christians cannot stomach the living, breathing, sweating, eating, drinking, burping, farting, urinating, defecating Jesus.<br/><br/>It is this very humanity that drives the action of The Da Vinci Code. God sent Jesus to Earth to experience the full range of human experience before accepting Him as the ultimate sacrifice for all of human sin.<br/><br/>Third, there is the question of Jesus' supposed marriage to Mary Magdalene. Why shouldn't He have married and fathered children? It seems reasonable to assume that He would do so. He was a rabbi and taught in the synagogue. An unmarried, 30-something rabbi would have been highly unusual in those days. Certainly not unheard of, but certainly uncommon. So it seems reasonable to assume that Jesus might have been married. We only have the absence of mention of His marriage in the gospels and Paul's assertion that He was not married on which to base the assumption that Jesus was a lifelong bachelor. Any historian will tell you that absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. Therefore, it is possible that Jesus was married.<br/><br/>I have heard this forwarded by professors of divinity and theologians on numerous History Channel specials. But every one of them shied away from asserting Jesus' marriage as a fact. Each one suggested that it was possible. My experience watching Mythbusters proves that possible doesn't mean probable and probable doesn't mean actual. Harvard historian Karen King, in the same National Geographic article, states that if Jesus and Mary were married it is more unusual for them to be spoken of together so often in the gospels without mentioning that fact. Conspiracy theorists, of course, will point to the expurgation of these references by the early Catholic church. However, the Dead Sea Scrolls, Qumran Scrolls and Nag Hamadi parchments, while bringing to light some long-forgotten texts, did more to confirm the authenticity of the canonical works of the Bible than to refute them.<br/><br/>If Jesus were married, it likely was not to Mary Magdalene, although it is highly likely that Mary and Jesus were much closer than we like to believe and Mary has been much maligned throughout history by patriarchal church leaders with an ax to grind with their own contemporary women.<br/><br/>The novel makes a great deal out of a supposed pagan sex ritual known as the heiros gamos in which the high priest and high priestess of the sect copulate while surrounded by their chanting followers. I searched for this online, where it should be easy to find references to alternative sexual and religious practices, and found only a reference in the sacraments of the Ecclesiastica Gnostica, the governing body of the modern Gnostic Christian sect. According to their website, heiros gamos is the Sacrament of the Bridechamber. Essentially, we Christians know this as the heavenly time when Christ (the Spirit) is reunited with His Church (the Bride). Ecclesiastica Gnostica claims that there is no earthly performance of this sacrament as it can only be achieved after Christ's return. According to their website, the earthly substitute is the sacrament of marriage, supposedly the only way that humans can experience this spiritually significant sacrament while on earth is through marriage. Well, that sort of takes the excitement out of that ritual, now doesn't it? In fact, the characters Brown has performing this ceremony in the novel turn out to be husband and wife anyway.<br/><br/>Next, there is the question of the Priory of Sion and the supposed rivalry with Opus Dei. The Priory of Sion is a real organization with a bogus history. The Priory was founded in 1956 by Pierre Plantard, a confidence man, who wished to place a claim on the royal throne of France should it ever be reinstated. To do so, he had to falsify historical documents that gave the Priory an ancient history with celebrated Grandmasters who were sworn to protect the secret of the royal bloodline descended from antiquity through the Merovingian kings. Les dossiers secrets were deposited by Plantard and his compatriots in the Bibliothèque nationale de France in the 1960s so that anyone researching the Priory would come across them. The documents were fake and have been soundly debunked for over 30 years. (see the Wikipedia entry at  ...] for more information)<br/><br/>Dan Brown could have gotten himself out of a whole lot of scandal and controversy had he simply acknowledged that he exercised dramatic license by playing fast and loose with these documents. But he did not and it catapulted an okay novel into a blockbuster. I guess any publicity is good publicity.<br/><br/>Opus Dei is also a real organization. I have not taken the time to research them and I do not know enough about them to speak freely about them. All I will say is this, when you shroud yourself in secrecy, you open yourself up to all kinds of conspiracy theories. Opus Dei would do well for itself if it opened up all of its documents for transparent scrutiny to the public. The Catholic church in the United States has not fared well in the last several years what with hidden transfers of priests accused of sexual misconduct only to be permitted to continue their abuses in new parishes. Secrecy lends itself to the suspicion that drives the action of The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Last, there is the question of whether the Catholic church would ever resort to murder to keep embarrassing secrets hidden. This question is central to both The Da Vinci Code and its predecessor, Angels and Demons. The short answer is this: any time religion and politics combine an inflammatory mixture is created. Power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely. I will simply assert that to deny that the Catholic Church was once capable of murder is to deny that the Spanish Inquisition ever happened. But it did, and the Middle Eastern morass that we find ourselves embroiled in today is a residual effect of that very attempt at genocide at the behest of the Vatican.<br/><br/>The legends surrounding the demise of the Knights Templar in 1307 are the starting point for The Da Vinci Code. According to history, King Philip IV of France prevailed upon Pope Clement V to round up, torture and execute all members of the Knights Templar for acts of heresy. According to legend, some members escaped the pogrom, gathered the bulk of the Templar treasure and spirited it off to Scotland where they formed the Scottish Rite Freemasons who supposedly guard the treasure of the Temple of Solomon to this day.<br/><br/>Since we are dealing with politics, it is more likely that the truth is less spectacular than the trumped up charges of heresy or the heroic legends. Philip IV inherited a poverty-stricken nearly bankrupted France. He needed money for the treasury. The Knights Templar were a wealthy, militarized order protected by the Pope and represented a threat to Philip. Upon the death of Pope Benedict XI, a year passed before a new pope was elected because of disputes between French and Italian cardinals. Pope Clement V, a Frenchman born Bertrand de Goth and a childhood friend of Philip IV, was elected to the papacy. Clement was widely known as a pawn of Philip and the two succeeded in diminishing the power of the papacy over Europe. One can deduce from these facts that Philip IV was threatened by the Knights Templar whose wealth he coveted, so he manipulated the election of Pope Clement V in order to legally overthrow them and claim their treasure for his own coffers. Nothing more than simple political corruption.<br/><br/>I need not belabor any other points of controversy in The Da Vinci Code because this is a book of fiction, not a journalistic account. The suspect nature of continuing to support the Priory of Sion as a true ancient organization in the face of facts that prove its bogus nature, throws any other spurious claims in the novel into serious doubt. Now to the actual review of the novel.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is a spectacular textbook example of great plotting. It moves quickly through the action of the mystery. It is tightly plotted with short chapters that drive the action rapidly forward and a search for a secret that the reader is asked to participate in with brief explanations of the necessary skills to achieve this goal. It is a brilliant example of Aristotelian Poetics. Brown observes all the rules of unity of place, time and action. It should be read as an example of perfect plotting by beginning writing students. Theoretically, this novel should translate perfectly into a movie. It is also highly addictive brain candy.<br/><br/>Before I began reading the novel I was already acutely aware of the bogus nature of the Priory of Sion, so I absolutely had to suspend my disbelief in order to accept the action. I was unable to put the book down once I got to the last 150 pages. The pace had quickened so greatly and I was able to solve the final three puzzles pages before Brown revealed their solution so I was not inclined to put the book down until I had finished it.<br/><br/>The ending, however, left me nonplussed. I had read every page expecting something more spectacular, only to find it nothing more than a near deus ex machina ending lifted from the ancient Greek story of Orestes and Electra.<br/><br/>As for characterization, Brown is no master of subtleties. His characters are largely ciphers, two-dimensional caricatures of their basic functions: the chief inspector, the cryptologist, the curator, the art historian, the banker, the professor, etc. They are broadly drawn with few shading strokes. His women are always exceptionally gorgeous and as author he states that Langdon is always surprised by how intelligent they are. Angels and Demons and The Da Vinci Code are both largely adventure fantasies of the lonely bachelor college professor plunged into a mystery beyond his abilities to solve, but who somehow manages to bring his intellect to bear in order to solve it. This book should not, however, be read as an example of sophisticated characterization.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is reported to have begun his writing career in an attempt to do a better job of writing a thriller than Sydney Sheldon. While I was enthralled by Brown's action, I was less than thrilled by his characters and his faulty scholarship. I am reminded of a statement a friend of mine used to make when referring to plays with splashy high entertainment values and little thematic substance. She would say they were "all sizzle and no steak."<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is all sizzle and no steak, empty carbohydrate brain candy and the literary equivalent of professional wrestling and should be accorded the same amount of controversy as that "venerable sport." It is not clear whether The Da Vinci Code generated controversy because of its phenomenal sales or generated its phenomenal sales because of its controversy, but it is clear that it is nothing more than a novel that is speculative, owes nothing to history and requires great suspension of disbelief for its dramatic license to be accepted. It poses no threat to the church except that it requires the church to do a better job of deciding which battles to fight and which ones to ignore.
 This mixed review comes because the book is well written and has plenty of suspense. It will keep you on the edge of your seat. But, unfortunately, Dan Brown thinks that his theories are somehow factual. Unfortunately for him, the fact is that the church had more issues in the first 3 centuries with Christ's humanity than his deity. Besides setting up the Council of Nicea in 325, there is no truth to the claim that Constantine had anything to do with creating Christ's deity or putting together the New Testament. In addition, Brown's theories that the NT is not trustworthy have no basis in fact. In fact, these errors make it hard to take this book seriously. Brown's lack of scholarly qualifications as well as his weak support and logical inconsistencies show that, while entertaining as fiction, the hype cannot be supported. Thus, I say, read the book for entertainment, but don't get caught up in its ridiculous claims. There are a number of good rebuttals against this book that show Dan Brown is no historian. Rather, fiction is his forte.
 Let me state that I rarely read "best sellers"...in fact I avoid that whole Best Seller wall like the plague. In fact I only picked up this book because of several weird instances of synchronicity (which I won't bore you with hehe).<br/>I had trouble putting the book down once I started reading it. I found the story quite compelling, the characters multi-faceted and interesting, and refreshingly devoid of gratuitous sex and violence. Yes there are some murders going on. But the Terminator movies were much more graphically violent. In my mind the murders only served to advance the plot.<br/>As for the historical accuracy, well I'm no Biblical scholar. However there is indeed QUITE a bit of corroborating evidence (confirmed by actual historians), for much of the stuff cited in the book. And the more that is coming out about early Gnosticism, the more it looks like the early Church was indeed engaging in a cover up.<br/>But those issues are really irrelevant if you are looking for a good NOVEL, which is what this is. It's not a theology textbook people. If you are some ultra-conservative wanker, stay away from the book completely, as your fragile little world is unlikely to handle having your religion questioned. Everyone else though, with even slightly open and curious minds, is likely to find the book a fascinating and good read.
 Dan Brown has written an entertaining book.  Good fiction requires a foundation of fact.  However, many premise concepts of this book are far from accurate.  I am not writing this review to simply defend traditional Christian views of Christ.  However, every reader should be aware that Brown is simply writing for entertainment.  He changes well known facts about art history, in particular, Leonardo Da Vinci's life and work.  He also changes well documented history of the formation of the Catholic church, the canonization of the Bible, and 4th century concepts of Jesus' divinity.  It is obvious why he did this...to be polemic.  It (obviously) sells books!  He follows historical fact as far as it serves his story's purposes.  But, when he needed to spice up the story or maintain plot he freely changed historical facts to fiction.  If nothing else, my hope is that The Da Vinci Code will spark curiosity in all of these readers so that they will do their own research.  Then they can discover more about the real history that Brown has sprinkled into his fiction.
 Dan Brown takes readers on a journey deep into history, lore, secret societies, mystery school, Roman Catholic cover ups, and a world of religion versus history and the politics of it all. The Da Vinci code is about a cover up that, if proven true, could shatter the foundation of Rome. Between deciphering codes in the Louvre to battling an Opus Dei assasin, this is a tale that make conspiracy fans wild. Brown blends history, theology, and intrigue into a mystery that strikes at the heart of who is Christ, Mary Magdalene, and all those who formed the bedrock of the  Holy Roman Church. Always good to read the book before watching the movie.<br/><br/>And for those who were mad at the Catholic heresy in this novel: think about it this way, The Da Vinci Code stimulated alot of controversy and debate and generate alot of free PR for the Catholics. Only the debate of two opposing ideas can the truth be sparked. Madonna did the same thing when in 2006 she did a mock cruxifiction near the Vatican as part of her confessions tour.<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/B000EPR7NE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a><br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code-Widescreen-Two-Disc-Special-Edition/dp/B00005JOC9/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code (Widescreen Two-Disc Special Edition)</a>
 The Da Vinci Code proves a very good point: What's popular is not necessarily what is great, good, or even average.<br/>You can temper your expectations about this book by telling yourself, "This is a page-turner I can read in one sitting, with about the same level of enjoyment you get out of a twenty-five cent gumball". Its chief strength is that it has flow, and that the author has done a modicum of historical research, and made a semi-decent stab at weaving together artistic and religious history, spicing it here and there with a few real-life organizations to make it interesting.<br/>Beyond that, however, the book has little to offer anything but the most casual reader. The characters are all drawn with the depth of a sidewalk puddle, and the plot is as implausible as it is predictable. If you know anything at all about "conspiracy theory history", the book will seem trite, and if you don't, you should read a book with more bite, like Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum.<br/>Sadly, even the riddles, anagrams, and puzzles in the book are uninteresting, unchallenging, or unoriginal. I suppose if you've never done any sort of puzzle, they might be refreshing and shockingly new. If you haven't, well, maybe you're in for a treat.<br/>So, in summary, I wouldn't buy this book if you were an intellectual unless you were trapped in some airport lobby somewhere. I wouldn't buy this book if you were a very dull person until you had run out of Tom Clancy. If someone describes the book as "shocking", "insightful", or "provocative", they're probably related to the publisher.
 I was standing on the beach last summer talking to a friend when she recommended this book.  I enjoyed it so much that after reading it, I went on to read every other book that Dan Brown has written, and I loved them all.  Several times during the reading of this book I had to go to the Internet to look up items involved in the story, and felt that I ended up with a book that not only entertained me, but enriched me from a cultural standpoint.  However, there's an even bigger story out there.  What if Jesus returned and everyone missed it?  "A Thief in the Night" by William Sears tells the story of his personal search for the answer to this question, and I'm hoping Dan Brown will pick up on it someday and turn it into another best seller.
 I finally caved in to the hype and read this book.  I wasn't expecting richly developed characters or elegant writing or intricately woven themes.  But I did think there would at least be an intriguing plot and some suspense.  Instead, what I found was a ridiculous plot, paper thin characters, bland writing, and not much suspense.  And, suspense was supposed to be the strong point.  Honestly, I thought the ending to this book was foreshadowed pretty heavily.<br/><br/>As far as the controversy goes, this is fiction.  The piece of nonfiction that provided most of the background is widely regarded as hogwash by scholars.  So, I think those who are offended are making a mountain out of a mole hill.<br/><br/>I know a lot of people just want a mindless read and don't want a book that will make them think.  If that is the case, you may enjoy the book.  However, I still think there are better works of suspense out there if you look for them.
 For years I read and loved Ludlum thrillers.  Finally, I gave them up both because I felt his writing style had deteriorated and because I was not learning anything while reading them.<br/>With The Da Vinci Code, Dan Brown has re-introduced me to the thriller.  In the process, he has provided more interesting and thought provoking information than one can get in most "serious" non-fiction works--symbology, the number phi, church and Biblical history, the Knights Templar, Freemasonry, etc. etc. etc.  The challenge is figuring out where the facts end and the fiction begins.<br/>I am anxious now to read Angels and Demons as well as to explore some of the topics Brown has raised.
 I engaged in this read after years of resistance: all of my coworkers and many friends had read it and talked about it ad nauseum.  I vowed to wait for paperback and finally gave in to the swell of popular acclaim.  I'm mostly glad I did so.<br/><br/>Like many other Amazon reviewers, I found the quality of writing and character development mediocre at the best of times.  I'm hardly a literary snob, but the quality of simile and metaphor in this book left much to be desired.<br/><br/>However, the writing is not the point of this book.  The point is the string of esoteric research that the novel deftly strings together, or occasionally presents out of context.  And what fun, thought-provoking research it was.  Some of the ideas were repeats of what I learned in college, and some were brand new to me.  Many devout Christian acquaintances have told me they enjoyed the book "as fiction", stressing the "as fiction" portion: I'm not entirely sure why.  Although the book seems to bash organized religion from the outset, it really serves more as a warning against desperation, greed, and fanaticism.  I thought the modern Catholic church came out fairly unscathed, if somewhat staid.<br/><br/>I did find two print errors in my copy:  one was a simple typo, the other was a "***" instead of a page number on one page.  These aren't critical errors, but for a high-profile book that stayed so long in hardcover before transitioning to a medium I could afford, I was disappointed to see that the publishers didn't think highly enough of the customer to deliver a perfect product.<br/><br/>Anyhow, it's a fun read, but definitely not a "must-read".
 The night before I got on a plane for my vacation I decided to pick up this book and see what all the fuss was about.  I read The Da Vinci Code over the course of a week while on vacation in Hawaii, and for the most part it was an entertaining read.  Some of the plot points were far fetched, but it moved at a fast pace and kept me interested.  Many of the the historical facts were WAAAAAAy off, but the fact that people are so stirred up over the subject matter has propelled this book to best seller status.  If you want to read this book, go for it!  Just remember that this book is a work of FICTION and that much of the history that is passed off as factual is remedial at best.  Use these pages to entertain, not educate, and you will find a much more satisfactory end result when you turn to the final page.
 I found this book to be an easy read, and I enjoyed the deciphering and tracking down of clues, and the way the different pieces of the puzzle fell into place.  However, I didn’t connect with (or admire) the main characters in the same way that I do with, for example, the protagonist in Dean Koontz or Dick Francis books, and it did feel at times as if the author was trying to convince me that this was actually non-fiction.
 I only give it 3 stars because of all the hype, and because I was upset when I heard that the Priory of Sion was just a hoax perpetrated by Pierre Plantard in 1956. Otherwise, it is a solid read.<br/><br/>This book starts off well, but kind of falls apart at the end.<br/><br/>It's easy to get wrapped up in this book, as the plot is intriguing to just about anyone. The hypotheses start wearing thin, however, as the book goes on, and I was not satisfied with the ending.<br/><br/>Having read the Holy Blood, Holy Grail, this is far superior to that novel, since it is far less pretentious, and is labeled as pure fiction. If you are to read just one Dan Brown book, though, make it Angels and Demons, which is a far more enjoyable read from start to finish.
 starting the read i enjoyed the idea of the concept. an exciting adventure to find a missing peace of history leading with many historical biblical and cultural commentaries. for me this book was a bit of a drag. it is repetitive and flooded with facts that keep you from the actual plot. i had a hard time appretiating all of the different facades of the story and so i can only truely recommend this book to loyal hardcore mistery lovers that can aknowledge the educational information while reading. if you get caught up with the story then you will enjoy it. unfortunately for me, i was just eager to finish and move on to a different book
 The book is a waste of time for any serious reader.  If you want to learn about the many interesting historical, symbological, and religious factoids that are sprinkled throughout the text, read a synopsis.  But you will not be entertained by this novel.  The author can undoubtedly turn out a respectable academic paper, but he should have had collaboration in writing a work of fiction.  Quite simply, he cannot construct a plot that builds tension and drives the story.  His characters are shallow and give the reader little reason to care about them.  The heroes aren't heroic and the villains are bland.  The worst part is the dialogue, which is unrealistic, stilted, often inappropriate, and rather juvenile.  The author also shares a flaw with Robert Ludlum... whenever a seemingly insurmountable problem arises, he pops up a new character who has the solution.  After a while, we anticipate this and lose any feeling of tension, fear, dread, excitement, etc. that would normally keep us turning the pages.<br/>As for the main theses of the book... the "truth" regarding the life and death of Jesus, the meaning of the Holy Grail, the suppression of the feminine roots of Christianity, and the roles of various secret societies... again all of this can be learned about in a few minutes' works on the Internet.<br/>I regret the hours I spent plodding through this clunker... I'd have done better reading Harry Potter!
 I was really expecting this book to rock the house.  I enjoyed Angels and Demons, and especially liked Robert Langdon.  While The Da Vinci Code has some cool ideas, I didn't care one iota.  Langdon became this incredibly passive and boring character with not much to do other than solve a puzzle with his brain whenever the story needed to move on.  There were way too many characters that I didn't care about.  Instead of spending time with Silas the not very scary Albino, I wanted more Langdon and Sophie.  And what's with the 2 page chapters?  I hope Mr. Brown's next book is a bit "deeper", and more engaging.
 Well researched information about a man who is probably one of the most amazing geniuses of all time, DaVinci, woven into a fictional story of intrigue. As his main character Brown paints a picture of a logical, mentally absorbed professor who delights in expounding on his personal encyclopedia of information about the world of ancient symbols and their deeper meaning.<br/>As he challenges the power of the church of Rome, he is met with life threatening opposition. Quite believable and an enjoyable read.
 To start, I feel I must first make known that I am a tough critic regarding books. I always give new books the "first 2 chapter" chance, meaning that if after I've read through the first chapters, and the book simply hasn't done it's job and lured me in....well, then it gets tossed onto the pile of books, that for whatever reason, just couldn't capture me. Then onto the next read....Having said this, I MUST say that I COULD NOT put Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code, as well as MANY of his other books, down....sometimes, not even for a moment. It is a TRUE achievement. Not only was it obvious to me that Dan Brown TIRELESSLY researched many many topics in order to compilate his prose sufficiently,  he is also, bar none, one of the most detailed &amp; intricate writers of our time. Bravo to Dan Brown. Further, I can't exclaim enough, that Angels &amp; Demons should be read in advance of the Da Vinci Code...Note to reader: you will understand why, I promise. And PS- Angels &amp; Demons is equally, if not moreso, phenomenal as Da Vinci Code. My favorite 3 Dan Brown Novels: Angels &amp; Demons, The Da Vinci Code, &amp; The Lost Symbol. ALL said novels are crowning achievements deserving of the highest accolades. I'm grateful for Dan Brown, seriously. Dan, you're a write star!
 I finished reading this last night - 2 1/5 days total reading time, I just couldn't put it down.  Now I won't claim that the book is an A+ Thriller/Mystery as I don't read those books and wouldn't be an educated critic - however, it did keep my complete attention at a busy time of the season (holidays)<br/>What I notice is that the book generated many questions for me and I am excited to learn more about lost religions.  I am looking on Amazon for more titles that will continue me on the journey...<br/>What I notice is that many, many others are feeling the same as I - I checked the Amazon 100 Best Seller list moments ago and found the following titles -<br/>  #5 -  Angels &amp; Demons<br/>  #8 -  The Gospel of Mary Magdalene<br/>  #16 = The Gnostic Gospels<br/>  #22 - Holy Blood, Holy Grail<br/>  #28 - Lost Christianities<br/>  #37 - Lost Books of the Bibles<br/>  #48 - Beyond Belief - The Secret Gospel of Thomas<br/>  #74 - The Secret Teachings of Jesus<br/>  #86 - Nag Hammadi Library<br/>  #99 - The Complete Dead Sea Scrolls<br/>This is the best flattery that a book can get - to spawn the interest into subjects that have been ignored by the mainstream for so long.  Proof that there is interest in questioning the status quo. People are finally questioning and questioning is that best one can do to educate oneself.<br/>I think this book deserves many awards for the amazing impact it is creating.
 Harvard University symbologist Robert Langdon is in Paris when he is awakened in the middle of the night by the police to come to the Louvre.  Someone killed museum chief curator Jacques Saunier in the most secure section, Grand Gallery near the Mona Lisa.  The culprit left behind enigmatic messages including bringing Langdon into the investigation.<br/>The police syspect Langdon killed the curator, but cannot prove it.  Meanwhile he joins with French cryptologist Sophie Neveuto in an effort to solve the puzzle of the message that both believe will lead to the identity of the killer.  They begin to decode clues that when combined forms a map depicting the locale of the Holy Grail and proof of the existence of Jesus.  However, several secret societies will use anything including murder to insure that the Grail remains hidden.<br/>The sequel to the exciting tale ANGELS AND DEMONS, THE DA VINCI CODE is a fast-paced tale that will provide much pleasure to readers who enjoy religious thrillers.  The police procedural takes a back seat to the engaging Langdon-Neveuto deciphering of the codes as the two characters are a delightful lead pair.  Though the story line occasionally detours into religious history sermons, fans will appreciate this fine action-packed novel.<br/>Harriet Klausner
 Not much can be said that hasn't already been said.  Not quite as good as Angels &amp; Demons, but an amazing book nonethless.  Brown's style of merging fiction and non-fiction is refreshing and prevents the reader from putting their book down.<br/><br/>Michael T. Hanley, CPA is the Managing Partner of the Smithtown, NY CPA Firm, Merl &amp; Hanley, LLP and the author of Effective Tax Planning for the MicroBusiness: <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/30-Minutes-With-A-Certified-Public-Accountant-Effective-Tax-Planning-for-the-MicroBusiness/dp/057801999X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">30 Minutes With...A Certified Public Accountant: Effective Tax Planning for the MicroBusiness</a>
 It's interesting how most of us accept the Bible without a lot of thought.  Reading this book you may realize like I did that there were a lot of hands making a lot of decisions about the Bible that have changed our view of reality forever.  And maybe not in a positive way.  Brown reminds me of Ludlum in that there's always some major unthinkable thing that will happen in the very next chapter.  It's a great read and the historical implications regarding our view of Jesus, the role of woman, the holy grail and da Vinci will never be quite the same.
 The Da Vinci Code is valuable more for its ability to interest people in art history and medieval politics than for the story itself.  The story is unique and well planned, but the writing itself is not spectacular.  Author Dan Brown employs the tried-and-true method of cliffhanger endings for every chapter, misleading characterization that draws suspicion to almost every major character, and a series of fascinating clues that simply yield more twists and turns.  This is not necessarily a bad thing--although Brown employs rather routine mystery novel ploys, he does it very well.  His mastery of the basic elements of mystery writing makes what would otherwise be a mediocre novel a very intriguing page-turner.<br/>I have to admit that I was drawn to this book because of the tempest of controversy surrounding it.  Personally, I didn't find the controversy to be warranted.  Many of the "scandalous" premises of the novel should already be familiar to anyone who has studied art history, medieval history, or simply the doctrines of the various Christian faiths.  The book is recommended by everyone from singer Tori Amos to Laura and George W. Bush.  Regardless of one's personal beliefs, this should be interesting book for any reader.
 I'm not impressed at all.  This is mediocre suspense writing at best.  The constant and often totally unbelievable  cryptographic meanings hidden in paintings, poems, and architecture became very tiresome and, after 500 pages, it seemed the author had gone off the deep end, 'round the bend, and to the funny farm...and he never looked back.  I wish I'd just seen the movie; it reportedly sucked too, but it would've saved me time.  It gets two stars only because he successfully hoodwinked the American public.
 First of all I would recommend to buy the Illustrated Edition. The illustrations inside give a new dimension to the book. Dan Brown's easy-going descriptive language and illustrations made me feel like I have visited and seen all the places with my own eyes. I am not a huge fan of thrillers, but this one is brilliant, although I enjoyed more a totally new point of view on Christianity and Jesus - the ultimate mystery, than the action of the thriller. I have also discovered many interesting facts about Da Vinci and other people and places that I was not aware of.<br/>The book is a good treat for both, mystery addicts and thrillers lovers as well
 Reading some of the reviews, I am taken aback at how seriously some people are taking this book.  Dan Brown says he poured a ton of research in the book.  Critics say the book is a bunch of malarkey.<br/>Personally, what matters to me is that I finished the whole thing in less than a day.  I can't think of another book that I've read recently that really captured my interest more than this one.  The chapters are short and always end in cliffhangers.  The story is filled with, if not truth, at least INTRIGUE.  The mere fact that this book has been so controversial makes you want to get into it even more.<br/>In short, this book is just FUN to read!  Even if it is a BIT of a stretch and the characters seem to be grasping for anything that even remotely ties into their theories (anagrams and all), it makes the story interesting.  For a work of FICTION, people, THAT is what I think matters in the end.
 After hearing so much about the book I picked up the audio CD so I can listen while I was driving.  I was pleasantly surprised by the pace of the book.  The book was always moving forward and always left you hanging for the next chapter.  The story follows the death of the curator of the Louvre and leads to a quest for the Holy Grail and a possible truth about Jesus Christ that could topple Christianity.  What I love most about this book is that the author took a long series of true events and weaved them together with just enough fiction to make it seem so believable.  To me this is a sign of a good book.  It makes you follow the story because you think it is true but the author's imagination takes you to a fictional place your own mind would not have gone too.<br/>The story to uncover the Holy Grail is well laid out by Dan Brown.  The book really takes place over teh course of two days but so much happens in those two days.  Reminds me of the fast pace that the TV show 24 has made so successfull.<br/>I am Jewish and not an expert at all on Christianity, but the truthful and fictional tales woven together about Christ and the Holy Grail were so fascinating.  Add a long history of a Secret Society that guards a secret the Vatican wants to remain a secret, but one that the society is obligated to reveal.  What could the secret be that would topple an entire religion.  Why would a secret society exist to guard it and how is the Church going to protect itself?  More importantly, why is a museum curator for the Louvre a central figure that ties all of this together?<br/>The questions above are an indication of the wonderful ideas the book brings out and makes you think.  There is suspense as the two main characters follow a series of cryptic codes left by the curator and are followed by the police and a killer who is being ordered by a very powerful man behind the scenes.  Is the Church involved?<br/>Then there is the question of the secrets of the Holy Grail?  Are these two characters following clues that will ultimately lead to the Holy Grail?  What is the secret that could ruin the church and what does it have to do with the Holy Grail?<br/>I could not stop stop listening to the CD as I needed these questions answered.  THis book fulfilled my desires, a great suspenseful story that realy made me think and question things as they are.  I recommend this as a great pleasure read or listen.<br/>Of course the overriding question to all of these subplots, is what does this also have to do with leonardo Da Vinci???  These questions make you want to read or hear more and keep you captivated.<br/>I know other reviewers criticize the book for certain factual mistakes.  However, I took the book for what it was, a fictional novel.  You have to suspend your belief somwhat.  I feel the author's research and touch of fiction have made the story seem so realistic and possible, which is the sign of a great book.  It makes you question real facts even though such facts were introduced in a fictional work.  Even when the fringes of fiction come through the truth, your quest to follow in the character's excitement makes you jump into their shoes and it feels realistic. I think I can let a few historical "stretches" slip by when I am reading fiction because it is not a documentary.  Personally I was so swept up in the story, I really would not notice anything incorrect unless I did the research myself.<br/>This book has spurred numerous discussions about Christ, Mary Magdelegne and Christianity and the Church.  How awesome is such a work of fiction that it makes us question reality??<br/>The writing style is very straightforward and clear and easy to follow.  The text moves quickly and there is not one point where it slows down, making you want to read more and more.  Pick it up and jump in with both feet.
 Some time ago I discovered people don't like negative reviews, but... What the heck! I have to comment on this book!<br/>The Da Vinci Code was surrounded by so much hype I was eagerly waiting for my wife to finish reading it to start. I went to the web pages in both English and Spanish, and tried to solve the mistery. The disappointment started to creep in when I had to answer a question asking the name of the police chief according to the book... Anyway, let's talk about the book.<br/>I started enjoying the book greatly. I had visited Paris and London on my honeymoon, and the book descriptions brought back welcomed memories. The book gets two stars instead of one because of this, and the fact I was able to finish it.<br/>I had heard the Catholic Church was angry because of this book, and was expecting some deep research and shocking truths. Instead, I found some ludicrous propositions, such as saying that patriarchal societies started 2,000 years ago, at the same time as Christianism.<br/>It also goes on explaining the golden ratio, expressing views that go against "The Golden Ratio : The Story of PHI, the World's Most Astonishing Number" by Mario Livio, who does an in depth (if somewhat dense) recall of the golden ratio.<br/>It talks about cyphers, and for that, you could read "The Code Book: The Science of Secrecy from Ancient Egypt to Quantum Cryptography" by Simon Singh, which is great, again more in depth and, unlike the Code, believable.<br/>And then, the author sense of thriller is too soap-opera style for me: "You know, I have a terrible secret I could tell you, but I'm not doing it now!". Please! I'd rather take my suspense from Stephen King, Michael Chrichton or Peter Hamilton any day.<br/>Maybe I would have liked better the book if my expectations had not been so high. It is a teen book, without much substance.
 As a murder mystery with a complex plot, I read the book from cover to cover between shifts and even on shift at work. I always wanted to know what happened next.<br/><br/>The various clues given to Sophie and Langdon were only an iota more complex than a Hardy Boys mystery. I found myself shouting at the book for at least two of the clues (even without having to visit Westminster Abbey and see Newton's tomb). After having figured out the ancient word for wisdom and using Atbash with the Hebrew language, how can anyone miss the Newton clue?<br/><br/>The interesting takes on the Last Supper are not news to me, altough I had forgotten about the hand with the knife. Having never connected the legendary chalice with the painting, that was no surprise, either. LDV wasn't around when the supper happened, and it is his rendition of the scene. The theory of Mary M. being the wife of Jesus is hardly the Holy Grail. At least one very large group of people on earth already have the belief that Jesus married and had children. I am one of those. So when the Grail was revealed, it was a ho-hum revelation to me.<br/><br/>I have only read the book once, and I have to go back to read it again (or the parts that I must have overlooked). I think there is at least one very loose end. At one point Fache was ready to wax Langdon as the killer and relentlessly tracks the fugitives. He has a connection with the Opus Dei, and we start to suspect he has alterior motives. When he finally comes face to face with the fugitives, he is overly nice to them and all is forgiven.<br/><br/>It's a good light read, and I had put off reading it because I heard it made the catholic church upset. I am not catholic, but I don't agree with sect bashing. In the end, the book is entirely fiction and any offense taken by any sect is unfounded. The theories of the "cover up" were laughable in my mind and added no great suspense or value to the murder mystery.<br/><br/>Yes, read it, just because of the interesting historical facts laced with theories.
 The Da Vinci Code is a brilliant masterpiece which cleverly combines history, religion, and modern times, and ties them together in a speedy thriller.<br/>  It begins when a renowned symbologist named Robert Langdon is called to the scene of a crime in the Paris Louvre museum.  He is told he was brought here so he can decipher a puzzle made with the body of the curator.<br/>  Robert is shocked because of this alone but withing minutes he is racing away from the police he just helped.<br/>  At the same time, he is learning of a dark secret which is slowly binding him to a conspiracy with the least likely person at its head.<br/>  Wonderful book which I recommend for anyone older than 9
 I think this book does achieve one primary objective.  It forces people to get out of their usual comfort zones and begin to explore Christianity a bit deeper than what was learned in Sunday School. Further, this was a highly suspenseful book with great action and Brown is able to put the reader in the midst of some of the more descriptive scenes in France.  I thoroughly enjoyed it but I can understand how many out there could give a poor rating. Once individuals are forced out of there comfort zones, a backlash of sorts will result from it.
 The story is a fine mystery I suppose...but the endless cryptograms and ciphers got pretty tedious.<br/>  Any book with Templar Knights the "Holy Grail" and an albino assasin gets a star just for trying.<br/>  I heard the author on a local radio program try to push the feminine goddess concept, which on its face sounds reasonable...but with deeper study you'll find its just another heresy in a long list of Pagan concepts that stretch from Babylon on down to our present day. Throw in a little British Israelism and some DaVinci mysteries and SHAZAAM...we got a bestseller!<br/>I probably would have given another star if not for two things...on Audio recordings how frickin hard is it to pay an actress to read female lines?  I'm sorry but even at his best the voice actor here makes a delicate French cryptologist sound like Francois the village drag queen.<br/>  Second...I was doing ok with the recording until Langdon asks Sophie.."You witnessed a sex ritual didn't you?"  and then tried to explain it being something not about sex...but a divine ritual of the Goddess.<br/>  Yeahhhhh...Riiiight.  How many Masonic Templars have used that line?<br/><br/>  Probably would work at a Tantra convention I guess.<br/>  Theologically... what a bunch of HOO HAA!
 Robert Langdon fans, rejoice!  The hippest hero you'll EVER catch in a Harris tweed is back for another trans-European thrill ride. There are enough conspiracy theories, exotic locales, history lessons, white-knuckle escapes, double crosses, and last second twists to make this book simply impossible to put down.<br/>While it is possible to read right through the book fairly quickly, the background material--such as the nature of the Holy Grail, Da Vinci's hidden codes, the religious symbology, and the early history of the Christian Church, to name just a handful--almost cry out for further study once the last page is turned.  That, I think, is one of this book's greatest strengths.  Readers who want to read this as a straight thriller will not be disappointed at all.  However, those who want to delve deeply into the mysteries of "The DaVinci Code" will find plenty of material to pore over.<br/>This book is a spectacular, command, virtuoso performance by an author who knows how to educate while bringing readers to the edge of their seats.  BEG him to keep writing!
 I won't go into the theological debates that this book obviously stirs up (that's such a lengthy dicussion with resources everywhere and readily available), but I will say that I did not find myself shaken by the assertions and implications of this book. I thought it was so obviously...well, fiction. On a literary stand-point, Dan Brown is undoubtedly a gifted writer, which is part of the reason why this book has done so well. He keeps his chapters short (all 105 of them, plus preface and epilogue), and his technique is the hook: he ends his chapters with some sort of " gasp!]" or "dun-dun-DUN!" moment, and makes you read a chapter of a separate storyline before you're given more bits of information as you read along. And it gets old after a while, once you pick up on this literary tactic. Some of it also seems a little too contrived or conveniently coincidental. It's almost like you're reading an episode of MURDER SHE WROTE, particularly with all the moments of sudden revelation and betrayal (for example, a character who appears to be helpful and benevolent, but now all of a sudden shows s/he has had his/her own ulterior motives all along), and to the point where you want to yell, "Puh-lease! Give me a BREAK!" That is what killed it for me, why it was obvious to me that this is a book of fiction, and while it is a well-written story, it can't be taken that seriously. Not any more than you would treat any other book of fiction.
 It's really funny for me that people tend to romanticize this book so much and end up saying that it's a work of an anti-Christ or even an anti-Christ book over all. It's a book, it's not even under the non-fiction category, it's just well-researched and mixed with Brown's imagination. you don't have to change your beliefs over a book. I'm seriously a fan of this book but I'm not a non-believer. Actually, nothing changed after reading it. I was just amazed that it all happened within a day in the story and how good this book was. Again, it's a book.
 The search for the Holy Grail is one of the most intriguing enigmas of history, art and fiction. Speculation as to its location, its meaning, even its existence have fueled the imaginations of artists, writers, rulers and clerics for centuries. Dan Brown's THE DA VINCI CODE is a stunning new thriller that presents a new slant on the meaning of the very nature of this vessel, which was purported to hold the blood of Christ.<br/>Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is in Paris on business when he receives an urgent midnight call at his hotel from the Paris Judicial Police. The man he had planned to meet with the next day, a curator of the Louvre, has been found murdered in the Grand Gallery of the world's most famous art museum. Langdon has been summoned apparently because of his connection to the victim and his knowledge of ancient symbols.<br/>He is rushed to the scene to find Jacques Sauniere's body lying spread eagled and naked with a pentagram painted on his torso. He is told that Sauniere apparently painted the symbol on his own chest and arranged his body in the bizarre position before he died of a gunshot wound to the abdomen. Langdon's expertise in symbology and his acquaintance with the curator are called upon to help decipher the motive and help police find the killer.<br/>Police detective Sophie Neveu from the Paris police cryptology division arrives on the scene; she and Langdon embark on a dangerous and frantic search for the murderer. They soon discover that Sauniere's message was not a clue to the identity of his killer, which is what the police believe, but instead holds a much deeper and significant message to mankind. The connections to the murderer reach into the very depths of some of the highest authorities of Europe.<br/>Langdon and Neveu are ensnared in the ever-tightening mesh of this deadly triangle of power, as Langdon seeks to clear himself of suspicion of his colleague's murder. The desperate battle between The Priory of Scion, Opus Dei and the Vatican in the search for the Holy Grail airs one of the most fascinating theories on the Holy of Holies published in a very long time.<br/>Dan Brown's extensive research on secret societies and symbology (he wrote ANGELS AND DEMONS, a bestseller about secret Italian religious societies) adds intellectual depth to this page-turning thriller. His surprising revelations on Da Vinci's penchant for hiding codes in his paintings will lead the reader to search out renowned artistic icons as The Mona Lisa, The Madonna of the Rocks and The Last Supper. The Last Supper holds the most astonishing coded secrets of all and, after reading THE DA VINCI CODE, you will never see this famous painting in quite the same way again.<br/>Brown has given us a controversial subject wrapped in thriller clothing that will provoke debate in the circles of religious and secret societies --- and among readers. Curl up on the couch and dive into a title filled with speculation, action and intrigue.<br/>  --- Reviewed by Roz Shea
 Reading the book I get the impression that Dan Brown spent many hours researching the Grail legends and its connection to the Priory, and, the Catholic Church. Much of this we can find in books such as Holy Blood; Holy Grail, etc. But - at least in my opinion - Brown does inject some less bandied elements into the subject in general: worship of the feminine principle, the concept the Sekinah, as the yang to YHWH's yin, and such. Brown then pours all these elements into a pretty good action-packed yarn about an American professor specialising in the Grail legends (Brown?) on the run from the French police and albino assassins for a murder of a museum curator. Interestingly the person he's on the run with is none other than the victim's grand-daughter. If you don't like the drama here then at least you might find the non-fiction elements refreshing. Brown's writing style is pretty good too: very short chapters with punchy scenes.
 Although it reads like a suspense novel, it's underlying message is that of the secrets of the church.  No big surprise there.  Anyone that has read anything by Elaine Pagels or read the Nag Hammadi will see the connection.  Anybody who is a true seeker, already knows the answers from within.  No religion has it right when it comes to the feminine and how important it is to the whole picture.  The suggestion that Jesus was mortal and married is not something new. He was a great master and teacher but people still do not hear his true message and that we are ALL from God.  If all things were revealed to the world by the right scources, there would be still be millions of people who would not be able to take the truth.  Besides that, who would support the church if their "flock" should ever know the real story of creation and the nature of our God?  Women would no longer be second class citizens in a man's world which was created by man and still controlled by man.
 Tell me, who doesn't love a captivating book? A book that keeps you turning the page in earnest to know what happens next? This is just that type of book. I've read it twice, and will read it again.<br/><br/>Dan Brown amazes me with his powerful ability to twist fact and fiction to create his masterpieces. As in his book Angels &amp; Demons, Brown shows off his talent using historical information to create an amazing adventure, leaving me mystified and enlightened. With a delightful twist ending, I find myself wanting to read the book all over again. Through his characters' eyes, I'm able to grasp the brilliance and breath-taking power of historical art with a new appreciation and understanding.
 The Da Vinci Code begins with an engrossing prologue that sets up all the elements of a swashbuckling mystery thriller, but the book deteriorates immediately afterwards. Despite the interesting subject matter, author Dan Brown flounders at writing suspense and creates characters too stale and clichéd to carry the story forward in an engaging way. Following the successful opener, Brown begins the action with a corny formal introduction to his protagonist, Robert Langdon, a debonair academic recycled from an earlier novel whom Brown clearly plans to parlay into a franchise of future bestsellers. Brown isn't sure how to characterize Langdon or the supporting cast and prefers to typecast, simply namedropping the Hollywood leading man he imagines playing his hero in the movie adaptation. (Hint: it's no coincidence that Langdon seems a crude knockoff of Indiana Jones, minus the gritty personality and rugged wardrobe which make the latter interesting.)<br/>None of the book's literary flaws are as grating, however, as the dialogue, which Brown renders so clumsily that it reminded me of nothing so much as a story submitted in college creative writing by one of the dimmer bulbs in the class. Readers will quite literally cringe during most dialogue and especially during two flashback scenes whose inclusion in the book is downright perplexing, one in which Langdon lectures college students on pagan sex (or something) and another in which Langdon visits a prison to conduct an advanced seminar on Leonardo Da Vinci with the hardened inmates. The words Brown puts in their mouths positively fail the laugh test. Let's just say Brown is quite clearly not a dutiful researcher of the relevant vernacular. These scenes thankfully end quickly, but the awkwardly constructed dialogue between Langdon and the female lead is relentless, inducing Richter-scale cringing at the mere contemplation of the inevitable sex scene (which Brown mercifully leaves to the imagination but which shall certainly figure more prominently in the movie, should one be made).<br/>Yet the dialogue is for the most part not at all flirtatious and is most frustrating when written in the same formal narrative tone as a history textbook. This is the device Brown uses whenever he must give readers some background on Da Vinci or early Christianity. Rather like the know-it-all scientist figure in every Michael Crichton novel, Langdon or another character appears periodically to succor readers with dry soliloquies that also serve as the Cliffs Notes to the stale revelations of the upcoming chapter. Despite the bad writing and deus-ex-machina quality of these diversions, some are actually fairly interesting and probably the only motivation available to actually finish the book, since the "suspense" is largely illusory. Each of the numerous plot twists is predictable fifty to a hundred or more pages in advance, so much so that it would be hard to identify which developments Brown intended to be surprises but for his narrative intervention: Brown kindly informs us that a character is "stunned" or "speechless" whenever he unleashes such impotent bombshells, apparently to compensate for his failure to arouse these emotions in readers.<br/>Worse still, when one looks to the supposed mystery at the heart of the novel, one realizes that "there is no there there." So much of the mystery unravels from the characters talking to one another -- and so little from their actually doing anything -- that by the end it seems the book would not have been substantially different if Langdon had simply stayed in his hotel room and conducted a lecture into a Dictaphone. Most of the lectures concern the secret society bearing the ominous appellation "The Priory of Sion," but if the plot has any credibility the Priory utterly failed to keep anything secret, since every character knows all there is to know about it (and constantly tells us). That's adequate if one approaches The Da Vinci Code as a fictionalized historical essay, for whatever that's worth, but as a suspense novel it fails. By the end Brown has little to reveal that he hasn't already told us, and the suspense concludes not with a bang but a whimper.
 Maybe this is the reason why I don¡¯t read suspense novels. I can¡¯t take the suspense!<br/>Ok, all right, lame jokes aside¡­<br/>So the book then¡­ It¡¯s fascinating, certainly, but well written? Hmm¡­<br/>To tell you the truth, I think as long as the writing¡¯s coherent it¡¯ll still be an intriguing read simply because of the subject matter ¨C Mary and Jesus sitting in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g¡­? The writing¡¯s OK, but just that I¡¯ve read so many better written books.<br/>While I know a mystery novel needs to incorporate some cliff-hangers, it gets a bit silly after a while and it lost its power to be gripping, especially if the author wants to end every chapter with one and also had the bright idea to divide the book into almost a hundred chapters.<br/>I found this book to be extremely ¡®well rehearsed¡¯, particularly during flash backs of Langdon teaching at Harvard, it doesn¡¯t get any more clich¨¦d than this ¨C the dumb jocks, the ¡®edgy¡¯ comebacks, the silence and wonder in the room after a revelation¡­ it¡¯s so over the top it¡¯s funny. Well¡­ I laughed anyway.<br/>I doubt I¡¯ll ever read this book again simply because once you¡¯ve finished it, what¡¯s the point in re-reading it? It¡¯s much more likely you¡¯ll want to investigate all the ¡®facts¡¯ or imagine what would happen if it were real. Dan Brown¡¯s opened up the world to a new ancient conspiracy, and you know us humans¡­ We love a good conspiracy!
 i admit i got caught up in the hype and read this solely based on other people's reactions. my final take on this piece is that, while entertaining, it's just another cheesy mystery novel. a large part of this book is focused on an alternate history involving jesus christ and mary magdalene but, while interesting, i can't take anything in this book as fact in the same way i won't let the movie pearl harbor grant any awareness about what really happened on dec 7 1941. the author went as far as stating that opus dei and the priory of sion were real organizations on the first page of the first chapter.. perhaps leading the reader to think that their role in the novel is indicative of their role in the real world.<br/>wondering if opus dei really existed i googled them to discover, wow, they really do exist. i mean "wow" as in "why did the author choose to defame a real catholic organization." he depicts opus dei followers as corporal mortifiers, racketeers, fanatics and even murderers. whether or not this is really true doesn't vindicate the author because since this is a novel and not an academic work there is no ethical responsibility to portray the truth. so in reading the user is coerced to understand the opus dei characters in the exact way the author characterizes them in the novel (specifically "silas"). we see the same issues in movies where viewers are led to believe something about history (or the real world) when in fact the story being told is a work of fiction (ala apollo 13, saving private ryan, braveheart and my favorite example, pearl harbor which was sold as a movie about 12/7/41 but actually had almost nothing to do with it).<br/>da vinci code is a novel, i know! i know! but it seems to me that people would rather get their facts from fictionalized stories than actual facts. i remember when pearl harbor came out everyone was commenting on how much they learned about wwii and the japanese invasion and all the while i could barely keep myself from puking all over these history students. so my rant has a point, you'll be surprised... in that i got the same reaction from people about this novel. "oh it's so fascinating, i didn't know that da vinci did all those things, that opus dei was a bad religious organization and that there is a secret grail society blah blah blah..." as i mentioned earlier, while this is "interesting" i think the interest merits further investigation and until then can be categorized as "entertainment" and nothing else.<br/>so what drove me down this long path, you're asking yourself. well my first quest for the truth involved a visit to opus dei's website whereupon i discovered a link to a public statement in reaction to this novel. reading this statement affirmed my belief that you can't take anything at face value. i even feel sorry for them b/c this novel is so popular and they are getting a bad rap because of it.<br/>so my final analysis of this book is what my high school english teacher calls a "tv book." that is, a piece of literature that has no more value than to entertain ... which is why i think alot of people like this book. just don't mistake it for being "informative."
 I had to read this book after watching all the dust it kicked up. I knew it was going to be disappointing and it was. Usually any such book that builds up the mileage based on public sentiments is disappointing to anyone who doesn't care about the sentiments.<br/><br/>I have no affiliation to the church. I don't think any of the stories that the church is based on is really credible. Even the so-called believers shouldn't base their faith on any historic pretentions. The stories behind the church are fishy at their best. All that this book does is to highlight the fishiness and build a fiction on top of that. As a fiction, the trail that Langden and Sophie follow to solve the puzzle is lame, non-convincing and a drag. There are very few portions in the whole book that qualify as interesting reading. But, the dust kicked up by the controversy kind of pushes you through the end of the book. I was hoping that there would be something in the end that would really expose the religious establishment, but there is nothing that bold from the author. He plays so safe that I don't even understand what the dust was all about.<br/><br/>Anyway, the best accomplishment by the book is that it has managed to wake up the common man (who has been gradually losing the ability to think). That is what makes this book interesting... not anything inside it.
 Professor Robert Langdon, on business in Paris, is called to the Louvre Museum late one night, after closing hours. He arrives at the renowned museum and is greeted by police detective, Bezu Fache. Fache shows him the curiously arranged dead body of Jacques Saunière, brutally murdered, former curator of the Louvre. Not long afterwards, Sophie Neveu, French cryptologist, arrives on the scene. She gives Langdon a secret message and shows him a vital clue that the police have ommitted to disclose to Langdon: "13-3-2-21-1-1-8-5 O, Draconian devil! Oh, Lame saint! P.S. Find Robert Langdon" A clue left behind by the dead man but what does it mean? One thing is for sure and that is Langdon is now chief suspect of the crime. Sophie must help Langdon escape the clutches of the police and unravel a succession of clues leading to the great secret held by the dead Jacques Saunière.<br/><br/>Secret societies, cryptic clues, theories challenging the foundation of the Christian Church and the Bible all go into making this a fast paced and fascinating but rather far-fetched read. The Vatican has, as of March 2005, recommended against reading this book which will no doubt add to its notoriety and thus increase sales figures. However, I believe that it is just a piece of harmless fiction, although some devout Christians may find it offensive and/or laughable.<br/><br/>Lea Ling Tsang
 Once again Dan Brown amazes me with his work. He sends Professor Langdon and the reader, on a mysterious yet controversial journey.  I promise you that the plot and story line will keep your eyes glued to this book. In the story he explores the deepest secrets of the Catholic church, and at the same time, exploits the secrets of many secret societies. He incorporates a plethora of information in to this long book, but makes it read extremely fast. I was a 6th grader when I first read this book and I was still able to comprehend it. This is a very easy read for anyone in the family.<br/><br/> I will say though that much of the information in the book is fictional. Especially the characters. I have talked to many people that have also read it and the believed that the whole story was true. He even puts at the beginning of the book that the information is fictional! In conclusion, it is a very easy read for anyone but when reading it don't take much of the information as true.
 Daniel Brown, God's Rainbow Warrior Lawyer, Catopolis loves you. So does Dr. Seuss. I wish you a homespun apple pie, Mr. Brown. ~ with Love, from ShadowedFacts, the Free LAD's NAG (eastariel)<br/><br/>~ MOON SHADOWS ~<br/>An angel went into the night<br/>with the holy ghost, his ray of light,<br/>the eve of paradise with no name,<br/>an innocent girl who was given the blame.<br/><br/>~ MICHELANGELO*'S MOON ~<br/>True Love is when two become as one.<br/>Godly Love is when two become three.<br/>That means you are each a world independent of each other,<br/>a world your True Love can run to for sanctuary and mystery.<br/>The third is both of you together, intimate,<br/>where your two worlds join<br/>like the foundation of a V tree.<br/>{ * archer-angel Michael }
 I am sure most of the reviews have given this book great accolades and it is not by accident because the book is that good!<br/>Having recently read Deception Point (a totally excellent thriller from start to finish), by Brown it took me a little while to get into this book. It starts off a little bit slow compared to the other book, but it takes off in a new direction. It involves a treasure hunt of sorts as Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu follow ingenious clues in search one of the most famous hidden religious secrets of all time. Meanwhile, they are being pursued by the French Police (for a murder they did not commit) and a zealous religious sect that will stop at nothing to ensure that the secret is destroyed before it is revealed to the world.<br/>Brown has put a lifetime of research into this well written and thought provocative story. He explains the symbolism in many of Leonardo Da Vinci's works and other famous artists throughout history including Walt Disney!<br/>I am surprised that this book is not talked about like the film, "Last Temptation of Christ," since a lot of what it talks about is totally different than what is being taught by the various churches.
 Pretty sure this book has a high concentration of GMOs. Ever since I started reading it I've suffered from itchy eyes, irritable bowel, restless legs, restless bowel, restless eyes and irritable legs. From now on will only buy locally sourced books.
 I'll admit it: I liked the premise of the story and history that went into this novel. And yes, the first couple of pages really sucked me in...<br/><br/>One thing I found annoying: Dan Brown tends to use a slightly patronizing tone - repeating unnecessarily the most obvious "hints" that are key to plot development. What makes a really good mystery novel (and a really good movie, natch) is the fact that you have to THINK about what comes next - and sometimes, draw your own conclusions. The author shouldn't have to spell it out for you.<br/><br/>Yes, some parts were preposterous (the bank scene, the end chase scene, etc.) But overall, it's a great time-filler and a fast-paced, interesting story.
 First, the good news: this is a really enjoyable book to read.  I found it to be so much fun that I read the whole thing in less than twenty hours (including breaks for sleeping and meals).  If you're looking for some light, entertaining suspense, you won't be disappointed.<br/>If, however, you're interested in questions about theology, biblical criticism, and the like -- read with caution!  This novel might as well be subtitled "Literary Adventures of the Jesus Seminar."  You'd do well to read Lee Strobel's "The Case for Christ" as a companion volume, and you'd do even better to read "Jesus under Fire," edited by J.P. Moreland and M. Wilkins, before and after picking up this novel.
 While Da Vinci code definitely lives up to its hype, customers ought to know that a large portion of the novel's plot concepts were lifted from Lewis Perdue's Daughter of God, including the female lead, the Vatican secret society, Magdalene as the Chalice of Christ, and a number of other "coincidences" as listed by Perdue at his website for Daughter of God.<br/>However, in defense of Brown, several reviews attempt to muddle the revelatory ideas proposed by the Da Vinci code throughout the course of the book. While the book's premises are fiction, Brown's preface about the authenticity/historical accuracy of the content is legitimately posted, as the Merovingian order is a moot subject.<br/>For example: someone said earlier that Brown says DaVinci's Mona Lisa was a self-portrait via Langdon, the main character. Apparently, this person didn't read the entire book. Later, Langdon points out that contrary to the rumor that Leonardo created Mona Lisa to represent himself "in drag," Leonardo as a member of the pagan cult involved in the book created Mona Lisa to symbolize the androgynous unity of male/female in the Sacred Feminine.
 I am unhappy that people's ignorance has taken away from their enjoyment of this book. This is a fabulous work, and I hope everyone enjoys it. Who bases their lives off this book? Sure, the book raises some questions, but it's fiction. Here's a hint, if it's too good to be true, it probably is. Just like the edifice blatantly says, there are no facts in this book. Just art.
 There is lot of hype surrounding this book. I do not intend to engage the discussion of if it is factual or historically correct. As far as I know, I bought it in the fiction section, and although, like many other works of fiction, it may draw from real people, places, and history, it recasts them in a fictional account. Whether Mr. Brown thinks these things are true or not is impertinent to this review. I read it as and will treat it like fiction.<br/><br/>Now, with this understanding, I will say that I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It was exciting and puzzling, kept a good pace, and was a great idea.  I found it hard to put down.<br/><br/>The last man knowing the secret bloodline of Christ is murdered, and in an effort to pass on this information before he dies, leaves clues for his daughter to follow. This takes her and professor Robert Langdon on a wild chase to secure this information.<br/><br/>It is a good story and a good adventure. Is it overrated? Yes. But it is still a good read. If you take it for what it is I think you will enjoy it.<br/><br/>I recommend it.
 Yes folks, it's only FICTION.  And it is good fiction, though I don't call it great fiction.  Certainly, Dan Brown has an active imagination, and the first half of the book is explosive and compelling to read.  But the adventure aspect of it gets a little old in the second half of the story, and I thought it ended in a wimper.<br/>When it comes to the theology aspects of the story, I prefer to side with the Apostle Paul's version of Christ, over Leonardo DaVinci (assuming Dan Brown is accurately characterizing DaVinci and others).
 I read Da Vinci Code first and liked it so much that I proceeded to read three other books by Brown: Digital Fortress, Angels and Demons, and Deception Point. I've loved every one of them! Brown writes books that are so good, you find you are setting aside everything else until you finish them. He is a suspenseful writer, holds your interest, and is enticing enough with his 'facts' that you're willing to suspend disbelief. Every one of his books leaves you satisfied and ready to read another. If you haven't become acquainted with this author yet, you're in for a treat!
 this is an exciting page turner..Dan Brown has a way of mixing in suspense, intrigue and keeps you in the story..controversial? never understood all the controversy..it's fiction, folks! Dan Brown has taken some real facts and twisted and connected all the dots..it's never really challenged my Catholic beliefs..some of what he suggests could possilby be true..even if it is it never questioned or challenged my faith..my faith rests in the belief of one God and the truth of what Jesus tried to teach us not Church dogma..the man is trying to sell books! what better way to do it..I found it an excellent quick read..but alot like a Hollywood movie that you enjoy so much when you are in the theatre but as soon as you walk outside your mind wanders off to something else..
 The summary of the book goes thusly: puzzle presented...meaningless discussion...eureka!  Puzzle solved!  Ad infinitum.<br/><br/>I expected much more out of this novel.  The characters are completely undeveloped, and not a single event was a surprise in the reading.  Poor, poor writing.<br/><br/>That having been said, I did give two stars, because the suspense was kept high; a "page-turner" is the common colloquial expression.  I'll have to admit that I laughed out loud at some of the absurd "connections" in the book, however.<br/><br/>As for the entire "Church as a monster" writ in the exposition of Teabing and Langdon, the shock value was definitely there, but especially by that time, it's hard to take anything written very seriously any more.  How perfectly, thoughout the book, any evidence supporting the Holy Blood/Holy Grail theory is endlessly repeated, and any counterevidence ruthlessly ignored.<br/><br/>As a final insult, at each pause in the action, it looks like Brown visited Wikipedia and just summarized any information he saw there concerning the locale that he was about to discuss.  Some impeccable research.
 I finally decided to read the Da Vinci Code.  More so out of curiosity than anything.  I must say that the start of the book was just BORING.. However, as I continued to read, the more fascinated I became. I feel that Dan Brown has a gift for pushing the boundaries of Innovation.  I do not consider myself to be a religious person, but very much so a spirtual one.  I was not at all offended by anything depicted in this book, because it is a work of fiction. I am always suprised when people express such strong views about this book, because it is a work of fiction.  In addtion to the fact that there are so many other things that we could worry about ( Abuse in the catholic church amongst these things.)This book is meant to be both thoughtprovoking and entertaining. Both of which Dan Brown has been able to convey well.
 Along with "Charm School" by Nelson DeMille, this is a book I could not put down.  It is painful to part company with this fantastic tale.  It is so believable, I became confused between what is fact and fiction...I had to find a copy of "The Last Supper" painting to confirm a major crux of this story, it is that believable.  As the plot twists and turns, I was so wrapped in the story, I found myself dreading the worst for the protagonists despite "knowing" that the book had to go on.  I cannot rate this book high enough...I'm almost sure Dan Brown's other books won't be as good, but I intend to read them all to find out.
 I heard the audio book, then I read about 5 of the supporting research books, then I read The Davinci Code and then I saw the movie several times. I thought the book was better than the audio and the movie was a great enhancement of the book, being action sound and acting, with real trips to many of the books locations.<br/><br/>As I listen to movie goers before and after the movie, in the theatre halls and lobbies, I hear two things; a) reassurance and approval from those who've read the book, and b) shock and bewilderment at the themes being put forward in the movie, by those who have not yet read the book or any of the supporting books. No wonder. Can you imagine the barrage of new and powerful statements being made and having 2 hours to come to terms with them. I think it will take some people just a little longer. The movie and the book are a great introduction to the issues, but the convincing evidence and remaining discussions linger close-by and not exclusively within The Davinci Code. Not by a long shot.<br/><br/>However, while the research still goes on, the fundamentals are in place; that Christian history, Christian leadership and Christian documents, and CERTAINLY, the life of a human called Jesus (another well educated, very tactful and focused politician), the life of Mary Magdalene and the reality of John The Baptist have been extremely distorted over and over again.<br/><br/>Where original documentation is found to assist in understanding, then all the better. Where it is lacking, then we have the ability to fill in the gaps or reveal the other gaps, with some reasonable, rational, intuitive, wise ideas until we find more data.<br/><br/>So the question remains......while the Davinci Code is the tip of the iceburg, for providing a great introduction to the wide variety of research going on into the REALITY of what went on over the last 3500 years, from the stone builders in northwest Europe, to the Egyptians, to the cultural evolution of the middle east, to the days of Mary Magdalene/Jesus and their Benjamin/David implications...........are the ideas in the Davinci Code so supported by evidence and careful, substantiated thoughts at this point that we should now believe these things?<br/><br/>Personally, I don't think it takes all that much research to realize that any religion that says that IT defines GOD and that IT provides the only interpretation of GOD and You must pass through IT to meet the GOD.......is of course nothing but criminal activity. Then considering the details of the history of the Roman Catholic Church, then it's no wonder why so much ignorance, stupidity, anger, abuse, perversion, hatred, degenerate behaviour and patronization was distilled into their leadership from the day of the Neanderthal called Peter.<br/><br/>I think that millions will find shock, revulsion and possibly final release. I think that millions will rediscover self-respect, compassion, redemption and autonomy.<br/><br/>I see that the book is highly popular with females.<br/><br/>Thankyou!
 This book, in short is about "Holy Grail" and its frenetic chase by 2 parties. The book starts by describing the murder of curator of the famous Louvre museum in Paris (Jacqueas Saunere). At the murder scene, the curator, while in last dying moments, leaves a very curious encrypted message, presumably for his granddaughter Sophie (and an American symbology professor from Harvard, Robert Langdon. Since he openly leaves Langdon's name but having never met him before, Police take him as their prime suspect so there is a bit of police chase too). Langdon discovers that Saunere was a member of a very prestigious ancient secret sociery called "Priory of Scion", whose previous grand-members included greats such as Da-Vinci and Newton. In short, Scion guards an ancient secret, so powerful and explosive in nature, that it could rock the foundations of modern church and christinaty. This secret is related to "Holy grail". The church wants to find this grail and its references to destroy them to save their skin (and maintain their powerful stature) and they have made such attempts in the past. The Scion, a natural adversary of Church, guards this secret. However on the ominous day of Saunere's murder, all the 4 prominent members of the Scion are killed by someone (presumably in Church's payroll) endangering the loss of this secret forever. In order to make the secret hiding place of "Holy Grail" as uncompromisable as possible, Saunere has designed a "keystone" (hidden in a locker of a swiss bank), which holds the map to this secret place. This keystone is a double layered cylinder of 5 attached pieces and each piece has letters A to Z on its rim. Each layer can only be opened by a password (by aligning all 5 pieces correctly), which can be derived by finding answers to his mystique and symbolic verses. (Note that due to ingenious design, one cannot just smash the keystone and hope to retrieve the map). Langdon, who is faced with murder charges and Sophie, must race against time, away from the Police and a shodowy adversary (who is also after the keystone) to find this secret location.<br/>On the positive sides, the chapters are short, fast-paced, intricately woven within each other and interesting. The author takes his time to slowly divulge many important details, which keeps your curiosity burning. The book is full of tremendous general knowledge, both interesting and mind-boggling. You get a crash course in the history of church, paganism, works of da Vinci, symbolism and much more.<br/>On the drawbacks side, I was left with a few apprehensions in the end. We know who kills Saunere and other Scion members but it wasn't clear how he knew their names through such secrecy? Also in the end, though Langdon knew the secret location, the story ends right there (with Langdon getting a kiss and a date from Sophie - how predictable and Hollywoodish). At least some allusion to something interesting (like Langdon becoming Scion's grand master or he revealing the sacred secrets etc etc) would have been nice. What was the point of all this odyssey if this secret remains secret forever (It is told in the end that this secret will never be revealed as assumed otherwise)? It looks as if Robert Langdon won himself a French chick for all his toils and endangerement to his life...hardly a worth price. It left me with an empty hollowness. Maybe the author wanted to show (again symbolically) that Langdon, who through his manuscripts "obliviously" staggered around the pieces of the truth (through the story, it is revealed that Langdon almost knows the truth - he knows all the pieces like the Scion, the holy grail, the mystique symbology etc etc) only connected this jigsaw puzzle in the end and saw the truth in its pristine light. Maybe all this ordeal was great for Langdon, the true historian, who for this shred of immensely important historical knowledge would happily risk his life. But books are not written for characters, they are written for readers. As a reader, I was totally dissatisfied with the end. There are also flaws in the character behavior. Some brief examples are Sophie's estranged relation with her loving grandfather (Saunere) for a full 10 years, Langdon's decision to run when he knows he was falsely framed in Saunere's murder rather than surrender and take much better odds through legal means, the bank's manager's (Vernet) helping to Sophie and Langdon to avoid the police just to keep his bank's name out of the news - in all these instances, characters behave unnaturally.<br/>However this is a "must read" because its good parts far outweigh a few anamolies.
 I first learn about The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown, through my father and older sister who read it before me, then I watched the movie and after a few years I decided to read it for my high school Humanities class. The Da Vinci Code was a very long book but quite easy to read for me.<br/><br/>I borrowed the special illustrated edition from the public library since I was not sure if I wanted to spend the money to buy the book. The special illustrated edition helped me a lot in imagining the places in The Da Vinci Code so I could almost be in the book itself. Sometimes I could not believe that what some of the stuff in the books where real, but pictures in the book helped me believe it was somewhat real. One of the most interesting pictures was The Last Supper because I never knew one of the people at the table had been a woman and possibly Mary Magdalene and I had to look at it more carefully to see if it was really a woman. Also pictures like the Château Villette and the Arc De Triomphe helped me see another part of the world because I have not visited countries outside of the United States. Sometimes it was hard to choose if something sounded or looked real because I knew that not everything was real in this fictional book. As I read the book, I constantly questioned myself whether the things where true or false.<br/><br/>It was also challenging to see if I could figure out the puzzles before I read the answers to them. Many of the puzzles where anagrams and one of the anagrams are Amon L'isa which is Egyptian gods called Amon and Isis who was called L'isa. The anagram answer was Mona Lisa. The book had so many hard puzzles I could only figure out a few on my own. If I did not figure it out, eventually the book would explain and answer the puzzle usually in the same chapter. The Da Vinci Code was very easy to read and when the stories of Silas, the albino and Professor Langdon and Sophie all came together it became very exciting and it hooks you in. While Silas was looking for the keystone, Professor Langdon had received it, not knowingly what the keystone was, from Jacque's bank. In the book it was extremely appealing when Professor Langdon or any of the other characters told about Leonardo Da Vinci and his pieces of work. Some of them include the cryptex, The Madonna of the Rocks, Mona Lisa and many more invention and paintings.<br/><br/>Although parts of the plot where a little boring and long, the places and objects Dan Brown described where very attention-grabbing. One of the most interesting thing was the number PHI, the golden ratio. PHI was very interesting because Professor Langdon explains that PHI is called the Divine Proportion and he told if you get the number of female bees and divide them by the number or male bees you get PHI and if you measure your height and divide by the distance from your belly button to the floor you also get the same result, PHI.<br/><br/>Overall I think the book is quite easy to read and is a good book and almost anyone could read it, but it could take a little bit of time. Now that I've read the book I would recommend people to buy the book or the regular one because it's a nice collection to your personal library.
 Yes, Angels and Demons was a better book but this one was great.  One of the criticisms of Dan Brown's books are that they are not historically accurate.  My only response to that is that these books are FICTION.  Dan Brown does not claim that his books are works on non-fiction.  Read these books with some suspension of disbelief.<br/><br/>No, The Davinci Code is not written with big words and doctoral thoughts.  The writing style is simple and easy to read.  But...this man is a great story-teller.  His books are page-turners and hard to put down.<br/><br/>This story (like Angels and Demons) takes place in a 24-hour period and the action moves fast.  The book opens with a murder and closes with some heart-wrenching surprises and twists.<br/><br/>I loved exploring Christianity, Paganism, the Priory of Sion, and Opus Dei through the course of this book.  The illustrated version was incredible but I wish I would have read the regular version because I took too long to ponder the images and this slowed down my reading.<br/><br/>I also enjoyed being reacquainted with artwork I hadn't thought about since college...especially The Mona Lisa, The Last Supper, and Madonna on the Rocks.<br/><br/>One criticism...the chemistry between the characters wasn't very strong.  I didn't believe that they cared about each other...they each had very different reasons for being on their quest.<br/><br/>Nonetheless, this is an intelligent thriller that is sure to captivate you.  Read it before the movie comes out in May!  You don't want to know the surprise ending until you read it in the book.<br/><br/>Enjoy.
 Though this novel won't go down as a classic of modern literature, this bestseller is a surprisingly good read.  The pacing reminded me of "The Firm", one of those rare books that draws you in from the start and keeps up the suspense (and the reader into the late hours of the night).<br/>The beauty of The DaVinci Code is that not only does it provide suspense, but it also causes readers to analyze theology, art, architecture, history and organized religion.  Even though the book is obviously fiction and undoubtedly takes liberties with its subject matter, this book will get your mind going.  I would bet that online images of DaVinci's "The Last Supper" have gotten quite a few looks over the last year.  I know that I took a second look at several of his works and did some online research while reading this book.<br/>Please note that Brown puts forth many ideas in The DaVinci Code that are contrary to established religious doctrine.  If you are leery of any writing that introduces mythology, secret societies and pagan belief systems, then this is not a book for you.  I am sure that this book receives many negative reviews solely based on a reader's disagreement with the subject matter.  Remember that this is just an intriguing work of fiction, approach it with an open mind and I think you will enjoy it.<br/>There are several negatives to point out.  The protagonists are Robert Langdon, an American symbologist and Sophie Neveu, a French cryptologist.  That is about all you need to know about them because character development was sacrificed in the interests of maintaining the action and suspense.  Unfortunately, the characters are used only to drive the plot and introduce the ideas/puzzles that make this book so unique.  A bizarre murder forces them to race across Paris and England to unlock the clues to a mystery that has existed for centuries.  Along the way, they must withstand vigorous pursuit from the French police, rogue members of an ultra-conservative Catholic sect and other mysterious antagonists.  I must say that there were a few times during their adventure that I had to "willingly suspend my disbelief" a little more than I might for most novels. Also, I found that there were several predictable moments in the story.  But for me, the biggest disappointment was chapter 105, when Robert invites Sophie to Florence. Gag... Brown did nothing with the characters along the way to make this relationship believable but story-telling convention required him to have the male and female protagonists romantically attached.<br/>Despite its weaknesses, The DaVinci Code is an entertaining read deserving of its continued bestseller status.  This book goes beyond the traditional thriller and gets readers to think about the world around them, though definitely not in a way that the Vatican would approve!
 I am a Catholic. I love conspiracies. Who doesn't? It is great to let one's imagination fly and think that nothing is as it seems. But until all facts are known, conspiracy theories are no different than gossip. This book certainly has lit a spark on me to start researching more into the historical facts sorrounding the Grail. It is always a good thing when books, films, albums, lead into the need for more knowledge in any given topic.<br/>Before reading this book I knew a bit about the Grail, Templars, Mary Magdalene, etc. It was a surprise that Rennes le Chateau, one of the key locations surrounding this mystery, was not even mentioned. The only reference is the name Jacques Sauniere, probably in honor of Berenger Sauniere parish priest of Rennes le Chateau who died in 1917.<br/>I enjoyed the way Dan Brown used this crime fiction story to expose the grail theories to the masses. He uses a clever way to weave "facts" and his own opinions into the story. I agree with Mr Brown in many of his views. One of them being that the Catholic Church fabricated out of thin air the vow of celibacy and supressed any type of power or involvement of women in the Church.<br/>The portrait of Opus Dei was probably a bit exagerated for shock value. The whole corporal punishment thing seems extreme. But what I know from first hand experience (I personally know many Opus Dei members) is that people who belong to Opus Dei are fundamentalists and are some of the most close-minded and stubborn individuals I've met.<br/>The cons of this book is are that the plot is too hollywood-esque for my taste and the characters are all cliches as some reviewers have also pointed out. It is still a worthwhile read.<br/>I don't doubt that the Catholic Church has done some re-writting of history (a la Orwell's 1984) for their own benefit. As many empires and governments have done too.<br/>Jesus was the most influential person in all history, who else has partitioned time to make our dates after and before themselves?. His teachings inspired a whole new way of thinking, his message is one of peace, good deeds, love, forgiveness. Personally I think it wouldn't make a difference if he was married and had kids.<br/>I guess everyone agrees that history doesn't have precise answers to everything you can only get aproximations of what actually happened by reading as many sources as possible. Everyone should pick up a few books on the Templars, art history and the Bible after reading the Da Vinci Code. I will try to do it.<br/>If you read the Da Vinci Code, do it with an open mind and as another reviewer suggested do not take it as gospel.
 Of COURSE it's fiction, but the research behind the story is impeccable, and it makes the story very plausible. The author, Dan Brown, draws heavily on the book, Holy Blood, Holy Grail, by Michael Baigent, Richard Leigh and Henry Lincoln who spent more than a decade in researching the historical facts behind the story.  I did some research of my own. The organizations named indeed exist or existed as claimed: the Prieur du Sion dates back to 1099, and whose grand masters included such luminaries as Leonardo Da Vinci and Isaac Newton--not exactly lightweights--and apparently one of the more modern (1885) leading figures was a priest named Berenger Sauniere, abbe at Rennes-le-Chateau (also the surname name of the murdered curator in the story), and was followed by the Knights Templar, the Ordre du Sion's  military arm, (which was originally founded during the Crusades by Godfroi de Bouillon, who was named King of Jerusalem by the Pope, and was the leader of the first Crusade, AND who claimed to be a direct descendant of Jesus through Mary Magdalene; and the Opus Dei, which still exists at its headquarters at 243 Lexington Avenue in New York, exactly as stated by the author, and exactly as he described it.<br/>The novel is obviously placed in the future, as the Pope is described as more liberal than the present pope, John II, and is his successor. The criticisms by present members of Opus Dei on their unofficial website qv:(Opus Dei: their unofficial homepage) quite apparently overlooked that fact in their criticism of The Ds Vinci Code. Actually, as the story unfolds, Opus Dei members involved fared quite well, and were certainly not maligned.<br/>This book has caused a firestorm of criticism, primarily from the orthodix Christian community who are outraged by the claim that Yeshua (better known by his Greek name: Jesus) and Mary of Bethany (better known as Mary Magdalene) were married, had a child, and whose bloodline is still extant today.  This is a "heresy" that the  Catholic church tried to stamp out by murdering 15,000 residents of Provence, on the Mediterranean coat of France; a crusade which the Vatican launched in 1209 and lasted a generation.  That was followed by the Inquisition, which tortured and killed thousands more for their "heresy."  These are historical facts, disputed by no one.<br/><br/>This is a crackerjack of a tale, and it is little wonder that it ranks third in sales on Amazon (out of their over two million titles).<br/>To begin with, the curator of the Louvre, in Paris, is murdered and an American, Professor Langdon--an expert in religious symbology--becomes involved, as does the curator's granddaughter, who is a cryptographer. The two of them set out to solve, not only the crime, but the mystery of the Holy Grail. I prefer not to tell more of the plot.<br/>There are many surprises and unexpected twists in the story, but underlying it all is a generous history lesson that tells much about the early history of the Christian faith, much of it relating to the Gnostic Gospels which were found in the Egyptian desert near Nag Hammadi in 1945; the Roman Emperor Constantine and his part in suppressing most of the eighty some Gospels in favor of the four which were "blessed" by his scholars at the Council of Nicaea, and where the idea of the divinity of Jesus, the immaculate conception and the resurrection were given coinage by his "scholars".<br/>The Da Vinci Code certainly has an agenda: to give the legend of Mary Magdalene a wide audience, which it does in spades--and obviously, judging by its wide readership, it has achieved its purpose handsomely and quite plausibly.<br/>Those who most strongly ctiticize The Da Vinci Code obviously do not do so because of the writing, editing, or research. All of those functions are quite acceptable if not outstanding. So, their criticism is because the story undermines their own religious faith. An understandable reaction.<br/>But, this book is an education in itself. I have done a great deal of research myself in this area, and I can tell you that I admire Dan Brown's effort immensely. He has done well to bring, even if it is in fictional form, so much information<br/>in such an assimilable form to so many people, most of whom will not have heard it before.<br/>Joseph (Joe) Pierre,<br/>author of The Road to Damascus: Our Journey Through Eternity<br/>and other books
 The Da Vinci Code<br/>By Dan Brown<br/>ISBN: 0385504209<br/>489 pages<br/>US: $24.95<br/><br/>Many of the books my father suggests to me turn out to be confusing, slow and complex.  Granted, the novels he recommends are beautifully written, they do tend to lose me somewhere in the first chapter.  For all of these reasons, I was pleasantly surprised with my father's most recent suggestion: the Da Vinci Code, by Dan Brown, a fast-paced thriller that reads like a movie.  The third paragraph of the novel reads: "The curator lay for a moment, gasping for breath, taking stock.  I am alive.  He crawled out from under the canvas and scanned the cavernous space for someplace to hide (Brown 3)," throwing the reader into the thick of action and endless page turning.  In simple vernacular, Dan Brown expertly weaves character development, mystery and action throughout the novel.<br/><br/>The young American professor and symbologist, Robert Langdon, has high hopes of a bright future ahead of him, until the French Police find the renown gatekeeper of the Louvre, Jacques Sauniere lying cold, dead, and naked on the museum floor with a pentacle carved into his stomach.  Langdon is then ordered to the Louvre by the Bezu Fache, head of the French Police at 12:32 in the morning to help shed some light on the meaning of the symbol carved into Sauniere's stomach.  However, Langdon soon learns that Fache believes him to be guilty of Sauniere's murder, and with the help of a French cryptologolist and the granddaughter of the murdered Jacques Sauniere, Sophie Neveu, he runs from the police and finds himself on a wild treasure hunt for the key to the unraveling of the Catholic Church itself.<br/><br/>While Brown keeps his readers caught up in the intensity of the plot, he also fleshes out strong character development in the heroine of the story, Sophie Neveu.  In the beginning of the story, Sophie is a hardworking, emotionally-hardened, successful careerwoman.  However, the death of her grandfather forces her to painfully look back on her past and all of the secrets she had to live with and what she witnessed on that horrific afternoon that made her permanently leave her grandfather.  As the story progresses, she finds her heart and her place in a two thousand year legacy she never knew existed.<br/><br/>Furthermore, the most significant source of intrigue in this novel is the way Brown walks the fine line between fact and fiction in the life of Jesus Christ.  He adds the "what if" factor to real places and societies, leaving the readers wondering where Brown's imagination takes over.  The Da Vinci Code has sparked new perspectives and caused skeptics to question the integrity of the biblical narrative.<br/><br/>Though I believe teens and young adults would get the most out of this book I would recommend it to all, due to the intrigue Dan Brown creates, through the twisting plot, the strong character development and the religious tension.
 I did not read this book when it first came out. I listened and read all of the hype about it for a couple of years. Finally earlier this year I did read the book. I mostly just wanted to find out what all the fuss was about. When I started to read this book I quickly realized that it would be a difficult book to put down. Within the first couple of pages there is a murder and the reader knows who the murderer is. The police start their investigation and call in a specialist - Robert Langdon - to help them. Before Langdon gets done with his initial look at the crime scene, he is clued into the fact that not all is as it seems. That is when the chase begins. One clue leads to another and a another and so on. Langdon not only has a "Code" to solve but he must do it while staying ahead of the police and the "Albino" who committed the murder. There are lots of twists and turns in this story and the action never stops. As for the religious ideas it brings up - well - that is for everyone to decide for themselves whether they believe it or not. I just know that I could not put the book down and I read it in less than a week.
  <br/>Avant tout, je voudrais dire que j'éprouve la plus grande affinité pour le message philosophique et spirituel que présente par l'auteur de ce livre. Mais j'aurais souhaité qu'un romancier au talent avéré (du calibre de l'Américain Tom Robbins, par exemple) ait put mettre la main sur ce sujet, pour le rehausser d'une dose d'érudition plus solide que celle dont Dan Brown fait preuve. Hélas, Da Vinci Code me laisse l'impression que les Bob Morane que je lisais quand j'avais une dizaine d'années (c'était dans les années cinquante) appartiennent aux grands chefs d'œuvres de la littérature mondiale, tant il semblent bien construits en comparaison.<br/>Ce n'est pas que le débit d'absurdités et d'illogismes dont la trame du roman est parsemée, qui m'autorise à poser la question de savoir si l'auteur s'est préoccupé de relire son manuscrit avant de l'envoyer à l'impression. En fait, ce qui m'a gêné bien plus profondément, ce sont les incohérences proférées par quelqu'un qui, à la rigueur, aurait passé quelques semaines en Europe, mais - probablement conscient du fait que son public états-unien ne remarquerait jamais la différence - ne s'est guère soucié de procéder à une étude sérieuse du cadre où se déroule l'action de son roman (de fait, The Da Vinci Code semble avoir battu tous les records de vente).<br/>Quelques exemples pour démontrer que, de nos jours, le ridicule a cessé de tuer le tirage : selon Dan Brown, les informations fournies par les clients des hôtels d'Europe dans les fiches remplies à la réception sont immédiatement disponibles à l'Interpol (un rêve pour certains, suivez mon regard, mais quand même...). Un homme se fait arrêter dans un port quelconque de la France méditerranéenne, mais il est incarcéré... en Andorre ! D'où il s'enfuit en sautant sur un train de marchandises (lequel, nous faut-il supposer, a été aiguillé par erreur sur les lignes de téléski?). Dans l'original en anglais, un officier de la police judiciaire parisienne s'exclame "Jesu!"  sic - en portuguais dans le texte],  - peut-être a-t-il vu trop de films américains? - tandis que la police du comté du Kent, en Angleterre, s'empresse, à quatre heures du matin, d'obéir aux ordres lancés depuis son cellulaire en France par le "Capitaine"  re-sic] de la police judiciaire française, lequel répond au nom plutôt insolite de Bezu Fache. En passant, nous apprenons que Godefroi de Bouillon est un roi français, et que certaines banques suisses opèrent sur le territoire français selon les normes de discrétion en vigueur en Suisse. Pour compléter, la bonne Sophie, une jeune femme que toutes les apparences présentent comme intelligente, énergique et plein d'allant, mais qui n'avait néanmoins jamais découvert que le "château" de son grand-père était muni d'une cave, est, la pauvre, affligée d'une névrose tellement avancée (l'auteur ne nous le dit pas, mais c'est bien ce qu'il nous faut inférer) qu'à l'âge de vingt-deux ans, elle coupe tous les ponts avec ce même grand-père pour l'avoir surpris en plein acte sexuel.<br/>Et j'en passe... D'autres lecteurs, en Angleterre, ont ramassé quelques perles du même acabit. Comme on dirait là d'où vient Dan Brown : "Please give me a break..." ou, en français, "Je t'en prie, arrête de charrier...".<br/>Le résultat fait peine à lire. Confrontés à de telles faiblesses, on en vient à se demander si l'abondance d'érudition dont le livre fait preuve doit être pris à la lettre, en dépit du fait qu'il ait une tendance prononcée à ressembler à un collage de données puisées ci et là dans le monde de l'ésotérisme. Ces sujets ne me sont pas très familiers, mais j'ai constaté que d'autres lecteurs, tant en Grande-Bretagne qu'aux États-Unis, ont mis en cause la validité des recherches historiques effectuées par Dan Brown. Et, bien entendu, ce n'est pas aux fanatiques qui se sont élevés contre sa dénonciation de la Chrétienté que je me réfère ici.<br/>Summa summarum, il est plutôt dommage qu'un message aussi digne d'éloges que celui qui constitue le substrat de cet ouvrage soit maltraîté de manière si brutale qu'il risque d'échapper à l'attention de ceux qui, comme moi, sont un tantinet exigeants en matière de rigueur intellectuelle. En ce qui me concerne, je n'ai aucune intention de lire la suite de Da Vinci Code qui nous semble promise. Quant aux ouvrages précédents de Dan Brown, n'en parlons pas.<br/> 
 It could have been a good read, this _Da Vinci Code_.  The elements are all there - a fast pace, tons of action, an interesting (if somewhat ludicrous) plot, understated romance.  But it wasn't.  Why?<br/><br/>For me, it was the factual errors that killed the piece.  The greatest strength of the book is its snapping pace, but that strength is negated when gratuitious errors - the kind that could be avoided by spending thirty seconds on Google - ruin the suspension of disbelief.  For example, the villain - a deliciously, cheesily evil albino monk (!), is supposed to be part of Opus Dei...except, as any Catholic (or Catholic-basher!) knows, Opus Dei isn't a monastic order - it's made up of mostly laypeople, with a handful of secular priests.  I guess the Benedictines just aren't creepy enough for Brown?  Anyway, the book is just chock-full of similar lazy mistakes - wrong dates, mistaken names, inaccurate linguistic references.  Lazy, lazy fact-checking.<br/><br/>Another sticking point of the book for me was the portrayal of women.  For a novel that supposedly defends the "sacred feminine," the female lead, Sophie, sure is a ditz.  Some cryptographer she is - for example, at one point she utterly fails to recognize and interpret mirror writing.  Mirror writing!  While they're researching DA VINCI!  Dur.<br/><br/>The third sticking point may be a plus or a minus, depending on what you find entertaining - the fromage factor, the pure cheese of it all.  For starters, Our Hero is a "professor of Symbology."  At Harvard.  Hee.  And the dialoge is often highly silly - one scene in particular, where Our Hero's students - at Harvard! - get all excited about the Fibonacci Sequence, as though they hadn't heard about it in the eighth grade, stands out as a real gem of goofiness.  And seriously - an evil albino monk?<br/><br/>I recommend this book, sure.  As an airplane read.  If you're a person who flies drunk and hopped up on motion sickness pills.  But even then, please check it out from the library instead of buying it - writing and editing this lazy shouldn't be rewarded financially.
 Some books have to be read because they are canon, and there are others which must be engaged for the simple, solitary reason that one will be pestered to death by their friends, family members and a multitude of outright strangers until they have done so. The Da Vinci Code, a cheap, popular, and ultimately predictable thriller, is, of course, one of the most famous contemporary examples of the latter group. While it may be utterly expendable, it is, at the same time, more enjoyable than I would like to admit when taken at face value.
 I read a lot - and this is by far the most interesting book I've read in years.  The action is paced well, the historical information is accurate and the plot stand up well.  There is so much going on and you're thinking about everything that for once the ending really was a surprise.<br/>  From a pure literary sense, this book falls down.  The dialogue is clumsy at times and the writing seems forced.  Give it 3/5 as a literary book and record it as the only flaw.  That probably keeps it from being a perfect 5/5 for me overall.<br/>  There are people who won't like the subject matter.  I will warn you that it deals with religion and lightly questions a lot of what you "know" is true.  Apparently the author believes a good deal of what he writes, but even a crackpot can tell an entertaining story.  I don't think this book is going to be creating the religious firestorm that other reviews have hacked it for.
 I realize that it is extremely difficult to look past everything that has been written and discussed about this film (lawsuits, documentaries, tv shows, etc...), but it cannot be denied that this book is gripping and entertaining.  I certainly did not go into this book a "virgin" (no pun intended) of what the subject matter is, nor the general plot.  With that, I was still surprised by how captivated I was.  This is a testament (again, not meant as a pun) to the writing of Dan Brown.  I would also highly recommend purchasing this book in the Special Illustrated Edition.  The pictures really hit home the setting and enhance the experience.  Enjoy..........
 The Da Vinci Code is a mystery/suspense/thriller that seems to have been deemed "intellectual."  While it is the former, it is not the latter and it ultimately fails to be much more than an intriguing idea.  Still, like most books of this genre, it is an entertaining, easy to read page turner.<br/>This is the story of Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor, and Sophie Neveu, agent of the French version of the FBI, as they seek to explain the murder of Neveu's grandfather and discover the secrets that he protected.  The mystery revolves around the history of Christianity, secret organizations and complex riddles.<br/>Although the idea behind the story is fascinating, there is not much to the book other than watching the characters gradually solve the mystery by solving a series of riddles.  While the riddles they solve are interesting, it quickly begins to feel like you are watching some one do a crossword puzzle - you, the reader, are stumped by the clues, impressed by the solutions, but eventually bored as the characters fret over finding the answer before shouting, "I've got it!" over and over again.<br/>There are other faults too.  The protagonists are pursued throughout by police and enemies, but the police are more like Keystone Kops and the enemies too vague in purpose to be necessary.  In fact without either there really is no conflict in the plot at all and it really is just two people trying to solve a riddle.<br/>The strength of the book is the underlying premise - that there is more to the story of the history of Christianity than we know.  However, even in this there are problems: once the subject of the mystery is revealed, the rest of the book no longer matters.  Also, Brown mixes actual history with his own fiction. By not telling us where the dividing line is, we are robbed of learning any new, interesting historical theories.  Certainly, much of intriguing history described is true, but which parts?  Without knowing you have to dismiss most of it as fiction.<br/>If you are interested in this genre, there are better books: Up Country, by Nelson DeMille, is a very good mystery being solved by a man and a woman thrown together in a foreign country, or some of David Morrell's books (Brotherhood of the Rose or Fraternity of the Stone) for religious thrillers.  If you do decide to read this, borrow it or wait for paperback.
 The attacker aimed his gun again. "When you are gone, I will be the only one who knows the truth."  The truth.  In an instant, the curator grasped the true horror of the situation.  If I die, the truth will be lost forever.  Instinctively, he tried to scramble for cover.  The gun roared, and the curator felt a searing heat as the bullet lodged in his stomach.  He fell forward... struggling against the pain.  Slowly, Sauniere rolled over and stared back through the bars at his attacker."<br/> The Da Vinci Code is filled with passages such as the one above, all filled with action, suspense, and mystery.  The author, Dan Brown, has masterfully created a story intertwined with codes, riddles, encryptions, and enigmas.  He accomplishes this through his amazing ability to put the reader, into the story, with dazzling descriptions of Paris, many multi-dimensional characters, and a spectacularly intricate plot... Dan Brown has spared no detail.<br/> In The Da Vinci Code, the Grand Master of the Priory of Sion, an ancient society sworn to protect the secrets of the Holy Grail, is murdered.  In one last attempt to prevent the secrets from falling into the wrong hands, he leaves countless, elaborate clues for two strangers to decipher.  The first, his granddaughter, a cryptologist for the Direction Centrale Police Judiciaire, and the other, Robert Langdon, Professor of Religious Symbology at Harvard University, are left with the daunting task of protecting the ancient secret.  The trouble is, they don't know what it is they're risking their lives to protect.<br/> Dan Brown has done an astounding job of bringing Paris, France to life in the setting for this novel.<br/>"Outside, the city was just now winding down-Street vendors wheeling carts of candied amandes, waiters carrying bags of garbage to the curb, a pair of late night lovers cuddling to stay warm in a breeze scented with jasmine blossom.  The Citroen ZX navigated the chaos with authority, its dissonant two-tone siren parting the traffic like a knife."...<br/> The characterization in this novel is extremely well planned.  Numerous characters are seeking the secret that was guarded by the Priory for so long, and they must overcome many obstacles.  Sophie and Robert, with the police hot on their trail, rely on the clues left by Sophie's "grand-pere" to make their way closer and closer to the grail.  Others, such as members of the organization known as Opus Dei, are also after the Grail and have proved that they will kill to get it.<br/> Throughout The Da Vinci Code there are many things happening simultaneously.  This is an extremely fast-paced novel with twists and turns at every flip of a page.  With the French Police nipping at their heels, Robert and Sophie must wade through endless encryptions and riddles that seem to beg for answers; all the while, trying to outrun others that have proved they will stop at nothing to take what it is the two possess.<br/> One drawback to this novel is the frequent use of French.  At times, it proves to be very difficult and distracting having to  "weed-through" the scores of foreign words...<br/>"Bonjour, vous etes bien chez Sophie Neveau," the woman's voice said. "Je suis absente pour le moment, mais."...<br/> "Capitaine, un agent du Department de Cryptographie est arrive."<br/>Sentences, like the ones above are scattered throughout the text and could possibly pose as an obstacle for the reader.<br/> Overall, The Da Vinci Code proves to be a very exciting and entertaining novel. Beginning with the very first page, this book will seize the imagination and never let go.  The Da Vinci Code is a remarkable piece of fiction that should not be passed by.
 While fundamentalists will find this book heresy, the rest of us who understand that history is written and re-written by those in power and seeking power will simply enjoy this book as a book. So, as a book, I must say it kept me reading until the wee hours of the night. It's not super complex and epic like "The Eight," which is why I only gave it 4 stars, even though enjoyment wise it is definitely a 5, indeed, the action takes place over about two days total. It's a rollercoaster ride of action and intrigue that manages to impart tons of scholarly concepts and data in an interesting way at the same time.<br/>The basic plot starts with a murder in The Louvre with a message given to a historian and cryptographer about a secret held in safe keeping for centuries. Because they're named by the dead man, the two main characters soon become fugitives on the run from the law as they go on a grail quest.<br/>I really enjoyed the scavanger hunt aspect of the story, with the symbology historian character teaming up with a great female character who studied cryptology. As a team, they're as good or better than Mulder and Scully.<br/>The bad guys are interesting, the facts are painstakingly researched, the author even gives a balanced view of the Catholic Church, which is finally trying to update its views and practices to remain relevant in the new milleneum.<br/>While this is a great summer or airline trip read, it's not ultimately very fulfilling even though the concepts are enlightening. You forget most of it except for the fun facts such as why the Mona Lisa is smiling, as soon as you're done reading. Consequently, I wouldn't recommend that you pay the full hardback price. I'd advise you to wait until paperback or buy it used. Then, take it out to the pool and beware of getting a sunburn!
 I had eagerly awaited the chance to read this book because of all the rave reviews I had heard about it. Unfortunately, the reality did not live up to the hype. While expecting a mystery thriller, what I got was mostly historical fiction.<br/>While the author seems to have done a lot of research into the history of the grail and secret societies, the mystery was poorly plotted and seemed to drag where it should be speeding along. Hot thriller? I'd say lukewarm at best. The first 150 pages were hard to get through, but I persevered. The story did pick up a little bit after that, but was so trite and predictable that I had it all figured out by page 200.<br/>What seems to fascinate everyone that reads the book is the "history" given- and some people actually seem to believe the premise given in the book to be real. (See other reviews.) However, this is a work of FICTION. There is just enough truth mixed in with the fiction to perhaps fool the masses, but any true Bible scholar knows better.
 There is some disagreement among the reviewers on these pages about the accuracy of the facts that underpin The DaVinci Code. Some bemoan what they say are errors in the book and attempt to set the record straight; others remind the reader that this is a work of fiction and say "chill, enjoy." The latter group would point as evidence of their position to the standard disclaimer on the copyright page that states that "all of the characters and events in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental." So, in other words, it's all just make-believe.<br/>But wait, say the critics who take Mr. Brown to task for his alleged inaccuracies, on page 1 of the book (it's unnumbered) there is a full page note from the author entitled "Fact:" that states "All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals in this novel are accurate."<br/>So, it seems, the critics are correct and they have every right to alert readers to what they believe are errors in accuracy in the book.<br/>Which leaves me, a not as well-read reader as I would like, wholly confused.<br/>Item: Brown states that the divinity of Christ was made fact by the Council of Nicea by a simple vote. I didn't know this and was taken aback. Then along comes a reviewer on these pages who says it wasn't the "fact" of Christ's divinity that was approved by a vote at the Council but instead the decision to include that fact in the Nicene Creed. Who's right?<br/>Item: Brown states that the "apostle" to the right of Jesus in Da Vinci's "The Last Supper" is in fact Mary Magdalene. I stopped reading when I was told this fact and checked an art book and, well, the flowing locks and the fine features sure look feminine. Then along comes a reviewer on these pages who says that this is utter bunk and that there exist sketches by Da Vinci labeling each of the apostles in the painting and Mary Magdalene is listed nowhere. Who's right?<br/>If these "facts" are called seriously into question, then Brown's edifice starts to look very unstable. What about the alleged arbitrary selection of the books of the Bible designed to tell a certain tale? What about the alleged 80+ other Gospels dismissed out of hand? What about the alleged marriage of Jesus to Magdalene? What's accurate and what's not?<br/>If Brown hadn't included a bold assertion of fact in his work of fiction (and had this promulgated by a well-oiled publicity machine) I wouldn't be sitting here at my computer at 6:22 am discussing it. But I am, because he did. A fact is a fact. Except, that is, when it's a fiction.
 The Da Vinci Code is much better than his first book, Digital Fortress. Dan Brown's knowledge of hand guns is abysmal, to the point that it distracts from a good story. His editor should know that by now. I subtracted one star because of poor technical editing. Having said that, I am looking forward to reading more of his books.
 I feel like the kid in "The Emperor's New Clothes." Remember that tale? An unscrupulous tailor cons a ruler into buying invisible clothes. Everyone's standing around cooing about how great the king looks in his stylish suit.  Finally, a child cries out that His Highness is, in fact, naked.<br/>In this case, the con artist is Dan Brown. The product he's peddling isn't invisible, it's just bad.<br/>The story begins in a deserted museum, where an elderly curator is being stalked by a huge (are you ready for this?) albino. That's right, like in the movie with Chevy Chase and Goldie Hawn. But he isn't your ordinary evil albino. This one also has a mysterious accent! The rest of the chapter reads like that novel Snoopy keeps trying to write, "It was a dark and stormy night... ."<br/>The dialogue is painful. The bad guys say things like, "So, my pupil, tell me what I must know," and "When we possess the keystone, we will be only one step away."<br/>To paraphrase those guys on Mystery Science Theatre 3000, this is a book that has EVERYTHING -- completely wrong. Plot, character, art, history. If "The Da Vinci Code" were a movie (and Ron Howard has threatened to make it one) it would be a perfect target for Mike Nelson and his robot friends.<br/>Weirdly, some major media outlets have lauded the author for the depth of his research. Taste is subjective, but facts aren't. Because of the endorsements Brown has received, a lot of readers will trust the book when it says things like, "Jehovah" comes from a root word that harkens back to goddess worship. Actually, Jehovah is a mistranslation of an ancient Hebrew word that scholars today render as Yahweh, which means "I am that I am." Anyone who took a freshman course on Old Testament literature knows that.<br/>But Brown relentlessly mangles such facts in an effort to show that Jews and Christians are stupid, and that the Catholic leadership conspired to suppress the "sacred feminine." He goes on to declare that church doorways and halls are really secret architectural symbols of vaginas. Have you ever been trapped in a conversation with someone who turns everything into a phallus symbol? When you're in Brown's spiritual universe, you can't take a step without bumping your head on various parts of the female genitalia.<br/>If you want to read this book, don't waste your money. With 5 million copies out there, it should be easy to borrow one.
 As the curator for Magdalene.org, I don't often read much good fiction that mentions Mary Magdalene.  "The Da Vinci Code," however, was a smashing good read as far as the most recent Jesus/Mary Magdalene legend goes.  I don't want to spoil it (any more than has already been done in other reviews here), but if you've read "Holy Blood, Holy Grail," (HBHG) you know which legend I'm referring to.<br/>The vital difference I'd like to point out, however, is that Dan Brown has incorporated the most recent additions to this legend since HBHG was published.  Most notably, the work of Margaret Starbird, author of "The Woman With The Alabaster Jar," "The Goddess In The Gospels," and recently, "Magdalene's Lost Legacy."  Two of these books are even referenced by Brown in the text.  So if you finish "The Da Vinci Code" and are hungry for more reading on this legend, you will probably want to start with Starbird.<br/>As far as the novel itself goes, it isn't terribly challenging, but it IS entertaining. As someone who doesn't often read novels, I was happy I read this one.
 The Da Vinci Code is a wonderfully written thriller that seeks to excite the senses of its reader. The story weaving is both flowing and interesting at the same time. In this book, Brown also managed to combine important details within a fast moving, action packed book.<br/>Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor, receives a telephone call late at night while on business in Paris. It is revealed that the curator of the Louvre, Jacques Sauniere, has been murdered in a brutal fashion. This single incident ignites an electrifying chain of events - and Robert finds himself in the middle of all of it. Together with a French cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, he sets out on a trail of discovery and back into the very roots of history.<br/>Fact or fiction? Readers need to discern for themselves the actual facts within this book. Fact and fiction are so cleverly blended together by the author as he creates scenarios that will take his readers for a ride throughout the streets of France and London. I had to check up on various things in the book to make sure they were true - and many of them were.<br/>I personally found the book very interesting, with all its riddles, works of art (by Da Vinci) and edge of the seat plot. However, some parts of the story are too far fetched to be true to real-life scenarios. For example, it seems far too incredible that Langdon and Sophie manage to escape the vices of the French police at every turn - with all their sophisticated technologies and such. But of course, I tend to ignore that flaw because a part of it is a work of fiction. Secondly, the author tends to repeat the same idea over and over again. Readers are given doses of the importance of the "Sacred Feminine" every few chapters and it gets worse towards the end. Is the need to enforce the "Sacred Feminine" so important that it needs to be spoon fed? I think not. Also, the connections made with the feminine `chalice' and various existent icons become more vague and incoherent towards the end of this book. Thirdly, Brown makes some claims that cannot be regarded as real evidence. After all Leonardo Da Vinci was a member of the Priory of Sion, and what he believed had happened two thousand years ago cannot be regarded as historic fact yet.<br/>All in all, this book is still a great read. The factual references are great - I have to say I've learnt quite a bit about iconology in history and the links that it has with today. It's a book not to be taken too seriously, but purely as a fantastic thriller not to be missed.
 I had no idea what I was getting into when I started reading this book.  It is a rivettting book that will teach you secrets and stories that may make you question how you actually view your own beliefs on religion and art.  Beyond that its a great thriller that keeps you interested and questioning who was really behind the murder and all this intrigue.  I have read Angels and Demons since reading the Da Vinci Code and I have to say DVC is better, Angels and Demons was good but I could see that the Robert Langdon story is somewhat formulaic.  But I liked the formula better in DVC and the little tidbits of info was cooler.<br/>I should warn that some people may be offended by some of the theories that are brought up by the characters, specifically questions about the Christian religion.  My only statement to the theories is that there is nothing wrong with hearing another viewpoint its what you decide to do with it.  I don't believe this book is anti-religion or even Christian, it is just bringing up questions that if people want to look further into them go ahead, and if you don't then just read it for story because it is well written and exciting.  Plus there is a lot of cool decoding stuff.
 The ideas posed by The Da Vinci Code are new to me, but as I research now I see they have been around for some time.  Dan Brown does a good job bringing these ideas into the mainstream and gives us all a little more to ponder when it comes to religion and just what we believe.<br/>The plot, however, motivated me to look elsewhere for a better thriller.  Elmore Leonard and James Patterson have taken care of the for me.  The beginning of the book starts out very cliche with the phone ringing and waking up the main charachter.  Maybe if it started with Langdon tracing the medallions on his way to the Louvre to meet with Sauniere not knowing he had been killed already.  But it wasn't until he got to the Louvre is when I considered the story to actually begin.  Some people may think that the story takes a break-neck pace or a non-stop plunge into the grail quest it is, but I thought the story just drug whenever any of the characters would recall something in the past.  I realize that the reminiscing was essential to the different plot threads, but maybe he could have done it in a more of an explanation method instead of the "I remember when..." method.<br/>The characters are another bright spot of the book.  Langdon and Sopie stand out to most, but it was Teabing the caught my attention the most.  Brown did a great job capturing the British feel for him and some of his lines still run around in my head, including the draw bridge troll feeling I got when Langdon and Sofie first came to see him at his home.  The only character actions I didn't like was the relationship between Langdon and Sophie at the end.  It seems like most writers fall into that two people involved in a stressful and close situation often fall in love.  Why can't the two just stay friends?<br/>Overall The Da Vinci Code was an enjoyable book and I would recommend it to others, but if you want a more satisfying thriller, look to Leonard or Patterson.
 Dan Brown, a writer of many great thrillers has recently published The DaVinci Code.  At first, when I saw The DaVinci Code and read its summary, I thought I would be ready for it because after all, Angels and Demons, which is another book by Dan Brown, is extremely gruesome.  However, even reading Angels and Demons did not prepare myself for this.  Although The DaVinci Code is not as gory as Angels and Demons, the psychological views it gives on Christianity is still rather shocking.<br/> In The DaVinci Code, there were many things that I learned about which I had never heard before.  For example, Dan Brown talks about the Priory of Sion and Opus Dei, which are real ancient societies with different, but strong beliefs.  Reading The DaVinci Code has taught me more about history and ancient ¡§gangs¡¨.  Not only is it an extremely intriguing book, it is also a great learning experience.  The DaVinci Code is also a great book on the debate in Christianity.  The ¡§evidence¡¨ that Dan Brown says against Christianity is so strong that at times, I found myself believing what Dan Brown was saying.  In addition, Brown also brings a new light to the rarely discussed side of Christianity, which is rather interesting because as a reader, we can read about Brown¡¦s opinions on Christianity.  However, for devout Christians, The DaVinci Code may be a bit derogative to the Christian religion.  As a result, even though this book by Brown is enlightening, it may not be appropriate for everyone to read.<br/> Out of all the latest books I¡¦ve read, I must admit that Dan Brown¡¦s The DaVinci Code is the most interesting and illuminating book.  Not only does its reader learn about history of the world and of Christianity, it is also a fascinating suspense novel which keeps its readers on the tips of their toes all the way throughout the book.  In conclusion, I believe that Brown¡¦s The DaVinci Code is without a doubt a book worth reading and not only does its readers gain knowledge through the book, they also gain new insight on different beliefs.
 The DA VINCI CODE is as layered as an onion. The imagination that author Dan Brown has revealed through his decision to write this story is beyond ordinary comprehension. The plot he has constructed, revolving around millenia old secrets, combined with the quantity of detail he provides and the depth of his research, is "awesome" in the most literal sense of the word--and "awesome" is exactly the appropriate word to describe this novel. The plot is as layered as an onion, the clues he offers are elusive and tantalizing and, ultimately, all but impenetrable.<br/>This is one of the best books (if not the best book) I've ever read. Appropriately, there are many who would remind me that it's the second best book, after the Bible. Well, THE DA VINCI CODE is, in many ways, a further exploration of the Bible.<br/>A warning: Don't start this book unless you have the time readily available to finish it. Once you get into the story, you will not be able to put the book down until you read the last page!
 As a simple mystery it is nice for a sunday read but I was able to figure out ALL the clues WAY before the characters - and I'm NOT in Mensa. As a couple of supposedly intelligent people with their lives at risk the main characters made a boatload (think Titanic)of blunders.<br/>Much of the 'factual' information is blended with a large portion of theoretical and not well grounded research. The Gospel of Magdalen has been around for quite a while - not news to me. If this book is about feminine power why are there No strong independent female characters? The female lead couldn't get herself out of a paper bag without a clue from 'ole grampa. The Goddess org. is led, dictated by, and set up by males - like little boys with secret codes, keys, passwords to the treehouse type stuff - what truly defining and powerful parts do females actually have here? There is no balance of power between Female/Male here. It plays on the fears of feminine/goddess thinkers and anti Catholic sentiment. For book sales it thus belittles what is an important and I believe historic movement in human thought.
 Brown is a competent writer - and he has some cursory knowledge of the history of icons &amp; symbols. But if ever there were proof that "a little knowledge is a dangerous thing" then this is it. Similarity in symbols doesn't prove conspiracy. Some of the leaps to make connections are quite ludicrous. And the author's smug denunciation of Christianity is quite grating at times. The howlers about the Council of Nicea, the Crusades, &amp; the gnostic gospels have been noted in other reviews. One particularly egregious mistake is the repetition of the charge that DaVinci was a homosexual. This is the sort of innuendo that the modern age loves - though there is almost no evidence for it outside of some nasty comments by Leonardo's enemies. Leonardo would be incensed by the charge (though perhaps amused by the charge that he was Grand Prior). The facts of Leonardo's career are fascinating without having to invent a second, secret career for him.<br/>The charge that Christianity has suppressed the "divine feminine" because Christians are hung up about sex would be laughably funny if it were not so ludicrous. Symbology professors should be required to read up on the marriage of Martin &amp; Katy Luther before piously assuming that only modern liberal members of the literati have really understood sex.<br/>The other reviewers are correct in referring readers to Umberto Ecco for a better job at this genre. The Name of the Rose is well worth the read! (and the history is actually good - not concocted!&lt;BR...
 Dan Brown knows all the tricks. He is not a particularly good writer, he's just a very smart guy. This book is like a smoothie of some of the most misterious themes in our society, and as such it works. It really gets your attention, has rhythm and is intense, and for that I have to confess it deserves the hype. But don't try to go further in his "literature". And the movie sucks big time.
 If you'd like to sell something, use controversy. This is not a great book, but Brown presses all the sensitive areas to get that Catholic angst going. Then add in some sex (don't think it, I know where you're going) and boom, Dan Brown is 400 Million dollars richer. But wait, there's more. There's the:<br/><br/>-Da Vinci Code Movie<br/><br/>-The Illustrated Paperback Version<br/><br/>-Da Vinci Code Action Figures<br/><br/>-Da Vinci Broadway Version<br/><br/>-The Da Vinci Code Civil War Chess Set<br/><br/>-The Da Vinci Code II where we learn that the Pope is actually Hitler's nephew, and that Jesus had a meth lab in the manger<br/><br/>-and of course, The Da Vinci Code All Hamster Parade<br/><br/>C'mon now, it's just a book. Like Memoirs of a Geisha, Brown hit the jackpot with his imagination, not his reality. That's why he gets 4 stars. I've read two 5 star books in the the last year. Both came out in 2005. One is mentioned by the Book Woman from Georgia, and she's right on the money, no pun.<br/><br/>The books are:<br/><br/>The Power of Intention, by Dr. Wayne Dyer<br/><br/>and<br/><br/>FINE DINING MADNESS, by John Galloway<br/><br/>Both books are Nonfiction, and about life, and life changers. And both are exceptionally well-written.
 This proves again that insulting and falsifying Christianity is big business, and that asnti-Christianity is one form of politically-acceptable bigotry. Funny, no-one writes books insulting Islam for some reason.<br/>Christianity doesn't need me to defend it, but I'm offended that this book is being passed off as some sort of insight into history and theology when it is neither. It is garbage for the gulliable, or more precisely, for the half-educated and those who passed through school and university after history and theology ceased being taught there.<br/>To quote another reviewer: "Same old lies. Hardly any of this background is original. Most of it is derived from the fantasy-disguised-as-history work 'Holy blood, Holy Grail,' and the rest is cobbled from other bits of well-worn and risible muggests of esoteric and Gnostic conspiracy theories."<br/>The Catholic Church is shown as brutal, repressive and murderous. I am not a Catholic, so I have no particular reason to take offense, except that all this untruth should be offensive to anyone, and I feel angry on behalf of the many good Catholics I know. Its attitude to Catholicism and Christianity is simply vicious bigotry.<br/>Among the ludicrous historical errors presented as part of the factual back-ground are the alleged facts that the Divinity of Christ was invented by the Roman Emperor Constantine, and voted on at the Council of Nicea.<br/>There is a claim the Church killed five million accused witches during the medieval period. This is also utterly, ludicrously false.<br/>This is a frankly degenerate work - it is not even well-written as a suspense thriller - aiming to exploit the gulliability of the modern half-educated and its success is a depressing comment on the state of our civilization.
 This was a page turner. It was fast moving and filled with interesting facts (whether they are true facts/fiction) I really didn't know so I was able to suspend my disbelief and just enjoy. I had trouble with many things though. First off the entire story takes place almost entirely in one extremely long night. With all that happened in that night it really took me out of the story trying to accept that all that happened happened in one night. I kept waiting for the sun to come out. Albeit the events probably were more effective in a night sequence, but it was pretty unbelievable. Additionally the extremely long winded conversations between Sophie and Robert Langdon were also amazingly unrealistic considering they were on the run. Same thing when they were at Teablings house. They sat and talked like they were at a dinner party. I never felt any sense of urgency in their discussions of religion, symbols, cryptography.....Aside from that I was really hooked on the build up of this story, but in the very end I was let down. I waited for the big climax, whether they got to the grail or not, I did not feel the finish was worthy of the set up. On a whole I enjoyed this book. whether it is historically accurate or not I don't frankly care. This IS a work of fiction.
 This is the worst drivel I have ever read. The author seems to know nothing about European geography or politics. His plot is ripped off from the delusions of someone else. Every time he throws in some little fact or snippet, it is wrong. Guaranteed wrong! He repeats urban legends without so much as a google search to verify their veracity, and tries to sell the grand plot as though there might be some truth in it!<br/><br/>The author clearly sees himself in the role of the protaganist. He wants to think of himself as an academic, and his book as some kind of thesis. But the truth is that with the lack of critical thinking presented to us in this novel, Brown would not find himself so much as portering job in any respectable academic institution.<br/><br/>Controversy sells. I read this book because someone said "with all the fuss about it there must be something in it". This book demonstrates ably the fallacy of that way of thinking. Despite all the fuss about this book, it really has no merit whatsoever. Possibly the worst book I ever read.
 What some people miss is that this book is not trying to convince anyone of anything, it is simply a novel. It begins with murder inside the Louvre Museum in France. It turns out that Robert Langdon was supposed to have met earlier with Jacque Sauniere, the murdered man who was the curator of the museum. So Robert becomes the number one suspect. Enter the murdered man's grand daughter who warns Robert and the two of them escape and go on an info-hunt to find out what happened and why. I'll stop here so as not to spoil the story for anyone interested in reading it, but I will say that this is one of the few books that I liked so well that I went to see the movie and then also bought the dvd. It was spell binding and I didn't want to put it down, I couldn't wait to find out what happened next.The only thing that I didn't care as much about was the ending,but the ending in the movie was better. With all that said, this is not really a who done it book, because you find that out at the start, it's more like how on Earth is Robert Langdon going to get out of this now?! Lots of twists and turns, this one,i'm keeping .
 This is a great book! It kept me guessing and I didn't want to put it down. This is a book that definitely makes you think while you read.  I have seen the movie, which is great too, but I do prefer the book over the movie.
 ...that begin with the words: "As a Christian..." (puff, puff)<br/>Soooo, as a Christian, I loved this book. I wasn't offended, incensed, outraged, aghast or otherwise in need of a 7-day cleansing ritual in a far-off dusty place. Ok, somebody pass me the holy water, I may need to sprinkle my keyboard now.<br/>Seriously, it gave me an entire banquet of food for thought, and I do feel the need to delve deeper into some of the areas that gave me pause. As a former flaming atheist, that part of me reveled in some aspects of the book. But the whole of me who now claims my stake at the table of the family of God sees plenty of good in the questions.<br/>Do I take Brown to be a pop-theologian who has now turned Christianity as we know it/knew it on its head? Hardly. Really, his ideas are nothing new under the sun...they have merely found a vehicle for mass marketing in a not so spectacularly well-written, but highly compelling book. (I'm no genius, but I figured out all of the cryptograms with just the first clues.) It was fun and fast-paced read.<br/>If anything, I think many Christians suffer from microgodism...if God is so small that this book is a threat, the faith really is doomed.
 I received this book as a gift, and plowed through it in one week.  Maybe I'm wrong in thinking this, but I think a good book should take a little longer.  It certainly shouldn't take me only a week to read and STILL feel like a chore.  This book should have the subtitle "Alternate History for Dummies".  It presents a sketchy take on history as fact, and it does so in such a patronizing way that I was just bored.  It is poorly written and poorly plotted.  The action takes place in what should be some very interesting locales, but the author's poor writing ability make London indistinguishable from Paris, and the environments come off bland and uninteresting.  The action may as well take place in an empty warehouse.  I didn't care about the characters or their fates.  The author followed the formula of "Angels and Demons" to an appalling degree, and the result is a book that is weak in comparison (and that book wasn't great, either).  I was not in suspense, and I cannot forgive how patronizing and didactic it was.  The idea that people will use this as a place to get their history scares me.  Why don't I give it one star?  Because I didn't quite hate it.  But I don't like it, either.  Read something else.
 7/17/03<br/>The DaVinci Code<br/> In this best selling thriller, the second in a series about the renowned symbologist Robert Langdon (a modern day Indiana Jones), Brown takes us through one of history's more inflammatory legends in an action-packed ride through historical haunts of Paris and England.<br/> There are many good things about this book. First of all, Dan Brown's skill for puzzle making is great, making the reader really want to figure out the conundrums before the protagonists do. I often found myself scouring the Internet for clues to crack the case while reading along, hoping Google would give me the answer first. Secondly, there are some beautiful descriptions of European churches and other famous historical landmarks. When reading about the Louvre, I often felt I was in Paris, watching the events take place. But the most interesting thing about this book is Brown's wealth knowledge about ancient legends and the history of many secret societies. Regardless of your religious persuasion, the premises of this book are interesting, at the very least. And the amount of information about symbology and history that he imparts through character conversations is staggering. I honestly feel that I learned a lot from this book, but this is where the problem begins.<br/> I don't know what is true and what is false. Basically, the premise is that Jesus Christ was the husband of Mary Magdalene, who the Catholic church later besmirched as a whore to combat this knowledge. Supposedly, the true message of Jesus was one of sexual equality and the "sacred feminine," which was covered up by white males who liked their power too much, specifically the Catholic Church. What's more, Mary was pregnant when Christ was crucified, and His descendants are still alive in the Merovingian line, protected by the Priory of Sion.  The Knights Templar and the Priory of Sion were created to protect this knowledge from the Church, who has been seeking it's destruction. The knowledge and practices of the "sacred feminine" (basically, orgies as religion), Mary's physical body, her descendants, and the knowledge about her connection to Jesus are revealed to be the Holy Grail, which is figurative (Mary holds Christ's blood by having his baby), rather than the literal chalice which held Christ's blood. They call this line the Royal line, despite the fact that, in this book's philosophy, Jesus is neither God nor anything more than a great man. His divinity was decreed by the Council of Nicaea, and was not the original belief of any of Christ peers.  What's even more impossible to believe is that Christ's "rock," the man on who he would build his church, was supposedly Mary, but this role was usurped by a jealous Peter, who can be seen attempting to murder Mary in the Last Supper by DaVinci. There's plenty more about DaVinci's (who was a Grand Master of the Priory of Sion, along with such other notable figures as Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, and Victor Hugo) subversive works. The conclusion is unsatisfying, as Brown lets the big secret out of the bag halfway through, and I read on to find that the philosophy was all packed in the middle, while the beginning and the end were soulless plot.  Throughout the plot, both the Priory of Sion and a Catholic organization, Opus Dei, fight to discover the truth about the Grail. While Brown avoids vilifying any specific Catholics or Christians, this is little recompense for his merciless slander of the Church and the tenets upon which it rests.<br/> The second shortcoming of this book is that every character is one dimensional, with few exceptions. While they do some surprising things, and there certainly is enough plot twists to warrant the label "thriller," the characters frequently launch into summaries of history and symbology at the most peculiar times.  By the end of the book, I got the impression that the characters and the whole of the plot existed just as a podium for Dan Brown to shout his interesting views, similar to the way the Left Behind series of books exists for little purpose than propagation of a narrow set of Apocalyptic views.  It's ironic that books from such opposing worldviews share such a big similarity.<br/> In conclusion, I would not recommend this book. In particular, Christians should stay away, as it has many inflammatory themes and lots of slanderous accusations. There are many great things about this book, namely the puzzles, the locations and the history, but the bad far outweighs the good, as a whole.  This book is Left Behind for pagans seeking the sacred feminine.
 With much hoopla and praise behind it, and an intriguing concept for the plot, I picked up Brown's The Da Vinci Code with enthusiasm.  The premise is that there is an incredible secret that the Catholic Church will stop at nothing to suppress, and warring secret societies plot to possess this powerful information.  The secret has been protected and kept by such luminaries throughout history as Isaac Newton, Dan Quayle, and, yes, Leonardo Da Vinci (I'm being facetious about one of those).<br/>Promising start, but from there is all goes downhill.  The main charactors are intensely familiar from airport novels galore - the intelligent and unconventionally beautiful heroine (whose strong, clear eyes keep flashing), and the intelligent and unconventionally handsome hero (who keeps giving lopsided grins).  These cookie-cutter charactors lack real depth, and instead are given quirks with pat explanations that well-written charactors don't need.<br/>The plot jerks around, with one cliff-hanging chapter after another, with so little pay-off that it comes off as just manipulative rather than honestly suspenseful.  And here's the big disappointment: the revelations - about Church, Da Vinci, and the Holy Grail - are all completely passe.  We knew that already!  Or at least you should know all this information already if you had spent at least a little time reading about Church, art, or feminist history.  Or even if you watch the Discovery Channel on a semi-regular basis!<br/>So my advise is:  Go buy a book on Church history, art history, or Barbara G. Walker's Women's Encyclopedia of Myths and Secrets if you're interested in this kind of thing.  Unless you can't read about history without a mad albino monk villian and a heroine who walks with long, fluid strides to liven things up - in which case, fair enough, this book is for you.
 This is a very interesting, gripping and riveting novel. I'm sure that you don't want to leave it when you start to read once. I liked it very much, with just one objection. Please don't read any further if you have not read the book yet!<br/>******* Warning!.. Spoilers hereafter!.. *******<br/>Please try to remember the moment Remy drinks the cognac given him by The Teacher, or better, open the book and turn the pages up to Chapter 94 and look for the following paragraph (I have the Turkish print of the novel and the following is my own translation to English, so it surely will differ from the original. But I hope that it would give you an idea of where to look):<br/>"The Teacher stepped to the back door of the limousine and thought 'we have just one problem left here to solve. The police will have no idea of what happened... and there will be no witnesses alive to tell them the truth.' He then opened the door, looking around quickly just to be sure no one's watching, and got in the car."<br/>I, for myself, had some idea of who the Teacher might be, and had a guess up to that point. (I'm sure, that all readers did the same, and all of you smiled and said yourself "I already guessed that!" when the secret about the Teacher's identity revealed some chapters later.)<br/>But after I read the aforementioned paragraph, I thought that I was wrong with my first guess, considering that "an author may hide the truth from readers for sometime, but he/she should never try to deceive/fool/mislead them".<br/>As I said, thought that I was wrong. Because we know there is only Sir Leigh Teabing tied in the back seat, no one or nothing else there; and if the Teacher and Teabing were the same person as I guessed before, the Teacher's action of stepping to the back door and his thinking of 'just one problem left here to solve' would be purposeless and nonsense. That means the Teacher should be someone else, and he 'stepped to the back door' to finish Teabing off who was 'the last problem left'.<br/>In fact, as we would realize chapters later, Teabing *is* the Teacher, and this paragraph seemed as if it was written to mislead the readers in their guesses intentionally. Do you think that an author should have such a right ?<br/>Finally, i'd like to rephrase my point, just for the sake of emphasizing it : I was really surprised when the mystery about the Teacher was uncovered, so I returned to the Chapter 94, re-read the aforementioned paragraph, and thought like this : 'Teabing is the Teacher and he's outside the car now. That means there isn't anybody in the back seat of the car anymore. So why exactly does he step to the back door thinking 'we have just one problem left here to solve.' and<br/>get in the back of the car ? Does it make any sense to you ? What do you think the author's intention is with this paragraph ?<br/>Any thoughts ?
 I disliked Brown's previous book, Deception Point, because I know a lot about the subject matter and found many errors and over simplifications in the work. It made me angry that it received so much praise for "research."<br/>But, I was blown away by the Da Vinci Code.  Understand that I know practically nothing about the subject matter, but what I think I learned was fascinating.  So, it's a great read!  But, if his previous book is any indication, some of the "details" of the story might be a bit too glib.
 The Da Vinci Code opens with the murder of Jacques Saunier, the curator of Paris' Louvre museum.  Before he dies, Jacques leaves several clues written in his own blood.  "PS, find Robert Langdon".  The French Judicial Police believe that Jacques' final act was to identify his murderer, but in reality it was a message to his estranged granddaughter, Sophie Neveu, who Jacques always called Princess Sophie.  It is critical that Sophie learn the truth about her grandfather's murder, and about her own family before it is too late.  At her grandfather's instruction, Sophie enlists the aid of noted symbologist Robert Langdon, who is obviously the prime suspect in Jacques' murder.<br/><br/>Together, Robert and Sophie begin to unravel the mystery.  They learn that Jacques was not only a notable French citizen, but also the grand master in a very ancient secret society called the Priory of Sion.  As events unfold they learn that, for thousands of years, the Priory of Sion has been responsible for guarding the location of none other than the Holy Grail.  Oh yeah, and also the royal bloodline of Jesus Christ himself.<br/><br/>Robert and Sophie follow Jacques' clues one by one, racing against time, the French Judicial Police, and a crazed religious assassin, until at last Sophie discovers that she has a much larger role to play than she could ever have imagined.  Princess Sophie indeed!<br/><br/>Okay, everybody has heard of this one, right?  The Da Vinci Code created quite a stir a few years ago.  Dan Brown makes some pretty bold statements about Jesus and the Christian church, but I think some people forget that this is a work of fiction and nothing more.<br/><br/>The first time I listened to this audiobook, I found Brown's story intriguing and compelling.  But it seems that each subsequent listening reveals more elements that just don't make sense.  For instance, much of The Da Vinci Code revolves around Da Vinci's painting The Last Supper.  Brown asserts that because each person seated at the table is pictured with a cup of his own, there really is no true Cup of Christ.  Also because the person to Jesus' right is depicted as a woman, this means that Jesus had a wife.  The arguments are pretty thin.  This is, after all, a painting and not a photograph.  Also, it's not like Da Vinci was AT the last supper sketching it as it happened.<br/><br/>On the technical side, Dan  Brown is a decent story-teller.  The pacing of The Da Vinci Code is good; there are some good action scenes and also moments of suspense that will keep you turning pages so to speak.  If you're not the type to nit-pick over details you'll probably enjoy this audiobook.<br/><br/>As far as narrator Paul Michael goes, I find no fault.  His reading was not as inspired as some I've heard, but not as dull as others either.  He does pretty decent French accents for the French characters, although I didn't like his British accent for the character of Leigh Teabing.  Overall, not a bad job.  The Canadian born actor is an accomplished audiobook reader and multiple Earphone Award winner.
 Mrs. White did it with the candlestick in the dining room. Or did Professor Plum do it with the knife in the observatory? Sorry to start out with a "Clue" analogy but if you aren't prepared for a serious brain twister, you had better choose another book to read.<br/>This was my first Dan Brown book.  On one hand, I can tell you that it will not be the last time I read one of his books.  On the other hand, I can also tell you that, while I hung onto every page, the book left me a little empty.<br/>The Good:  Dan Brown had me captivated from the very first few pages and the book turned out to be a real page turner.  Brown's story challenges the very foundation of Christianity in a very unabashed fashion, spinning a complex yarn that, to me, seemed plausible.  Brown bravely stays true to his storyline knowing that many Christians and certainly most Catholics will throw the book down in disgust less than a third of the way through on general principle.<br/>The book really, really makes you think.  Several times, I paused long enough to access the internet and look up a print of a Da Vinci painting to see exactly what Brown refered to.  The storyline was incredibly interesting and stimulating.<br/>The bad:  I would have liked to have seen Brown turn more of a critical eye to the Priory, using his characters to communicate a Christian position to many of the assertions concerning the role of Mary Magdelene in biblical history. Instead, Brown's storyline simply portrays the Catholic Church as a narrow-minded, book-burning political machine that shaped Christianity for their own personal reasons.<br/>The Ugly: While the book was riveting throughout, the climax (no pun intended) was very underwhelming - not at all the enlightening ending I was expecting.  The ending sort of reminded me of the song, "One Tin Soldier", where wars are waged over the discovery of a message, which turned out to be relatively simple instead of profound.<br/>All in all, I really enjoyed the book. CAUTION: if you are a devout Christian who believes that the New Testament as we know it today was divinely inspired and 100% literal, don't waste your time. It will only make you angry.
 While this book does read like a screenplay, I still found it intriguing, entertaining and apparently very well researched. It moves along quite rapidly and creates enough suspense to make the read worth it.  Some of the scenes were over the top, but it's still a good book.<br/>One positive aspect of the book is that those who read it are actually looking into the many premises offered up by Mr. Brown. Whether reading other books on the subject, researching on-line, or just talking with others, people are actually using their heads. In my book, anything that encourages learning is a good thing!
 The Da Vinci code is about a man and a women who set out on a quest for the holy grail. yes believe it the holy grail. but there arre those who dont what the grail to surface. those being the holy catholic church and the notorias group of Opes Dei. Landgon and Nuvier are on a quest for the greatest of treasure. this book features many twists and turns such as some truths and some lies that you are lead to believe.<br/>  It all begins when Sophie Nuvier's grandfather whom she hasn't sponken to in ten years was brutally murdered by  Selis an Opes Dei member in search of the keystone, wich is the key needed to unlock the grail. Sophie dicovers that her grandfather has been murdered and a message left by her grandfather told her to find Robert Langdon, a sybloigest. With Sophie being a cryptologist together they join there knowlege to solve the most complicated of mystery of all time.<br/>  along the way the meet up with Fache, who is the head of the D.C.P.G wich is the london police. Salis, is also hunting Robert and Sophie as they struggle to find the grail. Mean while while looking for the grail and running from salis Sophie learns more than she imgined about her all to normal and boring life and secrets about her grandfather that she was never supposed to know.<br/>  Do Sophie and Robert taste the sweet friuts of there laong and dangerous labor, and does Sophie discover all to much about her past, and does Langdon trust to many people? To find out about this captivating qwest for enlightenment and understanding read the addicting novle you won't be able to put it down from cover to cover.<br/>a Review by Jared lowdermilk<br/>and 8th grade student
 Call me cantankerous but when I hear, "You must read this book," or "You'll love this movie," my first thought is "No, I mustn't" or "No, I won't." I have been disappointed too many times by the misleading commercial success of a book or movie to expect much from such recommendations. Major disappointments that come to mind include the movie "Pretty Woman" and any novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Despite my misgivings, on the recommendation of my brother-in-law the intellectual, I cracked open The DaVinci Code with low expectations and immediately found myself caught up in the puzzlement of a gruesome, after-hours crime scene in the very secure Louvre.<br/>Having spent 12 years as an earnest Catholic school girl, this book set my brain on fire. A usually passive reader too lazy to look up the occasional unfamiliar word, I found myself racing to Google on claims Dan Brown made regarding classic art, religious history, mystical numbers and such. Years ago, E.L. Doctorow's Ragtime captivated me in a like manner by mixing historical fact with fiction. It is the reader's decision where to draw the line between fiction and fact, and I find it fascinating to have to ponder where that line actually falls while reading a novel.<br/>The DaVinci Code is not great literature but it is a great book: the plot unfolds at a rapid-fire pace, the characters are likeable although trite and the points it makes about DaVinci's art and a secret code fascinated.
 I'm almost ashamed to admit I read this book, as it was such a moronic piece of fiction. My excuse for starting it is that it was a hot topic at the time I read it (2004); my excuse for finishing it (and this is the shameful part, and the only reason I gave it 2 stars) is that it was a decent thriller, in a mindless sort of way--the literary equivalent of Die Hard 2, 3, 4, ... But the book was filled with such ridiculous and inexcusable errors of fact that it took the edge off whatever pulp pleasure I might have otherwise derived from it--and convinced me never to read another Dan Brown book, however desperate for escapist fiction I might become.
 The Da Vinci Code is far from perfect, but that didn't keep me from flipping all 400+ pages in an afternoon.  This book has much to offer:<br/>1.) Interesting facts about artwork, the golden proportion, cryptography<br/>2.) Details enough about Freemasonry, the Priory of Sion, Opus Dei, and the Knights Templar to make budding consipiracy theorists salivate<br/>3.) Plenty of red herrings and foreshadowing to keep you guessing and revising your guesses<br/>4.) Excellent pacing<br/>Some readers may find the short chapters unusual, but they work well in maintaining multiple concurrent threads.  The result is a page-turner in the truest sense--the reader almost feels as if he is in the same desperate chase as the characters.<br/>The Da Vinci Code is far from perfect, however.  The writing sometimes calls attention to itself, and the author often pauses the narrative to provide backstory and history lesson.  The lines between historical fact and pure fiction are intentionally blurry, but that may be unsettling to some (devout) readers.  And some scenes, including the ending, an interrogation early in the novel, and a climactic scene at Westminster Abbey, seem contrived.<br/>Also--don't believe anything Brown says about Harvard...<br/>Overall, this is a fun and entertaining book that doesn't deserve the harsh criticism it has received.  I recommend it without reservation.
 the Da Vinci Code is a wonderful book. It made me think, it made me do lots of research and it got me take another look at historical events and religious beliefs. Yet the story does not imply that faith is any less divine, it introduces other mysteries. It just brings up a lot of points and theories that are fasinating, yet I felt it was presented in a great story filled with mystery, intrigue and high action. I read so many books that I am rarely surprised or enthusiastic about what I read -not anymore! This book surprised me, made me question things I thought were written in stone, and I looked up every detail on the internet- go to Dan Browns web-site. The book cover is interactive! This book is just great! I mean it IS a story, but a lot of the theories check out!
 "The Da Vinci" code has been much critisized for its lacking accuracy of supposed historical facts. Regardless of how many of the book's claims are true, Brown makes one important point: There's always two sides to a story and the history books are written by the winners. Keep in mind: Don't assume everything someone says is true, be it the Catholic Church or Dan Brown. Check both sides, do some research. Don't automatically assume this book to be true, but it might inspire you to question some supposed facts of Christian history.<br/><br/>This is not the first time a fictional work claims to be based on fact and whether Dan Brown truly believes in the Priory of Sion - which has been revealed to be a hoax - is not really important. As long as you read this book as a thriller, it is definately an entertaining page turner, well worth reading.
 I kept putting off reading this book, even though I had heard all the hype.  Finally, my husband read it and loved it, so I decided I'd give it a try.  Wow.  I picked it up and didn't put it down until 5 hours later.  I didn't want to go to work the next day because I wanted to finish reading!!  I won't go over the plot line again - that has already been done.  This was just so well written - fresh material, fast moving plot, the various threads all get tied up in the end, but not in a pat, disappointing way, but in a way that still satisfies the reader.  I can't wait to read "Deception Point" and "Angels &amp; Demons"!
 In settling on a title for this review, I was at a loss to find the right adjective. Compelling?  Intriguing?  Informative?  Gripping?  All of the above, actually. I settled on "great," because I truly believe this book will be read as a classic of this era.<br/>The book is an amazing learning experience, opening my mind to realms of thought and beliefs I never knew anyone espoused.  As one who has always loathed history books, the education garnered from Brown's writing was assimilated without a fuss.  Indeed, I absorbed willingly.<br/>I enjoyed a similar experience from James Goldman's brilliant play, "The Lion In Winter." It's apparently useful to have the characters brought to life and given dimesion, not some dry account of their actions and their relevance to history.<br/>The plot, stripped of its embellishments, is basic enough. Even trite.  A man is accused of a crime he didn't commit, and with the aid of his brilliant, charming lady cryptographer, struggles to prove his innocence.  But fiction readers of all stripes will find something to appeal, from mystery to history, and even a love story.<br/>Dan Brown will prove to be recognized as one of the greatest writers of our time.
 Two people who know that I have an aversion to reading, "what everyone else is reading" recommended the Da Vinci Code to me.  They assured me that, despite all the frenzy surrounding the book, it was great!<br/>I did read it, and while I read it quickly because something about it did capture my attention, I did not really enjoy it.  I thought it was a clever way for Dan Brown to communicate the massive amount of information he obtained while researching the book, however, I really felt that the book was quite weak.  I think Dan Brown has seen how well John Grisham has done in turning mediocre books into blockbusters and decided he should get in on the action as well.  He even describes the main character as resembling Harrison Ford.<br/>The book was entertaining enough for me to finish it, but I wish I had borrowed it from a friend or the library instead of purchasing it.
 First of all, dear readers, this is FICTION, despite the numerous historical and religious references that have upset some reviewers. Author Dan Brown no doubt has borrowed from others in shaping an interesting story about oft-discussed topics, including THE HOLY GRAIL, the sometimes cryptic art and mind of DA VINCI, and the checkered past of Christianity and in particular the Roman Catholic Church.<br/>The fact that there are well over 1,000 reviews of this book on Amazon is evidence alone that this novel has renewed interest in subjects that have stirred passions for more than 2,000 years. For this alone, the author should be commended. Yes, he's clearly after a Hollywood deal -- the characters and script are made for the big screen -- but beyond that he has caused many to GOOGLE  topics such as THE LAST SUPPER (which many will view with different eyes), the HOLY GRAIL (more than just the drunking cup of Jesus?), OPUS DEI, the PRIORY OF SION and KNIGHTS TEMPLAR. Conspiracy theorists will have a field day.<br/>As for the technical aspects, the characters come off a little wooden, the dialog is a bit forced and contrived and the harmony between male and female -- which is the underlying thesis -- is out of balance. Sophie, the heroine, is clearly drawn as dependent if not intellectually inferior to the hero, Robert Langdon, the Harvard professor and Harrison Ford wannabe. While the author raises Mary Magdalene to the highest pedestal, in effect granting her divinity over the mortal Jesus, assertedly her husband, Brown inexplicably depreciates Sophie, who was a<br/>descendant of this god-like pair! Still, the pace is quick and you can finish this brain candy off in 2 or 3 days.<br/>Well, as I said, it's OK as fiction, but stimulating nonetheless and a must read for anyone who is more than just a little curuous about the origins of one of the world's most followed religions.<br/>Now as for movie casting:<br/>ROBERT LANGDON..........HARRISON FORD<br/>SOPHIE..................CHARLIZE THERON/ASHLEY JUDD<br/>SILAS, THE ALBINO.......EMINEM<br/>THE FRENCH POLICE CAPT..THE GUY WHO PLAYS HERCULE POIROT<br/>TEABING/THE TEACHER.....ANTHONY HOPKINS<br/>GRANDPA.................SEAN CONNERY<br/>THE BISHOP..............EDWARD JAMES OLMOS
 Most readers found this book entertaining.  I did too.  I started it and even stayed up one night for several hours reading when I should have been sleeping.  A couple of glaring plot defects came through, though.  1.  How did the young lady have a laser cut key which existed at least 20 years ago?  I thought laser cut keys were a fairly recent development, and, 2.  How did the butler meet the 'Teacher' without immediately recognising him?<br/>BUT the obvious heavy dosage of Masonic (and several other religious persuasions) dogma is dealt out with a sledge hammer.  The book seems to assert that there is a huge library of documents that 'prove' that Jesus was only human, married Mary Magdaline, and moved to France, to sire several children.  He asserts that the Holy Bible is a product of the tinkering of the power-hungry church officials who want only to maintain their domination and control over the minds of their poor subjects.  With several other facts he has missed, he has missed the fact that the Bible was pretty much 'solidified' before the Catholic Church became the power structure that it is today.  His assertion that the extra-Biblical documents 'prove' that Jesus was merely a man constitue a gratuitous assertion, which can be gratuitously denied.  Proof of the pudding lies in the facts that the Apostles (most of them) went to the death for their faith, as did hundreds more in the first century.  I doubt that many people would die agonizing deaths for a lie.  There is also the disturbing fact of a complex mathematical code found in the New Testament writings by a Harvard Mathematician which are nearly impossible for a human writer to duplicate.  To me this code shows the finger of God in the writings.<br/>Bottom Line: fun book, good story, but watch out for the propaganda.
 I really don't understand what all the fuss is about. The Da Vinci Code is nothing special; it's a religious mystery that feels a little too familiar at times. This is one case where the book doesn't live up to all the hype surrounding it.<br/>And maybe that's why I was so disappointed by it. We've seen this before, and better. How many time have we followed historians or archeologists who are seeking the Holy Grail? This time around, we're following historian and art expert Langdon and Sophie, a young French police officer who's grandfather has just been assassinated. Before dying, the old man wrote a strange message in his own blood. Once decrypted, the message will put Landon and Sophie on a road they do not necessarily want to be on.<br/>And that's pretty much all there is to it. I love mysteries that make you work for your money. This one didn't. When the characters are faced with a problem, the answer will usually come to them as if falling right from the sky. They never work really hard to achieve their goals. Everything is pure coincidence. The book - and author - believe themselves to be much more clever than they actually are.<br/>Their search leads them across France and England, as our two heroes try to find what they seek all the while trying to dodge the police (and their many enemies). I have to admit that the pacing of the books was pretty quick. Written in short chapters, this was one quick read. But maybe a little too quick. I wanted more out of this story. I wanted more complicated characters, situations that were not so easily solved, and a plot that didn't feel so deja vu.<br/>In the end, The Da Vinci Code is nothing special, more the product of a great publicity campain than a real innovative thriller. This book almost reads as if it was written with one sole purpose in mind; to become a Hollywood movie. As it now stands, The Da Vinci Code is just another religious conspiracy thriller that is all talk and no action.
 I put off reading this book until the hype got to me. What's with the Christian culture and religious scandals? I have to admit that the book is riveting, and got off to a fabulous start. After that, all the events seemed so contrived, all arranged just so, with perfect timing, to make everything come out right. A million things could have gone wrong for Langdon and Sophie if they were real life characters, but no, everything gets orchestrated beautifully, if improbably, by the author.<br/><br/>Without spoiling the plot too much, consider the actions of Sauniere after he is shot in the stomach. I've never been shot in the stomach, but I can't imagine a 70 year-old man doing anything more than curling up to die; but no, he spends the last 15-20 minutes of his life to create a most clever, devious, subtle set of clues for Langdon, to safeguard a secret that is so banal it is not worth losing one's life over. How is he sure that Langdon will find the clues and draw the right conclusions?<br/><br/>Just when you think Langdon and Sophie (another improbable character) have finally solved the puzzle, it turns out the solution is simply one more clue to another puzzle, which in turn must be solved. Towards the end of the book, it gets a bit ridiculous. The only thing that kept me going was the anticipation of a juicy secret that made all this effort worthwhile.<br/><br/>So, what is this fantastic secret that a secret society kept under covers for centuries, for which people willingly gave up their lives, and for which real life people today get upset about? Was Jesus a sexual deviant? Was Jesus, in fact, an ancestor of Mohammed? Did Jesus condemn his earlier teachings, including the Sermon on the Mount? These would have been sensational enough, but still irrelevant in the context of Christian spirituality. The real secret, which I won't give away, is so hopelessly trite that I simply can't imagine people getting worked up over it. What am I missing?<br/><br/>Does the alleged 'shameful past' invalidate Jesus' teachings? Does it negate the Commandments? Even if Jesus had been a sexual deviant (which historically he wasn't to the best of our knowledge, and the book certainly doesn't claim), why should that invalidate what he said? The book's ending is a massive anticlimax. To this day I can't fathom why people get upset over the final revelation in the book. It is so banal, almost like claiming Jesus did not floss everyday. Big deal!<br/><br/>The book's plot structure, pace, and sense of drama are excellent (if sometimes too tedious and painfully contrived). But the ending is a total letdown. I felt that the author's talent (not to speak of my time) was wasted on a trivial, senseless issue. A bit like Einstein using his genius to invent an onion slicer. I recommend the book, if only as an example of how an excellent work of fiction can be corrupted by a meaningless triviality.
 What Dan Brown has done in "The Da Vinci Code" is take the book "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" (by  Michael Baigent) and put it into a fictional plot. This book is not for Christian fundamentalists because they will find it very blasphemous. It is a nice little mystery/thriller plot with religious implications that are starting to get people to think about things they have always taken for granted about Christianity.<br/><br/> The action kicks off in modern-day Paris with the murder of the Louvre's chief curator, whose body is found laid out in symbolic repose at the foot of the Mona Lisa. Seizing control of the case are Sophie Neveu, a lovely French police cryptologist, and Harvard symbol expert Robert Langdon, reprising his role from Brown's last book. The two find several puzzling codes at the murder scene, all of which form a treasure map to the fabled Holy Grail.<br/><br/> As their search moves from France to England, Neveu and Langdon are confounded by two mysterious groups-the legendary Priory of Sion, a nearly 1,000-year-old secret society whose members have included Botticelli and Isaac Newton, and the conservative Catholic organization Opus Dei. Both have their own reasons for wanting to ensure that the Grail isn't found.<br/><br/> The most fascinating aspect of this novel is the overwhelming public interest and controversy surrounding many of the assertions Brown makes in this book. It may be safe to assume that most people have little or no previous exposure to these topics and it certainly has generated extreme controversy in Christian circles. There are no less than 20 books in print that attempt to support or refute the information found in "The Da Vinci Code". I have never seen such polarization over a work of fiction before. The illustrated edition of "The Da Vinci Code" is just the kind of book that not only makes reading experiences more enjoyable and interesting, but it also continues to stir things up by providing visual references for the works of art, architecture, and religious symbology discussed in the text.<br/><br/> Dan Brown has done amazing jobs to his book "The Da Vinci Code". The story is powerful and magnificent. Mixing with a lot of traceable truth and facts, he made his novel sound extremely convincing and inevitably deluded you from what's real and what's fictional.
 I typically don't read books that have been hyped up by the general public.  A few of my friends, however, suggested that I check it out.  So I did.  While I don't regret reading it, I would never recommend it to anyone.  Brown pretty much lost me when he described the main character as a "bookish Harrison Ford" that is a professor at an ivy league university.  This character is about to embark on a quest to find the Holy Grail...  I saw that movie over 15 years ago... it's called "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade."  The characters all lack depth, and the riddles were mindless (I solved the first one as soon as it was presented, and the second maybe a few pages before the characters did.)  I'd never read another one of his books.
 I got this book thanks to the hype and good reviews my friends, family and online gave to this book.  I finally finished it last night, thank god!  Like others have said, the beginning is really good.  It hooks you and really gets you "sunk" into the book.<br/>After about 30 chapters (out of 100+), it gets tedious and boring.  I found myself skipping or skimming pages, all about religion and symbology.  I mean, it was boring and I really didn't like reading it all.  They go on and on and on and on...there's lots of extra writing in here, where they could be more short and sweet.<br/>I didn't really think the plot was really realistic, especially certain scenes where they get out of "messes", such as the airplane scene.  There are very few good parts.  I found myself waiting and waiting for it to get better, and found myself miserable at the end.<br/>If you just "have" to read this, borrow someone's copy or buy one of the used, cheaper copies.<br/>I don't understand all the hype...
 The only thing I'm sure of at this point is that The Da Vinci Code certainly doesn't live up to its hype. As someone who knows absolutely nothing about art history, I was fascinated by the impliciations of the protagonist's (a symbologist at Harvard University) unconventional analysis of Leonardo Da Vinci's artwork. But the more and more I learn about Brown's glaring inaccuracies (most of which the layperson to art history would not notice), the less respect I hold for the author and his book.<br/>As far as the plot goes, I loved the first half of the book, until the characters got all nutty with the Royal Bloodline and the Holy Grail and whatnot. It was fast-paced, intriguing, and different. But it soon loses focus. As the plot gets more complex, Brown seems to think twice about the intellect of his readers. Whenever something happens, the implications are repeated. Several times. JUST TO MAKE SURE YA GOT IT. This is a thriller, a mystery, if you will. It's supposed to be subtle, not overtly user friendly. After the first half, this book just goes down hill fast. The simplicity of the riddles, and the difficulty these renowned scholars have figuring it out, gets annoying. The ending turns into a Oprah-like romance scene. And the revelation of the (once) enigmatic Teacher is disappointing to say the least. Anyone who's ever read a mystery before knows the bad guy is always the character you'd least expect. That's why most mystery authors have stopped using this passe technique, but unfortunately Brown has yet to catch on.
 This novel uses a conventional thriller/murder mystery as a backdrop to explore the roots of Gnosticism that evolved into modern Christianity. But you don't have to be interested in religion to enjoy this book. As the story unfolds, the reader is invited to solve several riddles that on the surface may appear impenetrable. Yet once explained, the answers seem almost obvious. Mr. Brown uses several traditional methods, including letter transpositions and mathematical series. But even the most seasoned code-breaker will not be disappointed. Each riddle links perfectly to the next and carries the plot to a surprising but logical conclusion. No Hitchcock MacGuffin here. Underneath the mystery and conundrum lies an intriguing commentary on the emergence of one of the world's dominant religions. True believers will consider this book to be more heresy. Feminists will see an ally. The truth is that it can be read on several different levels and interpreted in a number of ways, all of them enagaging even if you disagree with the author's views. Read this book if you like murder mysteries, word or math puzzles, have an open mind about the roots of religious beliefs and like strong female protagonists.
 It is sad that so may evaluate it for its controversial philosophical content rather than its monumental literary value. Five stars if there ever was one. Probably never before has a book worked up so much controversy fact vs. fiction.<br/><br/>A similar book - what happens when the political infighting that goes on when a pope is elected turns to murder - is Lucien Gregoire's `Murder in the Vatican'- real life murder. Gregoire presents compelling evidence that two Opus Dei bishops, who later rose to high rank, orchestrated the murder of the 33 day pope because he threatened to the destroy the validity of the Old Testament. As a young seminarian, Albino Luciani (John Paul 1st) had written an article in his school newspaper which reached all of Europe. In his article, the boy Luciani called upon nations to live up to their copyright laws and place a warning on the Old Testament, "This is a work of fiction. Keep away from children." No one is going to walk away from Gregoire's book without the absolute conviction that the Old Testament is a nothing more than a fairytale. In the case of Brown's masterpiece, the least they will walk away with is the tantalizing question, fact or fiction?  Bravo, Master Brown, the first great book of the new millennium. If you get Gregoire's book get the 2010 edition (link above) rather than the partial older editions. Buy these books together - free shipping. I did.<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Murder-in-the-Vatican-The-CIA-and-the-Bolshevik-Pontiff/dp/1449023045/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Murder in the Vatican: The CIA and the Bolshevik Pontiff</a>
 This book is entertaining and keeps going from beginning to end. Its amazing though that some people think the story is true. Its the same people who think the United States is covering up UFO landings. They don't realize that most myths are based on a little bit of fact. Of course some people would prefer to read a fictional story and think they've uncovered truth than to study real history. Lazy minds. But all in all the book is fun.
 Great opening chapter, and downhill from there. I was suspicious when so many articles and websites and reviews commented that "they never knew such and such" or that their "eyes were opened" about church- and art-history. Was this written-for-screenplay-use book being taken seriously?  Apparently so.<br/>Beyond the wooden characters, and predictable plot - the guy was seemingly trying to teach or inform the readers about "great mysteries." My frustration hit its peak in the first few chapters. He has his art-scholar quoting experts talking about "Wicca" as an "ancient religion." Anyone with three minutes on the internet can discover that Wicca was made up whole-cloth in the past 50 years from the writings of A. Crowley.  The positive reviews seem to have a common thread: they are gleeful. They are enjoying what they perceive as "those Catholics/Christian getting theirs, hee-heehumor.  Likewise, liking a book because it proves a point is not the same as the enjoyment of a good beach-book.<br/>Thumbs down. For those who were concerned or "never knew..." some of the "facts" presented - a little research will do the trick. This pulp-fiction bodice-ripper of a detective story has not undone 2000 years of history and understanding.  This conclusion can be made on a critique of the "sources" cited in the book - without recourse to point/counterpoint on his conclusions.<br/>For an article on that, see Crisis Magazine:  ...]
 But some of the differences can be confusing . Relax and enjoy the ride - it all works out in the end.
 Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" has been claimed as a masterpiece.<br/>"Da Vinci's" plot adds credibility to this hailing, however the writing style does not.  Brown's plot is incredible.  The symbology is amazing and the descriptions of architecture and art are impeccable.  The connections made throughout the book are mind-numbing and thought-provoking, including pagan symbology with Christian history.<br/>Unfortunately, Dan Brown's character development is flawed.  The characters do not have much depth, feeling too flat and inhuman.  The most believable characteris the man who dies in the beginning of the book.  Here, Brown's use of plot twists and puzzles comes to life, lending credibility to the character who left clues while expecting his death.<br/>Another shortcoming is in the suspense.  Brown creates it rather than letting it flow from the plot, writing passages such as "the five words he would say would make her mouth drop."  It would be desirable to let the suspense come naturally rather than trying to create hooks and cliffhangers.<br/>In all, the book is worth reading, and the ideology behind the plotline is stunning.  Though it might offend some, the rationale and research behind the ideas presented in novel form is worth looking at.  The connections of history and symbology are worth understanding even to the most unbelieving individual.<br/>It is only Brown's character development and artificial suspense that lowers "The Da Vinci Code" to three stars.
 Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code is an excellent, compelling, intelligent thriller, one that grabs you from the first page, one that you won't be able to put down.  Robert Langdon is called in for questioning regarding a violent murder at the Lourvre one night.  The clues left by the victim, the museum's curator send Langdon and the victim's granddaughter, Sophie, on a quest to solve both the murder and the story behind the clues the curator has left.  The story is smart and well-paced and it will keep you guessing.  An excellent, thrilling read.  Enjoy.
 Dan Brown has produced a fair adventure/action/mystery novel. The characters are a bit one dimentional and seem to serve only the purpose to advance the theory he is trying to sell.<br/><br/>The only thing I take fault in is the page where Dan Brown claims that the facts in his book are acurate in an attempt to sell the book's premise as plausible. The problem with that is that much of his theory is from the book Holy Blood, Holy Grail In the late 80s it came out that the prime source for that books was nothing more than an elaborate hoax purpitrated by Pierre Plantard in an attempt to tie himself to a royal blood line in France. The Priory of the Scion was not a secret society protecting the Holy Grail, it was a shell created in the 50s to advance one man's delusions of grandure. While the names of many people/groups that were "used" in the book actually existed their portrayal is completely fabricated.<br/><br/> There is no evidence to support any of Dan Brown's claims, plan and simple. He should stop attempting to sell this story as factually based.
 I enjoyed this book and read it in a single sitting.  As page turning adventure with fun puzzles, it's great.<br/>However (and with only 3 stars, there must be a however), the book has three very irritating features.<br/>The least important, but most cringe-inducing is that Dan Brown gets lots of details, both minor and major, wrong.  For example, GPS doesn't work indoors and most stick shifts don't have a park gear.<br/>A more serious flaw in the book is that even if you accept that the Church is founded on a deception foisted upon the world by Constantine, the author's constant polemics demanding a return to the female side of the divine and his blaming of all patriarchal beliefs in all religions on Christianity are distracting and slow the pace of the story.  This might be OK if his digressions were interesting, but they repeat themselves and also fail to address the obvious questions raised about the other cult of Mary (mother of Jesus), which was so strong that when Mohammed accused Christians of Tri-theism he listed Mary as one of their 3 gods.  There are several places in the book where I felt I was being preached at, and I just wanted to get on with the story.<br/>My final complaint is that toward the end, I began figuring out the puzzles about 2 pages ahead of the characters (for example, the cipher related to Newton was barely worthy of a crossword clue), which is in the books greatest crime.<br/>In all, it is a fun read, but it is far from perfect.
 It has been a long time since I was able to become so drawn into a novel that I literally couldn't wait to find time to read the next stage of the plot. With Angels and Demons, I became obsessed with reading as fast as I could to get to the end. It is the same with DaVinci Code. The storyline is compelling and even though you may know the theory he is extrapolating upon, it still has a magnetic affect on you. Dan Brown writes in tiers; layers of plot that seem to reach their pinnacle, suddenly another dimension is added to it. He writes about DaVinci being a prankster, which history supports, but he also plays games and amusing pranks with the reader. The protagonist is named Robert Langdon, whereas the consultant he uses, who happens to be a leading cryptologist, is John Langdon. The name of the man murdered in the novel is the name of the man purported to have found the documents referred to in the book. (Not to give the plot away.) My only complaint is that the plot development seems redundant from his previous work, so he needs to develop the story in a more unique fashion next time. There are so many fascinating elements to the theme of this book that whatever your level of knowledge regarding the theories are, there is still something to think about or to learn. His approach makes you stop and think about what he is proposing as a theory and even after you have read it, you still find yourself thinking about it. For those readers that like to delve into the possibilities that are still unknown to us, Brown is the author that helps you explore them while providing a rich, fast-paced novel to sink your teeth into and keep you up at night. A must read!
 I finally got around to reading this best selling book more than eight years after it was published, had led to a hit movie starring Tom Hanks, and inspired a slew of other books on DaVinci and his secret codes. I opened it up with some reluctance. I didn't think I would like it. Codes and secret societies and highly involved mysteries are not my cup of tea. Was I wrong! I don't believe I have ever read the last few dozen pages of a book quicker than I read these. I was in an absolute frenzy to get to the end and solve the riddles so delicately and passionately presented by author Brown. The suspense generated by this story is intense. I will think of it often in the months to come.
 The Da Vinci Code has been called "an exhaustively researched page-turner". I don't know about the "exhaustively researched" part, but I can vouch for the fact that it is a page-turner. A murder in the Louvre, cryptology, a beautiful and sexy Sophie Neveu, Mary Magdalene, the Holy Grail, the Priory of Sion, Opus Dei, and countless other elements will keep the average reader hooked. The problem is when one wants to start looking at this book as a historical one rather than a mystery/thriller. Those who find fault with this book are searching for the wrong thing in the wrong place. Just read it for fun... oh what a roller-coaster ride it is. It is Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code that inspired me to read several other books with a Jesus element including <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Holy-Blood-Holy-Grail/dp/0440136482/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Holy Blood, Holy Grail</a>,<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Aquarian-Gospel-of-Jesus-the-Christ-The-Philosophic-and-Practical-Basis-of-the-Religion-of-the-Aquarian-Age-of-the-World-and-of-the-Church-Universal/dp/0875161685/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Aquarian Gospel of Jesus the Christ: The Philosophic and Practical Basis of the Religion of the Aquarian Age of the World and of the Church Universal</a>,<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Rozabal-Line/dp/1430327545/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Rozabal Line</a>, and <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Woman-with-the-Alabaster-Jar-Mary-Magdalen-and-the-Holy-Grail/dp/1879181037/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Woman with the Alabaster Jar: Mary Magdalen and the Holy Grail</a>.
 On occasion this story was good, but after the author used the same technique to cheat the audience repeatedly just to keep some suspense going, I started to get bored.<br/>It is also interesting to note that every extra (disposable) character in the same scene has the exact same reaction as all the others.  I didn't realize there were still so many sheep bleating overseas.<br/>If you want a good story and don't mind the author's poor writing skills, this is a decent attempt.  I must admit I was amazed when I realized Dan Brown had been published before - I thought the mistakes he made were because he was a beginner!
 Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" is engaging for about eighty percent of the book after which it becomes a slow somewhat laborious read. The story line is very predictable and written with an obvious Hollywood slant. Hence the movie...<br/><br/>Dan Brown is a very good writer but this book is not one of his best. Check out "Angles and Demons" or "Decpetion Point" for more engaging and less predictable storylines. The former, A&amp;D, being a difficult book to put down right through the final pages!
 Slandering perhaps one of the most widely accepted books on the face of the planet, the author embarks on a hapless endeavor to degrade and malign also what the masses hold most dear: Religion. Unfortunately for him, his claims are unaccompanied by any form of viable evidence.  The author stammers on the fault lines of religion, hoping to cause the smallest tremor, only to cease the easily-fooled simpletons that track saliva from where they used to reap spiritual joy.<br/><br/>  The author divulges his outrageous claims from the age-old remnants of Leonardo de Vinci's masterpieces. The pieces of art stake only his creative prose, not at all singing over the lines of sacrilege. But apparently, what appears to look like awe-inspiring craft, lies in the eye of the beholder. For what the author beheld, was something controversial to put it civil-like.<br/><br/>  To waste time scrutinizing the most minuets of flaws would be remembered only as a profound waste of time. To put it ever so bold, don't waste your time...unless you want to doubt your religion.
 I just raed this book this week. A little late, I know, but I wanted to read it before I saw the movie. And I just got done watching the movie tonight as well. And, like most movies, the book was better than the film--but the film is brilliant as well. I was a little skeptical about this book after reading Digital Fortress a while ago. I must say, however, that Dan Brown has come a long way and transfomed himself into being a truly great writer. This week I'll be reading Angels and Deamons, and I am really looking forward to it. So regardless of whether or not you've seen this movie, I highly recommend reading this book. Dan Brown will not disappoint.
 When my daughter asked me what this book was like, I thought "Indiana Jones for nerds" was an apt description.  The main character is even described as looking like Harrison Ford.  Regardless, this is a fast paced story, helped along by short chapters.  There are some really eye opening historical facts discussed in this novel, so much that I want to read more on this subject.  So, in summary, the story itself is great, but I felt the writing style of the author was a little melodramatic.  If you can get past that "over the top" style, you will enjoy this book.
 I've got mixed feelings about the Da Vinci Code, yes it was definitely a page turner and unlike some people who said it had a slow start, was hooked from page one. However, I was very disappointed by the end and of course you don't read a book like this and expect it to have incredible 3 dimensional characters. He is an excellent storyteller and I really think he made his viewpoint on the story of Jesus believable whether it's actually true or not, I don't know. But why the heck not, he states his case well.  If you're looking for a page turner, go for it but I hope you won't be as disappointed about the end as I was.<br/><br/>Jeff Rivera<br/><br/>Author of FOREVER MY LADY on Amazon.com
 I loved the book until I realized that most of the conspiracies and "Biblical" evidence was hugely misconstrued, fabricated or out of context, or simply didn't make common sense. I get that this is a thriller and novels are free to change things but I still wish Dan Brown had emphasized that fact more... although I don't know if that would've changed my reaction or how I approached the book.
 The Da Vinci Code is an enjoyable thriller, and includes a number of interesting alternative historical tidbits. Unfortunately, Brown is no Umberto Eco, who could have done much more with the subject matter. The characters are wooden, and the plot depends too much on explication through unrealistic dialogue (including a number of long discussions in dangerous situations). The short chapters punctuated by cliffhangers seem to form a bit of a rhythm after a while. All in all, though, it is a good and interesting read.
 To be honest I avoided this book like the plague because I heard so much about it.  Having already read Foucaults Pendulum by Umberto Eco I knew that the DaVinci Code would be the "movie of the book" version of that brilliant Grail satire.<br/><br/>So, I didn't read it when it came out.  I didn't see it when the movie came out, and all the hype died down.  Then I picked up the paperback for 1 Euro in the local church charity sale last week.<br/><br/>What irony - the Catholic church is selling the DaVinci code.  I love it!<br/><br/>So, I was flying to Rome for the Weekend and wanted a chewing gum book (i.e. Light reading that you can dip in and out of easily).  Rome - St Peters Basilica - Da Vinci, it was a match made in heaven.<br/><br/>Honestly, I read most of the book in the airports on the way out and on the way home, and it was perfect fodder for the trip.  The book is what it is, a bit of fun.  A romp through grail fantasy at high speed with a cast of highly unbelievable characters.  There is the Harrison Ford/ Indiana Jones symbology professor, the sultry french female police cryptologist, the murderous albino monk, the crippled English nobleman grail fanatic (AKA Professor Jones senior in Indiana Jones and the last crusade) and the aggressive French bad cop who is quite like Carl Malden in the French Connection, don't you think!<br/><br/>All in all it is quite a fun book.  It won't get me knocking on the floor beneath the obelisk at the gnomon in St Sulpice looking for the hollow tile, but it may encourage me to take a closer look at the pyramide inversee next time I visit the Louvre!
 There are already 500+ reviews of this book, which means that it has struck a resonant chord with a lot of readers.<br/>I read through this book very quickly and enjoyed it as a summer suspense thriller.  I enjoyed Brown's ability to bring a lot of interesting facts and fun conjectures together, and can forgive the possibly many errors, omissions and suppositions that others have found.  It is "just a novel" after all.<br/>It was only after I was done, however, and started to think about the various elements of the book that it struck me:  while I was reading the book, it felt like fiction imbued with historical scholarship.  Now that I think through the various plot devices and elements, that feeling is transmogrified into thinking this is cotton candy scholarship -- delicious, but ultimately just a bit airy and unsubstantial.<br/>I don't like throwing rocks.  I think Brown has done a great job with this.  I'm just surprised at the large numbers of people who have embraced this book as a scholarly look at the world.
 I found it distracting in his obvious agenda/bias re the Roman Catholic Church.  Not that it is an inappropriate one, it just seems to be a thread woven in two of his books I've recently read.<br/>Putting that aside the book is great and the premise possible, and it's tightly written.  Hard to put down as you want to find out what is coming next!<br/>I shall continue to buy Mr. Brown's work and I recommend his work on my own web site.<br/>He's educational too about arcane and archaic thoughts/theories without being pendantic.  One's sense of history is enlarged by reading Mr. Brown's book.  His fiction does seem to be based on facts in my opinion.
 I first read Dan Brown's `The Da Vinci Code' a good long while ago and didn't think all that much of it.  However, with the release of the film and the endless chatter about it on the TV, I revisited the novel to give it another go.  Here's pretty much what I thought of it this time around.<br/><br/>PLOT - rooted in shadowy conspiracies and enigmatic puzzles, this aspect of the book is its strength.  You keep turning the pages to discover the resolution to each mystery and Brown is canny enough to pace them between very short chapters that are weighted with strong narrative hooks. To be forthright (without hopefully spoiling it altogether)the novel concerns a professor who discovers that various secret societies have sought to either suppress or protect the hidden truth that Jesus actually married and began a bloodline.<br/><br/>CHARACTER - these are mostly 2D and are little more than puppets to shift around the scenery.  At no point in the novel will you find yourself thinking "wow, Dan...that's great insight into the human psyche you have there" or anything like that.  Instead you will meet numerous caricatures emitting streams of either functional or cheesy dialogue, with the very worst being Sir Leigh Teabing who is the least convincing Englishman since Dick Van Dyke appeared in `Mary Poppins'.<br/><br/>PROSE - the writing drifts from the reasonable to the childishly farcical on a paragraph by paragraph basis.  Throughout Brown seems to have the idea of keeping it simple, average and unchallenging to hit the widest audience possible - or at least I hope so as the man teaches creative writing, and if this is his best then his students should be asking for a refund.<br/><br/>BIGGER PICTURE - it is impossible to review the book without mentioning the number of statements it makes about history, religion and art.  On the first reading I knew it had errors as I've studied a few conspiracy theories myself, but it is only now with the intense amount of research thrown at it that I've realised just how many glaring inaccuracies it manages in 605 pages.  To state, every vital element of the story is somehow flawed, and that includes not only the apparent `facts' concerning the genuine existence of the Priory Of Scion and the monks of Opus Dei (i.e., the Priory of Scion is an owned-up-to hoax and Opus Dei has no monks), but also details about Leonardo's life and work, the basic geography of Paris and London, the contents of the Dead Sea Scrolls, the architects/architecture of numerous churches,  the history of the Templars, the history and organisation of the Catholic Church, the historical lineage of various spiritual symbols and even technical information concerning firearms and computers.  In short, the book is more or less one long series of total mistakes, and consequently Brown should have done a bit more research before shoving out a novel with the word FACT emblazoned across the top of the first page.<br/><br/>To conclude, `The Da Vinci Code' is worth a look if you fancy a bit of lightweight fluff on a rainy Sunday afternoon, but it is certainly not as good as either `The Dumas Club' by Arturo Perez-Reverte or `The Shadow of the Wind' by Carlos Ruiz Zafon, which are also filled with puzzles and dark enclaves galore.<br/><br/>For myself, Brown's novel will always be the impoverished cousin, twice removed, of Umberto Eco's stunning and erudite `Foucault's Pendulum', which truly deserves to be read and reread as an example of faultless narrative art.  Unlike Brown, Eco's writing has a message which has been researched thoroughly enough to withstand academic scrutiny: a message which concerns the often fatal human proclivity to build castles made of conspiracy theories in the air. It then perhaps serves as truly the best novel to function as an antidote to any potential Da Vinci Code fever.
 I realize that before we begin this review that this book has been probably the most popular book on Earth over the course of the last two or three years. The hardcover version of this book alone has almost forty-million copies in print. And here I am - three years later - writing a review. To be honest I read this book for the first time at the end of 2003 and I re-read it this week as a refresher before the movie is released in May.<br/><br/>The book begins when the curator of the Louvre museum in Paris is murdered within the museum and then arranges his body in a very bizarre manner. Harvard-symbolist Robert Langdon is called into assist in the matter. From there on in, Langdon is dragged into a world of secret societies, powerful clergy, famous paintings and consipiracy that has lasted for over two millenia. I cannot go much further into the plot without giving away some major parts of the book and I am loathe to do so just in case one of three people left in America who haven't read this book are reading this review.<br/><br/>Brown has written a fast paced thriller that captures your attention right from the start and doesn't let up for a second. Even though this was my second time reading the book I often had a difficult time putting it down. While some of the chapters appear very brief, it only serves to highten the sense of anticipation of the reading. Due to the subject matter, Brown's book stands head and shoulders above most other thrillers in terms of intellectual content. This is an historical thriller and it requires a certain level of historical background not to mention the discussion of famous paintings that take place.<br/><br/>Brown has written a thriller that has captured the minds of America. "The DaVinci Code" has been a runaway success for almost three years and it shows no signs of stopping now that it is in paperback. Brown has also managed to spawn an entire cottage industry around his book, as numerous books have appeared trying to refute or support his claims. So if you have not yet had a chance to read this book, or if you've been living under a rock for three years, go out and pick it up today. It is an excellant read that will keep your interest and challenge your beliefs
 The Da Vinci Code is like the movie National Treasure on steriods.  It is the ultimate page-turner.  It begins with a murder in the Louvre and you are hooked for the rest of the book.  I wasn't really bothered by the book's premise: that Jesus and Mary Magdalen were married and had a family, but this "truth" has been covered up by the church.  That is why the book is so interesting: its about the ultimate conspiracy theory. I don't really see how anyone could be "converted" to Brown's theory, it is just too fanciful.  Its easier for me to believe in the Virgin Birth than in the "history" Brown proposes.  But in knowing its a work of fiction, its quite enjoyable.<br/><br/>I was, however, annoyed a bit by some of Brown's arguements for this theory.  For example, one of the characters says that the Dead Sea Scrolls were found in the 1950's and tell of the true story of Jesus.  They were found in 1947 and say nothing of Christianity.  They are strictly Jewish texts.  Brown's characters also demonstrate how the Church has downplayed the female by looking at stories in Genesis.  Hello Mr. Brown, the book of Genesis existed for hundreds, maybe thousands of years before Jesus or the Church came along.  Likewise he says that the Church called Mary Magdalen a prostitute to defame her.  Maybe, but the Church has also done much to promote her.  After St. Peter, more churches and schools are named after Mary Mag than any other Christian figure.  In addition, being a converted prostitute has precedence in the Bible and seems to be almost a badge of honor to go from the lowest to the highest.  Rahab the philistine (book of Joshua) helped save the Israelites and is part of Christ's geneology in the Bible.  So the NT doesn't even care that Jesus came from a prostitute.<br/><br/>I also didn't understand why Brown chose to say Leonardo Da Vinci was a homosexual.  Da Vinci was accused of this by an anonymous person in his lifetime, but the charges were dropped when the person would not come forward.  This is the only evidence that he was a homosexual (and possibly the fact that he never married).  But if Da Vinci is suppose to be the Grand Master of the Priory of Sion, and this society is built around the idea of the divine feminine, how does Da Vinci being a homosexual fit into this?  Sex between a man and woman is suppose to be the ultimate form of worship for this secret society, yet Leo, its head, didn't even engage in it?  Overall its a great read.  Just read it as a work of fiction and enjoy it.  Get your history somewhere else though.
 Once I started I was almost instantly hooked, it was totally enjoyable story with unexpected twists and turns. It is the kind of book that makes you stay awake half the night - just a few more pages... just a few more pages...<br/><br/>Once I finished the book, I decided I really enjoyed Dan Brown's way of story telling, and since then read every single book he has written, and can't wait until the next one comes out.<br/><br/>Ali Julia review
 My friend had been raving about this book and said she couldn't put it down and couldn't wait to finish it so I could read it and discuss it with her. So I had great expectations that were quickly dashed. Starts out with a bang, and runs downhill. When I read a thriller, I want to be surprised at each turn, not screaming out the solutions pages before the characters arrive at them. There is not one single surprise here--well, OK, I wasn't positive about Fache's allegiance until near the end. It is just predictable and I wanted something more.
 I can describe reading this work as similar to eating a box of Krispy Kreme doughnuts for supper. There are a number of well-documented reasons why this deviation from a healthy diet is not good for you, but those creme-filled chocolate frosted beauties are just so, so delicious. The same is true of DVC. Despite its factual errors and polemic slant, it is a deliciously intriguing read. I suppose there are many worse ways to be naughty.<br/><br/>I would venture to guess that the plot line of this work is generally known: a secret society of European men of science and letters keeping alive an alternative account of the final destiny of Jesus Christ. This secret, so remarkable, has the power to turn traditional Christianity on its head. The villains of the piece are the Roman Catholic Church, whose whole existence in this work has been dedicated to suppressing the secret, and specifically Opus Dei-or a fringe element of the group, at least-which will resort to all sorts of murder and mayhem to obtain the final, conclusive key to the puzzle. Despite the theme of nearly timeless entities, the book moves along with the pace of a "24" episode and covers roughly a twenty-four hour span of time.<br/><br/>What spoil an otherwise excellent read are two factors: the first is the targeting of the Catholic Church and Opus Dei. Every work needs heroes and villains, but I found the Catholic bashing excessive. Brown plays on two current Catholic controversies-a male, clerically based structure of governance and scholarship, and its corollary, the second place status of women, real or imagined, to gain the reader's approbation that yes, Catholicism is quite capable of a fraud the likes of which Brown describes.<br/><br/>Secondly, Brown's research is eclectic, selective, and often just wrong. A veritable cottage industry of corrective works has recently appeared on bookshelves in recent months. A reasonably knowledgeable reader will easily spot the more egregious errors; a theologian, historian, or art critic will have a field day. The particular difficulty here is that Brown's puzzle is so delicately intertwined that if even one or two strands are defective, the entire weave becomes highly suspect.<br/><br/>To someone yet to read this work, I would simply say that you are facing the doughnuts for supper dilemma. You'll probably love it, so long as you don't mind the heartburn in the morning.
 This book is definetly the climax of the Robert Langdon series. This was my first read of Dan Brown. He introduces a lot of christianity history and ties it together with fun fiction that delivered a true "page-turning" adventure. This second installament of the Robert Langdon series entertains the thought of Jesus the Christ being married and possibly having a female offspring to lead the church. Brown's twisted endings always leave you in suspense. It challenges the christianity's theory in a respectful and fictional way. This book closes with a beautiful reunion and summary of theories which ties the enter story together. A "must have" for your Brown's collection.<br/><br/>Stone Michaels, Author of Defining Atlas
 I love a good page turner as much as anybody, and this one is a doozy, but for al the wrong reasons. It's so easy to pick on the Catholic Church, and particularly Opus Dei, but having been on the inside of both, I can tell you that the factual errors are overwhelming, and dangerously misleading.<br/>While it's true that ALL religions are man's attempt to put God in a bottle, and to put that bottle on an altar, and build a temple around that altar creating rubrics and rituals to circumscribe the "faithful" from the "heathens", (and that this leads directly to a "my God's bigger than your God" mentality), there is NO hierarchical conspiracy going back in the mists of time to supress "the divine feminine" in Catholicism. The emphasis on Mary (his mother, not Magdelen) in the last several hundred years in the Catholic Church has given rise to a Protestant backlash that thinks Catholics have gone too far, and that in fact they worship the mother of Jesus. It was in the 1800's  that Mary's Assumption into heaven was promulgated by the Church, and that put her on a par with Pentecost. You've come a long way baby...<br/>As for Opus Dei, their penchant for penance is what most Catholic priestly orders ( Jesuits, I know of first hand )did before Vatican II, they just never stopped the practice, and carry it over from their founding. But the cloak and daggar stuff is just ridiculous, and so ultimately, is this book.
 When I see hundreds of reviews of one book here at amazon, I wonder what encourages the late comers to write further comments. For instance, "Harry Potter Book 1" has 5212 reviews. Now, what was going through the mind of the 5212th reviewer, what can she/he say that hasn't been already said?<br/><br/>For Da Vinci Code there are 3313 reviews already. I will be 3314th (if someone with faster fingers won't beat me to it). I have something to say that hasn't been said before. I can't be one hundred percent sure of course, since I didn't read all the 3313 previous comments, I scanned them quickly. If you find out that this had been previously noted, then my apologies. So, here we go:<br/><br/>Rémy, a French, isn't likely to have peanut allergies. It is a stretch to kill a French person with a peanut-laced cognac. Nut/peanut allergy is primarily a North American phenomenon and it is largely unheard-of in Europe. Readers from France: What do you think? Didn't you find this to be a little weird? None of my French friends have ever heard of a peanut-allergy case in France. Please write to me with your comments.<br/><br/>No, that was not the only thing that bothered me in the book :-)<br/><br/>Like most negative reviewers I also thought the book was, at best, a light-weight entertainment. I like the idea of a mystery novel on the holy grail, but did it have to be so insultingly simple, and so lyrically void and so childishly predictable?<br/><br/>The best story I read about the holy grail is to be found in Georges Pérec's masterpiece Life, A User's Manual (La Vie mode d'emploi).<br/><br/>Back to The Da Vinci Code, over at readliterature, we filed this book under "rubbish" (sorry, I know it hurts when people thrash your favourite book, it happens to me too, but c'est la vie, be brave, you are a big girl/boy), if you would like to read our comments, Dave Barry's take on it, and Anthony Lane's (New Yorker) charming review of the movie, then come to readlit, click on American Lit and scroll all the way down to the garbage can (ouch!).
 Like many others, I found this book to be an exciting page turner.  I had read that Brown had spent a lot of time researching the different ideas presented in his book so I wanted to see for myself to what extent the ideas of the book were based on truth.  It appears that Brown was sucked into a hoax that many before him also bought into.  The priory documents that gave him the basis for his claims were most likely forgeries deposited by noted criminal, con artist, and prankster Pierre Plantard who registered the Priory of Sion in 1956 with a group of friends.  I could go on and on about how Plantard claimed to have deposited those documents which also pointed to him as a member of the Merovigian line amongst other claims.  However, one of the great things about writing a fiction book is that the author is free to expand on thoughts of what if this was true without worrying about having to back up everything stated.  Whether Brown knew this was false or got caught up in this hoax is irrelevant to the fact that this is an incredible fast paced book.  Brown's description of the artwork and various locations caused me to vividly remember exactly what he was talking about from my own experiences.  Many have described this book as "...an intelligent thriller..." for which I would have to agree.  I found myself not wanting to put the book down and also stopping the midst of the story to try and decipher the codes before the characters.  I would most definitely encourage others to read this book just keep in mind while reading that it is fiction.
 I had heard so many wonderful blurbs about this book and after reading it for myself I can't give it enough praise either!<br/>The opening chapters of the books reveals the dying moments of the curator of the famous Louvre museum.  This curator holds a secret that dates back to the days when Christ walked the Earth.  However, with the death of the curator the secret is in jeopardy of being lost forever.  Before he succumbs to death, the curator must find a way to pass along this secret and deliver it into the right hands.<br/>Dan Brown takes the reader on a thrilling, nail biting journey chock full of historical references and fascinating symbolism.  You won't be able to put this book down!
 Normally I am not one to enjoy a mystery story, but The Da Vinci Code changed by mind.  It took me a weekend to read this book and I could not put it down at all during that time.  With each turn of the page, the book becomes more and more addicting.<br/><br/>Before I started reading this, my freshman literature teacher gave me a warning.  She said that I should know that not everything written about the Catholic religion is true, but much of the information about the art is true.<br/><br/>Dan Brown took what would normally be a clichéd story of searching for the Holy Grail and spun it to be one that most have never read, much less heard of.  Brown brought a little known version of a story that most have heard time and time again to the masses, creating a cultural phenomena.  He infused well known art and history into his story.<br/>For some of the other reviews posted, many gave the book a low rating because of the inaccuracy of some of the information.  But does it really matter if the information is true or not?  In my opinion, it makes the story much more interesting rather than Brown stating facts that are known already.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is set to the backdrop of Paris, France.  Brown does a good job of highlighting many of the most famous paintings in the Louvre Museum, including the Mona Lisa and the Madonna on the Rocks.  Brown goes into detail about each painting, especially the Mona Lisa.<br/><br/>The two main characters, Robert Langdon and Sophie Nevue play well off each other at times.  Though the dialog can become a bit tiresome and repetitive.  Langdon does a great job of explaining the many aspects of the Grail world.  The one thing that I had a problem with was trying to keep each story and term straight and how it related to the Grail.<br/><br/>Overall, I really enjoyed reading the book.  Parts of the story were rather wordy but not to the point where it became unreadable.  The one thing that each reader should know before starting this book that not everything stated is real and it's a fiction book.  Just read it, don't live it.
 I'm not normally into paperback thrillers, but thought I'd give this particular book a go since I'm a bit of a (make that "lot of a") conspiracy/Fortean/Knights-Templars-are-the-Masons nut.<br/>As an introduction to said conspiracy theories surrounding Da Vinci, Jesus, Mary Magdalene, and the Templars, it's a quick read, though the author takes liberties with the original theories themselves (although if you don't believe any of the theories in the first place, this is hardly criticism).<br/>As a thriller, it's just dull. The lead characters spend their time running/driving from one place to another, with their enemies in hot pursuit (think Penelope Pitstop and the Hooded Claw). The characters are immemorable, and just mouthpieces for expositionary lumps of the above theories. The enemies come across as comical rather than forbidding, which they should be; it seems strange that a conspiracy that has some of the leading scientists and thinkers in world history at its heart only has a bunch of losers to oppose it (actually, there's not even enough of them to quantify as a "bunch").<br/>(...)
 This is one of those books that I avoided reading for a long time. Sure, it was popular, and it had an intriguing concept, and a lot of people thought it was very good. A lot of writer people, however, denigrated the book, saying it had too many adjectives and adverbs, among other things. When I finally did get around to reading it, I was surprised to find myself drawn inexorably into the story.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code begins with Robert Langdon being called to the Louvre museum, where there has been a bizarre murder. Langdon, an expert symbologist, winds up becoming both a suspect in the case and the only investigator who really understands it. Together with Sophie Neveu, a police cryptographer who turns out to be the victim's granddaughter, Langdon sets off on an urgent quest to solve the crime. As Langdon and Neveu race from clue to clue, the plot unfolds to huge proportions, including murderous conspiracies and secret societies, with nothing less than the Catholic church at stake.<br/><br/>As a story, The Da Vinci Code is very well done. It captures the reader's interest from the start and holds it throughout Langdon and Neveu's headlong dash through the night. The characters are well drawn, if awkward in places. The locales are exotic, and the settings intricately detailed. The plot itself is a masterwork. The fact that this book has spawned so many other books to discredit it is testimony to the authenticity and credibility of its voice.<br/><br/>To be honest, there are places in the book where the structure of the sentences falls into a pattern that is humorous and annoying if you recognize it. The vast intricacy of the plot and the convincing detail of the setting, however, more than compensate for any deficiency of character or sentence structure. As a writer, I found much more to covet here than to ridicule.<br/><br/>All in all, I think The Da Vinci Code is a new classic. Many people still discount the work, but I'm not sure how a true bibliophile could justify avoiding it. The book has become a phenomenon, an icon of modern success in the book industry. And, underneath it all, it really is a good story.
 It's a fun book. An airport or a beach type of book. It zings along with plenty of pace and a few nifty turns up shady alleys and dead ends. You should get a copy when you go on holiday... you will enjoy it.<br/><br/>HOWEVER- Dan Brown is no wordsmith- in fact he is a poor writer- a man who is not blessed with a decent understanding of grammar, syntax, language rules, nor does he possess a wide and powerful armoury of literary description nor  does it seem like he can develop a character - he is clichéd and passé. It has to be said though, that he does tell a ripping yarn ....<br/><br/>BUT- it is fun- just don't get carried away on the publicity tide and simply enjoy your holiday.<br/><br/>Can you imagine if Dan Brown, all plot, no writing prowess and Ian McKewan, an exquisite writer, who can't tell a story for the life of him, teamed up... not that would be worth the hype. (Unless of course the two negative bits were the ones that got together)
 I knew Dan Brown with "Angels and Demons". "The Da Vinci Code" is similar in its action and structure. I liked both books because they combine fiction with history and an excellent description of museums, churchs and other esoteric/historical landmarks.<br/>If you are looking for a literary book, this is not. HOwever, if you are looking for an excellent thriller, intelligent and very well written, this is the book.<br/>In fact, I want to read Brown's previous books.
 There seems to be an awful lot of hostility towards Dan Brown and his books, mainly by professional or amateur historians who are upset that he claims certain background elements of his books are accurate when they probably aren't.  I would just like to remind these people that this book is found in the "Fiction" section for a reason, and that the majority of people reading it are doing so to be entertained, not to learn religious history.<br/><br/>If you are looking to be entertained, this book does the job nicely.  It's a fast-paced, keep you guessing, edge or your seat, page-turner, or whatever other synonym you'd like to use.  The chapters are kept very short and nearly every one ends on some type of cliffhanger.  I'm not a *huge* fan of this style of writing; I believe it creates a sort of false sense of drama (particularly when the author deliberately withholds information from the reader that the characters themselves already know), but you can't say that it's not effective.  As annoyed as I got at times, the book was still very fun to read, and the story is very compelling.  It didn't sell millions of copies for nothing, you know?<br/><br/>If you're looking to study religious history, this book is probably not for you.  But you probably already knew that, so why would you even bother?
 This is my first Dan Brown book and I must admit, I was a little leery reading this book because of the book's popularity. Sometimes popular does not always mean better. However, 'The Da Vinci Code' is the exception. You do not need an extensive background in art or religion to enjoy this book. Mr. Brown covers those areas in detail in an easy understandable format. If you come from a religious background you may (or may not) accept the writings in the book.<br/>Please keep an open mind.
 I was surprised how much I enjoyed this book, the Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown. I have read that there are certain inaccuracies, but that did not bother because I know this is fiction. If I want to learn about the real thing I will geta  text book! The games (mind twisters) at the end are kind of silly, so I gave only four stars. But really and honestly, this is a book that you will keep reading. You will say "oh, I will read 10 more pages" and then you will read those and say the same thing again and again because it is very thrilling.
 Unfortunately I can't give this less than one star.<br/>I am not going to review this as a novel. If you read this as a novel you may enjoy it, I can't speak to individual tastes.<br/>This review is more for those of you who are in anyway duped by the author's claim to historical accuracy.<br/>Simply put, this is unimaginatively rehashed anti-Christian propaganda from days of old. That it is presented as a novel is simply to make it easier to sell. It is seriously remiss in some of it's blatant misinterpretations and outright falsehoods. By way of example, the Council of Nicea did not deify Christ. One has only to look to St Peter's words "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the Living God" in the Gospel of Matthew, St Paul's Letters "God sending his own Son", "the only begotten of the Father" St John's Gospel, never mind the voice from the sky at the transfiguration "This is my beloved Son", and so on, for it to be blindingly obvious from the earliest that Christ was revered as God made man.<br/>To then say that 250 years later the early Church Fathers rewrote swathes of text to present Christ as divine is the cheapest way out of an argument ever. "I make a claim that X is false." But the evidence disproves your claim. "Then the evidence has been doctored." Please. I hearby claim that Dan Brown is a short tentacled alien from Venus and that any evidence to the contrary has been doctored by people who wish to present him as human.<br/>This is tabloid history from the 'mud sticks' school of journalism that has no need of or regard for truth. It reminds me of one book claiming the Apollo moon landings had been faked that reinvented basic geometry to prove a point. Presumably they hoped the reader wouldn't notice.<br/><br/>The same trickery is in evidence here, as a particularly simple example for non-Christians shows. For more on this I would direct you to an earlier reviewer's (Evergreen, CO) nice summary of existing collections of Da Vinci's artwork including not least an early sketch of the Last Supper where the artist has labelled the figures. Shock horror, yes that figure is John, who is always depicted as young and clean shaven and not Mary Magdelene. If Brown the 'historian' can mislead you on these details don't kid yourself about the depths he will sink to to make money. After all, his making money is his and his publisher's main motive. Truth? Truth doesn't pay for his house.<br/>Ask yourself, why wouldn't Peter or Paul or James or any of the Gospel writers talk about Jesus being married, particularly Paul when defending his own right to have a wife (1 Corinthians)? Were they running a conspiracy whose nefarious aims were to ask people to love God and each other?! Oh no, that's right, their texts were doctored by short tentacled Venusians to hide the truth about the Moon landings.<br/>Spend your money more wisely and get some texts on logical poofs and fallacies so you can spot this sort of trash earlier next time.
 On the whole, I thought it was pretty disappointing. Yes it had some (many - too many) close calls, fast chases, with dozens of stereotypical cliches fighting for room on the page. There was some imaginative connect-the-dots stream-of-consciousness plot development which was interesting for minutes at a time.<br/><br/>My overall impression was that this was a starter mystery thriller for people who have never read a mystery thriller before. The heavily religious trappings probably lured in a whole group of people who were exposed for the first time to this kind novel. Hopefully it'll be a beginning for them, and they'll move on to the *good* authors.
 Secular readers of "The Da Vinci Code" have been given a unique opportunity to "proselytize" amongst their believer friends; all they have to do is recommend this historical-fiction best seller to them.<br/>By some stroke of good luck, I read the "Da Vinci Code" shortly after I had just finished "The Skeptical Feminist" by Barbara Walker.  And while the Walker book was published in 1987 (million or so copies sold), I was totally unfamiliar with it until recently.  I mention Brown's work at this time, because, if your readers really want to fully appreciate "The Da Vinci Code" reading "The Skeptical Feminist" first, will prove to be invaluable.<br/>While "The Da Vinci Code" is historical fiction (as is the Bible) there is enough merging of "actual" history, with an engaging mystery story, to make this book an easy, enjoyable read.
 i love the book. you get so many suprises during the story and makes us super exicited. great language and im only 13 years old but i still like the book. i enjoyed every bit and i believe I've built my vocabulary bit mote. I love mystery books and this book is a great one. I shall give you a gaurentee you will love the book.:)
 This was a fabulous, fast-paced, intriguing read.  The plot was as intricate as a maze and highly entertaining.  It was particularly fascinating to learn so much about the sacred Feminine throughout history.  I seldom read a book that teaches me something I never knew before..particularly in Math of all things.  I'm very happy to learn that Mr. Brown is working on a sequel.  I highly recommend this book if you're looking for an exciting, unputdownable read.  You won't be disappointed.
 If you enjoy well written books that completely pull you into the story, then "The Da Vinci Code" is not for you. After reading this book (it was a Christmas gift) I was astounded to hear that it's a best seller. As a fledgling writer myself, I was surprised to read so many novice writing errors in this supposed "professional" piece.<br/>"The Da Vinci Code" is a large push of pseudo-historical facts and suspence, but Brown fails in making his characters feel human. During the course of their two day quest, they do not stop to eat, sleep, or even use the restroom. There isn't even a comment on how the characters feel about the lack of these necessities. (No tiredness, no stomach growls, nothing.) Brown is so wrapped up in trying to make a good story that he forgets to make believable characters.<br/>When the bad guy was finally given an actual name instead of just "the teacher," I was completely disappointed. I actually didn't believe the antagonist was really who he said he was for several chapters. Why didn't I believe it? There is a blaringly obvious plot hole that Brown forgot to cover up, which prevents his antagnoist from being who he says he is. It's simply impossible.<br/>Oh, and the chapter lengths are just amusing. Apparently Brown doesn't know how to transition between scenes without making a new chapter. In this 454 page book, there are 106 chapters. (I'm calling the epilogue a chapter because it is.) This means each chapter is roughly 4 pages long. If this were an elementary book, I wouldn't be surprised at the short chapter lengths. But as a work of fiction for adults, I expect the author to learn how to transition scenes without making new chapters each time.<br/>Personally, I think I might have enjoyed this book if Brown had set it up as a simple historical mystery.  The cross-country chases and multiple gun-point standoffs quickly become tiresome and boring. The historical research is interesting, but "The Da Vinci Code" utterly fails as a good suspense novel.
 Most of the reviews I've read have been complimentary about The Da Vinci Code, The critics liked the book and it has become a runaway best seller, so I know I'm in the minority, when I say I thought the book was a bit lame.<br/>A book full of references to the Holy Grail, Opus Dei, the Knights Templar, the Priory of Sion, the Golden Ratio and symbology in famous art works should be interesting, and the Da Vinci Code was interesting. However I thought the main characters lacked depth, the wild assumptions and conclusions made by Langdon and Sophie continually stretched credibility and I thought the plot was predictable and started to run out of steam about half way through.<br/>I regularly read in reviews that this book is 'well researched', however the constant reference to Sir Leigh Teabing as 'Sir Teabing' rather than the correct (as any commonwealth citizen knows) Sir Leigh, gave me the distinct impression that the research was quick and superficial, or at the very least, the book was in need of some rigorous editing.<br/>It's a fast-paced easy read, but I could only give the Da Vinci Code three stars.
 ...except to write a review.<br/>My own personal opinion of this book is that it's a hell of a read.  It's cheap suspense at it's best - short chapters with cliff-hangers at the end, different people's stories intertwining, and plenty of promises to get a story out but the story doesn't come fast enough.  And I LOVE a good suspense novel, as cheap as it may be.<br/>Brown also tingles my senses by adding quite a bit of information about the history of Italian art and Christianity in general.  The 'facts' (as Dan Brown claims) are presented in a way to convince the reader of a conspiracy within the Catholic Church.  I find art history generally a bore, but conspiracy theories and theology are great fun to me, so I got trapped into learning about Leonardo.<br/>However, there are two things about this book that I disagree with:<br/>1) The way the facts are presented.  They're definitely shown in a way to present a particular argument that supports a negative recount of the Catholic Church's handling of Christ's story of existence.  I see very little evidence within the story to disprove these facts, if that's what they are.  I'm not a Christian (in fact, I abhor religion, monotheistic or polytheistic), but as a person who's fascinated by theology in general, I was disappointed to find only one side of the story here.  In fact, I'll bet that's why so many Christian readers are taking his writing a bit too personally.  In addition, some of the stuff he's presented as fact, not necessarily the stuff about theology, is pretty unrealistic.<br/>2) The characters were VERY unrealistic.  This guy knows nothing about character development or portrayal, or doesn't choose to.  That's a big disappointment.<br/>Overall, I'd say this bookd is entertaining in a "James Bond" sort of way, in that it's fun to read if you're willing to overlook the parts of it that are ridiculous.
 Fiction has gotten more interested in fast and cheap thrills. While "Code" is a good read, it conscientiously brings the reader to turn pages through use of short one-two page chapters and outcomes that are only casually disguised by superfluous reasonings. Regardless of the facts and conspiracy truths, Dan Brown's writing is simple minded and seems to be engendered toward the reader who has only a bare minimum time for sitting down with a book. No thought required, other than remembering what you read in the previous page.
 I think this is a book worth reading, not necessarily because it will win Pulitzer prizes (no such luck) but because it is creative, easy to read and intriguing in a way that a lot of books are not these days.  I read this book while away on a business trip and it filled my nights after hectic days of work.  I recommend this book for someone who just wants a fun thriller that is a page turner and not so difficult to follow that you need to be on your toes while reading.  The premise is intriguing enough to make you want to delve in and the twists and turns are suspenseful enough to make you want more.  Maybe the character development leaves a little to be desired but what is there is fun and entertaining.  Makes me want to buy another Dan Brown book when I am on a trip and looking for good company when I am away from my husband!  As a lawyer, difficult, complex reading is what I do at work.  I like the energetic novels for nighttime!
 Why did I read "The Da Vinci Code?" First, a couple of friends suggested that I do so.  One had begun reading it, and recommended it; the other had had it recommended to her, and wanted me to do the dirty work. Second, I noticed that it was incredibly popular.  There were 91 hold requests on it at the local public library.  I found a copy on the shelf at the university library, which was recalled the day after I checked it out, but that left me time to read it. Third, what I heard about it made it sound suspiciously familiar, but I couldn't be sure unless I read it myself.  So I did. I wasn't expecting "literature", contrary to what one of the other two thousand-plus reviewers said.  It was marketed as a thriller, and high literature rarely makes it onto the middlebrow New York Times best-seller lists unless Oprah recommends it. But even with my lowered expectations, I was startled at how bad the writing was.  Dan Brown is no John LeCarre, but he isn't even grand-master hack Lawrence Block.  Brown's somewhere down there with, say, David Baldacci, whose "Absolute Power" I once read with similar incredulity.  (Those who think "The Da Vinci Code" is the worst book ever written should try "Absolute Power."  Or something by Rita Mae Brown.) I know little about art history, or the geography of Paris.  But I'm pleased to see that Brown's factual inaccuracy wasn't limited to matters Biblical. The notion that Jesus wasn't considered "the son of God" by Christians until after 300, for instance, is absurd.  How "the son of God" was interpreted changed, but the terminology is at least as early as the apostle Paul. Brown clearly thinks that the Dead Sea Scrolls were Christian writings (nope, they were pre-Christian Jewish.) The Nag Hammadi "Gnostic" writings, far from challenging Jesus' divinity, exalt it even more.  They certainly don't show him as a human prophet. I'm no fan of Christianity in any of its forms, but Brown's fantasies are an embarrassment to any well-informed infidel.  That so many reviewers here claim that they've never run into these ideas before just shows how ill-informed most Christians are.  Brown's theories are derivative from start to finish. (Except maybe for his tribute to Walt Disney as a modern Da Vinci, an artistic genius of the same rank, a devout Goddess-worshipper secretly trying to keep the Divine Feminine Principle alive in his masterworks like "The Little Mermaid.")  ...
 A convoluted and improbable plot, one-dimensional characters speaking in stilted run-on sentences, and turgid, repetitive descriptive passages characterize Dan Brown's best-seller, "The Da Vinci Code."<br/>Compared to the work of more competent practitioners of the art of the globe-hopping action/adventure/mystery novel - Michael Crichton comes to mind -  Brown's work is pedestrian and overwrought.  Although prolix - the book is about 100 pages too long - the author fails to create adequate descriptions of people, or places, or objects.  After 450 some pages, the reader still has gotten few clues about matters so basic as the physical appearance of the principal characters - other than hair color!<br/>Descriptions of places - the Louvre, Westminster Abbey - are lifeless, and read as if written by one of the less gifted of Mr. Brown's former prep school students.<br/>The success of the book must be attributed to the publisher's (Doubleday) unprecedented marketing effort - distributing 10,000 advance copies of the book to booksellers and the media, and putting Mr. Brown - who had never before sold more than a few thousand copies of his earlier efforts - on extended publicity road trips to trade shows and booksellers.<br/>If you're looking for an intellectually challenging mystery story, reread Eco's "The Name of the Rose", or "Foucault's Pendulum".  For more vivid descriptions of people and places and events in an atmosphere of mystery, read Crichton, or Ian Fleming - or even Tom Clancy!<br/>For an example of how marketing hype can overcome critical judgment and influence popular taste, read "The Da Vinci Code".
 This badly informed book would have been less annoying if the author had avoided such outdated stereotypes as the supposed role of 'the Inquisition' in persecuting witches, or conspiracy-theory-type accounts of imaginary secret Christian societies and mysteries. This is all so derivative, and so wrong, and so boring.<br/>I don't care if historical novels are inaccurate--after all, they are not MEANT to be accurate, they are meant to be entertaining, and this book succeeds on that score. But I do care when heavily biased and badly outdated scholarship informs a novelist's view of the past--such as the nonsense about 'the Inquisition' persecuting witches. Dozens of good books on the history of witch-hunting have been published over the last three decades, and looking at one or two, instead of an older encyclopedia or Western Civ. textbook, might have pushed the author to avoid this old (Protestant) slur. The Catholic Church per se had little to do with witch-hunting, though many individual churchmen (and Protestants too, BTW) were guilty of all kinds of nasty things. I should also mention that a substantial portion of those persecuted as witches were men--in some parts of Europe, they were the majority of 'witches'! Anyone interested in this can read more in Andrew Gow and Lara Apps, Male Witches in Early Modern Europe (Manchester University Press, 2003).<br/>It'll be clear enough by now that I am a professor of history. However, I am not a Christian of any kind, so I don't have a particular warm spot for Rome--I'd just like to see less in the way of outdated views and vicious bias in books like this.
 It was a great FICTITIOUS book. The book was very intriguing and though provoking in the sense that you really could begin to doubt certain historic events and wonder whether the catholic church really did cover up some many things. I read the book after I watched the movie and I actually prefer the story that the book portrays, the movie doesn't seem as vivid as the scenes that come across while you're reading. Dan Brown really stirred the pot on conspiracy theories with this movie, however the use of all of the symbols is quite entertaining and you can really see all of the different shapes that are depicted in the book. All in all a great book.
 The biggest disappointment with this book is its dreadfully cheesy and anticlimactic ending.<br/><br/>I can put up with weird interpretations of well known works of art for the sake of a story, however far-fetched they may be, but a bad ending is dreadful.<br/><br/>And why is "The Last Supper" so crucial to the story? The painting is as relevant to the passion of Christ as Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer is to to the birth of Christ. Just look at the painting: it depicts a meal during the day being eat at a venue overlooking the ocean. The last supper was held at night in Jerusalem, not overlooking the Mediterranean. The "disciples" are eating fish and leavened bread, rather than unleavened bread and lamb, as required by a passover meal. Now we are supposed to believe this paining is trying to tell us the "truth" about Jesus. Give me a break.<br/><br/>Having set these blunders aside, it still makes for an entertaining story. Pity the narrator for the audio version can't do a decent French accent.
 What Dan Brown has done is take the book Holy Blood, Holy Grail and put it into a fictional plot. I find the theory of Jesus being married to Mary Magdalene a bit far fetched but there are small pieces of evidence in the new testament that Mary M. did things for him that only a wife was allowed to do. Example annoint him for burial, wash his feet etc. This book is not for Christian fundamentalists because they will find it very blasphemous. It is a nice little mystery/thriller plot with religious implications that are starting people thinking about things they have always taken for granted about Christianity.The plot is a typical Dan Brown plot formula:highly intelligent man gets involved with a highly intelligent woman, after her father is murdered,lots of mystery in who the real bad guy is, secret socities come into play, and the hero and heroine are together in the end.It is Dan Brown's situational settings that make his books so good. I will definately be going to see the movie.
 It seems that most of the reviews presented here were placed by people wanting this book to be flawed.  Why?  Probably due to its incredible success.  These are the same people who would review a best selling album and complain that while it was basically good they didn't absolutly LOVE every song on the album.  I was so intrigued by this book that I too took the time to research albeit not all too thoroughly a number of the points brought up by the author and found them to be pretty solid.  I found the book more empowering, uplifting, and genuine than anything I ever learned in Catholic school or at church.  While I do not blame religion for the ruin of the world I do believe that many religious values are archaic and do not apply to today's world.  I also beleive that were everything in this novel proven to be true most of the world would still choose not to beleive just as some believe that we never walked on the moon and that Nazi concentration camps didn't really exist.  If you beleive everything respresented in the Passion of the Christ is "gospel" and everything represented in things like Farenheit 911 are nothing but propaganda than you can gain nothing from reading this book.  It will not provide answers to deep questions, it will not cure you, it will not make sense of the world, but it will broaden your perspective, allow you to question freely, and MAKE YOU THINK.  Still above all it will without a doubt entertain you through and through.
 Brown's noval is a barn-burner -- you will not be able to put it down, and I'm not kidding.  That said, there is a difference between historical fiction (which this is not) and fiction that employs a semblance of history as a fictional artifice.  Most of the stuff here that is presented as historical fact was debunked by major-league historians in the 1980s.  The ancient Priorie de Sion, for example, was utterly subsumed by the Jesuits in the 1600s and never resurrected until the late 19th century.  Les Dossiers Secrets was proven to be a recent forgery by the Bibliotheque Nationale about five years ago.  The Knights Templar were persecuted and ultimately eliminated because they were using their unparalleled banking network to essentially blackmail the cash-poor monarchs of Europe who wanted their wars financed.  Greed, not religion, prompted their end.  So, the novel is terrific, but be wary of confusing it with a historical relevation based in fact.
 Don't take this book too seriously, it was a great Indiana Jones sort of read that takes you through France and Great Britian in a race to reach the Holy Grail.  The fun is in all the little revelations about art, science and religion that Dan Brown offers up.  Although I feel he may have taken some literary license with the facts, I still enjoyed this book much more than what the average pop fiction novel has to offer.<br/>Read it for fun and not for the facts - a great summer page-turner.
 OK, I'm not opposed to the possibility that Jesus Christ was married and had a child, but much of this book's views on current religions are very insulting!  Most of the "evidence" that the author relies on is flimsy at best.  Some of the theories he presents on various symbolism are intriguing to contemplate, but they are very weak as presented in this story.  As far as the story involving a French Cryptographer, what was the need?  There is nothing more complicated in this mystery than a few grade school riddles and a simple rotational substitution cypher.  If the Priory of Scion was seriously trying to protect their secret, why would they pick passwords like sofia and apple?  And to use the Fibonacci series of numbers for your bank vault password is ridiculous!  The only thing good about this book is it might intrigue some to do more in depth research on some of the topics highlighted in the book.<br/>Oh, and can you say double entendre again???
 I read this a few years back and decided to write a quick review, now that the movie has been out for a while. First and foremost...of course the book is better than the movie.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code is one of those books that keeps you interested all the way through. It's both exciting and suspenseful. During and after you read it you will want to re-search the paintings and locations of the book, out of sheer curiosity. I very much enjoyed it.
 This novel is basically an excuse for Dan Brown to expose some pet theories about DaVinci, the Holy Grail, and some intruiging notions about the history of the Christian church.  Worthy and fascinating topics, if handled correctly.  Unfortunately, Brown decides to dump all of these ideas into the middle of a half-baked police thriller filled with cardboard cut-out characters.  The plot starts well but then rapidly disintegrates into one near-miss and close-escape after another, getting more and more unbelievable as it progresses.  By the time I reached the end I just wanted to throw the book across the room and yell out, YEAH RIGHT....<br/>But... that being said.... i read it in one night.  It keeps the pages turning.  The best part is the historical discussions and theories.  In the hands of more skilled writer, this would be a fanstastic concept for a novel.  Something a bit longer and more detailed, and not trapped within the lame framework of a made-for-TV-movie potboiler.<br/>A great opportunity wasted.  Still, I recommend it just for exposing readers to some very interesing ideas and theories.
 I'm an evangelical Christian who has studied the history.  I wanted to read this book for myself to see what all the fuss was about.  It was a mixed bag for me.<br/><br/>I give the book 5 stars for the exciting plot.  I love a good mystery, the bigger and more intricate the better, and this delivered quite nicely.<br/><br/>I give the writing itself 4 stars.  Brown isn't a spectacular writer, but it's good enough to move the story along.<br/><br/>I give the history 2 stars.  Full length books have been written explaining how terrible of a historian Brown is.  I guess it depends what you are expecting, entertaining fiction all the way through or true history with a fictional story overlaid.  I can't speak to the conspiracy theory history of the Catholic Church and the other secret societies, so maybe he is 100% correct there.  However, when it comes to basic facts like how the canon of Scripture came to be, how old our oldest copies of the New Testament are, the history and culture of the 1st century, he is laughably wrong.  Any 1st year history student could spot his errors.<br/><br/>I give 1 star for the explicit promotion of goddess-worship, including explicit descriptions of their rituals, etc.  I guess some people might find that entertaining.  I didn't.<br/><br/>So, all told?  3 stars.<br/><br/>I definitely recommend reading the illustrated version, with pictures of all the paintings, buildings, drawings, landscapes, maps, etc.  It wouldn't have been nearly as interesting without those.
 I recently finished reading THE DA VINCI CODE. I must say, it is a very riveting novel. As a Catholic, however, I noticed that the book did have a decidedly anti-Catholic slant. By this I do not mean that Dan Brown bashed Catholics. I mean that some important things that were said about the Church were, perhaps, not as well-researched as they could have been.<br/>THE DA VINCI CODE is, of course, a work of fiction. And, as such, it was enjoyable. Many people will learn quite a bit from this novel. Unfortunately, many people unfamiliar with authentic Catholicism may get a very negative impression of the Church since they might assume that all of the historical references are accurate and meticulously verified. After reading this book, I have come to conclude that this is simply not the case. Which is unfortunate because the book is a runaway bestseller and many will assume that its references to the Church are all accurate.<br/>Brown's novel seems to have many historical inaccuracies. One example of this is found on page 233 of the book. A character named Sir Leigh Teabing, who is a Grail authority, is discussing the history of the Grail. He is speaking with two other characters in the story -- Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu. Teabing tells them that the belief in the divinity of Jesus was something that the Council of Nicaea, in effect, made up in 325 AD. Leigh Teabing says to Sophie Neveu, "My dear, until that moment in history, Jesus was viewed by His followers as a mortal prophet...a great and powerful man, but a man nonetheless. A mortal." Sophie Neveu then asks, "Not the Son of God?" Teabing then responds, "Right. Jesus' establishment as 'the Son of God' was officially proposed and voted on by the Council of Nicaea."<br/>The fact is that up until the Council of Nicaea, there were a variety of opinions as to the nature of Jesus Christ. The idea of Jesus being human and divine was very difficult for people to fathom back then. And it is still difficult to comprehend today. Some pre-Nicene Christians believed that Jesus was God, but not really a true human being. One of the big reasons that Gnosticism was ruled a heresy by the Nicene Council was ostensibly because they believed Jesus to be divine but not human. Conversely, another group known as Arians were also branded as heretics ostensibly because they believed Jesus to be a human but not God. All Christians, however, believed Jesus to be the Son of God in whatever way they may have understood this at the time. To imply, as I think Dan Brown does, that the Council of Nicaea proposed this new concept of Jesus' divinity in 325 AD is a misleading oversimplification at best.<br/>The assertion in this book that Christians did not view Jesus as the divine Son of God until the Council of Nicaea is factually incorrect. Yes, there were diverse opinions about Jesus' nature in the early church. And some Christians did not understand Jesus to be God per se. But, the majority of the Christians did not view Jesus as simply a mortal prophet. And Mary Magdalene certainly viewed Jesus as divine. We see this in both the New Testament and the Nag Hammadi Library.<br/>What Dan Brown's character goes on to say about the Dead Sea Scrolls and the Nag Hammadi Library can also be very misleading. He says the following:<br/>***Fortunately for historians, some of the gospels that Constantine attempted to eradicate managed to survive. The Dead Sea Scrolls were found in the 1950s (sic) hidden in a cave near Qumran in the Judean desert. And, of course, the Coptic Scrolls (sic) in 1945 at Nag Hammadi. In addition to telling the true Grail story, these documents speak of Christ's ministry in very human terms.<br/>(THE DA VINCI CODE, page 234).***<br/>The Dead Sea Scrolls were discovered in 1947 (not the 1950s). They do not mention Jesus Christ at all. And they were hidden in those caves c. 70 AD, some 250 years before the Council of Nicaea for reasons that had absolutely nothing to do with the as yet unborn Emperor Constantine at all.<br/>The Nag Hammadi texts are incorrectly called "scrolls" in this book. They were, in fact, codices. And they do not mention anything about Jesus and Mary Magdalene having children, being married, or having a sexual relationship at all. Mary Magdalene is referred to as the disciple whom Jesus loved and as the "companion" of Jesus. And, granted, some have translated the Coptic word as "consort" rather than "companion." But I think its a leap to say that these documents tell "the true Grail story" based on this. Furthermore, since the Nag Hammadi texts were probably compiled by Gnostics, in them a great emphasis is placed on the divine Risen Jesus who is alive and revealing his divine glory to a select group of people, particularly Mary Magdalene. I would hardly call the image of Jesus in the Nag Hammadi texts as that of a mortal prophet.<br/>Normally, nitpicking about the accuracy of statements of fact in a novel would be a bit much. After all, an author is entitled to a certain amount of creative license. However, I comment on these historical innaccuracies in light of Dan Brown's own statement on the first page preceding his Prologue. Under the heading "Facts" he writes: "All description of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals in this novel are accurate." Clearly, some of them, as pointed out here, are not.<br/>On the whole, however, the book was very interesting. I think many people will learn alot of interesting things about the Quest for the Grail, the Templars, Leonardo da Vinci, the secret societies...etc. I was disappointed with the way the book seems to paint the Catholic Church in a negative light with broad brushstrokes. Dan Brown should have made more of an effort to be more historically accurate. I, for one, am not an authority on the Grail history. And I think I learned a lot about it by reading this novel. But, after seeing the way the Dead Sea Scrolls, the Nag Hammadi Library, and the Council of Nicaea were discussed in this book, I now feel the need to double check all of the purported facts outlined in this novel.
 This is the book that stimulates learning in many forms.  It forces a reader to contemplate beliefs and understandings on religion, politics, history, geography, mathmatics, art, technology, truth, lies, secrets and wisdom to name a few. The book is impossible to put down.  Dan Brown is the ACE of authors.  I recommend that everyone read this book.  This is an expertly written book that will be discussed for a long time. It inspires a reader with a quest for learning that continues after you finish the book.  See if you can finish the book without researching the art of DaVinci.  It will be one of many things you will want to learn more about.
 This book was recommended to me by my roommate. It started out as all she promised it would be, thrilling, engrossing and griping. But somewhere along the line it starts losing you. The author makes feeble attempts to draw you in again, by throwing in alarming facts and figures, not so cryptic puzzles and controversial details but it just makes each chapter shorter and more confusing. Brown does not let you savour the thrill of each chase, he cuts them short and leaves you hanging and perplexed.<br/>I think that Da Vinci Code has made people think, in more ways than one. People are going back and reading the scriptures, talking to priests and using a million image searches to find pictures of the last supper. The book is a work of fiction but has gone to prove how gullible people are, reading the book and re-evaluating their faith. It makes one wonder how masses can be stirred to one direction after reading the book and the very same people, after watching Gibson's movie show so much devotion to the faith they questioned before.<br/>The Da Vinci Code is loosely based on events from the Bible and that is where the similarity ends.<br/>Prathima Rodrigues
 At best Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code is just a mediocre modern day mystery with religious conspiracy overtones. The characterization seems like it came straight out of a 70's made for TV movies. If you have read any mysteries before the plot is paper thin, the first time the true villain makes an appearance, it is basically a "well isn't that contrite" moment. But it is a fast EASY reading novel. This book is just fine for lounging on the beach or passing the time on a cross country airline flight.<br/><br/>Some people take the conspiracy overtones to being anti-catholic. I think this is just nonsense but if you are sensitive to this sort of thing you might be offended by this book. Althogh, there are some kooks that think this book is about reality, instead of fiction,<br/><br/>A much more interesting book, in a similar venue (modern day mystery with religious conspiracy overtones), is Foucault's Pendulum by Umberto Eco. Be forewarned, Eco's novel is a MUCH more challenging read but in the end is a more enjoyable novel. It is analogous to comparing cotton candy (Da Vinci Code) to a 12 course gourmet dinner (Foucault's Pendulum). Both will satisfy hunger, both are a type of food, but the popular one is something which can be consumed casually and in the end leaves you wondering if you should have made an effort to consume something that would have been more fulfilling.
 I rarely read books with so much media hype surrounding them, but the premise of this book piqued my interest. As an art lover and a spiritual person, I was looking forward to an interesting read.<br/>I was incredibly disappointed.<br/>I hope no one finds offense in this next statement, but this book was written for the masses.  The writing is... obvious. No thinking required. It's a good book to take on vacation, or to read while on break from grad school, like I am. It is not an intellectual endeavor, by any means! With that said, it was certainly entertaining, and I'm wondering if the movie is already in the works. Robert Langdon is likened to Harrison Ford early in the story, and I don't think this was an accident. The reader is stuck with the mental image of Ford as Langdon. (not such a bad thing, of course, but it adds to the Hollywood movie feel of the book!)<br/>The potential in this book is endless, and I believe it could have been a masterpiece.  Sadly, the claims on the jacket are simply hype... Nelson DeMille claims the work of "pure genius" lies within the pages of this book, but I fail to see it!<br/>Every single symbol is explained and explained again, in case you forgot the first explanation. This certainly takes the fun out of symbolism, if you ask me. Every chapter is written with this cliffhanger, Hollywood-esque style, which keeps you turning pages in the beginning but gets tiresome after a while.<br/>I love the theories surrounding the Holy Grail and Mary Magdalene, and I find the beliefs in the sacred feminine incredibly intriguing. I find it funny when devout Roman Catholics denounce this fictional book as heresy... these closed-minded reviews just add to the controversy and help support opposing theories. In my opinion, Roman Catholicism is the nuttiest and most corrupt religion out there.  More people should examine the ancient beliefs in the sacred feminine, something that has been sadly eradicated from the Catholic Church. This idealogy is explored in The da Vinci Code, and I found the history quite interesting.<br/>One last thing, in response to some of the reviews I've read - it's difficult to take people's reviews seriously when they can't even keep the story straight. Sophie Neveu was Sauniere's granddaughter in the book, not his daughter, as I have read too many people say.  It's an important detail, as the reader finds at the very end of the story. Speaking of the end, that was my favorite part of the book. I saw it coming and was annoyed to have the writer present it as such an amazing revelation, but Sophie's reunion with her family members help tie the story together and add a little depth to otherwise incredibly shallow characters. The end was also my favorite part of the book because, well, I could finally stop reading it! Throughout the story, I kept waiting for Brown to redeem himself as a writer but it never happened.<br/>All in all, I feel it could have been a great book but it was mediocre at best. Some of the historical stories and symbols have grabbed my attention though, and I look forward to reading more about these intriguing topics.
 If you have already read this book, then you can check the facts. He cant get the correct date for the Qumran discovery, how can he pretend to give any other factual information. I recomend the dictionary of Apologetics by Norm Geisler for the answers to these weak suppositions.( apologetics are NOT apologies, they are the giving of an answer for the REASON behind your faith). The christian faith has nothing to fear from this sort of sensationalastic endeavor, but I wanted to warn any new christians about this book. It is not a christian book! Those who think this book is good-natured fun are mistaken. Re-writing history is serious no matter what kind of history you're talking about, fiction or not. However I will say one thing about the gnostic gospels that may make it clearer... In a thousand years when someone discovers a copy of the national inquirer, who is going to explain it to them!
 This well researched book is as much an adventure as it is a compilation of secrets. You will learn things in this book that many people wish to keep from you. Historical facts in this book will make you question your religious viewpoints and your Church. I want to read all of Dan Brown's books. Don't forget to check out his website after you are finished the book. It is one the best author sites that I have ever seen and is a great source for more information on the book. Also don't forget the Webquest. It will take you on your own little race through the internet.
 The illustrated collector's edition really helped me enjoy this novel.  It has a lot of pictures of each of the clues/painting which help enrich the story, especially since this fictional tale takes place using real world art work.
 Here are a couple definitions for the uninitiated:<br/>~Fiction, a literary work based on the imagination and not necessarily on fact<br/>~Fiction, 1. the class of literature comprising works of imaginative narration. 2. Something invented or imagined, esp. a made up story.<br/>FACT: Dan Brown had his book "The Da Vinci Code" published as a work of FICTION.<br/>FACT: All complaints based on supposed inaccuracies in a book of FICTION are UTTERLY UNFOUNDED.<br/>Anyone who has entered a review containing complaints as to the content of this book are ignorant of the definition of the word FICTION. (see above)  DUH, it's NOT SUPPOSED TO BE FACT! IT'S MADE UP! IT'S ENTERTAINMENT! IT'S FAKE! Just like our President's intelligence.<br/>This is an entertaining book of FICTION. Though it may not be exceedingly well written it is still indeed entertaining. I was satisfied with it as a work of FICTION. And I highly recommend it as a book of FICTION. The best thing about this book is that, as a work of FICTION, it has motivated people to get off their couches and learn more by reading non-fiction books, which this is not!
 It is nice to see Dan Brown place scholars into the action hero role and bring subjects of science and culture into his plots.  Da Vinci Code as well as Brown's other novels are very readable and interesting.  This said, Brown is quite  formulaic with his plots, there is the mystery, action, boy meets girl theme regularly repeated in all his 4 books.  But Dan  Brown weaves this pattern with good technique and lots of interesting information on the side.<br/><br/>There is another pattern which Dan Brown consistently repeats.  He takes a valid, exciting question, be it the Holy Grail<br/><br/>Da Vinci Code), extraterrestrial life (Deception Point), secret societies (Angels and Demons) or digital privacy (Digital Fortress) and builds a whole mystery around it, only to downplay the question in the end.  Dan Brown seems to be telling the  reader something like: "I know you have heard of the Grail, ET's, secret societies, government intrusion and so on and are  wondering about these admittedly captivating things.  Now let me tell you what: There's no real mystery.  These are either  deceptions by lone plotters or rogue agencies or innnocent hobbies of scholars.  Don't worry, go back to sleep, don't ask  questions.  There is no transforming esoteric knowledge behind the Grail, no ET presence, no hidden power elite, no  unbreakable code.<br/><br/>As concerns the Grail, Brown's scholarship has been criticized by many.  There is more to it than Brown addresses. For example, the book From Scythia to Camelot by Scott Littleton and Linda Malcor makes a strong case for a Grail mythos that  predates Christianity by far.  In Secret History, Laura Knight Jadczyk pieces together the esoteric elements of the divine  feminine and the Grail ensemble, among many other threads of our past.<br/><br/>It is on one hand good that Dan Brown brings his topics into the spotlight.  But the reader who is looking for knowledge of these matters should not stop with Brown's scholarship or Brown's conclusions.  These belitttle very complex and deep  questions.
 I am not much of a reader but this book grabbed me instantly. Not only was it upbeat the whole time, it was interesting enough to keep me from getting bored. Another thing I really enjoyed about this book is that it intrigued me to an extent, but not enough to keep me up at night. Reading The Da Vince Code didn't seem like a punishment for me to read like other books because I enjoyed it so much. All of the different characters coming together really summed up the confusing parts in the book. This book included historical nonfiction and it also included fiction. The book took many turns and the unexpected events happening made it much better. I actually learned from reading this. I would definitely not base my spiritual and religious beliefs on this book. Dan Brown is an amazing author to have thought of a novel like this one that captures the readers attention so quickly. I would recommend reading this novel 100% to anyone. Although I am not much of a reader, I will not hesitate to pick up another book by Dan Brown.
 A page truning novel which catches you from the first moment.  A murder in the Louvre, a chase across Paris, a mystery which goes back centuries.  It's all a great read for a cold winter's night.  But part of the fun is the pretense that there is a fact based story inderlying the mystery.  Jesus had a wife, Mary Magdelaine, who is the Holy Grail and secret societies, persecuted by the Church, have been protecting these truths through the many centuries, including Leonardo da Vinci in his time.  Unfortunatley the underlying research is flawed in many respects.  The 'facts' are largely based on "Holy Blood, Holy Grail", which is a collection of amusing speculation tieing disparate bits of story, information and coincidences together and, in some cases, ignoring established facts.<br/>Enjoy it as a novel. Ignore it as history.
 The casual reader will probably find the Da Vinci code spellbinding, mainly due to the bombastic nature of the conspiracy. The first page of the book  anointes the historical details underpinning the conspiracy  as matters of established "fact". The cardboard characterizations, pedantic action, self-effacing expository and flat prose of the book take a back seat as long as the reader is under the belief that Dan Brown is in the know and you are not, that he has researched what he is writing about, as any credible author would, and that the historical details enumerated are indeed "established facts".  As long as the reader is under the spell of the books factual imperviousness,  the conspiracy at the center of the book will be enough to beguile you into overlooking the books otherwise considerable shortcomings. So here is the rub - Dan Brown didn't do any real research for this book.  Zip. None. Zero.  The "facts" presented are so far from being historically accurate as to be ludicrous, reckless and downright duplicitous.  Brown goes out of his way to avoid facts so well established by both sides of the isle as to effectively pull a gigantic "gotcha" on the reader. The story is only interesting and engaging if you are under the belief it's based in historical facts, as Brown brazenly attempts to do. Take that away and it becomes simply a waste of time - a porous work of fiction lightly masking the authors puzzling agenda. Among the numerous and mind numbingly inaccurate details are his parallels of Mithrailism to Christian cornerstones like the resurrection,  when in fact Mithraic Scholars attest there is no Mithraic resurrection or  even death. He completely ignores the resurrection as the driving central belief of the early Christian church. He totally misstates Constantine's role in the Council of Nicea, ignoring the fact Constantine had no role whatsoever in the Canonization of the Bible. Brown can't even get simple details correct like the Dead Sea Scrolls. They were discovered in 1947, not the 50's and no Gospels were contained in the scrolls contrary to Browns "facts".  Readers who leave intact the veneer of "fact" the story needs to weave it's spell will most likely find the book engaging. Once the reader realizes the joke is on him, he or she will have difficulty finishing the book. The upside however, is the book may spurn readers to do their own research and teach them to be wary of demagogues cloaked in scholarship. In fact, Brown inspired me to think of a new word - fugenda: a fuge like state involving the blatant omission or revision of facts to satisfy a personal agenda.
 I rate this item a 0.<br/><br/>Please keep in mind this book is a work of fiction; I strongly encourage you to discover the Truth about Jesus Christ, and read the Bible!<br/><br/>I have learned more than enough about The da Vinci code from The History Channel; enough to know I have no intentions on throwing my money away on this book. I will not support this book in any way.<br/>This book is irreverent, sacrilegious. I consider it an insult to the true Christian.
 Certainly The Da Vinci Code is a very easy read indeed. Each chapter is a cliff-hanger, so it's nearly impossible to put the book down in good conscience. It is a thriller on a higher level than most, it is intellectual to some extent. To many readers, it opens up a whole new way of perceiving history, and it is sure to augment your interest in art history. However, it is a book somewhat intended for the mass market. To intellectuals, it is a good read about an interesting subject; to the less informed it's an epiphone.<br/>I must admit that in places, Dan Brown goes a bit overboard with his message, but the main gist of the book is captivating. It isn't that his message is something new; movies like The Last Temptation of Christ deal with a similar subject, but Dan Brown puts his message in a form much more friendly to the masses by writing a hard-to-put-down thriller. Even if you don't agree with Brown, it's still a good read.
 After reading this book, I think I can offer an opinion of the book itself with tainting it with religious dogma. This is a great book. The fact that it's at the top of the best seller lists restores my faith in the American reader.<br/>This book will without a doubt eventually be turned into an incredible film. I can see a film very similar in pacing and character to Grisham's THE FIRM.<br/>  As to the religious zealots that cannot even address the topics this book without injecting their dogma, I am reminded of how blind they are to the original meaning of the word faith.  People with such strong religious beliefs should invite discussion and opposing views. One thing this book has certainly done is INCREASE the discussions of God and religion -- and that should be seen as positive by peoples of all faiths.<br/>  To react with anger and fright to this book shows a probable pre-existing crisis in faith in these reviewers and I can only hope that Dan Brown will follow this with an even bolder novel to shake these people thoroughly into fits of self-righteous delirium.
 Da Vinci Code proves to be a great story, cleverly written and quite a yarn. The Special Illustrated edition really advanced the story since the book shows prints of many of the arts, photos of buildings and  European locations as mentioned in the story. It really does helped to have the print of the Last Supper in front of you as the mystery unfold in the book. For many of us who never been Europe, such illustrations proves to be very helpful and I was more then happy to pay a little more if that enchane the story further.<br/><br/>But after reading the book, I can understand why some of the people wrote negative reviews and picked at it. The main theme of the story would offend many who take their Christian faith very strongly and don't tolerate much lee way on the subject. Just look at that Martin Scorsese's film on Christ as a prime example of why this book got slam-dunked by many reviewers! If you are such a person who is dogmatic regarding your Christian faith, it may be that this book may not find your favor regardless of its fictional nature.<br/><br/>The book combined elements of history, art and religion into the story. Some of the information are true, some are not and others stretch the fabic of truth and fiction for story's sakes. But the combination of all of the above is the primary reason why this book proves to be so entertaining, that the reader cannot tell fact from fiction, generating interest, debates and research among the readers.<br/><br/>This book is a definite page-turner. Like it or not, you would feel compelled to read on, perhaps in pleasure, perhaps in anger but it will keep most readers glue to the end. While no great literature as some reviewers would write, its still a great story.
 I took "The Da Vinci Code" to be what it was intended to be by the author, namely, a fictional mystery story that utilizes a huge amount of historical, religious, and cultural research. If you do the same, you'll find it to be a great read. Dan Brown did a wonderful job of giving the reader an education that is, at the same time, fun and interesting by brilliantly presenting true history, religion, and cultural information within the framework of a fictional mystery story. The only other book I have seen that does that is Norman Thomas Remick's "West Point...Thomas Jefferson" which also quite brilliantly presents true history and philosophy within the framework of a HarryPotter-like fantasy.<br/>  Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" is truly a unique and memorable book. If you are a lover of books and learning, I recommend that you do not miss reading this book (nor Remick's, either).
 It was the rage of the past several months so I had to check this out. It is a great book of fiction, fast paced with a lot of intrigue and mystery. The main reason it is so powerfull a book is because of it's earth shattering conspiracy, bigger and more incredible than any conpiracy theory ever made. It questions the legitimacy/credibility rocking the base of a religion which is practised by almost 1 in 3 people in the world - The world is 33% christians. (19 % muslims,13 % hindus,chinese 6 % , buddhist 6% , 2.5 % athiest ...etc). Ofcourse as of now it is fiction, but well researched stuff ranging from documents to da vinci paintings. Locales are world famous meuseums,monuments and landmarks, its almost a bus tour of france packaged with some intellectual documenatary (discovery channel) kind of sections spoken by the characters through which the author unwraps the "The worlds best kept lie". Offcourse the theme of the book it seems has been the research of a large no of ppl who have written a large number of books on this topic. But Dan Brown here has been a bestseller because he has fictionalised the whole thing which kind of made it more approchable as a light read for someone wanting to read a good yarn but in the process got hooked onto something bigger. As Mr Dan Brown says this novel may open the door for most readers into a journey of exploration leading to other serious non-fiction books on the same premise but neverthless which are actually serious treatises and researches on the topic dealt with in this book. Nothing wrong with that and its a damn good read. The pages zip past you.Thumbs up !!!
 This an excellent mystery book, combined with a dose of controversial historical perspectives, including confluence of ideas related to biblical themes (Jesus and Mary Magdalene); the Crusades (the Grail and the knights Templar); and conspiracy theories (masons; world domination, etc.).<br/>In my opinion, this book is best suited either for: (1) those interested in the topics enumerated above; or (2) by those looking for an engaging mystery book.<br/>I found that I knew many of themes and theories in the book, and therefore the real was not as surprising as it is apparently for others.
 I liked this book more the first time I read it, when it was called Holy Blood, Holy Grail.  The Priory of Sion, Leonardo da Vinci the occultist, Catholic conspiracies, this material has all been covered many times before, Mr. Brown's much touted "research" notwithstanding.  The author's main achievement has been putting these polished little gems of Western religious counterculture in a briskly entertaining format with genuine mass market appeal, something that Mr. Eco and the authors of the aforementioned title lacked the marketing savvy (or desire) to do in their own efforts.  So chalk this one up as a success in the emerging paranoid-religious-occult genre, the title keywords being Freemasonry, Rosslyn, Templars, Holy Grail, and so on and so forth.  If you're looking for something a little meatier, I suggest the book I mentioned previously.  It is especially delectable for the way in which the authors are manipulated by the propaganda they are researching.
 Good settings, nice fast-paced plot, and it holds a reader's interest well. It is fiction, as I think is too often forgotten, and it is a rather simple, thin (far-fetched) sort of tale when you get right down to it. I liked it, but I found that within days of completing it, I forgot much of what went on. I also failed to see why the whole "sacred feminine" religion was necessarily any better than Christianity, and in its holy orgies and etc. in some ways seemed undignified. As far as books go, TDVC was never boring and had a couple twists here and there that should surprise most readers. The movie version should also be interesting.
 This is definitely a novel that I won't soon forget and will read again in the future.  There are many facts to learn in this book.  The only difficult thing to remember is that there are also fictional elements as well and it is sometime difficult to distinguish between them.<br/>Brown has written a story the way it should be written.  It is thrilling and leaves the reader wanting more.  The story is a maze of ancient themed riddles that involve the most famous famous works of art, mythology, and history.  I was fascinated by the many turns of events and now consider this book among my favorites.  A definite recommendation for The Da Vinci Code!
 Be careful reading this book. One may fancy it as a modern-day exciting mystery-thriller, but it really is a front to what is Roman Catholic bashing at its best.  It really traps the uninformed reader pulling the wool over its starving eyes and rivets him/her using a lot of high-powered Enquirer type treatise.  Lots of information on the book presented as "facts" are simply preposterous misrepresentations such as the patriarchy-based hierarchy which dates back to thousands of years before the Christian Church came into being. Magdalene, too, which the book says the Church has thrashed, is actually regarded as one of the its greatest Saints; in the Bible, she is mentioned as the sole benefactor of being the first ever witness of the risen Christ. It also mentions that the Bible itself (specifically the new testament) is touted as a bunch of literary fiction fabricated by Constantine when it was the Church that compiled the now known books of the Bible; funny thing is that the book bases most of its fact-finding premises on the Bible!  The notion of sex being demonized by the Church is another great myth perpetuated by the book, when Marriage is one of the Sacraments in the Church instituted by Christ. A lot of modern day new age type ideas being thrown at the uninformed reader, masked as truth by leveraging a lot of age-old misrepresentations and lies about the Church. The book crumbles as it produces its anti-climactic epilogue - a problem when you base your plots and themes on misrepresentations and lies it catches up with you. I think we've just been ushered into the "Fast Food era of Mystery Books" where there's a lot of taste and spices, but no real substance.
 The Da Vinci Code is a beautifully written novel that is carefully, yet perfectly intertwined and pieced together. Its plot is fascinating and captivating; I found it extremely difficult to put the book down. When Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is called to a crime scene to help investigate the murder of an elderly curator of the Louvre, he doesn't know what he's gotten himself into. Langdon soon finds himself mixed up in a muddle of puzzles and enigmas with cryptologist, and granddaughter of the curator, Sophie Neveu. But nothing is as it seems after the discovery of this curator's membership in a clandestine brotherhood, the Priory of Sion, is unveiled. This ancient brotherhood holds an ultimately powerful, historical secret which is desired by more than just Neveu and Langdon. In a battle of wits against an unknown powerbroker who hasn't ceased to track them flawlessly, the pair struggle throughout Paris and beyond to uncover some of history's most prestigious riddles. Clearly The Da Vinci Code is a novel in which no one can pass up the opportunity to read. It was one of my personal favorite books that I've read.<br/><br/>This particular novel is rich and overflowing with knowledge. I love to read books in which I learn a lot of interesting facts without knowing it. This was certainly one of those books. The Da Vinci Code drew me in as a reader and wouldn't let me back out, which is another quality in books that I love. The main source of this quality comes from the fascinating story plot, as well as the writing style. During the journey throughout the novel, the reader feels a sense of being in the dark constantly. Naturally, one feels that when in the dark, they need to keep reading and reading until they're back in the light. This is precisely what happened to me, and most of my peers who read it. The continuous mysteries, shocking exposures, and baffling riddles keeps the reader drawn in throughout the course of this novel. These are all the reasons why The Da Vinci Code is not only a book I'd recommend to anyone my age or older, but it is also a novel in which I found few flaws.
 I've read a lot of the reviews about the historical accuracy of this fictional book and think that people are just missing the point.<br/>Similar to Michael Crighton's style, this author has done a tremendous job of wrapping an intelligently written fictional story around some factual historical locations,  theories, items, etc...<br/>Don't try to anlyze the historical accuracy to death and just enjoy the story.  It is an engrossing tale that once you start you can't put down until it's done.  This book is excellent and I highly recommend it to anyone.
 I found this to be a really annoying, and - in the audio format - annoyingly-told story. It sounds like a screenplay, with symbolism, mystery, and trivia that are so mediocre... how best to describe it? Here, read the book if you think this is fascinating: the orange is a symbol of the divine feminine because it's round like a mother's womb. If that doesn't blow you away, read something else.<br/><br/>The two leads are so stereotypical, it hurts. Lastly, the guy reading the audio version puts on these heavy nasal French accents that actually impede understanding of what's being said, and then he has French people speak to each other in these accents - way overdone. Then, layered on that, they are explaining things to each other that any French person would already know (cle de voute, for example) for the reader's benefit.<br/><br/>Taking in the many supposedly intriguing objects and situations in this book was exactly like watching the movie Van Helsing for me - I'm watching that thinking "a werewolf, and vampires? and frankenstein? and hot chicks? why, it's got everything! what next?" Short attention span theater. The fact that this book is so popular makes me sad.
 Strengths: This mystery gets better as it goes along, rather than losing steam as so many seem to do. The last third is very good. The basic premise is excellent.<br/><br/>  Weaknesses: Too much indifferent dialog, especially in the first two thirds; too much dialog replacing action. Not that much happens in the first two thirds.<br/><br/>  Question: Why? Why the runaway success? This is no better than many other first rate mysteries. An unheard of book (by comparison) is Robert Goddard's "Days Without Number" ... yet the same genre and in my opinion just as strong. So why the huge success for "Code" while so many others (in the same genre, even) are neglected? I have to believe it has nothing to do with talent, everything to do with marketing and media hype.<br/><br/>  Having said, if Brown's intent was to master the formula in such a way as to have a tearaway bestseller success, he certainly pulled that off.<br/><br/>  Entertaining -- and way over-hyped.
 I read this book about a week before I went to Paris and felt compelled to go to Saint-Sulpice and look for the Rose Line.  I figured I was just being a big dork, but then I noticed three couples searching the floor of the church.  I studied them for a while and then said, "Davinci Code?"  To which they all began to laugh and responded with a yes.<br/>One of the couples scanning the floor of the church informed me that they had just been in Rome and while there they followed the quest in Angels and Demons, through the city.
 To be honest, I'm not much of an avid reader, but one day however one of my friends had this urge to force me into reading this book. After some research I discovered this book had pretty high ratings, and was on many top-selling charts for days. I gave in, and finally got my copy in which I didn't start a few weeks later. However, I was amazed how once I picked this book up I never seemed to put it down again.<br/>The book starts with a simple but intriguing murder case of the curator of a museum at night, where nobody knew what had happened. Coincidently, this man was also a member of a secret society named "Priory of Sion" that had existed long ago and consisted many famous characters in the Renaissance and the Enlightenment such as Sir Isaac Newton and Botticelli. With his life nearing an end, he left in the form of a cipher that appears to be a form of ancient coding. Thus this ignites a series of events and clues being discovered in Da Vinci¡¦s works that would ultimately draw two people to the answer the ancient secret society was seeking.<br/>It¡¦s a simple storyline, and a simple plot. But the character development and the plot twists were so appealing since it wasn¡¦t completely obvious. I liked the way the author had cliffhanger endings to each chapter in order to further develop the plot. It had added this sense of suspense and curiosity within me to know how the plot will continue to develop and how it will become. What was much more fascinating were, the details throughout the story of various artworks, culture, and individuals. I was surprised to find that all the content in this book about various people and artworks were all true and do exist!<br/>However, I have to say that it did become easier to put down this book towards the end. The cliffhangers started to get annoying occasionally and I¡¦d get tired of reading the next page just to find out the solution to the conflict. Never the less, it¡¦s a great book for everyone, but do beware that it does have blood and gore in a few areas.
 don't expect to care about what happens to any of the characters.  Brown does not spend any time on character examination; you know little about each character's history and care even less. The book is a well constructed mystery, however; the plot moves along so quickly its reminiscent of a Hollywood movie and frankly, could have almost been written as a screeplay. In addition, it appears that some of Brown's research is flawed.  The scariest part of this book is knowing, absolutely, that some non-Christians will believe it to be based on fact which it absolutely is not....
 I had trouble staying with this book at first, but when I got into it, I could not put it down.  I love the information presented about Leonardo Da Vinci - I now see him in a different light - and reading about the "secret" behind Mona Lisa's smile and some of his other religious paintings.<br/>This book presents some pretty startling answers to questions I have held for awhile about Christianity and the Catholic faith.  It helped open my mind to some things while making others more clear to me.  Although it is a work of fiction, there is much factual historical information contained in the book, which I found fascinating.<br/>Absolutely one of the best books I've read in a very good while!
 This book is a page turner no matter what your beliefs are.  The murder mystery, codes, etc, will keep you interested even if you disagree with the theology.<br/>However, Brown is careful to note through the character's dialogue that there are two sides to every story.  For every person who tries to say the theories in this book are false and cannot be proven - please keep in mind that you cannot prove the Bible, either.  Neither this particular belief nor the Bible can be proven or disproven.  It is a matter of what you believe - that is why it's called "faith".  You must have an open mind and accept the fact that there are two sides to every story instead of immediately decrying the theology as bunk.  It is not saying that Jesus did not exist, it is not saying he was not wise and enlightened, it is not saying that he was not crucified.  All the fundamental aspects of what we were taught are there.  It is simply the other side of the story.  Which one you choose to believe is up to you.  But I advise gathering all the information first.<br/>The one flaw in the book is how the two main characters get out of certain situations / jams, etc.  That is the only reason I did not give it 5 stars.  Some of their "escapes", so to speak, might be able to occur but one in particular really stretches the limits of plausibility, in my humble opinion.
 Dan Brown's books are interesting on many fronts. I like the way he weaves facts and history into a decent plot.<br/>While I do not rate this book as highly as "Angels and Demons" it is still very good and a worthwhile read.<br/>My main problem with "The DaVinci Code" is that the outcome is very predictable given that the author would not have the book's characters actually find the Ark.<br/>Some Catholics schooled by nuns will be shocked and upset by the truth about Mary Magdalene.  The truth hurts.
 This book was truly amazing, no wonder it is a best-seller.  I found my self turning pages hours on end.  I could not put the darn thing down.  The short chapters left you at a cliffhanger each time and made you want to read more.<br/>Even if you cannot enjoy the book for its historical views then you could enjoy the book as a thriller.  Not since Harry Potter have I been able to read like this.  Truly a remarkable piece of work.  Although their will be some out there who do not enjoy it for its content, mainly about the Holy Grail part, they should at least be able to enjoy it for its page turning excitement.<br/>The Da Vinci Code = Hours of non-stop reading fun.
 Dan Brown has created a worthwhile thriller unlike any other mystery novel I've ever read. Though it contains the same characteristics as other novels; an adventure, a mystery to be solved; it is a novel that keeps you guessing to the end. However, the difference with this mystery is that the clues are woven into historical facts and art symbolism that has its origins from the time of Jesus through the Renaissance. The story is catapulted through the unexpected adventures of a symbology professor and his cryptographer partner who must uncover clues to discover the truth of the story of Jesus.<br/>Jacques Sauniere, a curator, and grandfather to Sophie Neveu is brutally murdered in the Louvre museum. After hearing of her grandfather's death Sophie Neveu, a cryptographer tries to uncover his codes, which lead her to partner up with Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor of symbology. Together, they go from clue to clue, uncovering Jacques Sauniere's secret past, and the truth to Sophie's family. A variety of characters are added in this plot; an acolyte, trying to keep the past a secret, a multi-millionaire, with a quest to find the key to history, and a stubborn police officer, determined to arrest the murderer of Jacques Sauniere.<br/>Being a non-religious person, oblivious to the history of Christianity, I have taken to this topic and gained a new perspective on religious belief.  "The Da Vinci Code" has accurate historic facts that educate readers, like me, about the mysteries of the Christian church that most people aren't even aware of. I have looked at religion on a new level, and have learned that history can be written to fit the interpretation of the church or other institutions. The interpretation of the history of the time of Jesus has definitely affected our view of the roles of gender in society and many of the superstitions some believe today. This novel is remarkable in that it teaches new ways of viewing the past and at the same time entertains the reader, making this book a must-read for anyone.
 The book begins with Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon being roused from his sleep by the French Judiciare. The curator of the Louvre was found murdered in the museum's Grand Gallery, his body positioned in the manner of Leonardo da Vinci's famous Vitruvian Man and a pentragram drawn on his torso with a cipher patterned after Fibonacci's sequence.<br/>With Paris detective Sophie Neveu, Langdon seeks the truth about the murder. In the process, he gets entangled with the Priory of Sion (a secret society that counts Sir Isaac Newton, Boticelli and da Vinci as members), Opus Dei (a powerful religious organization sanctioned by the Pope) and the Vatican itself in pursuit of a secret that could alter the fate of mankind.<br/>I have mixed opinions of this book. The New York Times calls it "erudite fiction" and I agree, definitely not your standard-issue suspense thriller. Author Dan Brown sprinkles the novel with ample historical information about art, religion and history, against the backdrop of cryptology and symbology. He intertwines conspiracy theories with historical facts to peel the skin off long-held beliefs that we always accepted as gospel truth.<br/>On the other hand, this is still pop fiction; one gets the feeling that Mr. Brown has his eye on a movie deal. His prose is serviceable, but hardly memorable. His pacing also left me exhausted; with every short chapter a cliffhanger, the novel is like a neverending obstacle course on overdrive.<br/>This book sufficiently entertains, if you don't mind myriad information that at times stretch credulity. If nothing else, it would make you want to Google away and check its veracity for yourself.
 Dan Brown's flow and style of writing has to be a couple of the many unique features of this most excellent thriller of a book.  The "Da Vinci Code" has something for everyone from suspense, drama, action, and romance, to major controversy.  The topic of conflict gives a different idea of the Holy Grail.  The book clearly states that it's the resting place of Mary Magdalene, Jesus' secret lover(from the books point of view), but it could be the Cup of Christ or even His blood.<br/><br/>  Brown's writings are quite historically accurate with everything in his novel.  All the groups involved like Opus Dei and the locations of everything like famous churches and former Templar churches are very correct.  The Da Vinci Code also tests the bloodline of Christ.  The text shows a possibility of there being relatives of Jesus still alive today!  The plot of this book and how plausible everything involved in it really can add to the excitement and creates an easy distraction to get away from the world for a while.
 I am a teenager and an avid reader who bought this book because of its excellent reviews.  I found it to be incredibly exciting as I read it, full of interesting twists and turns and secrets revealed.  However, when I recently skimmed several of my favorite passages, I was disappointed to discover that the novel was not nearly as good as I first thought.  The "ingenious twists and turns" have a great similarity to the action seen in a thousand cheap thriller novels.  Plus, there are certain glaring historical inaccuracies, such as: 1) The book claimed that Jesus was never referred to as divine until a certain council voted on the subject.  Not true.  Jesus said that he was the son of God, his followers said he was the son of God, and many people believed he was the son of God long before the council.  The council was simply to make official what so many people already believed.  2) Langdon refers to Leonardo as a "flamboyant homosexual."  Much like Michelangelo, the subject of the great artist's sexual orientation is still under debate.  3) The book seems to regard the presence of...a certain someone...in Leonardo's painting as evidence that....a certain someone....was actually there when the Last Supper took place.  Question:  How can you use the paintings of a man who lived 1500 years after the event as evidence of "what really happened" at the Last Supper?  Basically, though the book is well-written enough to make you overlook many of its flaws, take religous, artistic, and historical statements with several grains of salt.<br/>All of what I've said and more is discussed in an article published in the New York Times, if you care to look it up.
 Let's start off with flaws. "The DaVinci Code" rarely takes time to slow down. The entire 400-something pages happens, for the most part, in less than 18 hours of time. The characters are pretty thin, with very little true analysis and/or dimension. The only exceptions to this are Silas and the Bishop, who receive less of a role in the story than they deserve. For a book that has an endless amount of plot twists, (which some may find to be incessantly mind-numbing after awhile) it seems rather linear in the sense that once you figure out what the real conflict and goal is, it's just straight ahead without too much diversion. There can't be anything very interesting about a book centered around two highly predictable cryptographers and a slew of rather unimportant characters racing towards something that isn't even fully explained until the last third of the book, can there?<br/>Well, if you guess "no", then Dan Brown has proved you wrong. Horribly wrong, in fact. The DaVinci code is so captivating, that many people will not even be able to realize the technical errors that would usually stand out like a sore thumb. Brown makes no attempt to flood the reader with everything at once. Because there is quite a lot to take in. Instead, he uses a rather cheap, but highly effective method, of keeping his audience captivated. You will find, when reading this book, that there are very few places where one can really come to a stop. It's very, very difficult to put the book down and take a break. When finishing one chapter, you will be introduced to an incomplete plot twist, which will remained uncompleted until after 5 more chapters have passed. By that time, you've already been introduced to another twist.<br/>Intertwined in this suspense-thriller game of cat and mouse is a thick overtone of cryptography, history, and religious conspiracy, for lack of a better term. This aspect of the story will probably captivate some as much as the thriller aspect. The two main characters are forced through solving code after code, while learning about a historical battle of epic proportions that has remained virtually hidden from the light of common knowledge for all these years.<br/>Well, Dan Brown just may have changed that.
 I bought this book after watching Dan Brown interviewed by Matt on the Today Show. It was a good interview and the premise of a religious symbologist as a main character interested me.  That coupled with my interest in the Knights Templar and the Catholic Church made it a necessary read for me.<br/>It was a good read.  The premises it played with were fun, thoughtful and on occasion the author even managed to confuse me a little with his twists.  I mean confusion in a good way.  However, there were certain "symbols" which arose that I picked up on immediately and which took his main character far to long considering his profession.  The cryptograms were fun to play with and the final twist was delicious although that was telegraphed a little as well.<br/>The writing is fast paced, very literate and I never got the feeling that the author was trying to show how bright he is, which is often the case in this type of thriller.<br/>It's a good, fun read...I recommend it.  This was my first novel of Dan Brown's and I have just ordered Angels and Demons.  He's not Umberto Eco...but who is?
 Not unlike how many scholars claim that Nostradamus predicted major world events like WWII and lesser publicized, yet supremely significant ones like OPERATION PSEUDO MIRANDA (see best-seller of the same name), what makes this epic-fiction so enthralling is its seamless weave into the fabric of theological history.  Not unlike the two events referenced above, this tale has us trusting and disbelieving what we know to be true about history in an almost rhythmic, reciprocating manner, consistent with the interwoven method of the author's storytelling.  What is extracted from history and what is culled from the author's imagination becomes blurred as Brown deftly manipulates the reader with taught knitting and artificial texturing.  Even though the writing is somewhat pedestrian, Brown's wily method of storytelling would make a flimflam man blush.<br/><br/>This is a marginal recommendation for me because I felt it was deliberately misleading, if not downright chicanery.  The book referenced above, however, is a strong recommendation for its surreal, yet brutally honest approach
 After reading this book, I seriously had to go have a drink and sit on the toilet. Never have I read such an over-hyped book. I heard people really liked it, so I went and read it myself. Not only is the ending painfully obvious from about 700 miles away, but the character development is very poorly done, the dialogue is dreadful, the writing is insulting to one's intelligence, and Robert Langdon is the most irritating, pretentious, and poorly made character I have ever read about.<br/>I read this book in four days, not because it was interesting, but because I assumed it would get interesting at some point in the near future, not to mention it was an incredibly easy read. I could not have been further from the truth. After finishing the final page, I was sad, not only because it was a terrible read, but I was positive that I had gotten dumber after reading it.<br/>I then said to myself, "Why does everyone think this book is so great?" So I decided to search for some reviews about it. The truth is, everyone thinks this is so great because it's mindless; it does not take an ounce of thought to be entertained by this book. Maybe it's just me, but I like reading something and being rewarded with more insight because I took the time to sit and think about symbolism, theme, what a character does as opposed to what he/she says, etc. This just didn't do it for me. Almost all of the five-star reviews say "I read it in (insert low number of days)!!!!!" Yeah, so did I. GET A NEW REASON, THAT ISN'T A GOOD ONE FOR LIKING A BOOK.<br/><br/>I read this book and I went to my computer to write (I'm studying creative writing in college) and I noticed that my writing was actually simpler than it had been before I picked up this book. I was using simple words, I couldn't think of what to say next, I was routinely running into writer's block. I then had to take a few days off to read F. Scott Fitzgerald and I was better.<br/><br/>Don't read Dan Brown if you appreciate literature and what it can bring to the table.<br/><br/>If you don't read often or if you just want to take a break and read something slightly entertaining (I'm being generous), go for it.
 Brown managed at the perfect time to publish the perfect best-seller.<br/><br/>Of course, it's not fact; make no mistake on that (and go ahead and watch a few of the many documentaries this book has sparked for some interesting history).  What it is, however, is a clever adventure and mystery story that pulls in select snippets of conspiracy theory worthy of late-night radio, biblical lore, history, and the art and somewhat fictionalised personal history of Leonardo DaVinci.<br/><br/>Brown has managed to pull these things together in a way that is not only palatable, but enjoyable, and something that is almost believable by mass audiences.  This is not to say that Dan Brown is trying to pull the wool over anyone's eyes.  He tried, and succeeded, in writing a book that has made him rich beyond what any author can reasonably expect to gain on a work of fiction.  That is genius, even if the history, codes, and theories hold water for about as long as a tissue-paper bowl... just long enough to get through the story.<br/><br/>The story itself is well plotted and put together.  At times it does venture into almost preachy as it is explaining histories and theories involved with the Holy Grail, and those sections I found to be a bit slow as compared to the pace of the book overall.  I also found in this section that my suspension of disbelief was interrupted, as religious history is a subject I enjoy learning about, even if it is on a very amateur level, and I found the leaps of logic a bit too far here... but for those who haven't made a study of religious history, this shouldn't interfere with the enjoyment of the book.<br/><br/>Some I know have expressed disappointment in The DaVinci Code, and I can understand that.  With all the hype and controversy, one could easily expect the next great work of literature when they pick it up off the shelf.  However, Dan Brown is not Tolstoy, and The DaVinci Code is not great literature.  Not that it's bad as a thriller mystery novel; it is certainly catchy, and I read it with fervor.  Each location was described with just the right balance, the characters were just deep enough to move the fast plot forward, the tension was mostly very good, and the entire book is one which I think will translate well onto the silver screen.<br/><br/>So, if you've not yet read the DaVinci code, go ahead and check your disbelief at the front cover and sit down for an engaging read... just don't forget to pick your disbelief back up at the finish.  And once you're finished, the puzzles and codes within the book as well as on the web are a challenging exercise.
 This book was indeed a fun read and I enjoyed some of the twists in plot that were not expected.  The development of a relationship between two of the main characters seemed forced and a bit shallow, to be honest - and this was my only real disappointment with it.  The overal story was fascinating and intellectually thrilling, although it has left me with the need to dig further to find out how much was fact and how much was fiction!  I suppose in that case, it can be called educational - by prompting more research!
 I really enjoyed reading this book. I found it difficult to put down. To me the story was fresh and it was a new concept. With that being said I am not one who is going to say "I will never look at the last supper the same way again." This was a wonderful work of fiction with great a story and fantastic characters...that's all. I think it deserves a read. Just don't read too much into it.
 I heard about this book on a site that I trust.  It sounded intriguing and I had a 13 hour car ride ahead of me.  This Dan Brown novel sounded like the perfect way to pass the time.<br/>It doesn't take long for the action to start happening.  Which I appreciated, but what was left behind was a good description of the characters involved.  This was something that plagued me through the book.  Mr. Brown brings a very creative concept to life by providing enough information about real life places and objects that kept me wanting to hop online and verify their existence.  I loved that aspect of the book.  I just never felt as though I really knew anything about the characters.  They were mere faceless players walking through their parts.  With the exception of the eccentric Sir Teabing, no one really stands out.<br/>As with most mysteries or suspense books, I like to be given the chance to figure it out along with the protagonist.  Toss me a nugget of information every so often to help me out, but don't force it on me.  The morsels TDC gave were either to hard to figure out on your own or force feed so that even the slowest could see it coming.  There were numerous flashbacks to information throughout the book.  They were haphazardly placed and made it confusing as to the current action going on at times.<br/>For as much as I may bash this book, I really did like it.  It was a great idea that just didn't play out well.  I think if it was ever a movie that it might have been a bit better because of the attention span of movie-goers who crave the action and intrigue.<br/>It was an easy read and did just what I hoped it would do.  The 13 hour car ride passed by in no time.
 This is a very pedestrian action caper, written on about the college freshman level.  Parts of it are so badly written, with such laughable dialogue, that I turned my head and winced.  To its credit it's (mercifully) very quickly paced with a reasonably amusing little treasure hunt and some fun puzzles.  But that's it.  Plus we're asked to be nostalgic for pre-Christian paganism, which (from everything we know) was an absolutely horrible point in human civilization.  (Human sacrifice, anyone?)  All that rot about The Goddess, as though this was a period in history we would wish to return to, if only we had our heads screwed on straight, and hadn't been lied to by the Catholic Church.  What nonsense.  I would like to do a word search and see how many times the phrase "sacred feminine" appears in this book, but it must be at least 100.  Once the puzzles were figured out, I just wanted the characters to go away, and couldn't care less if they all went to prison, won the lottery, or fell off a cliff.  If you set the bar pretty low, you might enjoy this, but I'll not read anything else he's done.  I could write better than this when I was in High School.
 Although none of the revelations in this book are new, for most readers this will be their first exposure to The Priory of Sion and commonly held beliefs (by religious historians) that most of Christianity is a hoax..perpetuated by politicians (see Constantine the Great) and that the Bible as it exists today is nothing more than revisionist history to ensure the survival of a political empire and the power of the church.<br/>If you have an open mind you will find this book spellbinding. Though the ending is slightly anticlimatic, the journey is well worth the read.
 Ok, so I finally gave in and read this book. I must admit to some serious disapppointment. First of all, Dan Brown is no great writer. In the same spirit of dime store murder mysteries, his character development is shallow and he depends almost entirely on a string of "catch me if you can" episodes to keep the plot moving. In between these exciting moments, the characters have long-winded dialogues during which supposed "ancient truths" are revealed to the reader. Let me just say that as someone who has done a lot of research on Christianity, Mr. Brown's facts are more like fantasy.  Essentially what he has done is take a TINY grain of truth, embellish it with consipracy theories and his own bias, and try to foist it upon the public as a revelation on the history of Christianity. In one scene he even goes so far as to claim that Jesus' disciples all knew he was only a human teacher, and that the Emperor Constantine was the one who declared Jesus divine in order to strengthen his own rule. What a crock! If that is the case, then why is it that 11 of 12 disciples of Jesus chose torture and death rather than renounce the divinity of Jesus Christ? (The 12th died in prison.)All they had to do to save their own lives was state that Jesus was not the Son of God, but each of them chose a gruesome, painful death rather than betray the man and God who had died for their sins. There are many other glaring fantasies in Mr. Brown's book but I will not continue. Bottom line- if you want a fairly entertaining beach read, buy a used copy of this book and read it with a huge grain of salt. However, if you are seeking the truth about God and Jesus, look elsewhere. It most definitely is not in this book.
 I just finished reading the Da Vinci Code and I think it was one of the best intellectual thrillers I have read in a long time.  Although I don't consider myself much of a history buff, I thoroughly enjoyed the mix of history, art, religion, murder and suspense.  I was amazed at the way Dan Brown put all of the puzzle pieces together.  I find myself searching the internet for more information on Da Vinci and his theories.  Are any of these theories true????
 Placed firmly between fact and fiction, the DaVinci Code by Dan Brown attempts to draw the reader in with a loose tapestry which spans both, and tries to draw on each element to keep your attention. While the book is intriguing on one level, it is deficient in another. It draws you in for one reason, then casts you out for another. It starts fast, and finishes faster. The story moves in 2 different planes, one of them satisfying and the other a myriad of absurdity. In the end, neither aspect is really all that satisfying because they have to coexist together to form the book as a whole.<br/><br/>I read this book because my mother bought it for me. She bought it for me because it was the rage at the time. She read it, her friend read it, her friend's friend read it, and so on. I don't question how or why a book ends up on top of my "to read" pile. I just read it, thankful for the opportunity to walk down a road I might not have otherwise walked down. This is exactly that, a book I never would have read left to my own devices.<br/><br/>I enjoyed the book. But it is nowhere near as good as general perception paints it to be. Frankly, I think this is one of the most overrated books in recent memory. I rarely read bestsellers because I think the general reading public tends towards trash novels that aren't worth the time spent reading them. Is this one of those novels? I can't say that. But it's not a 5-star book either. It's a decent book which intrigued me in terms of historical perspective but which suffered mightily in trying to tie it together. This would have been better served as a sort of Dummy's Guide to Biblical Intrigue, or something along those lines.<br/><br/>The book's dual parts come from the historical discussion on religion, combined with a fictional story about a riddle which needs to be figured out.  ...]<br/><br/>I have to imagine there will be a sharp polarization regarding opinions on this book based on religious affiliation, or lack thereof. This tired debate should not be how you approach this book. It is a work of fiction, first and foremost, and should be regarded as such. Despite the fact that Dan Brown states all the documents and rituals in the book are factual, a token investigation shows these claims are flimsy, at best. Throughout the book, Brown toys with fact and fiction so much that one isn't sure where the line is drawn between them. In the end, it's hard not to see Brown as self-important, since he is essentially dubbing his book as the Holy Grail, in a very tangible way. I'm not sure he intended that, at least not overtly. But that's what his claim ultimately is.<br/><br/>As I said earlier, the religious history is intriguing. This is so true it's easy to find yourself fully engaged in the book, regardless of the pure fictional aspect of it. The "code" keeps you interested. Yet in the end, it lacks the literary punch to keep you hooked throughout, as the believability factor creeps towards absurdity as the pages dwindle. This is the core of the fictional piece of the book. As it winds down, we see the story fade into a weak, mediocre pulpit in which Brown uses to preach his message.<br/><br/>The payoff to the novel is disappointing, since we don't get much of a crescendo to either story. The ending is a distasteful combination of the predicable and anti-climatic. You're left assuming Brown couldn't tie it together, and was forced to patch things up as best he could so the story could end. For many people, I believe the intrigue of the religious aspect is so strong it allows them to overlook the weak ending and poor fiction in the book. Personally, I find it very difficult to allow the weak ending to be overshadowed by the excellent opening, an opening which was left ultimately unrewarding.<br/><br/>Despite all the criticisms, I think it's a good book that *some* people should read. As I see it, the potential problem lies in the thought that people will have problems differentiating fact and fiction, and the book will serve as another disinformation tool which is no better than the church which it, in part, attempts to expose. The story, characters, and dialog are enjoyable until they get inane, the layers of involvement degrade, and the conclusion derails. Still, I did enjoy my time reading it.<br/><br/>In all, a good book for those who are easily able to differentiate between fact and fiction, who can assess the book on its own merits without allowing the loaded fictitious scenarios to sway them either way, and for those people (like me) who are likely uninformed about the subject matter it tries to uncover, namely the details of the Holy Grail and the religious history surrounding it.
 I thought this book was a great read.  PROS-1) You can't help but read it.  You will find yourself looking up any kind of info on Leonardo Da Vinci.  2) The way that Dan Brown beautifully describes all things Euro is amazing.  3) It will make you question, even if it's for a brief moment, Christianity.  CONS-1) The absurdity of explaining things to an expert who is suppose to know about said saubject already.  I realize that it's for our benefit but c'mon.  2)  The guessing games both Robert &amp; Leigh  play, not only with eachother but with others, when time is not very bountiful.  3) The sexual tension between Robert &amp; Sophie.<br/>I won't spoil anything more.  Overall, it was a great read.  I couldn't stop reading it.  Enjoy &amp; good reading!!
 I'm not one for reading many different authors. I usually only read books by John Grisham, but I received The Da Vinci Code for Christmas. The book captures your attention right from the start. The story line is great and it really makes you think. Unlike what others say, the book kept my attention the whole time, I literally couldn't put the book down. I spent an 11 hour marathon reading the book to it's end just to find out what happens. After the book I found myself researching the topic and joining online groups about the subjects listed in the story line.
 Everybody complains about the history.  "These details are wrong, the history books say this..." and on ad infinitum.  It's fiction.  Says so on the copyright page.  Fiction.  Grounded in reality, but ultimately made up.<br/>That people give this book one star for "being bad history" is just grossly ignorant.  It is not a history text, it's a novel.  And, it's a BAD novel.  The plot speeds along, and is the book's saving grace.  There is little to no characterization, and clunky prose that sticks out like a sore thumb on subsequent rereadings.  (I admit that I was flummoxed by the quick pace of the book, only on review did I realize just how badly it was written.)<br/>I bought this for my fiance for Christmas cause she likes DaVinci, and for making her happy, it gets five stars.  No stars subtracted for being "bad history"; four stars subtracted for being too badly written for the money I spent on the hardcover, and one star added for a quick plot that glosses over all the obvious problems.<br/>"Almost inconceivably, the gun into which she was now staring was clutched in the pale hand of an enormous albino."<br/>?<br/>-Evan
 "The Da Vinci Code" is about a man and a woman who meet at a murder scene and stumble across one of the biggest secrets in history. It is the secret of the Holy Grail. Throughout the novel these two must solve puzzles and work together brilliantly to solve this riddle that comes to them. Along the way they must beat a group of religious men to the Holy Grail.<br/>This book had many amazing aspects thrown in. One of these was the puzzles and riddles that were in it. At the beginning of the novel both characters must solve a series of riddles and puzzles. The whole book is filled with amazing puzzles that must be solved to unlock the secret of the Holy Grail. These puzzles stretch your brain with thought. Another amazing aspect was they way it was told. The chapters were all short. The point of view usually switched from character to character every chapter. This gave a great variety of the characters and the problems they go through. One last amazing part of the story was what was actually in the story. Some parts of the book must have taken immense research. There is no way that the average person could write this. Dan Brown is a Genius, Brown for President. There were no bad parts of this book.<br/>In Conclusion I would recommend this book to almost anyone. Any age from 5th grade up could read this book. It is an amazing novel and I guarantee it will be one of the best books you ever read. If you are currently reading another book, stick a bookmark in it, put it on your dresser,  go get The Da Vinci Code, and begin reading. This book has priority over any book in the world right now.
 I just finished reading it. I give a lot of clout to books that simply compel me to keep reading. This book did that and so much more! It opened up another world of history to me that I had never been exposed to before. And it did it masterfully, in a mystery/suspense/thriller that is incredibly well written. It will leave you on the edge of your seat, and you won't be able to put it down until you're done. I've been very sleep deprived the last few days. I would recommend this book without hesitation!
 Here are the things I liked about The Da Vinci Code: short chapters and fast pacing, intriguing riddles, ideas about alternatives to the basic story of Christianity with which I wasn't all that familiar. However, and it's a big however, the writing was pretty stereotyped and unsophisticated. In the hands of Thomas Harris, for example, this would have been dynamite. Still, it's a fun read, and I'm sure Dan Brown could care less what I think of his writing abilities or lack thereof. As the old saying goes, "he's laughing all the way to the bank."
 The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown is an amazing novel. The book begins with Robert Langdon, a Harvard symologist, in his hotel room in Paris. In the middle of the night a detective comes to his hotel room and takes him to the Louvre, where a Louvre curator has been murdered. When Langdon arrives at the Louvre he find the dead mans body and a baffling cipher around the body. Langdon and cryptologist, Sophie Neveu have to decipher the code. Langdon soon finds out that the dead curator was part of the Priory of Sion-a real secret society that included such people as Da Vinci, Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, and Victor Hugo. Langdon suspects that they are on a hunt for the most sought after article ever. During a race around Paris, all odds seem against the two. They are also facing against a faceless powerbroker that follows and knows their every move. They must find the article or else the truth and power of it may be lost forever.<br/> I loved the novel The Da Vinci Code. I thought it was an extremely exciting and interesting book that kept me on my toes throughout the book. The beginning of the book might seem boring, but after the first 60 pages or so the book becomes an amazing novel. The twists in the book lead you through it on the edge of your seat. The twists may seem to be big parts of the book that completely change around the whole ideal of the book, but the end shocked me completely. The only thing bad I can write about this book is that it had a slow beginning, besides that the book was truly amazing.<br/> I would strongly recommend reading this book. It is a book that everyone can enjoy and have fun with.
 I was disappointed after all the hype. This seemed like a Robert Ludlum type of layered plot. It had some good mystery, and some exciting escape sequences as the hero and heroine connected and tried to evade capture while figuring out the mystery. However, it all seemed so contrived to me that I had a hard time accepting it, especially the religious underpinnings. If you aren't too critical, you might enjoy the adventure, the romance, and the mystery.
 Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code takes readers to factual places and exposes him to the art world. For someone who has very limited knowledge of the art world like me, Brown's clever story about Robert Langdon, as he searched for the legendary Holy Grail, will keep readers glued to their seats. His mastery of the written word, the suspenseful ambiance, the unexpected and surprising twists are elements that great thriller movies are made of!<br/>The novel, whether there are many inaccuracies and fallacies as some claim, is a gem in itself. It has all the right elements that make reading an enjoyable hobby. The Da Vinci Code is unlike the typical conspiracy theories novel in the market today. There are no sophisticated gadgets or technology nor aliens that want to wreak havoc on earth. It is about the most famous basis of all conspiracy theories, the motherlode of all--the Catholic Church.<br/>Whether or not you are a devout Catholic, readers must see this novel as what it is--an enjoyable and gripping novel. I simply can't wait for the movie version!
 This is arguably one of the best written books I have read.  It strikes the perfect balance between providing enough details to allow the reader to become absorbed without too many details where it becomes boring.  The suspense really never lets up from cover to cover.  Unfortunately, despite protests from religious zealots, this book is rather mild from what it could have been.  It fails to develop anything significant with a promising premise.
 This book was given to us for Christmas or I wouldn't have read it. To satisfy any curiosity I had about something that gave the Pope such a hissy fit he encouraged Catholics to read it by banning it, I'd rather have seen the movie. Wading through all that clunky text was every bit as bad as I expected. But clunky writing wasn't enough for Dan Brown, who felt obliged to assault his readers with a lot of misinformation (such as that The Last Supper is a fresco when it's actually a painting). Rather than go into lengthy criticism of the book, I'm pointing readers to an in-depth one by linguist  Geoffrey K Pullum. The URL is  ...] and every point Mr Pullum makes is 100% valid.
 good book, at times unbelievable but definite page turner.  recommend this book for 2 reasons: 1) pretty good orginal fiction thriller (based on the nonfiction bestseller holy blood holy grail) that will keep your attention until the end.  2) makes you think to keep an open mind for EVERYTHING especially any religion and appraoch whatever you read or learn with suspicion.<br/>guess they are going to make a movie out of this now with ron howard on board.
 I suppose everything has its fashions, from clothing to cars to literature.  The Da Vinci Code seems to be one such literary fashion.<br/><br/>I will concede that Dan Brown is a good writer.  He knows how to tell a story and to tell it in an exciting, quick manner which makes it hard to put a book down.<br/><br/>My objection though to the Da Vinci Code is not so much the story but rather the inflated claims Brown makes.<br/><br/>Brown has claimed numerous times all of the material in his books is 'fact.'  These facts range from certain assertions about conspiracies involving countless secret societies in the Catholic Church (ranging from Opus Dei to the Knights Templar) to secret grails to Jesus being married to Mary Magdalane and ideas about a secret 'bloodline' which is the royal heritage of Jesus and Mary and wait for it, involves French Kings and other nobility.  Tacked on to this is the notion Da Vinci's paintings contain secret messages hidden from all but a few, and Harvard Professors of Symbology (a post which in fact does not exist).<br/><br/>The truth is, Dan Brown has borrowed many of his ideas from other sources, which upon critical examination are showed to be somewhat dubious.  There are many books which explode the 'facts' Dan Brown uses (and good scholars like Bart Ehrman are generous enough to point out what Brown gets right as well as wrong) and they are too long to mention, but suffice to say it is better to try and enjoy this book for what it is; a good 'airport' novel you can read in a few hours, rather than a ground-breaking revelation about the true nature of Christianity, Opus Dei, Jesus and Mary Magdalene, the Louvre in Paris, and God knows what else.
 There's no arguing that books on and about Da Vinci's hidden  clues and Knights Templer are not only very pertinent but very compelling as well. Dan Brown's approach to the subject is via a story line which is stilted and awkward. Sadly, The Da Vinci Code's disjointed narrative detracts from Brown's great personal wealth of knowledge on the subjects.  Author Brown would have been far better served to have written a direct treatise on the facts as they exist rather than try to string them all together via a plot line which, for the most part, was trite and forced.  But hey, he's a published author and I'm not.
 The author is a true Grandmaster. He manages to mingle a wide variety of facts and historical events along with artistic secrets into a wonderful work of fiction. Chances are you will learn more about the arts, Christianity and religion from this perfect masterpiece than from 4 years at a university.<br/>I applaud the author for this fine work. he is pure genius! Bravo! I read the book in 3 evenings because I was unable to put it down until I could barely keep my eyes open.<br/>Sincerely, Maximus Illuminati - Author of Islam Exposed<br/>P.S. Iti multumim foarte mult pentru ca ai sfirsit aceasta misiune! Acum este timpul sa citestin illuminati manifesto si cartea mortilor.
 I sat and read this book for 7 hours straight - unable to disconnect from the wild ride found within these pages.  It is not often that a book pulls me in so completely that I forget about the weekend chores waiting and allow myself such a decadent escape.<br/>24 hours later, I am still reeling.  I have read many, many of the reviews for this book - both here and on the web.  I have followed the author�s links and read even further about the theories presented by this author &amp; other writers.  I keep asking myself, what is it that has me so drawn to this subject matter?<br/>I like the idea- the possibility- that there remains in this life a discovery of such magnitude as The Da Vinci Code.  The modern world seems empty of mystery and the possibility of new discoveries and grand adventures.  This story - albeit fiction - pulls our eyes away from the feelings of hopelessness that has invaded a majority of Christian faith &amp; throws us head first into the eternally magical quest for the Holy Grail.  Only we learn the quest is really ...oops.  Can�t say that!<br/>Just know this - the scientific mind will tear it apart looking for its weaknesses; the devoted religious will refuse to even entertain its message because to do so threatens the very core of Christian beliefs.  But balanced on that fine line where science &amp; religion come ever so close to one another, there is this refreshingly taut &amp; fantastically bold story (and story is the key word here) � with a very timely message.  Enjoy!!
 I'll keep this simple. Dan Brown is a gifted writer but, as a storyteller, he basically sticks to similar 'rules' throughout all his books. Due to the hype, I was hoping The Da Vinci Code would be different ... it wasn't.<br/>To set up the story, and get the main characters together, Brown made some huge leaps, in my opinion. His whole set-up seemed forced and extremely unlikely if we are to believe we are dealing with everyday, intelligent, professional individuals.  Poorly, poorly done.<br/>I did like the research done and presented in this book.  Obviously, there will be a great deal of debate as to the accuracy of the premises but that's been going on since Jesus came on the scene two thousand years ago. Overall, Brown's presentation was well-done and easy to follow (whether or not you agree with the argument).<br/>His character development is pretty much non-existent and, again, disappointing. With this book (as with all his books), Brown created a cast of, basically, static characters that I never really came to care about. But then I like character development - if it's not important to you, disregard my input.<br/>Mr. Brown would do well to change his formula for his antagonists. In every single book, the 'bad guy' is obvious due to one simple rule that Brown follows. Pick the least likely individual, or the nicest and most dedicated individual (outside the hero/heroine) and you've got your antagonist. The Da Vinci Code was yet another disappointment in this regard.<br/>The ending was mediocre though better than his previous work. I keep wondering when he'll get the hang of tying up a story tightly. Maybe with his next book? Doubt it but we'll see.<br/>Do not buy this book in hardcover unless you want an underdeveloped storyline, static characterization, and the other things I've mentioned. Check it out from the library, borrow a friend's, wait til paperback, whatever.  Just don't pay hardcover prices for a very mediocre story. Good luck!
 After watching the Da Vinci Code flying off the shelves of the bookstore I work at, I figured I might as well give it a try myself.  It was better than I expected--which isn't necessarily saying much--but overall a perfectly ordinary thriller.  The book's mindfull of a lot of Michael Crighton's work: obvious indication of meticulous research, fast-moving plot, but written with an eye for the big screen, leaving some of the settings, and more grieviously the characters, somewhat threadbare.<br/>But so what?  It's a quick read and entertaining, and while the plot itself is forgotten almost as qickly as the final page is turned, some of the ideas the novel plays with linger on.  The nature of PHI, the existance of Opus Dai, the Priory de Sion, and the exploration of Da Vinci's works--it's all great stuff and fun to read.  Some of the grail conjectures are dubious at best, but again, so what?  Most texts about the subject are equally goofy.<br/>My biggest complain with the novel is a glaring error in the research that comes early in the novel and proves surprisingly important later on.  The apple.  Though modern tradition has it that humanity was booted from Eden for Eve's munching of the apple, it remains exactly that, a modern interpretation.  The Bible refers only to a fruit, not an apple, and earlier interpretations of the scene have substituted other fruits--like a pear, for example.  Which seems like nit-picking, but wouldn't a world-reknown symbologist know this?  So much for suspension of disbelief.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the movie.  I considered it to be the top thriller of 2006.  However, I was disappointed by the book.  The following are a few reasons why the movie is better.  Bear in mind that I may be biased because I watched the movie first.  I had already formed my own idea of the story before reading it.  (Most reviewers who claim that the book is better may suffer from the opposite.)<br/><br/>I thought that Book would provide more background information on the founding of Priory of Sion, Opus Dei and Merovigian bloodline.  What I got was superficial discussion on goddess worshipping and overdone sex rituals.  It made me grateful that the Church suppressed all that ages ago.<br/><br/>Silas is the most sympathetic character in the movie.  His death is the stuff of tragedy.  I do not feel the same way about him in the book.  His death is practically ruined.  In the book, he and Bishop Aringarosa supposedly sustained heavy gun wounds.  Silas was able to bring Aringarosa to a London hospital, slipped out into a city park and died unnoticed.  Where were the hospital personnel?<br/><br/>In contrary of what the book claims, Richard Wagner was not a freemason.  This bit of misinformation undermines my confidence in other esoteric theories expounded by the author.<br/><br/>One cryptex enhances mystery.  Two is overkill.<br/><br/>The main reason that the movie is better than the book is:  The movie implicates the Catholic Church in the main plot of the theft of the Grail.  The book, on the other hand, lays the entire blame on one person, Leigh Teabing, who masterminded murders and extortion.  Bishop acted on his own interest, thus divesting the Church with any responsibilities.  But, what a Bishop of Opus Dei wanted with the Holy Grail?  The book says that he wanted to use it to gain influence with the Pope.  However, a Bishop of Opus Dei can hardly reveal the Grail without undermining his own position.  Considering the history of the Church, the movie plotline is only more appropriate and realistic.  I suspect that was Dan Brown's original intention.  He altered it to pass the censorship in publication, and readapted it in the subsequent movie version.
 Ok. So I'm probably one of the last literate people on the planet to read The DaVinci Code. I admit it, I didn't want to intially buy into the hype. That's why I waited for the cheap paperback edition to be released. As much as I hate to admit it, I liked the book. There. I said it. I actually really enjoyed it. In fact, it was downright difficult to put the book down. Basically, what I'm trying to say is that, if you haven't read a single one of the million+ reviews, is that it's a fast-paced thriller that keeps the reader engaged. I'm sure someone has already written that. As far as the "controversy" surrounding the book, people are forgetting this is  a fiction novel. Even though there are conspiracys out there that the text is based on, people need to get their panties out of a wad and appreciate this novel as an interesting work of FICTION literature. Dan Brown never said he was presenting this is as concrete evidence of actual events and proof. Please, can everyone just chill out? I actually doubt anyone is reading this review anyway. I'm just bored at the moment and haven't figured out what book I feel like reading next, so if anyone is really reading this and HASN'T already read The DaVinci Code, You should. Just suck it up like I did. You'll probably enjoy it, even though a few moments (ie. who the REAL villan actually is) are a little predictable, I still liked it. Maybe I'm just good at guessing. In addition, I also saw the movie, and as much as I love Tom Hanks and Audry Tatou, (rent Amelie', by the way)I liked the book better than the movie. 'Nuff said.<br/><br/>P.S. I didn't write this to be helpful. :)
 Disclaimer:  I am a Roman Catholic with a Masters in Theology so that no doubt colors my review of this book.  My wife bought it for me, not because I was interested in reading it but because she thought I needed to be ready to answer the invariable questions I would get from friends because of it.  Having little time for fiction, she got me the audio book to listen to in the car to and from work.  While the abridged version leaves out some of the worst diatribes about Christianity and the Catholic Church, I still believe I got the flavor of the book.  Vanilla.<br/><br/>All in all, a pretty bland novel.  Ludlum or Le Carre (among many, many others) write a much better thriller.  I have to hand it to Dan Brown, he knows how to weave in just enough truth in with all the blatant errors to make people go "Aha!  I figured it out!  Why did I not see that before?"  It moves along fairly breathlessly but the plot holes are so large as to be laughable.  Why, for instance, if Jesus was just a man and not divine do we really care who his decendants are and why are they any more special that anyone else?  Are we really supposed to believe that Jesus was a proto-feminist pagan who happened to grow up in a Jewish culture?  Or perhaps Judaism also was subject to a vast conspiracy by the Emperor Constantine that turned it from Yaweh as Goddess to unapologetically patriarchal.  Speaking of Constantine, how can anyone with a modicum of knowledge of Church History believe that the Roman Emperor could simply decree a fundamental and radical shift in the very fundamental tenets of Christianity and all the Christians around the world went from believing Jesus was human to saying, "Oh!  We've been dying for our faith up to now but since this new Emperor says that faith isn't what we thought it was let's all go with his interpretation.  Silly us."  For that matter, if Jesus was only a man and Mary Magdeleine was only a woman, why did Langdon feel the need to pray at her tomb?  (sorry for the spoiler, but I doubt I am giving anything away).<br/><br/>I understand Brown's defense of "It's only fiction" but he wants to have it both ways.  He dismisses the critics by saying its only fiction but then insists that this is carefully researched history.  Intellectual dishonesty at it's most blatant.<br/><br/>But back to the novel itself.  The plot is almost non-existant.  The "puzzles" are less difficult than a Mensa quiz.  The characters are two-dimensional and almost laughably stereotypical.  The villain an albino monk?  Makes sense: let's pick a villain that won't stand out in a crowd.  George Smiley would cringe.  Hard to believe that this bunch has managed to keep the world's greatest global conspiracy going for 2,000 years.<br/><br/>The only thing that kept me from simply turning it off and throwing it out was curiosity at how Brown would wrap it all up at the end.  How would he keep the Big Secret from getting out without and still have Langdon win in the end?  The answer was a tremendous letdown.  I agree with the review I read of "The Da Vinci Mole" by Dr. Ian Browne which said that parody "pulls off a brilliant "emperor-has-no-clothes dismissal of the original."  I agree.  The emperor has no clothes.<br/><br/>Given some of the other wonderful books I have read recently, I am at a loss to figure out why this novel has been so successful.  Perhaps, in the end, Mencken was right, "No one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the American People."
 At the beginning I was enthralled....then, being a -dyed- in- the- wool Christian, I found Langdon's( the main character) revelations disturbing.  Am I lost here? or what?  I know lots of people have trouble with the whole Christian doctrine...the virgin Mary, Jesus, Son of God, died,  rose to everlasting life,and Savior from our sins, but either we have all been duped, making our faith an exercise in futility, or I just fell for a fictional story that seemed so real!  I have to give Mr. Brown credit for creating such a story. He sure had me feeling confused- (I am still trying to find a picture of "The Last Supper"  to see if there is a woman at Jesus'right!!)  I read on to the end, but still felt unsettled, thinking many people in the world actually believe the explanation about Mary Magdelene being the wife/lover of Christ.  Anyway, it's not the questions/details/facts that make the Christian message so powerful, but the fact that all that Christ did and said was meant to improve the quality of life for all people and a wonderful guideline for life, both for the doer of right and those to whom right should be done.
 Dan Brown's fast-paced novel has all the thrills of a roller coaster packed into one book. It combines mystery, suspense, and history into one interesting literary work. Unlike ordinary, whodunit mysteries, The Da Vinci code gives historical information about Da Vinci, symbolism, and Christianity, while at the same time forming a complex plot. The novel makes the reader alert because of its numerous intriguing details.  It tells the story of Robert Langdon, a Harvard profesor of symbolism, and Sophie Neveu, a police agent, who are chosen to solve a murder mystery and find the Holy Grail.  Sophie's grandfather is murdered in a museum and he leaves behind complex clues for Sophie and Langdon to find the Holy Grail.  Many plot twists occur, including secret societies, shocking religious information, and details about Sophie's family.  If you want a unique mystery novel filled with surprises, then Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code is a perfect choice.
 Amazing story that is so well-researched! Brown is a fascinating writer who obviously put a lot of time into this piece. I was so excited to read this amazing book. After reading and got a book from the library of da Vinci's paintings and found exactly what Brown refers to! This book spans religion, history, literature, crypotography... it is just amazing. The writing is a not the greatest literary feat, but the story is worth 100 stars.<br/>One of the best books I have ever read--makes you see the world a little differently after reading it! :)
 Anyone who thinks this is a great piece of fiction does not know a thing about writing. But I'm willing to admit that this book is great fun to read - there are times when I do crave a mindless ride through formulaic cheap writing techniques, eg, plot postponement, multiple climaxes, deja vu, blah blah blah. This book is "good" only in the sense that it fulfills a niche of bad fiction that somehow still remains entertaining. It is bad fiction because every element - every twist of plot, every detail of "history" and art, every character - is a slave to the author's attempt to continually surprise and keep the reader on edge. when characters are enslaved by plot, there can be no depth or meaning or DEVELOPMENT at all throughout the book. but dan brown was successful in surprising the reader - albeit, in a predictable way - the careful reader of literature knows what i mean by "surprise in a predictable way"<br/>this book is good for what it is - lazy reading that is simply entertaining, nothing more - not informative nor meaningful. it is entertaining if you love superficial suspense thrillers; it is also entertaining if you love to make fun of artificial suspense thrillers. this book is NOT, i repeat, NOT intellectual in any way, nor does it possess any "meaning" - in the cognitive or affectual sense of the word. it's about as deep as a petri dish, and if you know what that is, you probably should not read this book unless you have a good 8 hours with absolutely nothing to do.
 I still can hardly believe this book sold as much as it did.  Was it a fun read?  Yes.  Was it a great book?  No.  In the Name of the Rose (Umberto Eco) was a far superior book in the genre of religious suspense and secrets.  Everyone should go back and read that -- but maybe it was too complex for most readers of light fiction.
 This is, by far, the single worst novel I have ever read.  The only reason I picked it up was because it has been such a pop culture staple for so many years.  I didn't expect Crime and Punishment.  But I also didn't expect what I got.<br/><br/>Remember Creative Writing 101?  What was the First Rule?  Show, don't tell.  Dan Brown skipped this class (not to mention grammar and world history).  About a third of the book is flat descriptions of his flat characters' uninteresting feelings.  Scared.  Confused.  Hungry.  Not hungry.  Thrilling stuff.<br/><br/>I suppose the book would be better if there were a single real character to be found.  You know you're in trouble when the descriptions of the interior of a car are more interesting than any of the dialog.  And, as others have pointed out, the xenophobic cultural stereotypes would be offensive if they weren't so laughable.<br/><br/>I've been a fan of mysteries for years.  Agatha Christie has her share of plot holes and unbelievable twists, but at least she's clever about it.  The puzzles Brown's characters are asked to solve are ridiculously simplistic.  The few chances he has to surprise his readers, Brown broadcasts his insipid twists so loudly and inelegantly that it seems he is trying to ruin what little fun there is.  Very little.<br/><br/>A word of advice for Mr. Brown -- if you are going to make your main characters geniuses and world experts, it's probably best to have them get their basic facts straight.  Setting aside the ridiculous leaps of logic in his characters' interpretations of historical events, Brown can't seem to get even the simplest facts straight.  Why should I consider any assertions a British knight would make about Church history or Biblical canon when he doesn't even know the name of the bridge you can see on the London skyline?  (Hint: it's not London Bridge)<br/><br/>I realize that this book is meant to be mass-market fluff.  That's in no way a bad thing; I enjoy an occasional plate of fluff.  But just because a book is meant to be light reading doesn't mean it has to insult its reader's intelligence.
 If it had been better written, and if the development of plot &amp; characters had been more thorough, then this would have been a more enjoyable book to read.  As it is, "The Da Vinci Code" is a generally not good book that occasionally rises to the lofty heights of a mediocre work of fiction.  It certainly does not merit all of the hype it has gotten.<br/>Judged strictly on the standards of a mystery novel, there is little to distinguish this book.  The excitement "The Da Vinci Code" has generated rests not in its literary merits, but rather on the supposed "historical truths," sensational in nature, upon which the story is based.<br/>Unfortunately, huge chunks of Brown's material have been lifted from the book "Holy Blood, Holy Grail," by mssrs. Baigent et al.  While "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" is in itself a very entertaining book, it is also the worst example of pseudohistorical conspiracy theory masquerading as genuine historical scholarship.  Most of the theories within "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" are (even by the authors' own admission!) pure speculation that cannot be supported by historical evidence.<br/>Brown appears to have cobbled together a few other conspiracy theories, relating to the Priory of Sion &amp; Rennes-le-Chateau (all equally dubious).  He also puts forth the ludicrous but hilarious contention that the Emperor Constantine practically pulled the notion of Christ's divinity out of thin air --- a contention so easily disproven by the historical record that it hardly merits mentioning.  Mostly, however,  his "exhaustive historical research" seems to rest with lifting big chunks of material from "Holy Blood, Holy Grail."<br/>Anybody with a few minutes to kill can search the internet for sources that can easily debunk just about all of the historical "facts" that are cited in this novel.  When the validity of the history evaporates, the sensational nature of the novel similarly disappears.<br/>One suspects that Brown knows that he is mostly re-hashing a bunch of pseudohistorical gobbledygook, but is banking on the general ignorance of his readers, and it appears that in this case, his research was (for once) both thorough &amp; accurate.
 I review this book with caution as it appears readers seem to either love or hate the book. Personally, I found the book fascinating. It has me looking up the true origin of any old term of phrase or symbol that I come across nowadays. It makes me think more deeply about all those symbols which we use so matter of factly that they are no longer truly symbolic. Sure, everyone has a sense of what the Nike swoosh stands for, but what about Leonardo Da Vinci's "Last Supper"? Nobody really studies those things any more, and they have become a  lost history among our society.<br/>It is with skill, then, that Dan Brown manages to interest his readers into a topic that is almost a millenium old.  He appears to have done a bunch of research for this book. Not only that, but he also put a lot of effort into making that research come to life without seeming overwhelmingly heavy or detailed in the prose. That's not an easy thing to do, and it's what I most admire about the book. You only need to pick up a bunch of academic papers to realise that "english" is not a first language when it comes to scientific debate. We rely on journalists, movie directors and authors like Dan Brown to make such laden themes with their secretive and prohibitive language digestible for the general public's enjoyment.<br/>Rather than taking the easy route by writing a simple, straight lined story about some art historian's discovery of the symbology of the Holy Grail, Brown created a mixture of interesting characters that each play a definitive role in his murder mystery. It's a combination of an Agatha Christie novel and a fictional history book. The skill of combining those diverse elements cannot have been easy, yet Brown manages to bring it off with a simplistic flair.<br/>In truth, his story is captivating. It starts off with a bang - a murder of a curator. The audience is carried along with the main characters, and for a good part of the book we are shrouded by the truth. If you love solving puzzles, you will be able to "beat" the character to identifying the next clue or uncovering critical bits of information  by looking closely at the text (mirrors recommended).<br/>Of course, no one is expecting a work of fiction to be entirely based on truth, but Brown has a different treatment of the age old topic of the Holy Grail and his take on it I found to be interesting.<br/>Moreover, it has all the things a good book should have: it's engaging, easy to read in bite size chunks that should appeal to the general public, it's full of action and mystery, and it's well researched, thus has a ring of truth to it. I feel I must "defend" this book because I enjoyed every minute of reading it even though that opinion is probably not in vogue with "serious" readers.
 This book didn't do it for me like it did alot of people.  I feel it just didn't flow like the other books do.  I found it a struggle to finish, but in direct contrast is "Angels and Demons".  I decided to give Brown another chance, frankly, because I read the first few pages in the book store and found myself racing to get home to read it.  It seriously captivated me and I usually do not go for this genre.  Love it!
 How big is this book? Literally how many pages? A ton.  It doesn't matter.  No really it doesn't matter.  I got on a plane in Philly headed to Palm Springs.  I flew across the country reading the whole way, drove from LAX to Palm Springs.  I kept thinking about this twist, that charactor and talking to myself about it the entire drive.  I got to the hotel at Midnight (3 am my time)and ordered some non-airplane food and sat up to read until 4 am west coast time.  Is that insane?  I enjoy reading don't get me wrong, but this was horrible, in a good way.  I could not put it down.<br/>The next morning, I was by the pool by nine am.  I was in my cabana reading all morning.  I was so wrapped up that Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamil were in the cabana next to me and rather than listen in to movie star conversation, I read the book.  Even when she came into my cabana to get her daughter's toy, rather than enter into polite I acknowledged her and went back to my book.  What does that tell you about the book?
 I never would have picked this book to read, but after seeing the clear split of those who hated the book and those that loved it and why, I bought it. That it has stirred such controversy is interesting, particularly since the ideas the author presents have been around for a very long time. Some readers appear to be deeply offended by the storyline.  All the better I say, makes you think doesn't it?  Whether you choose to believe or even consider the validity of the storyline, if you enjoy a thought provoking book the DaVinci Code is a must read!
 Riveting and compelling. Edge of your seat!
 it is indeed interesting one. although dan brown maybe use too often the knack of suspense. at the ending of many chapters he presents the surprise and cut. it is not a bad knack, but too often.<br/>well, some flaws here. first, does the author determine which month the story happened? one place it said it is April, and near end it becomes november. second, why did Fache let robert longden go to the rest room without escort him? even with monitor, it is so un-professional. Third, after two trivial one, there is a big blow, why did the sibling of jesus and mary have to flee to england that time? because that time, according to the book, desciples treated jeses as prophet. until two hundred and some years later, when emporor constante tried to change the image of jesus as god, well, again according to the book, then there was danger for all offsprings of jesus to be eliminated. so why two hundreds and some years before, the daughter of jesus had to escape to england? besides, two hundred years is a long time for having offspring. it could be seven generations there. well, it is a fiction only, an interesting one.
 Dan Brown masters the art of suspense, thriller, and twist with The Da Vinci Code. However, I feel as though he did it a bit too much and ended up sacrificing the overall quality of the book. Throughout it, Dan Brown will have a plot unfold and abruptly end the chapter right at the climax. While I'll admit that this makes me want to read much more, it's also annoying to the reader. I also feel as though Brown did a better job with creating romantic tension between Langdon and Sophie than he did with Langdon and Vittoria in Angels in Demons. Dan Brown also did a better job with researching historical facts that help point Langdon to the answers than he did in Angels in Demons. While Brown did use his knowledge of history and art to masterfully create an excellent mystery, he sometimes will lecture the reader on history that seems to be completely irrelevant to the story. The Da Vinci Code is a great read that will encapsulate the reader and keep them sucked into the story until its end.
 This is a great book that is worth reading. The whole concept regarding DaVinci is very intriguing and you do not run cross many dull moments in the story. The whole ordeal makes you wonder and think about what may have happened. Some people have a problem regarding some of the facts presented but readers must keep in mind that this book is fiction, not meant to be taken as fact.<br/>Its a great novel full of action and suspense. I have not read any other works by Dan Brown, but may start now.
 A murder at Louvre museum with more deathly consequences than originally imagined, sets into motion plot upon plot with secrets that may or may not be best if revealed. Who do you trust? That's the question Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu must answer, and this is only the beginning. This book will lead you on a crusade that in the end makes you wonder how far are we willing to extend ourselves to hurt, help or protect another.<br/>One thing I loved about this book is that it seemed real. So often books are written where you find yourself saying, "That wouldn't happen" or "Come on, give us (readers) some credit here." Not only was this book entertaining, but I learned things that made me in the end say, "Wow!"<br/>It's difficult for me to find many books that cause me to stop and say to others, "You must read this book." One author who comes to mind was Og Mandino. Personally, I enjoyed The Da Vinci Code, and I take my hat off to Dan Brown for this obviously well researched piece of Da Vinci-like work!<br/>Vanessa Davis Griggs<br/>Author of: Promises Beyond Jordan
 Review by Richard Gray<br/> ...]<br/>Robert Langdon, a famous Harvard Symbologist, gets woken by the police late one night while in Paris to give a lecture. He finds that the elderly curator of Louvre has been murdered, his body stripped naked, laid spread eagle, with a pentacle carved into his body and a coded message written beside him. Robert also finds that he is the primary suspect for the murder, and that the French police chief, Fache, may need to convict Langdon to save his own job.<br/><br/>Helped by police code-breaker, and the granddaughter of the Louvre curator, Sophie Neveu, Langdon flees the crime scene in hope of either making it to the US embassy to avoid being convicted of a murder he didn't commit, or solve the strange code left by the body in hopes of proving his innocence.<br/><br/>At the risk of spoiling anything (though if you've read any of the controversy around this book this part is probably already spoiled) Langdon finds that in order to prove his innocence he must find The Holy Grail which is protected by a secrete society called The Priory of Sion. The 'Holy Grail' isn't actually a cup that held Christ's blood, it is actually the bones of Mary Magdalene, the woman who Jesus is supposed to have married, and documents that show Jesus and Mary had children and that Jesus was not divine, simply a great prophet.<br/><br/>As you can probably tell from the last paragraph, this book has ruffled the feathers of many Christians out there, particularly Catholics. Langdon puts forth an alternative version of history that is more or less well researched and will probably seem more appealing to those who are not  upset by the idea of Jesus having a wife, or that Jesus is not necessarily divine.<br/><br/>However, this is not to say that all of the claims that Brown makes, or seems to support in this book, are on steady ground. Much of this book is built around proving that Da Vinci believed this version of history by examining his artwork. Some of these 'symbologist' proofs are very interesting, and others are stretching it. There is also the looming, annoying flaw in his logic that just because Da Vinci believed a certain version of history, does not make that version of history correct, regardless of wether or not he was the head of the Priory of Sion.<br/><br/>All of the controversy aside, this is an enjoyable read, though I don't think that, as a novel, it deserves all of the attention that it's getting. Brown is a very skilled writer as far as crafting his sentences and paragraphs, but the plot is a bit formulaic and even verges on unintentional silliness. The ultra short chapters, the constant running and narrow escapes, and how the main characters literally take turns solving the little puzzles makes things a bit tiresome.  The plot structure reminded me of the Doctor Who episodes I used to watch as a kid, only instead of time lords, Cyber men and Darleks, you have art symbologists, Opus Dei, and the Priory of Sion.<br/><br/>The book is best read just one short chapter a day (some chapters are short enough to be put on a daily calendar) and if you try to read much more than that the repetitive plot structure might start to get on your nerves. There were points in the story where, if I read too much of it at once,  I'd say to myself, "For non-divine Christ sakes, not another puzzle. Just find the blasted thing!"<br/><br/>People who thoroughly enjoy riddles, cross word puzzles, and constant narrow escapes will probably give this book 4 or 5 out of five stars. If you don't fall into that category then this is a solid 3 stars. Also people who don't read very often, or who prefer short, sweet chapters will probably find this book a safe bet. It's a good book, but it just doesn't live up to all of the hype. If the alternative version of history is what draws you to it, then you might be better served by picking up a copy of "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" which seems to be one of Brown's predominant historical sources.<br/><br/>Richard Gray<br/><br/> ...]
 The Da Vinci Code is a very good mystery/thriller, tying many historical facts and historical theories together in a modern background.  Politics, religion, deceit, international intrigue, all rolled together in a compelling story.  There are many unexpected twists and turns in the plot, and the reader never knows what will happen next.  The book is hard to put down, and the characters are believable and likeable.  A highly recommended book.
 I believe the Da Vinci Code answers a few questions, but opens more up at the same time.  The "Hype" derives from the same kind of hype that was for the "Rolling Stones" or anyone else the first of their kind.  This book is the first of its kind, though like the Rolling Stones, it's STILL pretty damn entertaining.  Yes, the characters are flat, but the myth is the center of the plot, and character developement is held to a minimum since this takes place in only a day (sorry if I gave away some of the plot).  The book is action-orientated, I felt I was traveling along the various destinations and I believe that's what a book should do.  As said in the previous opinion, don't read too seriously into this book, while most of it is factual, the truth can never be certain.  Come away reading from this book not changing your religion but by changing the way you view the world.  As Socrates once put it, "The unexamined life for man is not worth living"
 I just finished a furious 2 days reading this book.  The pace of this book sure isn't slow.  It did remind me somewhat of a movie - but that wasn't a bad thing.  The one thing about this book is that the story left me with questions - good questions - about our world, our religions, and symbols.<br/>Read over some of the other reviews of this, here and elsewhere.  You can tell by some of the reviewers comments that they take personal offense to this book and the topic discussed.  I have seen several websites that set out to "debunk" this book, which is quite humorous to me.  It is kind of like those rabid Star Trek fans who try to find flaws in the episodes.  (psst - it is fiction)<br/>Dan Brown writes an enticing, interesting story.  Of course there are others out there that cover this topic, but Dan Brown does a very good job of introducing the ideas to a public that may not know about it.  Do the ideas presented here hold water outside the covers of this book?  After reading it, I want to find out how much of it is fiction, how much is fact, and how much is somewhere in-between.  To me, that is the mark of a good book.  Just like a movie, I don't think all the questions should be answered within the beginning and ending pages.<br/>Just like religion, you shouldn't let other people make your decisions for you.  Read the book, and make up your own mind.
 A conspiracy/mystery story written in simplistic, episodic fiction. It's touted to be (according to the back cover) "an exhilarating brainy thriller." In fact, this book is simply horrible. The writing is as bland as anything I've ever read. The characters are as deep as a puddle of mud.<br/>What's most disturbing are the factual inaccuracies, and this book is filled with them. It begins with the word "FACT," and then seems to imply that everything in the story is somehow based on fact. But it's not, and Brown gets even simple things like dates wrong. For example, the Dead Sea scrolls were found in 1947, not in "the 1950's" as one of Brown's character's claims. Another example: One of Brown's characters says that in the non-canonical Gospel of Philip, Jesus refers to Mary Magdalene as his "companion," which in the Aramaic language is synonymous with "wife." The problem, though, is that the Gospel of Philip was not written in Aramaic but in Greek. The same character, Teabing, says the vote at the Council of Nicea was "relatively close." Sure: 300 to 3.<br/>An in-depth view of all the factual mistakes in this piece of trash can be found here:  ...] with another good resource here  ...]<br/>The DaVinci Code is, in short, a waste of time. There is nothing good about the writing, and as far as the "facts" of the book go, about the only thing I would say is correct is the page numbering.
 Annotation: A mysterious Death takes place at a famous art museum. The French Police are convinced that the killer is Robert Langdon, which gets him involved in finding the killer himself. After a sequence of events he learns who the true killer is and the reason he killed the famous curator of the art museum.<br/>Author bio:Dan Brown is the author of many bestselling novels. His novels have been translated and published in 40 different languages. Dan is the son of a math professor and a professional sacred musician. Dan's wife, Blythe, is an art historian and painter who helps with his research and goes on reasearch trips with him.<br/>Evaluation: This was a good book. The keyword being good. It was an entertaining book and kept me wanting to read more, most of the time. At parts, the book was extremely boring and I wanted nothing more that to put the book down. But then it would get interesting agin. One thing that really irritated me about the book was the way it seemed to preach to me and it had a lot of information that really wasnt needed. I found myself skipping over many pages and picking up again and still I knew and understood what was happening in the book. The last few chapters make of the book were incredibly awesome. they made the book compltely worth sticking with and worth reading. If you're into mysterious thrillers that keep you guessing, or if you are in the mood to read a historical fiction book with good factual information than this is a book for you.
 First, as to the quality of writing, Dan Brown deserves a B-. The plot moves along at a good pace, and I personally liked the short chapters, which were reminiscent of a movie script. The downside of his writing was the lack of character development, and the dialogue that was way too simplistic and boring, even childlike.<br/><br/>The star of The Da Vinci Code is the subject matter, specifically, the Jesus and Mary Magdalene relationship. Dan Brown's book is convincing that there really is something to this whole thing. I'm not saying that I'm convinced that Jesus was married and had a child by Mary. I'm saying that a lot of people in years goneby believe he did, and one of those is Leonardo. Anyone who looks at Da Vinci's Last Supper and can't see that that person next to Jesus is a chick and not a dude, needs glasses and possibly therapy of some kind. As for the so-called experts who try to explain this away by saying that John was the youngest apostle, and therefore, beardless and feminine in comparison with the other apostles, you've got to be kidding! John was a rugged fisherman, and one who Jesus referred to as a "Son of Thunder", a very masculine term. (see Mark 3:17).
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Angel-Hunter/dp/1595072160/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Angel Hunter</a><br/>Anyone who finds this book offensive to their Christian faith has missed the brilliance of the entire novel. Robert Langdon admits when he was a boy-drowning in a well-that is was Jesus who came and gave him the strength to tread water all night until he was found. It was in this moment of intense need and desperation that faith empowered Robert. Why does anything else need to be said or any other prose critiqued concerning the credibility of Dan Brown as a writer or a man of faith? The strongest case that he makes, through the experience of his character, is missed by the naysayers and so called faithful.  Read the book for the subtle and deep value Dan Brown puts on faith, not dogma, not theocracy, and not belief systems that tumble when challenged with logic.  Jesus:  mortal or divine, myth or man, was there when young Robert needed him. That's all any of us need isn't it?
 This book was fun, filled with suspense, mystery, and was highly creative.  I loved how Langdon had to put all the pieces of the puzzle together to solve the mystery at the end.  If you haven’t already read it or watched the movie, I encourage you to do so.  You will not be disappointed.
 This book was obviously written with the film rights in mind. it starts out with a somewhat interesting premise, but rapidly becomes completely unbelievable. The detectives and prime suspect all do things that strain my ability to suspend disbelief beyond the breaking point. The history and explanation of the hidden codes were interesting, but could probably be explained better in a straightforward and scholarly book better. The story started out unbelivable and got worse from there.
 The Da Vinci Code is a controversial novel that has conjured many debates.  While certain American authors including Nelson DeMille agree that the book is "pure genius," others are unconvinced and believe that it should be banned because of its religious references. Although I thought The Da Vinci Code was a relatively entertaining book, I expected it to be better than it actually was.  My expectations for the novel were exceptionally high because it has been on the New York Times Bestseller list for the past couple of years.  Despite my expectations, I enjoyed the thrilling suspense in the development of the plot, but was disappointed by the ending of the novel.<br/><br/>  Dan Brown has a way of capturing the reader's attention and maintaining it throughout the novel.  After the death of Jacques Saunière, Brown incorporates shocking surprises and twists such as the betrayals of Leigh Teabing and Remy that ultimately force audiences to continue reading.  Although the plot became somewhat dull when religious concepts such as the Holy Grail and the Knights Templar were explained, the storyline kept me interested for 454 pages.  Since I am not familiar with Christianity, I found myself researching religious topics while reading, which became tedious.  Consequently, I disliked the ending because it was really open-ended.  I did not feel like there was a concrete conclusion to the novel.  Robert Langdon and readers are left perplexed about the whereabouts of the Holy Grail as well as the meaning of the verse Saunière leaves in the cryptex.<br/><br/>  Accordingly, I would recommend this novel to anyone seeking an entertaining, suspenseful read.  The plot takes some time to reach its climax, but once it is there, the fascinating storyline carries audiences to the end.  Even though the ending of the book could have been better, I believe The Da Vinci Code is a novel that everyone should take the opportunity to read.
 Religious symbolism expert Robert Langdon is urgently summoned to the Louvre to investigate a bizare murder.  The grandaughter of the deceased knows that it is a sting operation and Langdon is the prime suspect.  Sophie and Robert run through Paris and London, unraveling clues while staying ahead of the authorities.<br/>There are very few people in America who haven't heard of Dan Brown's best-selling thriller The Da Vinci Code.  The "conspiracy thriller" is based on the premise that the Church (meaning the Catholic church) has surpressed critical, non-Biblical facts about the life of Christ.<br/>  If you claim that Jesus was married and had a child, you will get flack no matter how many copies you sell.<br/>The Da Vinci Code is a well-spun mystery (I hesitate to call it a thriller) that makes big claims backed up with almost completely phony research.  Even liberal reviewers gave Brown a hard time.  When attacked by historians, Brown affirmed that every thing in the book was fact.<br/>  I've gotten different opinions from Christian who have read the book or seen the movie.  Some feel threatened, but Brown's dull axe, if you will, is only a threat to those unwilling to research.  The majority of Christians I've talked to enjoyed the story and left the theology.<br/>  The final word?  Read if you are willing to do some extra research.  If you decide to read or watch The DaVinci Code, add The Case for Christ by Lee Strobel and Cracking the DaVinci Code (or a similar book) to your home library.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/>*Exciting plot<br/>*Believable dialougue<br/>*Decent prose style (those who bash Brown's style have had the luxury of never reading truly ban prose)<br/>*Clues and riddles actually solveable by real people<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>*Religious sexual content (the worst is at the end of chapter 74)<br/>*Language (not horrible; probably one mild every other chapter)<br/>*Mild alchohol<br/>*Heavily unbiblical theology and world views<br/>*Occasional clunky language (once again, it's not as bad as many negative reviews make out.<br/>*Evil Albino trope is getting old<br/><br/> ...]
 I don't even want to begin to describe anything within the book because I would feel that I would give something away to those who haven't read it yet. I can, however, say this: READ THIS BOOK. Quite simple, I know, but there is no other way for me to express myself. This book was FANTASTIC. I have read plenty of page turners, but I literally could not get any work done while I was reading this book. Dan Brown is truly a master story teller. I don't even want this book to be made into a movie in fear that the story will be ruined. I can keep going on and on for pages about this book, but I wont because I don't want people to spend time reading my review instead of reading The Da Vinci Code
 I trudged through this book years ago.  This is the kind of read, that you force yourself to finish, hoping that the end will justify the means.  It doesn't!!  I recently read another lengthy and predictable novel (also with a very dense main character) and feel compelled to write this review.  It feels as if  Dan Brown was being paid by the word... this whole silly, triangle opus could have been a much more satisfying short story, and the earth could have saved a few million trees.
 I had heard of the theory that Christ married Mary Magdalene, survived the crucifixion and emigrated to the south of what is now France.
 How many times do you read that someone "couldn't put it down", and then, when you read it, you're putting it down to see what's on TV? Well, in this case, it's not an exaggeration. Simply put, Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" is THE "can't put down" novel of Spring, 2003.<br/>Part rousing fiction thriller, part historical treatise, "The Da Vinci Code" spins the tale of secret societies, religious fervor, all intertwined in the brilliant mind of one Leonardo Da Vinci. Robert Langdon, symbologist, is called to the Louvre in the middle of the night after the death of an important curator. Suddenly, he is plunged into the vortex of a criminal investigation that is both in and out of his control. Once the mystery starts, it simple doesn't stop or even slow down.<br/>Dan Brown's writing style is brisk, inventive, and not terribly deep, which is absolutely perfect for this genre. Each chapter is only a few pages long, which moves the story from one locale to another without so much as a blink. Just as you get involved in one thread, it stops at a crucial point, and he picks up the second thread. It's perfectly attuned to keep you in tune with this book.<br/>Be prepared to see "The Da Vinci Code" on the bestseller list for months to come. And read it before everyone else does!
 After reading The DaVinci Code, I find it to be fantastic for what it is-an entertaining novel.<br/><br/>The book's main character is Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor/expert in symbology who is trying to solve a murder using his knowledge of symbols and puzzles.  Although this sounds implausible at first, Dan Brown does a good job of establishing a logical progression.  The prose is simple and easy to follow, and since every chapter ends in a cliffhanger, it is difficult to put down.<br/><br/>Some issues to be warned about-the plot of the book involves the Catholic Church and the Opus Dei movement.  Although Brown does not implicate the Church in evil activities, many critics knock the book for blurring the line between fact and terrific fiction.<br/><br/>Second, the book is written in a simple prose and a cheap thriller style.  This is not an artsy book with themes about mermaids or man's inhumanity to man.<br/><br/>Third, there are several facts which Brown gets wrong, such as the directions of Paris when describing the journey through the city.  Just as moviegoers suspend their disbelief when viewing a thrilling action flick, readers of the DaVinci Code must realize that they're in for a Hollywood-ized version of art history and religious symbolism.<br/><br/>All that being said, this book deserves five stars for what it is: an entertaining, gripping novel that's easy to read and hard to put down.  If you're looking for more depth, or an analysis of religious history, then look elsewhere.
 It is so nice that this book is bringing a controversy that never ended to our attention again!!  Major scholars are also backing this up!!  Richard Rubenstein, a Rhodes scholar AND professor of conflict resolution SPECIALIZING IN RELIGIOUS CONFLICT, in WHEN JESUS BECAME GOD, "With vivid detail and meticulous research recreates the political intrigue, riots, and power struggles of one of the most critical moments in history  - one with startling parallels to our own time."  This CONTINUING STRUGGLE split the eastern and western church YEARS LATER and is playing out today, thanks to books like Dan Brown's.
 Dan Brown brings back Robert Langdon (Angles and Demons) in his roll as the great symbologist to unravel an ancient mystery. The book is a fast paced ride through Europe and the mystery of history that is really enjoyable. It is remarkable to me how so many people have taken this work of FICTION so literally and shamelessly exploited the masses to enrich themselves; the books on the market that are supposed to "debunk" this work of FICTION are too numerous to count.<br/><br/>If you like great fiction and a fast paced well written story then take off your literalist TRUTH hat and enjoy a wild ride with Langdon and the other characters in this great book. As a biblical scholar I highly recommend this work it has elements of truth, that come out of myth, and is as I stated, very entertaining.
 I listened to this book on CD because so many friends recommended the book. I'm not a mystery reader but thought I'd give it a try. Why all the hype? The book includes one tired cliché after another (His blood ran cold. No wait! Now his blood is boiling!). And somehow at just the right time the main characters stumble across exactly what they need to advance their investigation.<br/>And the audio recording? Egad. The reader outdoes Inspector Clouseau with the phony French accent, but this isn't supposed to be funny.<br/>My advice: Skip it.
 i couldnt stop  turning the pages with thus one.it was spectacular!basicly theres 2 people looking for a bit of irrefutable proof jesus was mortal and well liked but not a miracle man in the form of the "holy grail".what ends up happening is they delve deeper and deeper into the world of some secret society.they never really do say at the end.its chalked full of theology,but im educated in that respect and had no trouble following the book.jesus was a man.but the one god decided to perform miracles through and,of course,his son..im sure this book is gonna piss a lot of people off .i also think it was unwise for whoever to put this out both for thier health and for thier spiritual profile.its interesting to read but ultimately a ultra-let down.
 This book is the perfect solution for people that want to follow along (checking out the paintings and such), without having to read at your computer googling every couple pages. The first time I read the normal edition (that I had borrowed from the library), but when I went to buy my own copy I saw there was an illustrated edition and bought this one instead. There is no comparison - I enjoyed the book even more with all the extras I could want right there in front of me and can't imagine reading it any other way now.
 I am not one to sit down and read a 400+ page book, but I was indeed possessed to do so and I picked it up and read page one - then I was hooked!<br/>It is a fasciniating murder mystery that gripped me from the git-go. I found it to be written well - an easy read, yet it engaged my intellect. The book is well researched. I can't even begin to imagine the amount of time and effort that went into researching and writing this book!<br/>I will also tell you I loved the ending. It wasn't corny or sappy, but it felt real. It ended in a way that I was satisfied and not left wishing for a different ending. It felt good when I was done.<br/>Mr. Brown did an excellent job on this masterpiece. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys an interesting and gripping read.
 Fun, fast facts about intriguing subjects (templars, paganism, big, bad catholic church, big, bad men...) I thought it would make a good afternoon movie for Lifetime for Women channel.  However, bad characterizations, flimsy plotlines, and that oh so condescending "all scholars agree that Christ wasn't God and Da Vinci and Newton were Goat-head wearing fertility god and goddess worshipers... like me!" comments denigrated from the story.  Umberto Echo in "Foucalt's Pendelum" handled the tangled web and intentional ambiguity of early Christian/Mason/Templar symbology and mythology better than this book.  My deep despair is in the book reviews written here by readers who take it all as unambiguous fact and state "I never knew that Christianity was nothing more than just a corruption of the TRUE naturalistic religions of Sex worshipping Pagans.  I'll just grab the kids and join the local Wicca coven.  Hope they have a Sunday School for Junior!"
 One of the members of my book club recommended this book and I purchased it, aware of some of the things revealed within this mystery/thriller.  But not all of them - I had never heard of the Priory of Sion. It's a good read - quite revealing.  As someone who appreciates the artwork of Leonardo DaVinci, I found the information about the "secrets" behind his paintings very interesting.<br/>"The DaVinci Code" is best read with an open mind.  Believe it or not - or choose to simply look at it as a fictional book wrapped in what some claim to be historical fact. It's worth the read.
 I wasn't really planning to read this book, but when someone gave me the illustrated edition, I couldn't resist. I'm glad I did read it. It's a great yarn, and very well written...exciting to read without the illustrations, but the pictures make it even more dramatic.<br/><br/>I still believe that the holy grail is just a myth, but so is much official church doctrine. And while the holy grail fetish is easy enough to ignore, official church doctrine has many times been enforced with violence. So I think it's a good thing that this novel has gotten many people to question the validity of blindly accepting dogma.
 I found it to be a bit self-congratulatory.  While the word puzzles and riddles that make up the bulk of the story were clever, the effect was ruined for me when, after each one, Brown states how clever they were and what a genius the character who "created" them was.  As a result, I read the book with the feeling that the author was telling me how clever HE is.<br/>Also, I've read most of the books Brown seemed to use as references, and he didn't seem to pick the best scholarship on the chosen topic.
 This thriller focuses on Robert Langdon, a Harvard University professor of symbology, who is in Paris on a speaking engagement. He is awakened in the middle of the night by the French police and implicated in the murder of the Louvre Museum curator.<br/><br/>With some help from a French police cryptographer, Sophie Neveau, who feels that he is being wrongly accused, he manages to escape and together they embark on a quest to find the real killer.<br/><br/>That quest leads to clues, puzzles and riddles that link back to an ancient society tasked with protecting the truth about Jesus Christ and unlock the greatest secret in Western civilization.<br/><br/>While the book is a work of fiction, Dan Brown has done an exhaustive amount of research to ensure that his explanations and depictions of history and the ancient societies that are featured in the book are as accurate as possible. I felt like<br/>Brown did a good job of researching computer encryption algorithms and network security for his book Digital Fortress, but that research pales in comparison with both the depth and scope of the research for The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>There is no shortage of critics of Brown's research or his depictions of events. When you introduce evidence and arguments which, if true, shake the foundation on which the entire religion of Christianity is based, there are bound to be skeptics.<br/><br/>In Brown's defense, he is a writer first and foremost, not an art historian or theologian. In defense of Brown's research, he is not a heretic who thought up the concepts he describes. There are plenty of resources that agree with the version of history and events described in The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>Frankly, even an art historian or a theologian in my opinion can not state for certain how things are. That is why it is called "faith". Brown's book gives you plenty to think about though in exploring the roots of that faith.<br/><br/>(...)
 Critics say he copied the story, it has no depth, no culture. OK so this may hold some truth, but who REALLY cares? Dan Brown is making the story more accesible (look at the sales figures) and comprehensible (as the bible could be considered to have?) to the overall human population. The significance of such remarks depends a lot on whose reading it!! No matter who you are, it is worth reading and absorbing as it is highly likely that you will find something within that makes you stop and think, question and wonder. Aside from that, it is easy to read, travels at break neck speed, has a great many plots with unexpected surprises and the characters are easy to associate with. It could have you questioning aspects of your religious beliefs that until now you have accepted or left unconsidered. It is likely to leave you hungry for the truth or searching for something that your mind can be happy with for now, until you forget about it once more. At worst, it may make one stop and consider factors that are normally accepted as a part of an upbringing. HPC.
 The Da Vinci Code follows the model that Dan Brown set in Angels and Demons.  Robert Langdon, ostensibly a symbologist, visits Paris, where he is dragged into the investigation of a killing - not as a consultant, but as a suspect.  In the Louvre lies the body of a famous curator, with Langdon's name beside the body.  The sudden appearance of the curator's daughter triggers the opening glimpses of a plot nearly 2,000 years old and Langdon finds himself fleeing for his life across Europe with the beautiful Sophia.<br/>As the story deepens we discover that Sauniere's death was the opening salvo in a renewed conflict between the Priory of Sion and the Catholic Church.  The target is the grail and its unlimited power.  Typical of a Brown story, the plot unfolds frantically of a short time window (no one every sleeps in Dan Brown novel).  Be prepared for a short course in the alternative history of Christianity and the forces around it.<br/>Brown creates the basis of his plot out of all the paranoid plots of the ancient world, as well as drawing heavily on some of the Catholic Church's less salient moments.  I wouldn't say that the book is totally anti-Church, but a very grim picture is painted of both the origins of modern Christianity in the Council of Nicaea, and the present day Opus Dei movement.  To say that this is controversial is to understate the point.<br/>Despite Brown's tendency to be overly didactic (everything gets explained in excruciating detail), the book is much better written than its predecessor.  Adventure/suspense stories are rarely stages for much character development, and this is no exception.  But in terms of a continuous flow of action and an intricate plot with countless twists, the book is quite readable.<br/>Keep in mind that Brown has woven this story out of an unlimited number of legends and half-truths.  In other words, don't take it seriously or mistake the book for an attempt to defame the religious.  Don't make it any more real than it actually is.
 Wow. I admit I actually enjoyed the story itself -- likable characters, lots of action, twists and turns.<br/><br/>However, in retrospect, I did start to tire of all the plot twists. It's like Brown just wanted to keep shaking things up as if that was his entire goal of writing. It seems I see that more and more today -- that a book can't be suspenseful and linear, but has to just keep surprising us. Gives me whiplash, but it was a fun read.<br/><br/>Bigger issue: the complete lack of historical accuracy for the underlying premises of the book was mind-numbing. I realize many readers would not even see this, but it's still disturbing, and for me it spoiled the book. It's really just an education tool promoting a modern twist on ancient Gnosticism and other trendy (in some circles) ideas packaged inside of a suspense novel. I say one star.
 The Da Vinci Code is a novel that will make the world make a little more sense after you have finished reading it. This novel combines intelligent writing with strong religious content, and has more incoherent plot twists than a Spanish soap opera. This novel can very well be one of the best novels that I have ever read.<br/><br/>  The novel's strong religious content has the ability to  grab you and keep you reading for hours,(because, one thing is for sure,I know that I did).<br/><br/>  The Da Vinci Code also features the protagonist, Robert Langdon, a professor at the university of Harvard, getting an urgent call from a religious scholar named Jacques Sauniere, to have a meeting with him at the L'ouvre museum in Paris. Once Robert Langdon arrives at the museum, he meets a Paris police officer, named Capitain Fache. Fache is investigating the murder of the scholar Jacques Sauniere, the very same person that had contacted Langdon!<br/><br/>  Once the two have met, they begin to search the museum for clues to help them solve the murder and discover what has truly happened.<br/><br/>  As mentioned above, The Da Vinci Code has many twists and turns in its' great plot. At more than one moment in the novel, you think that you may know a character very well, and at the next, he may be a formidable antagonist. The novel is extremely well written as well, and will most likely keep you hooked from the very begining. The book also features references to Leonardo Da Vinci, Sir Isaac Newton, and, to my surprise, even Walt Disney! This novel also has lots of surprises in store for you.<br/><br/>  Now, I was very lucky to read the Special Illustrated Edition of this great novel. What this special edition has is remarkably detailed photographs and illustrations which are  rendered in full colour, almost on every page. This is extremely helpful because the novel uses an advanced vocabulary, and I could not have understood some of the more advanced words, such as pentacle or what spread-eagle means. The novel also uses a bit of french from time to time, but it is very basic, and should not give you a hard time. As I have said, the illustrations help a great deal in making more sense out of the novel, and to paint a picture in your mind of what the novel is trying to tell you. Depending on your vocabulary, though, it would be safe to say that the Special Illustrated Edition would be well worth picking up.<br/><br/>  Now, I would like to say that this is the best novel that I have ever read, no questions asked. However, this book is not reccomendable to everyone, which is it's only drawback. I say this because, as stated before, the novel contains religious content that may not be suitable to people of all ages, as some people may become offended by the theories it presents. Other than this rather small drawback, this book stands out to me the most, and highly deserves all of it's critical acclaim. It also grabs people who have never been that interested in reading, like myself, and keeps them hooked. I would give this amazing novel five out of five stars.
 Hey Folks,<br/>This one is just fun. Not even done yet and I'll recommend it. Yes its fiction but it does make you think about alot more than just the plot. The plot itself is straight-forward fare and it works well enough to keep things moving, it's thriller afterall. I have fun doing some research on the topics that make up the historical background to the story and when a book gets me learning new things while enjoying a good read well, I recommend it. So check it out and enjoy
 This book is certainly filled with all the twists and turns, plots and subplots, and strange alliances which make it a page-turning best-seller.  The murder of a museum curator occurs in the Louvre during the first chapter.  As the man is dying, he leaves a series of convoluted clues which his granddaughter Sophie and an historical symbologist named Robert Landgon, spend the rest of the book trying to follow.  What is their objective?  The Holy Grail, which is given a different spin in this book.  While there are historical rumors about the nature of the Grail, not as the chalice used by Christ at the Last Supper but as something quite different, this book's fictional plot is based on shaky conjecture.  It is well-written and the plots weaves deliciously around so that yesterday's allies are today's enemies.  Despite its strengths, this book is on shaky ground and it was hard for me, as a Christian, to accept the basic premise.
 I loved this book - even after a few years, it stays firmly as one of my favorites.<br/><br/>In this novel by Dan Brown fiction is artfully mixed with history to create a plot thick with interesting characters, mystery and intrigue, that sucks you in until it's virtually impossible to put the book down and when you are not reading it you are likely thinking about it, at least some of the time.<br/><br/>Another part I very much like about this book is how Mr Bornw includes little known facts about how many of the holidays and customs typically though of as belonging to the Christian religion have actually been adapted from earlier, older religions - I think this might be useful in inspiring more respect for other people's religion and for religious freedom in general.<br/><br/>One small let-down is the end, typically Dan Brown's weak point: his novels seem to head off to a great start and quiockly and passionately develop a life of their own, until it's time to bring them to and end, and it usually is something that doesn't make the novel justice; however that is a small price to pay for such a wonderful book. I wish there were more like this!
 My realtor suggested this book and now I owe him!<br/>It starts off with the chief curator of the Louvre being murdered for a secret.  He lies to his killer; who leaves him to die.  The the curator does something strange.  He strips, draws wierd symbols on the floor, and sets off the alarm which seals him in the museum, and then he positions himself in a strage way!<br/>Enter: Robert Langdon a professor of symbology who was trying to get a decent nights sleep.  He is dragged to the scene and then becomes the main suspect for the murder!  His case is not helped by the fact he was supposed to meet the curator.  He evades capture with the help of a beautiful brilliant cryptologist with a past.<br/>You enter a world of intrigue that covers history, pagonism, Christianity, the Knights Tempelor, and a secret socity that is holding a closely guarded secret that may cause the downfall of Christianity!<br/>The characters are great!  Langdon is not Indiana Jones! He is a professor and lecturer who would probably shoot himself if he needed to handle a gun!<br/>Now as the the claims of Relgion bashing.  There is a HUGE clue on the cover of the book!  "A NOVEL by Dan Brown"  A person told me she saw Dan Brown speak and he said "It is a novel and that he stretched facts to fit the story!"<br/>It is a great read that draws you in.<br/>A good indicator of telling a good story is that people belive it to be true even when you tell them it is a novel!<br/>I will look at his other books and I kind of think this would make a great movie!
 The DaVinci Code was a page turner, I must say. I read it in nearly one sitting, and enjoyed it a lot. It's a good read, and a simple one. There were some complicated puzzles, some fascinating theories, and interesting facts. I'm hoping that Fibonacci sequences and the number PHI will be topics of conversation, when and if I get a chance to discuss this book with anyone. Also, I ran and got my book on Italian Renaissance Art when I read Brown's description of Leonardo's The Last Supper, and sure enough, he describes it accurately. It makes me want to find out more about Leonardo DaVinci, that's for sure.<br/>Since there are many reviews discussing the nature of the mystery, I won't bring that up other than to say Interesting. The Chalice as metaphor. I enjoyed the little plot twist at the end, dealing with the heroine's family, quite a bit.<br/>That having been said, I must qualify my enthusiasm.<br/>As much fun as this was to read, I was wondering about halfway through the book, "Well, wonder what difficulty they'll be running into now, and how they'll get out of it" in a ho-hum-who-really-cares way. There were just so MANY times the pair had to deal with entrapments, chases, thefts, guns, and the like.<br/>And, there was one place that is such a glaring flaw, I must mention it.<br/>At one point in the story, Langdon, Sophie, and Sir Leigh come across a clue written in mirror writing. This clue stumps them for quite a long time.<br/>Tell me, how is it that an expert on symbology, who has revealed time and time again his expertise in the life of Leonardo DaVinci, can miss so broadly and for so long, a clue written in mirror writing? How can a cryptology expert, whose grandfather's passion was Leonardo, not see the "(reverse) handwriting on the wall" and know it for what it is IMMEDIATELY? Also, a historian whose passion has been the Holy Grail, who knows everything about Leonardo that the hero and heroine know, is completely at a loss. Dan Brown only makes it worse by including a picture of what the clue looked like, within the text.<br/>Leonardo's penchant for writing his notebooks in mirror writing is well known to anyone who has ever read a Time Magazine article about the man. How then, can it be mistaken for the scrit of some ancient, lost culture, by people who specialize in the man's life? This part of the plot made me laugh out loud, and my respect for the story was somewhat disrupted. In the middle of a pretty good, intelligent story, it really stood out.<br/>Bottom line: mostly enjoyable, with one laughable, glaring, really STUPID plot error. Borrow it from your library if you see it on the "new book" shelf.
 I finished this book yesterday, but I was ready to write a review about half-way through.  I loved this book and could not put it down.  I have always enjoyed a good murder-mystery, but this book far exceeded my expectations.  I had no idea what I was walking into when I started reading Dan Brown.<br/>I learned so much.  I kept looking back toward the first page that says FACT: and goes on to list the organizations, artwork, architecture, documents and secreat rituals in this novel are real and described accurately.<br/>I am recommending this book to everyone that I know.  Not only was I learning a new and factual way to look at our history throughout the entire story, the suspense of the murder-mystery wouldn't allow me to put this novel down.<br/>You will not be disappointed.
 I heard how this book was taking the reading world by storm, so I knew it had to put it at the top of my summer reading list.  I had also just finished a European History survey class during the school year, so the fact that this book was based on historical European facts also sparked my interest.<br/>  After I started the book, I simply could not put it down!  Not only that, but I would find myself talking about it to my friends and family.  Either some have heard of it before, and are going to read it based on my reccomendation, or have already read it, and interesting conversations ensued.<br/>  Whenever Langston would go on one of his historical tangents (which, by the way, were always interesting and thematically significant, not simply a bragging showing of knowledge) I was always able to corroborate facts in the book with what I learned in my history courses, and personally expanded on these facts, which made the book even more enjoyable.  However, no enjoyment would be taken away by going into the story with little or no knowledge of history.
 Absolutely wonderful drama about a little known history of the world and how the Catholic Church has done every in their power to suppress it.
 The da Vinci Code is an exciting race from the Louvre to French castles to England, dealing with bizarre current cults and the heirs of the Knights Templar, linking the last supper of Jesus, the Crusades, Renaissance art, and mean French people.  As an historical thriller, it's very well done.<br/>The story sheds light on the Opus Dei sect of the Catholic Church, an actual group practicing aggressive psychological methods of recruiting, total salary donations, celibacy, and self-flagellation.  It also turns on an interesting interpretation of da Vinci's Last Supper in Milan.  For those less rooted in Renaissance iconography, don't be fooled by the theories stated to be commonly understood by art historians.  Without giving away the point of the story, for any Renaissance artist to depict a common sacred Christian theme with, say, eleven disciples rather than twelve, is pretty far fetched.  And, while Michaelangelo is famous for making his female figures look awfully male, da Vinci is equally noted for making many of his male figures look androgynous or angelic.  Different tastes.<br/>For those interested in the actual character depicted in this important scene, da Vinci's own notes label the disciple as James; the same James that Jesus entrusted to care for his mother from the cross.  Peter was asked to build the church; James to support Mary.  In this context, the position and pose makes perfect sense - more sense than the conspiracy, however interesting the conspiracy theory is.
 Dan Brown's managed to do the near impossible.  He's created an intensely readable and interesting book that ultimately misses the mark.  On his webpage Brown states that Robert Ludlum is one of his idols and a mystery writer he tries to imitate.  Well, I've read everthing Ludlum ever wrote and to paraphrase that famous presidential debate: "Mr. Brown, you're no Robert Ludlum."  This is not to say that this book is not deeply engaging and extremely well researched.  It is.  However, while Brown is very much at home in the world of Church history, crytology and numerology, he fails as a mystery writer.<br/>People who read mystery novels are very picky.  They don't want even a hint of "Deus ex machina" surprises.  The idea is to fool them up to the end and then slam-dunk them with a totally unexpected ending.  That's what mystery readers crave and why they read the genre.  The cardinal sin for these readers, however, is for an author to pull plot surprises on them that are fundamentally unbelievable.  The Da Vinci Code is chock full of these unsavory plot twists.  Mystery readers know they are in trouble from the very beginning. For instance, the police crytologist who shows up at the murder scene turns out to be the dead man's granddaughter. This kind of uncanny coincidence happens over and over again in the book.  And, most discourageing of all to the mystery fan, without these unlikely circumstances the story line falls apart.  No mystery reader with any experience has much use for this kind of writing.<br/>Other readers, like those interested in the inner workings of the Catholic Church, Opus Dei, the Knights Templars, etc, will have a field day with the book.  Even those schooled in Catholic theology will find rich food for thought. And Church history buffs will finally find something interesting to read.  Generally, anyone interested in the dark side of Christianity will find the book fascinating.<br/>There is one caveat that needs to be clearly stated: Mr. Brown's description of the 20th century Priory of Sion, an organization that plays a major role in the book, leaves out the group's nastier side. He paints a picture of a well meaning society of influential people who's only purpose is to hand on a secret message to the world at the proper time.  In fact, before and during world war II this organization was extremely anti-semitic and pro-Nazi. The Priory of Sion's publications during this period bare witness to their extreme right wing views.  Either Mr. Brown didn't do enough serious research or he chose to leave out this unsavory side of this secret society which plays such a pivotal role in his story.<br/>Aside from that omission, the text is full of intriguing research and little known facts.  It is a most interesting read, but a lousy mystery.
 This book should have been a screen play.  It would (or will) be a blockbuster movie, but the book lags, the characters are cardboard, and the plot development is uninteresting.  However, the ideas and history behind the book are exciting.  I had neither considered many of the symbols in art history before nor have I thought that the holy grail might be a person and not the cup of Christ.<br/>This is a quick read, but the writing quality isn't good enough to make this a classic.
 This was the first book I've read by Dan Brown and I loved it. It took me less than a week to finish it. Whether or not everything was historically accurate to the letter wasn't important to me-rather, I found the ideas presented to be intriguing, even if some literary license was used.<br/>Any open-minded person will enjoy this book. However, if you are close-minded and not open to different interpretations of religious doctrine, don't read this book-it will only upset you.<br/>I'm already reading my second D. Brown novel, Angels and Demons, and can hardly put it down.
 "The Da Vinci Code" is an amazing book. It has action, and has some surprising educational information. However, if you read it, you shouldn't actually go to the places these people went and expect to find some kind of treasure. Because you won't find it. The book is fiction, so just read it for the thrill and mystery and don't go putting yourself into the main character's shoes!<br/>(It's a good book!)
 This was by far the worst of Brown's books.  Angels &amp; Demons is a much better story.  Although I found the concept interesting, there was very little suspense in the book, and a disappointing ending.  If you have the "FACTS", spit them out.  What I've found interesting is the way Brown in all of his previous books let the reader almost believe the "conspiracy" then revealed it for what it was, a BIG HOAX!  However in DaVinci, he changes his patented ending and leaves these cleverly disguised 1/2 truths as "Facts".  Why the change in approach? Does he really want us to believe the ultimate conspiracy?  I've thoroughly enjoyed all of the other books, but, his agenda came through on this one and I'm extremely disturbed.  I hope that most people understand that a lot (maybe most) of the "FACTS" are not accurate (see  ...] Next time, Mr. Brown,  please get your facts straight; your credibility is now being questioned.  Maybe now I need to explore how much was accurate in Angels &amp; Demons.  I also found interesting the review below about the inaccurate descriptions of Paris.
 Watch out Michael Crichton, you've got competition. With "Da Vinci Code," Dan Brown rivals you for one-dimensional characters, preposterous plot and misogynistic flourishes. However, he does you one better with his crypto-paranoid conspiracy theories centering around the Catholic church and forays into third-rate art criticism. The appeal of "Da Vinci" is mystifying, especially when Brown's "Angels and Demons" is a far better book, if you want a religious thriller. That one actually thrills. This one just makes you snicker with its completely inept writing style, character development and plot. Never has Paris been so slighted in fiction-this book is supposedly set in the Louvre but Brown's Louvre has all the atmosphere of a mall poster shop. If you must read a thriller, try Dean Koontz. If you must read Dan Brown, try "Angels and Demons." This "Code" isn't worth cracking.
 This was a well put together suspense novel.  (Emphasis on the word novel.)  I thought I had the villain figured out and then it surprised me, which is a plus!  It had quick pacing, until it hit about 40 pages of explanation of the Holy Grail theory which went slightly over the top.  However, the pace picked up again for the rest of the story.  Overall, a good, fun read, but I wasn't able to see what qualities have left this book up so long on amazon.com's top 10 books sold list.  Take it with a grain of salt (after all, it doesn't have a bibliography) and enjoy it for the puzzle-solving and chase elements.
 I'm sure that everyone has heard of The Da Vinci Code's "evilness."<br/><br/>Well in regard to those Da Vinci Code haters... I have a couple words:<br/><br/>First of all, you preach that this book is evil. That it should be banned. Why? Is your faith so weak that it can't withstand a fictional book!? Besides is not the foundation of Christianity faith!? Shouldn't you believe unfailingly that God is real? That God will come again to save us all? Is one little book seriously going to change this belief? Are you now a pagan because you have accidently read The Da Vinci Code?<br/>If reading this book has upset your religious beliefs than what kind of christian were you anyway?<br/><br/>Get a GRIP!!!!<br/><br/>Turn your torches and pitchforks else where, but next time don't act all holier-than-thou when you try to take a person's first admendment right of free speech away. If you are going to do something in the name of Christianity, let it be good. Make it positive. Use God's influence to help mankind!! Not to turn against it!!!<br/><br/>ACT LIKE PROPER CHRISTIANS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 After reading Dan Brown's Angels and Demons and The Digital Fortress, I was anxious to read the best-selling DaVinci Code.  Although it was fast and entertaining, it was not without some flaws.<br/>DaVinci Code combines the religious theme of Angels and Demons with the cryptography theme of The Digital Fortress.  Harvard symbologist, Robert Langdon (of Angels and Demons) is called in by the French police when the curator of the Louvre of found murdered.  Before the curator dies, he leaves several cryptic messages and arranges his body in a symbolic pose.  Cryptographer Sophie Neveu shows up at the scene, and she quickly informs Langdon that he is their chief suspect.  Neveu is also the granddaughter of the victim.  They set out on a whirlwind adventure to solve the murder on their own.<br/>Three other men are also found murdered the same night, and it is discovered that all four victims belonged to a secret society, The Priory of Sion.  Robert and Sophie's search leads them to such topics as the beginning of Christianity, the role of Mary Magdalene, the Knights Templar, Opus Dei, Pagan Worship, and the search for the Holy Grail.  But what was a big disappointment is that The DaVinci Code is filled with a large number of historical inaccuracies.  Even a novice will know that Prince Charles and Princess Diana were married at St. Paul's, and not Westminster.  The plot is also unbelievable in spots, although the plot for Angels and Demons was more of a stretch.<br/>Still, I listened to the unabridged DaVinci Code on a long trip, and reader Paul Michael did a stellar job of bringing this story to life.  I thought his accents were especially good.<br/>So, accept this book for what it is-an entertaining work of fiction, but not a definitive historic research.
 I have been a student of Christianity since the 1970s, and graduated from SFSU with a History Major, magna cum laude.  I have also written numerous articles to demonstrate that the New Testament is an artificial rendering of the Life of Jesus.  Now we learn of the discovery of the Judas Gosple that conforms to my own conclusion based on the Book of Isaiah and the Gospels themselves, plus what is known as the Hermetic Tradition, all written in the first century after Jesus.  I was pleased to find that Dan Brown agrees with me that much of what the Church says is fact, is not!  Chapter 50 pretty well spells it out.<br/><br/>I was less impressed with the plot than I was with the facts as I know them, but I, was surprised by the ending.  It reminded me of Saturday afternoon matinees when "serials" were popular to draw youngsters to the movies.  So many impossible endings, followed by a total disregard for them the following week as the good guys magically continued on their way.  The book is not quite that dramatic, but dramatic and mysterious it is.  People who like good fiction and novels will love this book.<br/><br/>I rate it four stars because of the truths to be gained from its story.  And, there is as much truth as there is fiction in this book.  If it persuades readers to investigate further, it will have served its purpose well.  Check out the INQUISITION, and read the book THE MALLEUS MALIFICARUM, and you will understand what I, and Dan Brown mean.  Might also look up THE DONATION OF CONSTANTINE, and THE ICONIC CONTROVERSY, other fabrications by Rome to rob the Eastern Church of it's claim to an equal share of Christian dominance; conduct that created the schism between the two wings.<br/><br/>Opus Dei was/is more than I had understood, although I knew it was a secret society within the Roman Church.  The book was both a confirmation of what I already knew, and a source of knowledge.<br/><br/>The same might be said of any "free-thinker."  But it is bound to be an emotional eye-opener to religious devotees.  The author does a good job of dulling the pain, however, for which he is due credit.
 I had seen the movie, and rented the book from the library. I prefer the book over the movie. The Knights Templar plays a role in the plot., 80  million copies sold- how's that for publicity?
 I read this book a couple of years ago, and now that the movie is out, the hype is back. I thought the book was just OK, nothing more and wondered why I never wrote a review. I will probably see the movie to see if that sparks some love for the book. I think the plot was ok, but there were parts of the novel that seemed to go on and on...and on. I wanted to know more about the albino killer,or just something more interesting.  I guess I simply wanted more. And the problem that I had with the novel is that there was really nothing TOO original...you have religious zealots, secret organizations, secret conspiracy, killers, wealth, beautiful landscapes and a girl who is attracted to a guy, but nothing happens. The only thing that you didn't have, that I can remember that is, is romance. I was even hoping for a little romance to spice up the adventure. Oh, and did I forget to say it was kind of like reading about a treasure or scavenger hunt. Maybe you should not take my advice and read it yourself.
 Dan Brown has written an erudite, funny, and hugely entertaining fable about the history of Jesus, the Bible, the Roman Catholic Church, and those who study them.  I suspect that the only readers who won't like "The Da Vince Code" will be those Christians so committed that they cannot see the fun in playing a fictionalized historical "What If?" game with the life of Jesus or those who are unwilling to suspend disbelief sufficiently to accept a wildly entertaining but preposterous tale.  Trust me, the plot of this book has more to do with the Brothers Grimm than it does with provable historical fact.  No matter, this is a tremendously satisfying read.  5 stars out of 5.
 Most thrillers have the similar twists and turns that are somewhat predictable, but not too intelligent. This book, full of thriller novel might pull out some out the usual themes, but it is the most intelligent book I've probably ever read. You don't have to be a scholar to enjoy this -- heck, I'm a college student who majored in communications...you don't get much more basic than that! Just reading this book made me feel smart, and I did it in 3 days....a record for me! Definately give it a try, you won't be sorry.
 Dan Brown has done an impressive job researching the material for the book.  He perfectly merges his own story with some of history's most fascinating and yet little known facts: secret societies such as Priory of Sion, symbolism in art, history of paganism, architectural descriptions of museums and churches; everything for an art or history buff's delight.<br/>Many fiction books turn into magnificent dust collectors once read.  Somehow, few books convey the unique style of entertaining and teaching, simultaneously, and I must say this one could be among the best.  "The Da Vinci Code" is a real suspense page-turner that you would most likely go back to again and again for reference.  I'm having some trouble deciding where in my library I should shelve the book.  I wonder if the folks at the Lib. of Cong. have developed a special classification for a fiction-reference book =)  Well done, Mr. Brown!
 THE DA VINCI CODE has been #1 on the best seller and as I write this it has already been reviewed exactly one hundred times on Amazon. Thus, after summarizing the plot, I will attempt to make this review as helpful as possible by briefly discussing the author's four books, comparing the plots, and describing and analyzing his writing style in summary fashion.<br/>Harvard professor and symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to the Louvre to help Captain Bezu Fache of the Paris Judicial Police unravel the clues surrounding the body of the murdered curator, Jacques Sauniere. Sophie Neveu, a police cryptologist soon arrives, and it almost immediately becomes clear that it will take their combined skill and knowledge to follow the trail laid out by Sauniere before his death. As they attempt to uncover the hidden secrets of The Priory of Sion (a real organization that is hundreds of years old and has included as members Issac Newton and Leonardo Da Vinci, both of whom figure in the story), their search leads them to several Paris locations and eventually to England. Of course, others are also on the trail, including Captain Fachu, a huge albino monk, and an unknown formidable opponent who appears to be the only person in possession of a complete overview of the puzzle which they are trying to solve. The story combines history, murder, intrigue, wordplay combined with cryptanalysis, romance, religion and art. These elements are combined in such an incredibly captivating way that the pace never slackens as you are constantly being bombarded with both new facts and puzzles to solve. (I only solved one of the puzzles before Langdon and Neveu, and it is the one on which the author gives the reader some help.)  The pace is fast and the narrative has several threads which merge to provide a surprising and satisfactory conclusion.<br/>This is Brown's second book involving Robert Langdon. My review of ANGELS AND DEMONS (Amazon 4/1/03) provides a detailed overview of that book. While this is not a sequel which requires that book to be read first, ANGELS has additional background regarding Langdon's character and academic specialty which made this book more enjoyable for me. Both involve religion, art and symbology, and both a have well researched and accurate historical basis. Thus they are superficially similar. However, ANGELS has three significant differences. First, it assumes further scientific advances and takes place in the future while DA VINCI takes place in the current day. Second, philosophical questions regarding the frequent conflicts between religion and science form the basis of the story and are the basis of some of the best passages in ANGELS. The philosohical implications of the mysteries involved in this story are just as complex but the discussion is much less profound. Third, in ANGELS the conflict among the various religious factions of the Catholic Church did not go the heart of the basis of Christian beliefs but rather to the existence and nature of God, the questions raised by this story are much more profound for Christianity. (This factor accounts for some of the  critical reviews.)<br/>A common element in all Dan Brown's books is the very compressed time frame in which the stories occur. The tension is heightened by a race against the clock as an integral element of the nature of the various adversaries; this technique helps to make the stories real "page turners". In DA VINCI, the complete story except for a short epilogue incredibly takes place within approximately twenty four hours, yet the pace seems true to the events. (In order to give you an idea of the compressed time frames Brown utilizes, this is roughly double the time frame of ANGELS.) Both DECEPTION POINT (his third novel) and DIGITAL FORTRESS (his first book) also utilize this technique.<br/>All the author's books involve extensive knowledge about the subjects involved, which is always imparted in a manner that keeps the reader's interest. Thus, they are for the reader who wants not only fast paced action but intelligent and absorbing fiction, a very different genre than the also enjoyable best selling James Patterson (at least until THE JESTER, see review of 3/15/03). DECEPTION POINT involves computer hacking and introduces the theme ofcryptanalysis which is revisited in DA VINCI. DECEPTION POINT involves science, oceanography, NASA and politics, unfortunately it veers into implausibilty.<br/>In summary, Dan Brown knows how to keep his readers' interest. While each of the four books can be read independently, I would recommend reading ANGELS (available in paperback) if you only have time to read one or before reading DA VINCI. DIGITAL FORTRESS is an excellent first novel although not as polished as the later works. The subject is more specialized and probably won't appeal to as wide a range of readers. DECEPTION POINT is well written but  had the only conclusion that disappointed me  thus is not as highly reccommended as the other three novels.
 Factually flawless and thoroughly thought provoking, this book will make you think, make you question, and it might even make you angry. The research that went into this book was extensive. Brown then demonstrates the ability to present all the research in a mystery so full of intensity, interesting characters, and believabilty that you feel yourself scrutinizing everything you have been taught since you were born as you journey through the steps of the puzzle with the characters. Even Brown's detractors have to have learned something from this book. The material on Da Vinci alone was worth the read. To say this book brings into question much of current day religious doctrine is quite an understatement. The style however, allows the reader to believe or not believe the premise, while still enabling one to enjoy the mystery. I finished the book quite looking forward to the possibility of new revelations of a religious nature which may be earth-shattering or merely enlightening, but decidedly new and provocative. Archetypes, symbology, subliminal embeds, historical concepts and events out of the mainstream, and language clues make this book a challenge to one's intellect, yet it is such an enjoyable and easy read that the experience is genuinely delightful. (It was so good I postponed cracking open my new Harry Potter!)
 I read the first few of pages of this book shortly after it came out in paperback because I wondered what all the fuss was about. Right from the beginning it is fairly clear that it is junk and that would have been that. I then mentioned to a friend (she is still a friend) that it seems like the worst form of mindless pulp. "No, no" she insisted "read on, it has subtle twists". So I bought the book to take away on holiday. I forced my way through a few chapters. God almighty, there is not a cliche that Dan Brown misses... I gave up in a huff.<br/><br/>When I got home I confronted my "friend". I told her that the plot was so obvious it hurt....<br/><br/>..... please stop reading now if you are under 12 and don't want to read a spoiler....<br/><br/>I told her the stereotype Englishman was obviously the villain, obviously Dan Brown was going to make some sort of weak pun about Sacred Blood and Holy Grail (Sangue Real if you missed it) and the book would be turned into a really bad B movie, probably with Harrison Ford - so I might as well just wait for that. "No, no" she said "you might think it is obvious, but like I said it is really very subtle".<br/><br/>Now, I really liked the films "a beautiful mind" and "the sixth sense". Both of which lead you to believe you are watching a fairly mediocre film until the very end when you realize you have been fooled and in fact there was a hidden plot, which once recognized makes you conclude the bits of the films you didn't like were actually brilliant red herrings. So "my friend" convinced me to read on. Which I did, forcing back the bile that ascended every time a secret sign, like Micky Mouse or Newton's apple were explained in an ersatz intellectual way. It was agony.<br/><br/>Guess what, in the end this trashy book delivered exactly what it had promised right from the start. The only thing I had missed was that Harrison Ford obviously has too much taste to get involved with this sort of story. Actually, I watched a bit of the film with Tom Hanks, trust me it is much better than the book.<br/><br/>My take home message is that if you want a good book about the Catholic Church, read Morris West - read the the bible - read anything.... but to save your sanity do not read this.
 My moral issues with the book aside, I must say that Dan Brown is an excellent fiction writer.  He keeps the reader on the edge of her/his seat until the end with interesting twists, the typical 'high speed' chases, and numerous intriguing and sometimes sinister characters.  At times, as with any book, the informational passages can drag a bit and the reader may have to flip back a few times to reread a passage or two in order to grasp the next piece of intrigue revealed in the plot. However,a book like this would make an excellent movie and I fully intend to go to the theatre to see it for myself.<br/><br/>With that being said, I must say that other reviews on here are a bit irritating, but not the least surprising.  One thing I would advise readers to do is just enjoy the book for what it is: a work of fiction.  It is no more or less.  To think that people would actually give credibility to something that is meant to be purely for fictional enjoyment is beyond comprehension.  A work of fiction should never be allowed to rewrite history or change entire doctrines that are hundreds or thousand of years old.  It is really that simple.
 Dan Brown has done a wonderful job in reasarching this book, but it is all fiction.  All his hard word work adds to the beilivability of the novel.  This accounts for the reason that why so many have been against it from its inception.<br/><br/>This is a great suspence story told around a great historic figure, Leonardo Davinci, Sir Issac Newton and others.  Could it be true or is it totally false, you be the judge.<br/><br/>The premise of the book is that Leonardo DaVinci left clues about the secret life of Mary Magdaline the wife of jesus and their first born daughter.  It secret take Robert Langdon across two continents, 2 counties and finally to the prize of the holy grail.<br/><br/>He finds clues left behind by some historical figure thought to belong to a group call the Priory of sion. Which was to lead him to the Holy Grail or the secret of the blood line of Christ himself which the Priory of sion was protecting for over two hundred years.<br/><br/>Though fiction, Mr. Brown makes it seem beleivable with the cerntain ideas revolved around some interesting facts.<br/><br/>Great book to make you wonder and ask could it be true...???
 This is the first book by Dan Brown that I have read, and I was really impressed with the research he did on numerous topics to make his book a page turner.<br/>I will do my own research on The Priory of Sion, Opus Dei, and the alleged marriage of Christ and Mary Magdalene.  I am a catholic and have had my doubts about the religious teachings I received as a child, so reading Dan Brown's opinion does not necessarily sway me from mine.  It just makes me want to know more about what the church forbade me to read when I was in elementary school, high school and college.<br/>  But, I ask this question:  What is truth?  "A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still"... sorry but I don't remember where I read this missive.  Anyway, this book is fiction with a lot of factual information used to provoke the reader's mind to thought.<br/>  So what if there are contradictions, and inaccuracies?  Dan Brown has written an amazing detective story that is thrilling and instructive at the same time.  He has my vote.
 This was just a great book. I have seen it on the BestSeller list since the dawning of time so for my latest trip, I made this my book  of choice.<br/>I began it Thursday evening and had it finished by Sunday. I just could not put it down. The theories were so refreshing and new, every page brought a new surprise, the story flowed so well. My only disappointment was that I finished the book and no longer can look at it with new eyes, and read the story for the first time.<br/>Just a great, great book. There was only one aspect that I predicted correctly. Everything else was a surprise (and an education).<br/>Don't miss out on this book!!!!
 I admit I couldn't put the book down. It challenged my assumptions about religion, about art history, about women's place in the world, but it did not engage me emotionally. The plot and the premise keep your interest, but the main protagonists barely register as human beings on the page. I was barely interested in their fate at the end of the book. Mr. Brown is better with his villains, he gives them motivation and meaning that he denies the main characters.<br/>The premise of the book has led me to interesting conversations with fellow readers, and to further research on Mary Magdalene and Leonardo DaVinci. On that basis I would recommend the book as a good read and great conversation starter.
 I was interested but extremely skeptical about the book I received for my birthday.  But after reading I will be purchasing more of Dan Brown's work.  The character's are well-developed (I easily identified with their reasoning and emotions), the plot is both complicated, but extremely simplistic in its thought.  You just get pulled deeper and deeperin this amazing story with its many twists and turns, page after page. The research (wife is art historian), insight from first hand accounts of art, architecture, history, and real societies and oganizations make this story one of the best I have read.  Read this, you won't regret it.
 I am new to Dan Brown's writing but you can rest assured that I'm going to read everything he's written to date and everything that follows.  The Da Vinci Code is a thrill a minute (thrill a page????) novel that will keep you on the edge of your seat. The story is straight forward.<br/>Robert Langdon, a well known symbologist, receives a urgent and mysterious request late at night while in Paris.  It is the French authorities who ostensibly need his assistance with a murder investigation.  Taken to the museum, he quickly learns that he is a suspect.  Sophie Neveu, a giften cryptologist (and we soon learn the daughter of the murdered man) joins forces with Langdon.  Together they learn of a secret society that dates back to Christ.  Believe me, the story is out-there.<br/>The story is filled with interesting characters and places.  I've mentioned this in other reviews, but this book feels like an old 1940's black and white movie.  It would be a great read on a rainy night.<br/>Dan Brown also raises interesting ideas about a number of other ancient mysteries.  You'll love this book.
 It managed to hold my attention to the end, though I got tired of excessive detail in some scenes and other perceived literary sins that I suppose others think to be particulary admirable strengths, opinions varying as they do. As a novel this is a very good book, the author has a rabbit in the hat and produces it at the right time and in a manner calculated to thrill the reader. He certainly had me fooled. Very entertaining book, no doubt about that.<br/>However: as a source for symbolic anecdotes and occult lore, it is not a very good book, caveat emptor. Before quoting the great revelations herein as "facts" make sure that you check them through multiple sources on the web or in a reference library if you have one handy.
 As far as the book itself goes I would recommend this book to most anyone.<br/><br/>It is no Dickenson or Hemmingway. But then again, that is also the very reason I would recommend it most anyone.<br/><br/>What I mean is, it is an easy read. Fast paced. Painless to digest.<br/><br/>As far as the debate surrounding this book goes I would still recommend it to most anyone.<br/><br/>I have found that most people who've protested "The Da Vinci Code" have never even taken the time to read it. This is a shame.<br/><br/>As a Christian I feel that reading this book actually strengthened by beliefs, instead of weakening them. It has also allowed me to take part in the international dialogue that surrounding it.
 When Jacques Sauniere, the elderly curator of the Louvre museum in Paris, is mysteriously murdered, he leaves a chain of clues, in the last minutes of his life, that lead to one of the most important historical secrets. These clues bring the curator's granddaughter, Sophie Neveu, and Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist who is staying in Paris at the time, together.  As they follow the clues, they discover that Jacques Sauniere was part of a secret society called the Priory of Sion, whose members included Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo, and Leonardo Da Vinci, among others. As the two race through Europe they find secrets and symbols hidden in the works of Da Vinci and in famous churches. What Langdon and Sophie don't know is that the clues which the late curator left behind lead to two different secrets that are connected by one pinpoint.<br/> In this novel about history, deception, conspiracy, secrets, and puzzles, there is nothing not to like. By the first paragraph of the book you are riveted, and can hardly put it down before you are done. Dan Brown's writing style is terrific, you read from a variety of different characters' points of views. With Dan Brown constantly switching the novel from the point of view of one character to another it makes you want to keep reading. The characters are brilliant, none of them are perfect, and they all have faults. Dan Brown develops a ripe, full personality and voice for every character. The story is so believable that you might actually find your self wanting to go on a trek looking for the Holy Grail. The author is excellent at making you believe one thing and then changing it. For example, who the Teacher really is. Beware it will surprise you but once you figure it out it will seem perfectly reasonable. All the puzzles and secrets keep you hooked and trying to figure them out for yourself. The only thing that the author should do to the book is put pictures of the art and buildings that are mentioned, in the back.<br/>There is not one place in the Da Vinci Code that you will become bored and want to stop reading. I recommend it to any one who is looking for a brilliant book to read, for it will appeal to all age levels and will keep you wanting to turn the page even when you know you have to put it down.
 There was an MST3k version of some movie where, in vague sorority fashion, an inductee to a society of young women is given something to drink and told that they drink blood at initiations. Then one of them explains that the drink is really some kind of strawberry concoction, and they all laugh. One of the silhouetted commentators at the bottom of the screen interjects, "It's kind of like we're smart, except that we're not."<br/><br/>There's something about The da Vinci Code that is very, "It's kind of like we're smart, except that we're not." To someone who has really sunk teeth into history, or theology, or almost anything else that is used for ambiance, talking about The da Vinci Code as a book you can sink your teeth into is like talking about a plastic sponge you can sink your teeth into.<br/><br/>Can I offer an alternative? For my contribution, after thinking that I wanted to provide an alternative, I did research, including reading a number of medieval versions of the Arthurian legends, and wrote, <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Sign-of-the-Grail/dp/0615202195/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Sign of the Grail</a>. It's meant to offer a better treatment of the Holy Grail, one that offers something better than, "It's kind of like we're smart, except that we're not." At very least John Borroughs of the Midwest Book Review found something to sink his teeth into.
 Yes, some of the facts are inaccurate, the romantic points of the story are a waste of time (don't worry there aren't too many of them), and the ending is disappointing.<br/>  However, I found this book to be very engaging from the start and built up enough momentum a long the way that the ending and other "flaws" seemed to be of little consequence.<br/>  Dan Brown provides enough solid facts to compensate for those that seem to be skewed in the name of plot development. Had the author taken the time to explain every side of every arguement the characters make in regards to history the book would have not moved nearly as fluidly.  Remember, this book is meant to be read for enjoyment, not to base your college thesis off of. In the end the reader is left with a heightened interest in the works of art and groups mentioned in this book and has been entertained in the process.<br/>  If you are looking for a fun book to read this is a great choice.  It moves you along quickly and keeps your interest.  It may cause you to want to review some history and I think that it is wonderful when a book helps to develop new interests.
 As i started reading this book, i swore that i would read little by little because it would take away too much of my time. However, once i started reading this book, i could not put it down, mainly because of the exciting plot and partly because of short chapters. This is one of those books you say "just one more chapter..." and before you know it, you're finished with the book!<br/>Now, i know that many of the facts in this book may bother some people and some of the facts might mot be true. However, there are conspiricies which exist and no one can prove for sure what is the absolute TRUTH. This book is a novel and the purpose of a novel is to stimulate your mind and enjoy the story. Anyone who has read this book knows it cannot possibly deserve a ONE STAR rating.<br/>I just want to say, do not rate the book based on your opinion of what the truth is. Rate the book AS A BOOK. The definition of a good book is a book that gets hold of you and keeps you reading til the end and The Da Vinci Code is certainly one of those books. Trust me, this book will boggle your mind.
 If I hadn't read The Golden Fleece Found by Basil Hill first, I might have found Dan Brown's book more interesting.  However, having been left hanging and wanting more from the Celestine Prophecies, I needed not just another book of vague riddles, but more meat.  The two books are complete opposites.  Dan Brown uses myths and allegorical riddles, Basil Hill gives codes from Solomon's Temple, Hebrew Codices and juicy stuff after which the esoteric community have been searching for centuries.  When he digs into ancient libraries, he documents debates from which  fragments were only available in archaic Latin.  Persons have beseeched Rome before for translations, but to no avail.<br/><br/>There is a stark difference between a new riddle with no end and an old riddle with a new and plausible explanation.  I personally think that we have discovered a new Sagan and perhaps even a new Edgar Cayce.  Judging from the reviews of both books, I am not the only one who thinks so.<br/><br/>F "Seinfeld" Mt. Vernon.
 Am I the only reader on this planet who does not think Dan Brown's "The DaVinci Code" is a wonderful book?  Who thinks, in fact that it is a rather bad book?  Badgered by any number of friends who consider themselves serious readers, I finally broke down and read it myself.  I was underwhelmed.<br/>For starters, I don't appreciate lectures in suspense thrillers.  Brown continually interrupts the story to drone on about the history of Paris or London, and, more verbosely, the "history" on which the story is based.  Entire chunks of the book read like a tarted up Michelin guide.<br/>Deep into the novel Brown briefly acknowledges his debt to a few religious "history" books, most of which assert claims seriously questioned by scholars.  Presumably Brown wants to assure his readers that he is not making all this stuff up, and that he has spent many tedious hours unearthing this arcane knowledge.  Actually all these books have been available to the public for years.  Evidently relying on the public's short attention span (or impatience with any book containing footnotes), Brown announces all his "revelations" in breathless prose suggesting hot-off-the-press news.<br/>Briefly, its main premise is that Jesus married Mary Magdalene, they had a child, or children, and their descendants are alive in France today.  This knowledge is protected by an ancient secret society, the Priory of Sion, loathed by the Vatican for obvious reasons.  One of the Priory's Grand Master's was Leonardo da Vinci.  Great stuff, thought Brown.  The making of a terrific thriller.<br/>But wait.  I keep calling "The DaVinci Code" a thriller.  True enough, it offers a lot of what thrillers these days strut: cool cars, private planes, luxurious digs, fancy gadgetry, narrow escapes, etc.  The dust jacket, however, announces itself as a novel.  Well, the reader will look in vain for the usual hallmarks of a good novel, namely, well-developed characters in whom the reader takes an interest, and well-turned prose testifying to the author's passion for the language.  I couldn't have cared less what happened to the inane protagonists.  Their conversations are part comic book, part encyclopedia entry, and their adventures are told in a curiously flat, dull style reminiscent of a weather report.<br/>Perhaps I wouldn't be so annoyed by this book if it didn't exude such ambitious pretensions.  I caught Brown on a TV talk show, and it seems the man really thinks he has struck a blow for feminist theology.  That's a claim about as ridiculous as the assertion that the James Bond Series is an eloquent plea for democracy.<br/>I have no doubt that Brown wrote "The DaVinci Code" with the intention of selling the movie rights.  He is already imagining the cast -- Langdon, the main character, is described as "Harrison Ford in Harris tweed."  Well, doubtless the movie will be better than the book.  I can't envision any actor agreeing to interrupt an adventure to spout a lot of dubious scholarship, or worse, fatuous art criticism.<br/>But I pity the script writers.
 Although Dan Brown's book falls far short as accurate history, I nevertheless found the novel to be an exciting portrayal of the tension and conflict between orthodox religious dogma and individual spirituality.  Many others have provided detailed analysis of Mr. Brown's work.  I'd like to simply suggest a couple sources for further reading on the subject.  One is a short, simple, experiential book, and the other is more detailed and rigorously researched.  The first is a picture book (but not just for children!) by Mark Shannon, illustrated by David Shannon.  THE ACROBAT AND THE ANGEL is a beautiful story of individual spiritual mystery (and the divine feminine) under the nose of Catholic orthodoxy.  Like THE LITTLE PRINCE, THE ACROBAT AND THE ANGEL can be enjoyed over and over again.  Also recommended is Karen Armstrong's A HISTORY OF GOD.  This remarkable, unbiased reference book has a wonderful chapter on the individual spirituality we call "mysticism."  This is where the word "mystery" got its start.  She shows how healthy reason and authentic faith are compatible and strengthen each other.<br/>So, hope this is a help to everyone who has been interested in Dan Brown's THE DA VINCI CODE.  Enjoy!!!
 REVIEWED: The Da Vinci Code<br/>WRITTEN BY: Dan Brown<br/>PUBLISHED: March, 2003<br/><br/>An "Okay" book. It was good, but after hearing the hype over the years I expected a magnificent story when, as it turns, the writing was pretty standard. There are some great scenes that the movie portrayed but, overall, the story was actually downright formulaic and predictable. I knew who "the Teacher" and the pacing is a bit ridiculous. It's fun, entertaining, but not worthy of the critical praise it has received.
 OK, so the book has its share of laughably bad writing, and you can spot the cliffhangers a mile away (here comes the end of the chapter -- cue the ominous music!). But the brilliant thing about this book is that the plot almost doesn't matter. The Da Vinci Code is a Trojan horse. Critics may quibble over this or that assertion, but wrapped inside the plot are many truths about the Church's manipulation of the Bible for its own purposes -- truths the Church has labored for millenia to supress. Now they're coming out in this made-for-Hollywood potboiler that's selling millions and headed for the big screen. The horse is out of the barn -- no wonder so many fundamentalists are so upset. So much for the Inquisition. To those who are up in arms, the author and the publisher have the perfect response: "Oh, relax, it's *just a novel!*"
 As I write this we are 7 days away to the release of the movie. It has already stirred up a whirl wind of controversey for the Christian world. This is only the beginning. I predict this book and movie will cause millions to lose their faith forever. It causes people to question things they always have taken for granted. The Jesus/Leonardo theory is very, very, far fetched and I disagree with it. I hope this leads people to a passionate pursuit of truth whatever it may be and breaks the spell the church has had over the western world for 1500 years.<br/><br/>What Dan Brown has done is take the book Holy Blood, Holy Grail and put it into a fictional plot. I find the theory of Jesus being married to Mary Magdalene a bit far fetched but there are small pieces of evidence in the new testament that Mary M. did things for him that only a wife was allowed to do. Example annoint him for burial, wash his feet etc. This book is not for Christian fundamentalists because they will find it very blasphemous. It is a nice little mystery/thriller plot with religious implications that are starting people thinking about things they have always taken for granted about Christianity.The plot is a typical Dan Brown plot formula:highly intelligent man gets involved with a highly intelligent woman, after her father is murdered,lots of mystery in who the real bad guy is, secret socities come into play, and the hero and heroine are together in the end.It is Dan Brown's situational settings that make his books so good. I will definately be going to see the movie.
 I resisted reading "The Da Vinci Code" for some time because of all the hoopla, and the fact that I had found the three previous Dan Brown novels that I had read less than satisfying. This is clearly his best effort. It's fast-paced, suspenseful, has sympathetic characters, and contains enough esoterica to keep even the most erudite reader's attention. As a stand-alone novel, I highly recommend it.<br/><br/>What puzzles me is why so many people have been offended by it. The account of early church history up through the Council of Nicaea is completely factual, as is the description of how pagan traditions and holidays were co-opted by the early Christians. The suggestion that Mary Magdalene and Jesus married sounds like something taken out of the annals of the Inquisition, and is not really new. After that, the stories about Merovingians, Templars, Masons, etc., can be found in dozens of other books.<br/><br/>If you are a fundamentalist who thinks the Harry Potter novels are dangerous, then you'd be advised to stay away from this. If you're simply looking for an enjoyable romp through a page-turner, then have at it!
 This is patheically poorly written. I am not a Christian. But I find the insipid and ignorant prose simply insulting to the intelligence of anyone capable of digesting more than a tasteless Hollywood B-Movie plot.  The fact that most of America is raving about this book says a lot about the masses in that country!<br/>The examples of Brown's inaccuracies are countless.  It is, however, the brazenly crass contradictions that make one wonder about Mr. Brown's own intelligence.  Is he trying to snow us with passages like this one? :<br/>"Sadly, Christian philosophy decided to embezzle the female's creative power by ignoring biological truth and making man the Creator.  Genesis tells us that Eve was created from Adam's rib....".<br/>While I agree with his point about the sexes in Christianity, Genesis is, as we all well know, a book of the OLD Testament, stemming from Judaism, not Christianity.  The story of Adam and Eve goes a lot further back than Christianity.  Of course, Mr. Brown knows this. Had he written this book without the forward "FACT:", one could dismiss everything as poetic liscence.  This would of course assume some poetic and literary value, of which there is absolutely zero in this book.  Its really like watching bad tv.
 For a simple two-day read, Dan Brown can't be beat: his writing is simple and carries the plot along at a good pace, uninterrupted by long tangents or paragraphs you must read over a few times to get the hang of.<br/>However, The Da Vinci Code only gets away with this because the writing is mediocre, entirely lacking in description. All of the characters, including the protagonists, are not only stock, but entirely static. Langdon, the run-of-the-mill handsome genius; Sophie, the run-of-the-mill gorgeous genius with, as always, long legs. There is, of course, a secret romance going on that has its silly climax somewhere around the last page. The characters are as flat, maybe even more flat, than those in Tom Clancy novels.<br/>The plot is very basic; it's about as linear as a sharp edge. There are no unpredictable twists in the story, as the first sentence describing any suspicious characters were drawn out of the Obviously Sinister Character Box. The plot and its characters are so trite that it's clear that the only reason they're there is as a method of dragging the reader through the superficial character development and car rides and into the only gem of the book: The Priori.<br/>Reading any of Brown's books and you will discover that the best parts are in the brain-candy conspiracies (Illuminati in Angels &amp; Demons, NRO in Deception Point, and NSA in Digital Fortress) and developing technologies. All of these elements are researched and described simply and without too much effort for the reader. Nothing may be as intellectually thrilling as discovering the dark and hidden conspiracies that help shape the world. The Priori is no different, and the symbolism brought forth in Da Vinci's works is stunning.<br/>If anything, The Da Vinci Code is a quick read with good brain-candy that gets your mind thinking. In the interim, you'll find the characters are cardboard and unchanging, and the plot far too obvious.
 I started out being somewhat sceptical about this book.<br/><br/>Certainly, a number of friends had recommended it. But<br/><br/>that was in stark contrast to some critical newspaper reviews.<br/><br/>So all in all I didn't expect much.<br/><br/>  And then the book turned out to be better than expected. It is rich in cultural insights far beyond what you would ever expect in an average crimestory - Actually, you could read this book as an alternative underground crash course in christianity and western culture - All the stuff that have been filtered out, and you weren't supposed to hear about.<br/><br/>  The critics condemn this novel for mixing truth with half truths and complete fiction, without giving it credit for being a good flight of fancy. It all seems a bit authoritarian to me. Remember that novels are supposed to tell stories that just might me true, not stories that are 100 percent certainly true?<br/><br/>  Surely, there are inaccuracies in the book.<br/><br/>E.g. there are NOT 666 windows in the pyramid at Louvre.<br/><br/>But - Hey! this is a work of fiction! remember!?<br/><br/>  Obviously, the book will inevitable end up as a movie, but read the book first!<br/><br/>-Simon
 This book is is great fun, and written in a way that the plot keeps moving forward and keeps you guessing. Within the book, are series of little puzzles which the reader can try to solve before the characters in the book do. It contains a lot of information of history and art, and specific examples of Pagan rituals hidden in modern catholicism. It also presents many feminist ideals as important to religion.<br/>  The premise of the book is mostly based on a 1983 conspiracy favorite Holy Blood, Holy Grail. Despite the specualtive nature of this source, many of the organizations, buildings and artwork are real. Brown plays with this idea to make an incredibly amusing story that will leave readers looking into history books and  examining old paintings with a microscope. I highly recommend this book, especially for people who like puzzles and riddles, conspiracy nuts, history buffs, or anyone looking for a good story.<br/> The only people who seemed to dislike it are Catholics who got offended. Don't be so sensitive. :)
 The worst part is: some editor actually thought this guy could write. I stopped on page 50 after 50 pages of annoying writing. I gave the guy the benefit of the doubt, but he just can't write. If you like pulp fiction and are not annoyed by bad writing, you may enjoy this for the plot. I still like the plot and wish someone with talent had written the story. ew. ew. ew! This book reads like a freshman writing workshop project gone bad (and there's no such thing as a freshman writing workshop).
 The subject matter that is contained within the pages of Mr. Brown's book is stellar. For most readers, it will be obvious that he spent an enormous amount of time researching material for his book.<br/>And therein lies this author's problem. The story is not as much a story as it is a commercially-driven plot gimmick.  The chapters are rarely more than 4 pages a piece.  Sometimes, they are not even an entire page.  This is to take the reader's breath away, so that s/he feels as though the pace is "lightening fast" (to quote one of the glowing reviews from the back of the book).  Yet, this gimmick is incredibly annoying, especially when the intelligent reader knows that half of the time Mr. Brown's chapter breaks are entirely unnecessary and understands that Brown never lets his readers breathe.  For over 300 pages.<br/>The characters are underdeveloped and the foreshadowing weak. At the end of the story, when the identity of "The Teacher" is revealed, along with one of the accomplices, Mr. Brown has to go back and explain to the reader the hows and whys of who did what, a la a "Scooby Doo" episode.<br/>Yet, the information contained in the book is what propells Mr. Brown's story and saves it.  It's not a horrible book.  Just disappointing because this is interesting, historically accurate material...and Brown completely misses the mark by telling--not showing, the trademark of a good writer--his readers a loose, lazily written story.<br/>But the information that drives the plot is fascinating.  If you don't mind gimmicks and commercial fiction, then by all means buy this book and enjoy.  But if you are interested in it solely because of the information it is based on, I suggest purchasing a piece of nonfiction that deals with the same material.  You'll skip the unessential stuff.<br/>Fast-paced thriller, yes.  Intelligent...hmm, maybe in regards to research and time the author put into his book.  Good read? Probably. Good book? No.
 Haven't read a book this good in a long time....it's a fascinating, well-researched page-turner that you will NOT be able to put down. Regardless of your religious affiliation, you will find the historic references to the Church, great artists, and scandalous periods in history intriguing and thought-provoking. Dan Brown is a thinking-person's John Grisham/a reader-friendly Michael Crichton. Also a good gift choice for people who love word puzzles or math challenges. BUY THIS BOOK!
 Since it is written as a vehicle for supposed 'facts' I have to give this a 1... because the facts are distorted or outright fabricated. However, it was well written and highly enjoyable as a story... very fast paced. I'm looking forward to book three of the Robert Langdon stories.<br/>That said, let me go over some of the weaknesses:<br/>For starters, Jesus is not mentioned in the Dead Sea Scrolls. The scrolls are Jewish texts, not Christian. There are no accounts of the Gospel, standard or otherwise.<br/>Next up. sex rites were NEVER performed in the Jewish Temple. There is absolutely nothing to suggest there were. This is one of the most absurd claims I have ever heard.<br/>The author gives two reasons the Crusades were launched... two opposing reasons. Were they a product of AOMPS or the Vatican? Make up your mind!<br/>The Knights Templar were not exterminated by the Vatican, but by King Philip le Bel of France. In some countries, they got off practically Scot Free (pun intended).<br/>Most modern scholars who have actual degrees in European history discount the stories of Joseph of Arimathea and the Magdalen fleeing to France. Perpetuation of these stories is an outright deception.<br/>Finally, the Council of Nicea did not "vote" on the divinty of Jesus... merely to include the statment in the Nicean Creed. The author seems not to know that an intact codex of Matthew from the secind century exists, and it is identical to our current copies... no alterations.<br/>Please, read the book, but read it as fiction... ALL FICTION.
 This is the type of book that attracts me instantly. I love historical fiction or fiction involving history.<br/><br/>But I know a hack when I see one.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code begins with a list of "facts." It doesn't take long to figure out why this list is included: to give the ridiculous theories contained in the book some totally undeserved credibility.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code supposedly reveals the "true" story of the life of Christ--which the evil, misogynistic Catholic Church has been trying to suppress for 1600 years. Of course, the "truth" turns out to be the age-old gnostic poppycock about a marriage of Jesus to St. Mary Magdalene, royal bloodlines, goddess worship, geriatric sex rituals, blah, blah blah. Some secret! Every tinfoil-hat conspiracy theorist worth their salt has heard this "secret" and even most of them dismiss it as ludicrous. Brown's notion that the Catholic Church has been suppressing the "divine feminine" since the 4th century is just as stupid. It is high comedy to a Catholic like myself who hears his Church attacked by those who think Catholics are *too* devoted to Mary, the Mother of Christ.<br/><br/>But this is a work of fiction and Dan Brown's butchering of history would be tolerable if the book was at least a good read. Unfortunately, it is not. The writing is on a 9th grade level; the characters are paper cut-outs; the plot is contrived; and the "codes" are just lame. That the book is so dumbed-down just proves that The Da Vinci Code's primary audience is the terminally ignorant.<br/><br/>All this Brownian baloney is thoroughly destroyed in a nice little book entitled <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Hoax-Exposing-the-Errors-in-the-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/1586170341/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Hoax: Exposing the Errors in the Da Vinci Code</a>. If you have read The Da Vinci Code and want to know the truth, read this book.
 "The Da Vinci Code" is fast-paced and exciting, and written in an easy and engaging style. It appears somewhat influenced by Hollywood, with its characterization and slightly disbelief-suspending plot. The main characters seem to be able to get out of every situation, surviving life-threatening encounters so often that you start to believe them to be untouchable rather than smart-thinking.<br/><br/>The concept of a secret code is based on the gnostic gospels, and the book characterizes Catholicism in a less-than-favorable light, glorifying Langdon and Neveu, the investigators and protagonists, as heroes. Because of this, it can be seen as offensive. However, with such a fictional style as this, it is hard to take Brown wholly seriously in his claims.<br/><br/>An easy and enjoyable read; an interesting concept but one that I would only explore with imagination.
 The myth' s unbreakable force nestles in our unconscious collective from immemorial times. You may cover it under the showiest clothes, admirable historical dissections and distortions in name of the ruling Divinity, splendid artificial make ups, but the subversive human will is the cutting edge of the sword: the man as measure of all the things far from imported distinctions or ideologies; the art has always had that fascinating mythic settlement and has nourished, inspired and captivated the privileged minds, wills, and souls that look further the reality.<br/><br/>This absorbing, delirious and engaging thriller places us in a curious perspective, in a sinuous labyrinth, where the coordinates navigate in different levels, a fantastic tour de force where Dan Brown displays his powerful talent which, joined with his portentous imagination has allowed him to build one of the most interesting, challenging and enigmatic novels in years.<br/><br/>The mysterious murder of Jacques Saunniere will be the spark that will ignite all your attention. There are not too many bestsellers able to catch your attention with such strong persuasion, conviction and addiction like this one. You will be trapped by this smart reading, full of notable crosswords, important implications, devastating conclusions that literally will leave you astonished, true its merciless incisiveness.<br/><br/>Three dramatic layers conform this kaleidoscopic story; the enigma of the criptex, the long arms of the religion through his most fervent Cerberus will make all the unimaginable to avoid by all their means the divulgation of dark truths that could swaddle their status wrought through Centuries of oppression and darkening and the frenetic search of the police forces.<br/><br/>Under this crossed web of intrigue, mysterious, hidden meaning of religious codes and the awful presence in the wounded conscious of the criminal and aberrant murder of the Templar Knights, an absorbing script will be blossoming before our avid eyes with impeccable style and graphic eloquence.<br/><br/>Mesmerizing and intriguing; you will be unable to leave its whole reading from the first page.
 I enjoyed reading the DaVinci Code, just like with Angels and Demons, I had a hard time putting it down.  I did enjoy Angels and Demons a bit more, it was faster paced and felt like less of a history lesson.  It was sometimes hard to sort out all of the information laid out in the story but it was well presented and easy to understand.  Whether or not you believe the premise of the novel does not detract from its entertainment value.  I can't help but wonder about all of the contoversy, it is after all a fictional story based on theories and opinions.  I marvel at the amount of research both The DaVinci Code and Angels and Demons must have required.  Dan Brown definately did his homework.
 Your book is a standard potboiler in which symbologist Robert Langdon becomes involved in the murder of the head of the Louvre Museum in Paris, France. A series of almost comically contrived `Aha' moments, dashes down dimly lit corridors, and Of course!'s litter the narrative. I realize most laymen are dullards, but seeing as you claim John Steinbeck as a hero, is it asking too much to at least try to write competently? If so, you are in luck, because this is where a good director or actor can actually add shades of gray to the banalities your prose offers. But, let's face it, the reason the book has sold reputedly over 8 million copies in hardback is because like Mel Gibson's The Passion Of The Christ film it is milking the idiocy of die hard Christians. If you're gonna sully literature, at least the sullier should have a good cause- what's the excuse of a Dave Eggers?<br/><br/>  Lemme summarize your tale: Langdon is implicated in the murder of the Louvre director, who also headed an ultra-secret sect called the Priory of Sion, who have schemed away centuries trying to protect the truth of the Holy Grail- which was not the Last Supper chalice but Mary Magdalene, herself- who was Jesus Christ's wife. Apparently Leonardo Da Vinci knew this as a former head of the Priory &amp; embedded clues in paintings like The Last Supper &amp; the Mona Lisa. Of course, Langdon is exonerated, &amp; the real killers revealed. But Langdon chooses to keep the secret that Jesus was really a human, not a god, and that Mary Magdalene's tomb lies under the Louvre. Why does he do this? The old canard that the truth is too shocking for most laymen to handle. That's at least the interior book's reason. You and I know that the real reason is to leave the tale open for a sequel in which Langdon will not try to reveal the secret, but guard it.<br/><br/>  Of course, your book is predicated on the greatest fallacy of all- that there ever was a man named Jesus Christ in the 1st place. History emphatically shows a gaping absence. Could you not have mentioned that at least once within the text, or even the Foreword? But, the real stir over your book comes from the many supposedly `true' facts you muster up regarding Leonardo, the Mona Lisa, &amp; their connections to Jesus's bloodline. Of course, you claim to have researched this all meticulously. Of course, that's all bunkum, lest you would have written a non-fiction history. That so many have gotten worked up over a piece of stated fiction is beyond me. The closest parallel I can draw is to the furor a dozen or so years back over Oliver Stone's film JFK. There, Stone clearly presented his film as an alternate version to the manifestly fallacious Warren Commission Report. Here, you are merely tweaking Right Wing Fundamentalist Christian dolts, and have made millions by it. The book sucks, but I cannot deny my admiration for your niche marketing skills.
 I knew I wouldn't take to the storyline of this novel but I was shocked at how monstrously boring it is.  I had to skip and skim just to get through it, and at the end it went straight into the bin.  Wow.  What was all the fuss about?  No characterisations to speak of; the plot was infantile, to be generous; and the style could be bettered by a good 12 year old writer.  Really, if you think this makes for good reading, please broaden your horizons.
 I usually feel like I'm goofing off if I read pop-fiction.  Anything but classics or non-fiction is just a step better than TV.<br/>This books has the best of both worlds.<br/>It's an absolutely gripping, keep-you-up-all-night-to-finish type of a read, with a beautifully woven plot.<br/>But it also builds on fascinating history.  Some of it is considered a bit of a controversial version of history, but nevertheless, I felt like I was able to indulge in fiction without completely goofing off with this one!
 This book is good read in spite of a host of faults. Its author, Dan Brown, could charitably be described as a mediocre writer of prose. The unfolding of the action moving the plot of the book forward resembles that of a crowded tram rather than a high speed passenger train. Much of this is caused by the many sections of the book where one character or another stops the action to provide an expository of arcane religious symbolism or church history (real and bogus). The paradox is that it is these expositions that make the book so interesting. Brown may be a terrible stylist, but he is a master a blending pieces of authentic information with fictional information. The result of this blending is that his characters actually construct a plausible alternative to the accepted history of Christianity which is at the heart of this novel. Such creations, at least to this reviewer, are always interesting to read about even when as in this case they are completely fictional. Incidentally, for those who think Brown's creation is real, I would suggest reading,the book, "Truth and Fiction in the Da Vinci Code" by Bart Ehrman (available at Amazon.com). Ehrman counters the bogus claims made by the characters in this novel with actual historical evidence. For those who enjoy well crafted fictional alternative histories wrapped in a bit of mystery, I would recommend this book.
 I'm not someone who usually reads thrillers, but this one came recommended to me by another someone who isn't a real fan of the genre. I couldn't put it down.<br/>The plot's a lot of fun - it really keeps you guessing until the very end - but I enjoyed the historical aspects in particular as well as its lengthy discussions about art, architecture, and the intricacies of the Roman Catholic Church.<br/>It makes you want to hop on the next plane to Paris, which is no small commendation.<br/>Definitely worth the hype.
 I definitely enjoyed this book more than Angels and Demons. For me, time seemed to linger by and moved so slowly to accommodate the events. I can understand now the controversy that the book created as it hits a major belief of Christianity.<br/><br/>I enjoyed it because I think it was intended, as Sauniere wanted it to be, a puzzle for his granddaughter to discover the truth about her family. That simple! All the adventures and discoveries that Langdon and Neveu uncovered were part of Sauniere's world, whether they are facts or not, is yet to be unearthed.<br/><br/>The writing style is simple, repetitive which I found necessary with all the bulk of information. Brown is clear and although he tries to complicate the plot, it releases itself very naturally in seconds. I could imagine Langdon thinking and rushing from one place to the other, now I feel I need another trip to Paris to discover those mysteries on my own or maybe a movie will do!
 I read Dan Brown's "The DaVinci Code" with great enjoyment and admiration for his imagination and mix of true and fictional information. I'm sure you will enjoy it too, so long as you keep in mind that this book is merely a fictional mystery novel, not the result of a search for the truth, in this case, true religious history. And, I'm happy to see from a previous review (the one Nov.1st with cypher title  acronym?]) that there are "at least two" "DaVinci Code" readers who have had the pleasure (and enlightenment) of reading Norman Thomas Remick's "West Point: Character Leadership: Thomas Jefferson" which IS the result of a search for the truth, in this case, true history of a hitherto secret America/West Point/Thomas Jefferson nexus. I agree with that reviewer who said if you found the unique presentation of Dan Brown's "The DaVinci Code" enjoyable, you will also find the unique presentation of the Remick book enjoyable. I did, in both cases, and am happy to be one of "at least two" who knows.
 With all the talk about the Da Vinci Code, I decided to pick it up and have a read. I personally prefer Brown's Angels and Demons to this book. Dan Brown is a convincing writer, and I am surprised at how many people take the Da Vinci Code as truths and rejects the Bible. There are enough books and coumentaries to counter the claims of the Da Vinci Code, and the concept that Brown brought up that Jesus had a wife in Mary Magdalene and they had children are not new. It was brought forth in another fictional book marketed as historical "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail" by Michael Baigent, Richard Leigh, Henry Lincoln.<br/><br/>The acclaim that this book is getting is like the movie "The Last Temptation of Christ" years ago. Know that when you read the Da Vinci Code, it is fictional, and it was not marketed as fiction for nothing! It is a fun read, none the less, and what keeps the book moving is not only the plot, but that the whole book is written almost as a minute to minute account of what was happening, displaying in full view for the reader the action and suspense that it brings.
 A great pell-mell thriller with intriguing bits of history and and art and religioso speculation thrown in. Surprisingly well-written for its genre (and far, far more readable than the turgid Umberto Eco). Brown orchestrates the plot and juggles his clues beautifully. I have to wonder at the agenda of the naysayers on this forum--it's a slick thriller with a great hook, so why all the puffery about the accuracy of its historical speculations? (As for those who claim that's it's too predictable and they figured everything out--don't believe 'em.)
 OK, so it's Dan Brown and not likely to go down as a "literary masterpiece" but, you know what, it's a decent read and a great "beach book" when you're on holiday and watching the sun come up and go down. For all those whining about it being inaccurate and silly; try doing better yourself. Any book (that isn't Harry Potter) that has people reading and talking about it can't be all bad can it?
 Actually I haven't read the book yet ( but you can count on it now!). I am here to give a short rebuttal to the person signed as " a reader" from Brookline, MA ( see Real Junk, October 18). This reviewer says: "...there is no such profession as 'symbologist'..." - But YES there IS dear reader!  And -surprise,surprise- one of the most famous of those, certainly the most visible in the public's awareness, is none other than Professor Umberto Eco. who is a specialist is SEMIOTICS, which deals with the language (and of course, the meaning) of  "symbols" of all kinds. What Brown has done,was simply to call it (this profession, that is) another name. My point is that such profession DOES exist and is enjoying excellent health. I thought you'd like to know.
 So upon coutless people telling me how suspensfull and shocking andhow overall good this book was. Well there right on some levels yes there is plenty of suspense and close-calls and even some nail bitting sections, It's very well written and definitely hard to put down after the first chapter. Shocking though no the whole Jesus-N-Mary thing has been around for ever and wasn't suprised when the authors of holy blood holy grail called him on some of his points. I especially loved how up in arms the Christmunity got over it, But people were right it's good book a damn good book even.
 The Da Vinci Code is one of those books that would make a much better movie. In fact, as a high school aged reader, I found myself picturing a movie during the whole time I was reading the book. So, when I found out that a film based on Dan Brown's novel was going to be made into a movie, directed by Ron Howard, I couldn't have been more pleased. I will be excited to see the movie version of the book because the book had a terrific plot, but sadly, it lagged in parts from the monotonous writing of Dan Brown. The movie could make up for that major weakness in the book.<br/>The Da Vinci code starts out extremely compelling. The curator of the Louvre in Paris has been killed by an unknown assailant and the police are after Harvard professor Robert Langdon because a code next to his dead body says, "O, Draconian Devil! Oh, lame saint! P.S. Find Robert Langdon." Robert Langdon and a cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, are then racing against an enemy to find out a secret that a group, The Priory of Sion, have been hiding from the world for hundreds of years.<br/>Parts of this book are actually very well done. One could clearly picture the characters and they seemed like real people. I also enjoyed the clues and word puzzles as they were very well done and challenging to figure out. The book raised some interesting topics about the bible, Mary Magdalene, and the Holy Grail. The book also had many plot twists and so one never knew what was coming next.<br/>While reading the book, it seemed to me that the author ran out of steam about two thirds of the way through. Dan Brown includes chapters on events as pointless to the plot as Langdon and Neveu going to a library. To me, this is a sign he was just trying to fill up space. The book has some very interesting information, some of which is made up by the author and some of which is based on fact. But one has a hard time believing the facts that the author does have information to support because the facts are mixed in with a great deal of fiction.
 The reviews for this book and the fact that it was on the best seller list intrigued me.  However, upon reading it I was sorely disappointed.  The writing style reminded me of those banal R. L. Stine's books.<br/>What's more, I am unclear why Mary Magdelene is supposed to be worshipped over Jesus. I mean Jesus is a really cool person, whether you are religious or not, most people can agree with that.  This cult of Mary thing didn't make sense. I just didn't get why this secret society was supposed to be worshipping her.  It seemed like the author was trying to downplay the works and honor attributed to Jesus, but yet elevate Mary Magdalene because she supposedly married him?  And then there was the whole goddes thing.  I felt the author took a bunch of unrelated myths and pieced them together in a nonsensical manner.  For a book that toted puzzles of logic,  the premise given for Mary Magdalene being worthy of worship was illogical.<br/>The puzzles in the book were interesting, but everything else was flat and not fleshed out.  In short, this book was a big waste of both my time and money.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone as it panned out to be just a bunch of hype
 It starts off with a nice and moody atmosphere then sort of grinds away at the story. Entertaining if a little confusing and not resembling known and established theories. Too bad the bad guys won and the end of 2000 years of tyranny did not end.
 Dan Brown wove together history creating a can't put down plot. He created interesting, believable characters who kept the plot racing along.  The story moves from one geographic location to another providing a taste of history in each.  Everyone I ever talked to about the book, found it spellbinding.
 I read this book while waiting for a connecting flight back in 2006. To my amazement I couldn't put it down. There was so much controversy over the book about what it was about that I had to read it for myself. I don't think I've read a book in such a short time (1 1/2 days) and at that time I wasn't much of a reader. The suspense and fast paced scenes made me so excited that I couldn't wait to get to the next paragraph or the next page. It surely is a page turner.<br/><br/>I'm glad I read the book before watching the movie as the movie didn't measure up to the book. As a movie buff, I was very disappointed in the movie because it left a lot of gaps. It had me thinking if I would have fully understood some of the scenes. Knowing what to somewhat expect or look for in the movie, it didn't meet my expectations.
 Good read.
 When reading this book one should always keep in mind that this genre of book is going to be frought with peril from a writing standpoint.<br/>Let's get to the point here.  Mr. Brown clearly has a love for this topic.  He has spent LOTS of time and energy seeking out knowledge about this. This book is a vehicle for him to express his ideas, concepts and theories in fiction form.  True, the writing is contrived and clumsy.  Also, his techniques for ramping up the drama and suspense are not very compelling.  In addition, I would agree with several other reviewers that most of the dialogue sounds like a lecture series.  Okay, the book has obvious weaknesses in terms of form and construction.<br/>That being said, Mr. Brown is giving us the fruits of his labors with regard to his research.  That's what I love about speculative history fiction novels.  The writer gives the reader a lifetime of investigation on a subject wrapped around some kind of half-way decent plotline.  One learns a lot about something interesting without having to invest tons of time sifting through materials that may or may not shed any more light on the subject at hand.  Oftentimes, these books introduce the reader to something facinating that the reader didn't even know existed before.<br/>I get the feeling that this is one of those books.  Definitely, read this book and enjoy the exposition of Brown's theories.  Hopefully, it will spur you on to look into this strange topic more closely on your own.<br/>Read, ponder, decide for youself.
 I finally decided to pick this up after everyone told me I simply must read this. This was a few years back when it dominated the number 1 best seller spot. So I finally did and literally could not put it down. It sucks you in and stays with you til long after you're done reading it. It is suspenseful and enjoyable with wonderful surprises and twists that I didn't see coming at all. And when you think its all said and done, well, you havent gotten to the ending yet...The writing is simple, but top-notch and informative when it needs to be. I wasn't really confused and the subject matter was utterly new and foreign to me. So I was glad I got a great history lesson, whether fact or fiction. I actually don't know anyone personally who has not read this and loved it. It deserves more than one read.
 The DaVinci Code by Dan Brown is a good read for those who like their protagonists wearing panties.  Robert Langdon, the protagonist, is a Harvard professor of symbols who is uncomfortable around guns.  He teaches art to prison convicts on the weekends.  And when he makes his get away, he makes it in a SmartCar that gets " a] hundred kilometers to the liter."  (However, he has to pull over to let his female counterpart drive because he can't operate a standard transmission vehicle).<br/>  Mr. Langdon inhabits a strange world.  In his world, everyone seems to be a member of a mysterious secret society that is battling for the supremacy of their group's secret symbols.  The book's characters carry, protect and chase symbols across the globe because the power to control symbols is the power to control people like software controls a computer.<br/>  Our world isn't the world of Mr. Langdon.  Symbols of power hold little currency in today's world.  Science has educated the world that the forces of nature are not controlled by symbols and magic, which has made science the enemy of people like the environmentalist Unabomber, who tried to stop 'technology' by mailing bombs to universities.  In addition, free and open societies undermine the need for secret societies.  If there can be an organization that publicly advocates the molestation of children (NAMBLA), why would any organization need to be a secret society?<br/>  The Da Vinci Code contains a grand conspiracy.  What kind of conspiracy might a panty-wearing professor from Harvard believe in?  Something along these lines:  Mother Earth has been destroyed by masculinity and this attack against femininity has been led by the Catholic Church.  According to Langdon, the Catholic Church is the enemy of humanity because it is the official representative of the masculine.  Langdon doesn't mention of the Virgin Mary and how she is part of this conspiracy of men.  Is the Catholic Church this powerful?  Are they that opposed to women?  Are they that impotent against a few flamboyant artists?<br/>  This conspiracy began with the Roman Emperor Constantine.  Constantine pulled the lever from feminine to masculine and it has all been downhill since the fifth century, even though the book contradicts itself and says on the next page that the lever was pulled two thousand years ago.  The conspiracy actually suggests that when Constantine yanked the lever (so to speak) all the orthodox rabbis became men.  Does Langdon's assertion that Jews are controlled by the Vatican make this an anti-Semitic as well as an anti-Catholic novel?<br/>  This conspiracy seems as Christo-centric as it is anti-Christian.  The conspiracy suggest that in geographical areas not controlled by the Church and before Christianity began the world was inhabited by a single people with a single mind and culture that  worshipped femininity.  What about brutal non-Christian societies like the Samurais, Rome, Egypt and the Aztec's with their human sacrifices.  The Church isn't the cause of all of the problems in the world.  As my anthropologist professor once said, the theory of ancient humans has gone from assuming cavemen were brutes to assuming they sat around sipping white wine.  Langdon adds that they were politically correct liberals as well.<br/>  How does DaVinci fit in?  He's a homosexual who was opposed to the Church, according to Langdon.  DaVinci's famous Mona Lisa painting is a philosophical statement that makes the argument that the masculine and feminine forces in the world must be balanced, but in today's world the masculine force is in control.  Langdon, however doesn't seem interested in balancing feminine and masculine forces.<br/>  Langdon wants a world where feminine forces are in control.  If feminine forces were put in control everyone would worship something called the sacred feminine and participate in public fornication ceremonies.  Langdon is not looking for balance.  He's just looking to get laid.<br/>  This is a book in the code genre, which seems to be popular now, i.e. The Bible Code.  The prose is indistinguishable and the action doesn't pick up until the middle of the book.  This book tells a lot more than it shows.  Every action in the novel is stopped for a lecture on subjects ranging from pentagrams to cryptography and art.  The flashbacks may have a higher word count than the present day narrative, which takes place in Paris and London.  If this were a movie, the constant flashbacking would produce a film that looked like an editor splicing a documentary movie into an action film.  These little flashback lectures are the best part of the book and the little puzzles are clever, even if their power to suspend disbelief is weak.  If you read the novel as a brief educational course on symbols or are a member of the Priory of Sion, KKK or other anti-catholic organization you may enjoy this book.
 "The Da Vinci Code," has created quite a bit of fanfare within the reading community of this nation.  Everyone is talking about it, everyone has read it or is reading it and practically everyone is urging others to read it.  On that note, any avid reader will naturally raise an eyebrow and question whether any book can possible be that good.  To this end, I must honestly report that Dan Brown's book is actually better than expected.<br/>In a nutshell, this book is a thriller.  The reader will be entertained from beginning to end.  Brown has authored a masterpiece...it is polished...and has no weaknesses.  Consequently, I urge any business person who is taking a long trip and will spend many hours in airports and flying...to pick up this book.  I don't think its fair to share the plot with you.  I don't want to spoil the fun.  Of all the books I have reviewed for Amazon to date..."The Da Vinci Code" is by far the most entertaining.  Highly recommended.<br/>Bert Ruiz
 With the recommendation of family and friends, I finally read The Da Vinci Code.  This book has become the hot topic of debate and seems to be quite controversial in the religious forefront.  Some might say this is just another crazy conspiracy theory against the church or just another wild goose chase for the Holy Grail.  But, this book is so much more.  It opens the door for many to understand our history closer to the way it happened versus the way it was previously written.  It challenges the MEN of the church, NOT Christianity.  I am a Christian and yet, I found this book to be the simple voice spoken to the common person bringing forth truths that have been buried for centuries.  This book teaches its own lesson just by the writing of it:  Look past the characters towing the story along and read the real message.  That applies to religion as well.  It doesn't matter why you read this book (the suspense factor, the controversial enticement, the religious tinge, the information, or just because) and it doesn't even matter if you believe what it says, but, READ IT!!
 I absolutely loved this book; great concept with and extremely interesting viewpoint on the early church.  I find it rather amusing how most of the poor reviews this book has received come from what appear to be Christian fanatics.  The book, however, is not without its flaws.  The characters are nothing more than cardboard cutouts.  While I would have appreciated realistic, breathing, characters to read about, it in no way detracted from my enjoyment of the book.
 I love Browns writing style and pacing. The way he lured his characters in with intrigue is the same way he lured me into the novel. Truly a masterpiece of speculative fiction and enjoyably educational in history and symbology.
 i get the sense that Dan Brown wrote the Da Vinci<br/>Code book in an attempt to shatter myths &amp;<br/>paradigms like faberge eggs by bringing the<br/>legend, history, &amp; relevance of the of the holy<br/>grail to the masses, as only a best selling work<br/>of fiction could. to the degree that they are<br/>factual, the implications the author makes are<br/>relevant to everyone.<br/>the author takes every opportunity to pummel<br/>readers with facts, as he reveals the origins of<br/>various words, "pagan" for example, &amp; explains<br/>the significance of the sacred feminine &amp; the<br/>tragedy of its fall from prominence. the sacred<br/>feminine is the foundation for this book.<br/>i'm a sucker for anything tied to Da Vinci; the<br/>author includes some facts about Da Vinci &amp;<br/>various other standouts from history.<br/>the book gave me a lot to wonder about. primarily<br/>i wonder how much was true. i still don't<br/>understand how the masons are connected to the<br/>whole thing. he didn't explain the masonic<br/>references well at all, which i regret.<br/>time for non-fiction i supp0se.<br/>anyway, if you don't already know much about the<br/>holy grail, this book will be an interesting &amp;<br/>entirely entertaining way to find out what the<br/>holy grail is purported to be.<br/>the characters were somewhat underdeveloped.<br/>there was some predictability. it moves fast at<br/>first, towards the end it slows down, the<br/>dialogue tires out &amp; the story begins to feel<br/>awkward &amp; hastily contrived.<br/>overall it was entertaining &amp; informative. i<br/>enjoyed it.
 At first, I was proud that I was not among the 25 million or so people who have allegedly read this book.  But since I am an art history buff, and I like Ron Howard's films (and his film version of the book will be coming out later this year), I thought I would give it a shot.<br/><br/>You have to hate a book where you figure out the riddles pages and pages before the main characters do.  And I am certainly not a cryptographer, a symbologist, holy grail expert, or genius.  It's simply that these riddles were written to fool the lowest common denominator.  It barely held my interest and I almost did not finish it.<br/><br/>Save your money on the book and go see the movie instead.  I suspect it will be far better because of the excellent cast and director.  It will also probably be shot in a way that does not make the riddles seem so obvious.
 Some time ago, I read a statement about the difference between bestseller and best writer. This book is a strong instance. Even if it is arguable on so many sides, it represents nonetheless an amusing and capturing reading. But, in a sense, I have found it deceiving. As a first, a main rule in a fiction book requires that the reader shall have the same action visibility of protagonists. That rule has been systematically broken: the author refers continuously to elements the characters see, or recurs to their memories, whose explanation is postponed, sometimes after several chapters. For example, in the initial part, inside Louvre, every time a message is mentioned, the thread is interrupted, the focus is moved to a parallel one (there are ever three or four at the same time), and only when it is retrieved the description is completed. This suspension is an easy trick to increase reader's curiosity, but made me feeling a sense of incumbent delay, artificially and purportedly created, respect to the narrative flow. Nothing bad: even Conan Doyle often omitted a complete context definition, appending later additional information, but that technique causes a really different impression when used in a novel more than in short tales. As an extreme comparison, you can think how appalling can result a crime book where the guilty turns out to be a chap never mentioned before. I found that basic rule usually respected by other good bestseller authors, e.g. JK Rowling or Robert Harris, just to limit examples.<br/><br/>Of course, you cannot ignore the huge, but very few accurate and very superficial, cultural background Brown builds to support the fast pacing action. A pinch of mathematical games, cryptography, a bit more art, a lot of history (mostly fictionalised) yields a highly refined recipe, which has turned out very good to sell.<br/><br/>A comic side effect of the novel is the mass of erudite criticisms that have been written about. Those critics seem to be the only people to take the Holy Grail story seriously, worrying about confute it and pouring an endless list of references and episodes (which any navigator can find however in the Net). Naturally, authors dealing with such a subject have not many opportunities to get some visibility, so you must be comprehensive. But, considering also that, with a treachery far subtler than their textual analysis, they reveal most of the plot, you are better off reading their reviews AFTER you have read the novel.<br/><br/>On the other side, Dan Brown could have spared the allegedly historical introducing remark, whose claiming about reality of Priory of Sion is at least dubious (i.e. manifestly wrong), and which misses also the actual nature of controversies that invested Opus Dei, which has been involved more in financial scandals than accusations of brainwashing or dangerous practices.<br/><br/> So, concluding, a Cartland-like thriller, superficial, exaggerate, an editorial firework, fast-pacing, sometimes ridiculous, a pleasant reading to pass time, but nothing remarkable.
 If you haven't read this book yet, what are you waiting for! I am very glad I read the book prior to seeing the movie. The book goes into so much more detail than the movie did. I found myself on the edge of my seat! I just couldn't put the book down! I bought the hardcover illustrated edition which I really liked.  Even though Dan Brown went into great detail about the various sites, paintings, etc, it was really nice to see exactly he was describing there on the same page. I highly recommend this book!
 The Da Vinci Code<br/>One of the most popular controversial mystery novels of the Twenty-First Century which invites the reader to investigate and open one's eyes to symbolism is The Da Vinci Code, written by Dan Brown. The title alone gives the reader insight that they will be exploring one of humanities' greatest minds, Leonardo Da Vinci and some of his most famous pieces to decode symbols that are hidden within. However, the title alone does not prepare the reader for the intense adventure, suspense and unique symbolism Brown takes the reader on throughout this page turning novel.<br/>Brown introduces the two main characters early, starting the novel's suspenseful journey in France. Robert Langdon, a Harvard Professor, teaches iconology specializing in religious symbolism. To aide Langdon, an underestimated female, Sophie Neveu, a red haired cryptologist, is also established early on to the reader and Langdon. The two combine their specialties to solve the puzzles set within.<br/>Given Langdon's background the reader begins to understand his role quickly and why he is chosen. The title of the novel and the introduction of the main characters allow the reader to prepare themselves for what Brown is about to introduce to them; a lesson on history that is neither told nor understood. What captures the reader's attention and would ignite controversy for years to come is the absolutely brilliant way Brown was able to take famous works, which most people have common knowledge of in some respect or another and completely redirect their thinking of what their "true" meaning was.  The multiple mysteries in The Last Supper painting are a prime example of how Brown takes popular Renaissance work and shows the reader hidden clues that are not well known.  This redirect in his writing is what makes this story plausible, realistic and so captivating to the reader.<br/> Brown's extensive and unique use of symbolism is what makes this novel so credible and engulfing.  The symbolism presented in Da Vinci's paintings, historical churches, and even a secret group known as The Priory of Scion, all hold subtle clues and secrets. After examining multiple paintings such as The Last Supper, the reader comes to find that the main characters overlook a small detail that in fact represents the climax of the novel, it is the defining symbol that ties the thesis, the suspense, and all supporting symbolism together: the color red.<br/> By the last page the reader develops an insight never before experienced in the subjects of religion and art history. Concluding The Da Vinci Code, remains controversial and continues to challenge the reader to determine what symbols Da Vinci left are derived from historical truth and which ones remain a mystery. Furthermore, not only does Brown force the reader to question the plausibility behind Da Vinci's work on religion and art history, but by the end he also encourages the reader to look closer at the characters and locations throughout the novel to see if Brown himself left hidden clues or messages for the reader to decipher.<br/><br/>  Works Cited<br/>Brown, Dan. The Da Vinci Code: a Novel. New York: Random House Large Print, 2003. Print.<br/><br/>-Sara Pressey
 I heard all the hype, I saw all the criticism novels and I have to confess that I was intrigued. Then I was given this book as a gift and sat down to read it in one sitting and thought it was one of the best books ever. The suspense, the puzzles and the pace of it all. Two weeks later, I sat down and re-read it all and wondered what I saw in it at all. Interestingly, Tom Hanks said more or less the same thing in an interview.<br/><br/>I needn't outline the story, even on my first reading I found it a little far-fetched the theories surrounding Mary Magdelene. It may have been plausible, but I wasn't completely convinced. Then I found out that the whole thing about the Priory of Sion was a fabrication and that decided me. NONE of what is in this book is true, it's just a not-very-enjoyable pot-boiler that's going to be forgotten before too long and it already has, quite a number of books about the Da Vinci Code are now sitting on bargain tables.<br/><br/>This book may have been slightly better if Dan Brown was anything but a hack writer, but that's what he is. The Da Vinci Code is more than a blockbuster novel, it's a MOVIE disguised as a book! Brown should be a screenwriter and leave books to the more worthy, especially ones about dodgy conspiracy theories.<br/><br/>Read the book if you must but the movie is much better, Ron Howard's adaptation is much, much better anything that Brown could cook up.
 Very fun to read together with our kids ages 12 and 8.
 Unless you are a student of art history, the omnipresent imagery of the DaVinci Code can be overwhelming. I can envision the Mona Lisa, but who can visualize all the locations and artwork described in the book?<br/><br/>This is a very well done illustrated edition of the book. Many hundreds of illustrations, often more than one per page. Highly recommended if you want to read the DaVinci Code.
 It is amazing to me that this book is a number one best seller.  I guess I shouldn't be surprised, when murderers of the language like Tom Clancy and John Grisham can be at the top of the list.  The writing in this book is TERRIBLE.  Although the intellectual puzzles posed are interesting, it is completely implausible that characters under such stress, lack of sleep, etc. could suddenly have the solutions to these puzzles dawn on them.  In addition, the plot has more deus ex machina moments than the entire history of Greek theater.  Very disappointing, and not even a good read.
 Dan Brown's research into Catholicism, architecture, art history and DaVinci is apparent and impressive in this addictive piece of work.  Mr. Brown's manner of writing is such that you find yourself engrossed in the story, thinking alongside the protagonist as he reveals little known facts about the aforementioned areas of study.  This is a provocative book, challenging the reader to question formed beliefs and even do self-study into many of the revelations with which Dan Brown blesses us regarding history.  Coupled with the intense nature of the information is a fun and puzzle-solving storyline that makes the book extremely difficult to put down.  Almost all questions are answered in the end and leaves you wanting to read it again; but perhaps more entertaining - to discuss with fellow readers the topics and facts presented herein.  I highly recommend this book and for a bit more disturbing, yet equally enjoyable read, try Dan Brown's earlier work: Angels and Demons!
 Being a believer of Yaweh and Christ, but of no religion at all, I was interested in this book to learn how the non-christians look at the Jesus affair. I found it to be a very interesting novel with a nice amount of facts and creation of pseudo-facts by mere speculation using the real data. Good, light style makes this book an easy reading. But in some point, the plot loses itself in an ultimate try to end the story with a concience-rinse that reminds me of Pilatos hand washing. The author seems to get scared of his own story and pretends to build a finale that results in an excuse to those believers and christians that might result offended by its nature. If he went so far, why get back at the end and write a hollywoodesque end? My recommendation: read it, take the knowledge you find useful (like phi number, symbols, cryptology), then throw away the babble you confirm as such and go on. And don't tell my over-religious mom I've read it!!
 I read The Da Vinci Code shortly after reading Umberto Eco's Foucault's Pendulum, so the story in Brown's novel was glaringly obvious.  When the characters realized something, I wondered what had taken them so long.  Of course, I'm not sure why this book has different names, since all the characters sound alike and do what the author needs them to do, not what they would out of their natures.  The flow is one of cliff hanger to cliff hanger, leaving me feeling jerked along, but since no time is given toward interesting things like character development or meaningful interaction, the reward in the next chapter for the cliff hanger is only the saving of characters that I have no emotional investment in.  I realize that this book is a thriller.  What I didn't find were any thrills.<br/><br/>Review by the author of <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/A-Draft-of-Moonlight/dp/0983687242/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">A Draft of Moonlight</a>
 Although I was simply re-reading the book and the surprises are well-known and fully debated by now, as the book is several years old, the amount of detail in the book is still astounding.  I may disagree with the premise of the story, but I appreciate the depths of research undertaken by Dan Brown in writing the novel.
 This is a very entertaining novel, and that's all it is. I find it a bit absurd that people are getting hot and bothered because all of the "facts" in the book aren't accurate. I knew going in that this book was purely fiction and I enjoyed it in on that basis. This is light, mass market fiction that you take on vacation to read at the beach. Paul Gehrman, Author, Kaleidoscope
 Why has this been so popular?  As far as thriller plots go, it's mediocre and rather farfetched.  The characters are two-dimensional.  The writing style is not the least bit creative or literary.  The accounts of religious and art history are spurious.  The puzzles and word games provide entertaining diversions, but they don't outweigh the book's other deficiencies.  In straddling several genres, the book has apparently attracted a broad readership.  (The religious controversy it stirred up didn't hurt either.)  But I doubt that many have walked away thrilled.<br/><br/>For a monastic literary mystery, try The Name of the Rose.  For simple excitement, go for something like Michael Crichton or Harry Potter.  But don't bother with this.
 Mystery, suspense, the Catholic Church, secret societies, a Holy Bloodline from Christ!, and a malignant plot--oh how could I put it down once hooked in the first ten pages!  Dan Brown never fails to amaze me with his intrigue skills.  I recommend it to all who love a mystery and religious messages presumed to be emmanating from the great works of art!<br/><br/>I really find all the fuss over theology and this novel ridiculous but highly lucrative to serveral industries, not to mention Brown..., who never fails to entertain -)<br/><br/>Angels &amp; Demons was my favorite by Dan Brown.
 Before I begin I'ld just like to say that just because a book is exciting and keeps you enthralled does not make it poor literature.  I read this book in 48 hours and I still maintain that it was time well spent.  This entire book was filled with surprises and twists.  The protagonist, Robert Lagdon, along with Sophia Neveau find themselves on a wild journey from the Mona Lisa in Paris, to Westminster Abbey in England trying to find the secret to the Holy Grail.  But this is no treasure hunt, the Grail holds a disturbing secret, that if revealed would mean a drastic change in Western religion, thats not very clear but its hard not to give anything away.  The riddles and mysteries that they uncover are brillient, and have sometimes triple or quadruple meanings that all connect in the end.  The book may not end in with a huge bang but I felt it was fitting and beautiful. Everything is wrapped up and concluded nicely.  In conclusion, The DaVinci Code is facinating, suspensful, and completely opens the doors to new ideas about Christianity.  Just thinking about how all the riddles and symbols came together, I can only wonder at how Dan Brown did it.
 After all the media hype, I couldn't wait to read this book. The story started out very intriguing, but lost its zest fairly early in its development. The ending was pretty obvious, but the path to get there was fast and fun. While Brown does a masterful job with the historical details and information (his supporting information is amazing), the plot and characters are not developed as well as I hoped. Also, the time frame of the story is very unrealistic.<br/>This is a fun read, but not a book for easily offended Catholics, or any Christian for that matter. Great book for those fascinated with code breaking and Holy Grail mythology. It prompted me to do further reading on this subject! This book will definitly prompt readers to do some thinking about their own beliefs.
 I heard a 'blirp' about this book on NPR and there was enough intrigue to draw me in. From the first page you hit the ground running. Brown reminds you of the things you may have learned in Art 101 and then peels back several more layers and all the things you have taken for granted and places a well defined meaning on them. Math IS everywhere. The full scale scavanger hunt kept me up late two nights in a row. He is kind enough at the end to inlude the reader in the scavanger hunt as you develop the character of riddle maker you are able to guess ahead of the main character and feel a part of the story. From a Christain stand point it questions the very beginnings of what you have been taught to believe. The book is a well crafted novel with enough truth included to make it almost a historical trip back through time. A highly recommended quick read that you find your self thinking about days later and as one other reviewer put it; 'worth the second read' for the fine points.
 its hard to find a good suspense and mystery novel these days. well its hard to find one with the eloquance of dan brown who has put thought and research into the story's locations, art, and cultural aspects. even if you have never heard of opus dei before opening the book dan brown explains it in the way that everyone can understand it. the beginnings mysterious "he did this to himself murder" creates suspense for the famouse louve currator. i love the cultural aspects to the novel in its french point of view. "what do you think of the pyramid (the one at the louve designed by im pei)?" made me laugh on the french's view of their own culture. for a fan of mystery with the promise of not a plot to flop like other mysteries then dan brown presents to you a novel of greatness.
 From the first page of the Davinci Code I couldn't put it down. I thought the book was intriguing and original for several reasons. First of all the subject matter, I thought the subject matter was original and captivating. I have never read a book like this, where religion and history are the most interesting part of the book. I also enjoyed the plot. As I said Brown pulls the reader in on the first five pages and he keeps you attention the entire book. With many plot twits and surprises to keep in entertaining the book was good from the beginning to end. The  way things are explained in the book was also good. The book can be read by many ages and many levels of readers. I didn't think the  book dragged on too much either. The length was good. It kept the reader interested bit didn't drag out. The ending of the book is strong, though a little cheesy. Overall I enjoyed the book a lot.
 Dan Brown's fourth and best book<br/>This mystery thriller doesn't disappoint as it examines how history might have been rewritten if certain historical events had played out differently. Multi-layered, the book takes readers on a trip through a puzzle that requires a different set of operating instructions for each of the levels. And here's the fun part: when you've finished the book, you can go further in the quest via a website!<br/>Superb.
 Whatever you do, don't think!<br/>Dan Brown writes a speedy thriller that could keep you up all night turning pages.  This is the best thing that can be said about this book.  It's best to read it when your mind isn't sharp.<br/>In the beginning you may overlook the fact that the author has placed a flamboyant homosexual in the Grand Mastery of a goddess worshipping group that supposedly finds completion and enlightenment in heterosexual union.<br/>You may also overlook the fact that the only character described in any detail at all is the huge albino assassin following a plethora of other albino assassin stories from Foul Play to Pluto Nash (any more albino assassin stories and albinos will start an anti-defamation league).  The rest are faceless cutouts.  Even the main character gets a one line description.<br/>The book is full of puzzles, but the best of these are the anagrams.  The rest are often totally fabricated or contradictory (such as the one where we first note that hebrew has no vowels, and then get the puzzle to work out by adding vowels).<br/>Try not to notice that until the last few pages, there is only a single female character with more than half a dozen lines.  She seems to exist for the sake of the mentally superior male characters who spend most of the book lecturing her.  As a cryptographer, her only other contribution is the ability to recognize a Fibonacci series.<br/>The biggest thing to overlook is the portrayals of any faith/religion at all.  The author shows a lack of any depth in understanding either goddess worship (in which he simultaneously asserts that male and female are equal complements, and asserts that the female is greater) or Christianity (in which he seems to assume that Christianity has some concern with the gender of God except in metaphors).  Try not to think about what Christian sect the author may have had contact with that bases its beliefs or it's efforts on finding the Holy Grail.  Try to overlook the fact that if Jesus wasn't who the Bible claims him to be, any of his brothers would have the same claims of inheritance.<br/>What begins as a mystery soon becomes alternate-universe science-fiction as Mr. Brown rewrites history, religion, linguistics and logic.<br/>What could have been a thriller worthy of Alfred Hitchcock ends as a conspiracy sermon worthy of Richard Hoagland and Art Bell and a puzzle of whether this is in actuality a defense of the author's sexuality.
 Dan Brown<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code<br/><br/>Corgi Books, Paperback, 2004.<br/>12mo. 605 pp.<br/><br/>First published in 2003.<br/><br/>==========================================<br/><br/>It seems that I really should be ashamed of myself for having enjoyed this book a great deal; even more for rating it with the maximum five stars. Strangely enough, I am not. There are simple reasons for that: I picked up the book with as an unprejudiced mind as it is possible for human being to have and I didn't expect more than it could give me. So I found it gripping, compelling and fascinating read; a real page turner from cover to cover - and I had already watched the movie and knew pretty well everything that would happen; still the book hold my attention consistently, and that's saying a great deal. Certainly it isn't a book that is designed to make you think and enrich your personality. Far from it. It is book to be read solely for pleasure and entertainment. Is there anything so bad in that?<br/><br/>Before proceeding with this review there are two extremely important things about The Da Vinci Code that must be mentioned and stressed firmly since many people don't seem to remember them. This book is: 1) fiction; 2) a thriller. Now, let's look at some of the most debatable points about it; I fully realise that I myself must be a damned fool to bother with others' stupidity but then again, nobody's perfect.<br/><br/>Historical inaccuracy.<br/>Did you expect historical accuracy in a work of fiction? If you did, you hardly know the meaning of the word 'fiction' or you are too lazy to read historical studies in order to gain some knowledge and you hope to get it in the easy way, through a novel. Obviously Dan Brown cannot hold a candle to Gore Vidal, for instance, but then again The Da Vinci Code is not a historical novel; not that it would have mattered if it was. A novelist is at full liberty to manipulate his facts, historical or not, in every possible way he chooses. His aim is to write a story, not history. His story must be coherent, plausible and convincing; and Dan Brown did an excellent job. Of course there are some improbabilities but no more than what should be expected in a thriller. Now some of you may cry out: 'Ah, but Dan Brown said in so-and-so interview that everything in the book is true!'. He may well have. It only shows that Dan Brown is not a very intelligent man and as we all know, one can be an excellent novelist without being very intelligent. If the most readers of The Da Vinci Code had been so, they might have enjoyed a nice little game called 'read more history, learn something new and historically accurate about the fictional events described in the novel'; but it was not to be. For my part, beside a great deal of entertainment, the book did tickle my interest into reading more history about the Holy Grail, sacred feminine, the Knights Templar and so on. That's far more than it should be expected from a thriller and it is an excellent bonus indeed. But it is much harder, and requires much more mental power and application, than just to spill venom on how historically inaccurate the novel, a work of fiction, really is; obviously this is how most people fulfill their characters. Well, there is no harm in it. Actually, it is a rather amusing spectacle to watch.<br/><br/>The story wasn't new.<br/>So what? Dr Johnson said more than two centuries ago that if a story is new it is unlikely to be good and if it is good it is unlikely to be new. The story of The Da Vinci Code is very good indeed. Moreover, it is told in skillful way that shows a good deal of excellent sense for dramatic incident. By the way, the story was new for me and I find it compelling. But that doesn't at all mean that I am going to accept everything in it as a gospel truth, nor do I have time, or desire for that matter, to waste my time and energy with scathing attacks on the historical inaccuracy of a novel, a work of - I repeat! - fiction.<br/><br/>The characters are dull.<br/>Of course they are - they must be. For this a thriller, remember? And thriller is made with action, not with profoundly drawn characters of immense psychological depth. If you are looking for such thing in, I repeat, a thriller, you are looking in the wrong place. If you could find it, the book would not be a thriller. By the way, at least the main characters are not at all so badly drawn. Both in Robert and Sophie there is something; not much for sure but something nonetheless. Furthermore, the flirt between them is limited to five lines out of five hundred pages and that's something highly commendable indeed.<br/><br/>Dan Brown writes badly.<br/>Well, if anything The Da Vinci Code is eminently readable. I call something 'badly written' if it is totally unreadable or utterly tedious; I found Dan Brown's style neither. His sentences can be somewhat clumsy sometimes but nothing terrible at all. Moreover, their meaning is seldom unclear. I surmise most of these accusations how badly Dan Brown writes are made by people who try to write themselves and are green with envy that somebody who doesn't at all write better (actually much worse, if you ask them) should attain such a popularity and make pots of money while their considerable merit still remains unrecognised by the world. It is very natural. I guess another reason for this may be the deep preconception in the minds of many people, who probably don't even realise how conceited they are, that something readable can have any value, that something popular must be valueless. It must be a great comfort for such people that what they read is not read by the common run of men because it is so much above their intelligence. It is flattering for the human vanity, is it not?<br/><br/>The book offends a good many devout Christians and Christianity as a whole and so on and so forth.<br/>Well, frankly speaking, all people who are offended as Christians and think their religion, nay their faith even, compromised by a work of fiction are - no apologies! - perfect morons. No excuses can be found and no allowances can be made for people who so obviously and so completely lack common sense. There is no obligation to read, much less to like, any work of - I repeat yet again - fiction; and if you don't have the slight amount of imagination, should you like it, to enjoy it, you'd better not read it at all. The tremendous religious hysteria that The Da Vinci Code has caused is just another perfect example for the uncommon stupidity of the human race as a whole.<br/><br/>Is The Da Vinci Code a great book? I don't know - and neither do you. Only time can, and will, tell this. I can certainly say it is an excellent thriller and since I think a book should be judged, if at all, only within its genre I have no hesitation to give it full five stars. Surely it is isn't a book designed to make you think or to develop your personality; it is such by design; so any accusations that it actually doesn't are simply pathetic. It is book to be read solely for entertainment and enjoyment. It is a thriller and the first and foremost you should ask from a thriller is to give you a thrill. If it does that, it does quite enough. I don't expect I will ever re-read The Da Vinci Code but I certainly don't consider the time spent reading it as lost. It's been quite a thrill.
 Every few years the publishing world goes crazy over the next big thing.  Basically the latest Stephen King novel, the new Oprah's Book Club selection, or magical books about a wizard named Harry grasp the world's attention for a few months.  While nothing changes in the real world, a handful of books allow the publishing world to breathe a collective sigh of relief.  People can and still do read books.<br/><br/>Unlike movies, television, or music, literature needs to hold our attention for more than just a few moments.  Who's going to pay thirty bucks for the latest John Grisham novel when they can't get past the first couple of pages?  The question of whether a book grabs me and keeps me reading plagues my mind.  How many well written books have I put down to never pick back up again? That's why it was amazing that I finished THE DAVINCI CODE.  A book so lacking in anything remotely compelling that the only reason it exists is because it's such a fast read.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon has been called to the Louvre to answer questions about the death of Jacques Sauniere. Sauniere is the curator of the Louvre and was supposed to have drinks with Langdon that evening.  His body was found naked  in a weird pose with ominous words surrounding him. His final written words "P.S. find Robert Langdon." Soon Langdon discovers he is the prime suspect in Sauniere's murder.  But he has some friends to help him prove his innocence, like Sophie, Sauniere's estranged granddaughter, and his old friend Sir Leigh Teabing.  With their help,  Langdon sets out on an adventure to save his good name.  In the process he stumbles upon a mystery that could change the course of human history forever.<br/><br/>I started reading this book because I had heard so many good things.  I had followed the controversy and it interested me.  But mostly it was because a close friend kept asking me what I thought of the darn thing.  So I grabbed the value priced paperback and began reading.  I set the book down about fifty times each time I begged myself not to finish it.  But alas I did and it was only after the finished the book that I realized this would make a far better movie.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's book is so simple. The chapters are about a page and half long and the story so riddled with modern day movie cliches.  I found myself not invested in the story as much as tearing apart its faulty logic.  If you don't realize who the bad guy is about 15 minutes before you even meet him, you've obviously never been to the movies. It's not that Brown doesn't try to pull out all the stops.  I found the renegade Super-Catholic and the crazy albino monk to be the most compelling characters and vastly underutilized.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is supposed to be this great doctor of symbology.  But he makes mistakes at every turn. Brown actually writes an entire chapter about how he can't figure out some strange DaVinci language.  Alas, it was English written backwards with some swoopy curves.  Even I could see that with my own two eyes and I'm not a symbologist. Hmmm..... maybe I missed my calling.<br/><br/>To cover up the weakness in plot Brown fills the story up with what has been pissing off Catholics and to some extent Protestants for a couple of hundred years.  You see, many hundreds of years ago a bunch of wacky nuts named the Gnostics decided they like this Jesus cat but didn't like the whole religion part. So they stripped the Bible of its religious content and filled in the hole with a story involving Jesus getting married and moving to Europe.  Then they convinced a bunch of guys that the Catholic church covered up the story thus deceiving millions of people around the world.  Trust me, it's all bunk.  Any freshman history major can tell you that the Gnostic gospels (the earliest written at least 150 years after the events of the Bible) cannot be considered eye-witness accounts even though the Gnostics claim they were.<br/><br/>Brown does nothing to clarify this. His theories and research do nothing but cast doubt.  His research runs the gamut from interesting to just plain silly.  I especially loved his nod to The Little Mermaid.  But at heart, his character's discussions are so convoluted I kept thinking back to my argumentation class in college where I learned of a little guy named Occam and his Razor.  In essence "the simplest answer is usually the best answer."  But The Davinci Code only offers convoluted proof to what should be a lot simpler.<br/><br/>What makes Dan Brown's research even more pointless is that he allows his book to end on this silly and yet astoundingly stupid statement about what "the Holy Grail" is or is not.  It really begs the question "Why such a high body count?" They went through all that for some idealistic claptrap?  If I were Robert Langdon I would have quit my job and become a greeter at Wal-Mart after that reveal.<br/><br/>The Davinci Code is a badly written farce of a book.  With tons of great literature why is this the best-selling fiction novel of all time?  I guess because it's easy to finish.  But if you're looking for some insight on DaVinci, or symbology, or even good character development then The Davinci Code is not worth your time.  I'm curious though.  I wonder if  the movie will feature the scene with the old people having sex.  That would be funny!
 The book is a good conspiracy type story that did keep me interested.  Although, at times I felt that Dan Brown was trying to hard to get his point across, and the characters almost seemed to be preaching at times.  The factual information regarding the life of Jesus that Dan Brown writes about in his book is very controversial to say the least.  For a more accurate portrayal of Christ I would recommend The Case For Christ by Lee Strobel.  There are other controversial subjects Dan Brown touches on such as the interpretation of art and history pertaining to the Holy Grail.  The one thing that I really did enjoy about the book is that much of the action took place in well know places of interest... places that I have not visited, and by reading this book I learned a lot about these places.  I liked it enough that I plan to read some more of his books.
 I received this beautiful book as a gift and it is a grand complement to the paperback version. With the Special Illustrated Edition on your lap you no longer need to look up all the magnificent works of art and Renaissance architecture since all the necessary information for any Holy Grail quest is suddenly in front of you. This splendid publication makes it far easier to follow all the hidden clues in The Da Vinci Code, while at the sametime it further helps to bring Dan Brown's wonderful story to life. Not that The Da Vinci Code needs pictures to make it readable! I first read this contoversial story shortly after it was published and it still remains in my top 5 favourite books of all time. It could also prove to be one of the greatest mystery books ever written.<br/><br/>So why all the controversy about a fictional plot with equally fictional characters? For those persons living in Outer Mongolia and County Kerry who haven't yet heard about The Da Vinci Code, the book contains historical information about a secret brotherhood and hidden clues in world famous works of art that communicate knowledge about the survival of the Royal bloodline - The Holy Grail. This knowledge, if true, subsequently challenges the Vatican's perceived origins of its faith and therefore draws into question the legitimatacy of the Catholic Church in modern times; Martin Luther where art thou?<br/><br/>Fact or fiction in relation to the book's historical content, The Da Vinci Code's Special Illustrated Edition further opens up your mind to concepts and ideas which the Vatican considers to be heresy. And having been educated at a single sex Catholic School, I am fully aware of all forms of heresy! However, for Dan Brown fans and Holy Grail enthusiasts alike who prefere to 'Love Thy Neigbour As Thy Self', this edition is a must have if you want to study and research all the art clues and then draw your own conclusions about the survival of Christ's bloodline.
 I looked at this book as purely a piece of fiction to enjoy. It doesnt matter to me if there are facts present in this book or not. They never mattered anyway ;-) I found the book fast-paced and very exciting for the first half. It was almost like a roller coaster ride. You do pause sometimes to think whether the author is quoting a fact or just cooking something up at times. The search for the Holy Grail kept me engrossed till the end and when I finally got through the final pages, it left me a little dissapointed with the end .. but at the same time I give credit to the author that he actually built that momentum and expectation. Its quite an enjoyable piece of fiction ... it wont dissapoint u if you prefer to just let it be what it is.
 This is an engaging, well written book and gets 5 stars on that front. There are many issues with the content of the book- not only much too sexual for my tastes, but the historical inaccuracies are appalling (others have gone into detail on this front so I will spare you). Brown maintains that this work of fiction is true which heightens the tension &amp; raises the burden for truth. The content receives a disappointing 1 star for a book average of 3 stars.
 This was my first Dan Brown experience, and I am now a certified fan!  "The Da Vinci Code" is a thoroughly engrossing, fascinating read.  I could not put it down!  The interweaving of historical facts and fiction in the context of art and religion is very well done and provides an enlightening reading experience for those of us less familiar with the history of Christianity and Catholicism.  Thoroughly entertaining, highly recommended.
 This book was a truely fantastic read, I wasn't able to put the book down till I actually finished, such is the gripping nature of it. Everything, is in such great detail, and every question that arose in my mind, while reading the book, was answered somewhere later in the text. The cryptic clues are not too obvious either, and the story line isn't predictable, which is the case with some books. I had mant thoughts crossing my mind while reading the text. This I believe is a clear indication that in this book you can maintain an interest, and it makes you keen to keep on reading.<br/>All of the escape plans devised by devised by Sophie Neveu and Robert Langdon are pure genius, as was their escape when they were in the hangar just as they'd landed at Biggin Hill. Everytime you expect them to get cornered by the DCPJ, they find some way out!<br/>The text also provides a lot of information for the reader which enables them to feel like their actually living the scenes in the book.<br/>This is one of those books, that could make a blockbuster film in my opinion!<br/>A definite must buy! You won't be able to put it down! Trust me!
 I'm still not sure why, but I read stuff on planes that I'd never pick up normally. This is a great example of that genre. A complex murder scene sets off an incredible chain of events. At every step, each revelation only deepens the mystery and widens the array of forces set up against our protagonists. The plot turns into a collision of shadowy religious cult and historians intent on establishing facts that could shock the world, under pressure from an international police chase.<br/><br/>The book did what I wanted - it passed the time, and amused me better than the bland in-flight movie could have. The heavy mix of fact in with the fiction helped bring the story to life for me. In the end, though, it's just another thriller.<br/><br/>//wiredweird
 I bought this book because I heard/read that it dealt with secrets of the Vatican, etc.  I read it very quickly and found it to be fast-paced, full of action, you know, the whole nine yards.  One thing I chuckle about is the fact that many people get their knickers in a twist when they read that a book is about how the Vatican has brainwashed billions of people over two thousand years.  Relax...It is a book.  No one ever said that this book is true...Dan Brown does so you will buy it and read it.  I will read it again in a few months, knowing full well that I will enjoy it.  In the end, I just say to...Read and enjoy.
 I don't like to judge books without reading them, and sadly I did finish this sophomoric (is there such a thing as freshmanic?) work of "literature." Dave Barry said it better than anyone else by "writing" his own version in a column that was not only wittier, but more engrossing -- all in about 1/2 page.  When you have to stoop to cheap cliffhanger tricks at the end of every chapter to make certain the reader doesn't just stop reading and go play on the swingset, you might as well put down the pen and go work in the yard.<br/><br/>This book simply confirms the dreaful state of affairs produced by the pitiful public education system we're saddled with here in the US.
 The plot is around a conspiracy theory about Roman Catholic church, specifically Opus Dei order, trying to hide the role of Mary Magdalene, in their struggle against another secret organization (whose name escapes me) attempting to preserve the "true" story.<br/><br/>I have no opinion one way or the other as to whether there is much merit to the theory/story, it may be true for all I know - I'm not even a Christian.  But reading the book, I'm constantly reminded of the resemblance with the Illuminati trilogy, the goofy 70's (60's?) mother of all conspiracy theory tome.  The author seems to progress along the other themes on the Illuminati trilogy - I hear that one of his later books is printed in Germany with the title "Illuminati".<br/><br/>It's a knock-off, marketing-sanitized for the mass market today.  Still a decent page turner, though.
 An entertaining read. I bought it as a friend had recommended it and it was also ranked No. 1 at Amazon.<br/>The author tries and does a good job to popularize the theory that Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene. There are some very entertaining passages in the book when he discusses the mortality of Jesus and how the Church came about. The book also goes into various tangents that are intelligent but not related to the subject. Well, my brain can only take so much useless information.
 Although every once in a while THE DA VINCI CODE proves to be intriguing and presents some interesting religious and political issues, the misinformation and juvenile style of writing is taxing, to say the least. I have not studied the Priory of Sion or Opus Dei extensively, but the obnoxious 'FACT' page at the beginning of the book poses the question of just how and why Dan Brown is privy to all of these secrets of the Catholic church, and the alleged sexual rituals of Sion, among other things. If he would cite his sources when he occasionally stumbled upon a fact or two and used some other form of notation when he let his imagination get the best of him, the book would be slightly more credible.<br/>  In addition to the questionable credibility of the CODE, it was embarrassing to read Brown's attempt at dialouge, particularly when he was discussing advanced symbolism with his college students as well as the college inmates. I cringed as Brown's writing was immediately reduced to that of a small child, as every revelation Langdon the symbologist came to was greeted by astonishment by his various "classes". The situation was similar as Langdon and Teabing, the wealthy protector of the seekers of the holy grail, informed Sophie, Langdon's accomplice, about the grail, and I found it difficult to maintain my composure during these particularly painful passages.<br/>  It is interesting that out of all the books on the market, the public has chosen to embrace this one.
 This is the type of novel that is best read before the hype, considering once you read it after the hype, it becomes entirely an act of sorting through other people's thoughts and arguments about what it becomes in the end and "choosing a side, so to speak."  So when approaching this novel so controversial in quality, I speak only of my responses to others' arguments, ones obtained without even searching or asking for them.<br/><br/>So I will begin with the now pop-lore level overview of the book: a "symbologist" named Robert Langdon is called to investigate a murder at the Louvre, and he doesn't know why.  Half-an-hour, a new female friend (to quote Monty python: "Hint hint nudge nudge wink wink say no more, say no more), and a bunch of enemies later, Langdon is in a race to uncover a multigenerational, internation conspiracy involving a lot of Da Vinci, a lot of Christian analysis, and quite a lot of allusions to the idea that maybe the Catholic church ain't so benevolent an institution.<br/><br/>In general it's a pretty engaging thriller, interesting and keeps up a fast, fun pace.  If it wasn't nearly as famous, I'd go as far as to say it'd be pretty much liked by everyone who found it.  If it less-than-popular, it would be a cult classic that was "underminded by the status quo" and kept out of the limelight because of the controversial ideas it presents.<br/><br/>Instead, it's rather famous, with all of the angry fundamentalist Christians saying it shouldn't exist out there necessary to code it deep within our souls that this novel MIGHT BE SAYIN' SOMETHIN'!  Goodness knows it isn't an important work if it doesn't anger da Krishtens.<br/><br/>Which is funny, because once again, if they had actually read the entire thing, they might have realized that it's ultimate view of Christianity is not as demeaning.  Funny how often that happens.<br/><br/>But of course, I can understand them their not wanting to read further, as the book pretty much presents a plethora of fast-paced ideas without really working on some of the more, shall we say, "literate"? aspects of the novel.  When people say that this was written to be a movie, they are not lying.  I could see the shots all planned out, but none of the character development we expect from the ability to crawl into these characters' consciencenesses.  "He got shot, and felt pain."  That's basically as far as it goes with character development.<br/><br/>Indeed, the whole power of the book rests on two things: interesting ideas, and thrills.  The interesting ideas are about as controversial as the book itself: are they real, fabricated, or just misrepresented?  The answer to that pretty much depends on how interested you are in the subject matter and what you know.  Let me put it this way: if you don't know anything about art history and want an entertaining fiction, it's a great novel.  If you're some crazy intelligent person who actually knows about all the information on the book, you'll be too busy nitpicking to enjoy it's, let's call it FICTIONAL, elements.  Because despite the little thing in the front that claims truth, this is a fiction, buddy, and should be taken as such.<br/><br/>No, where I actually pull my problems with the novel comes from the things people call it's greatest strength: it's suspense.  Sure, it moves at a breakneck speed, but it moves at a breakneck speed so willing to give denouement to each chapter that you can leave the car at any moment relatively unharmed.  The puzzles, riddles, and such run the gamut between ingenious and obvious (sometimes I was all like "Dude, this CAN'T mean anything... oh..." and sometimes I was like, "Why is it taking half a second for them to figure this one out?"), but all of them are given their solution within fifteen pages.  Gripping suspense that is not.  Anyone can rest easy knowing the next big moment of the book is just another five minute's read away, usually with enough expository dialog, ("I'm glad you asked, now let me tell you!") to know when it's okay to take a break.  The in-book timeline may be short (over the course of less than 24 hours), by the book's thickness is not created by a full twenty four hours of direct action.<br/><br/>I think the book could have used some minor dieting.  Lose a couple unnecessary characters, not be so repetitive with the flashbacks (or here's a thought, take them out completely...), do a bit o' the ol' "Show, don't tell..."  In fact, it went through such lengths to tie up every loose thread that basically nothing was left to the imagination.  That's disappointing, as the book itself is a great medium from which to express these ideas to do something called "making people think."  Instead it just kind of finishes everything and then even goes as far as to take the time to explain that it is, in itself, metaphorical and symbolic as well!  Good job there, Mr. Brown.<br/><br/>At this point, it's pretty much up to you how much you enjoy it.  What you're expecting is exactly what you'll get out of it.  If you've seen the movie, the book is unnecessary, because you've seen everything and it was written to be a movie.  If you've read the book, the movie is unnecessary, because you've basically read everything and even have the implied shot list.<br/><br/>In the end it's basically just another decent pulp novel.<br/><br/>--PolarisDiB
 The controversy surrounding Dan Brown's best-seller is outrageous. If you approach this well-written and gripping piece of literature as a work of fiction (as I did), then all is well and good. I loved it. Dan Brown is a master as interweaving fact and fiction, crafting a multi-layered story within a concept long considered heresy. Approach it as a work of fiction. Rated PG for some violence.
 This is by far one of the best books I've read in a very long time and I am an avid reader.  I will have to say I picked it up and didn't literally put it down until the end. Where would you stop?  The author isn't against the Christain faith as some have written. I believe he actually confirms it.  Many scientists, artists and brilliant minds were ridiculed in their day and have been clearly accepted today.  Is it a book of controversy?  Absolutely.  Does it make you think, look and pick up copies of old masters to see what you've never seen before.  Definitely. Does it get people talking around the coffepot about a subject long forgotten?  You bet.  It is exhilirating. My favorite line  was about the greatest book ever written - "you mean Harry Potter is about the Holy Grail?" - "I was speaking of the Bible."  I would love to meet this writer.  Kudos to you sir. And thanks from a female fan. May your tribe increase.
 I bought this book because it was on the NY times bestseller list and the small blurb I read was interesting. I had no idea I'd be so captivated by the the story. It was a page turner that kept me wondering... what will happen next and who's involved. I do believe that these reviews should just be a REVIEW and not a book report, so I will end by saying, I recommend this book to anyone... I am not an artist.. or any sort of scholar or even a student researching DaVinci or secret societies...  I read because I love to and this book beckons any on who's into a good mystery.
 i wanted to see what would make a bestseller - and now i know, appeals to the lowest common denominator.  it is a somewhat entertaining book because i did not have to use much of my intellect.  however, it insults the intelligence of many people especially in places where the author attempts to explain, e.g., how much $20 million euro is, who designed the pyramids at the Louvre, etc.  but worse is the writing, the lack of character development and the interesting similarity in plot (and plot only) with umberto's foucault's pendulum, though the latter books is a masterpiece.  so, if one is looking for an entertaining book on the plane, this might be an ok book.  but if one is looking for intellectually honest book with superb writing, this will definitely disappoint you.
 I can't possibly put into word what I desire to say about Dan Browns writing. So I wont even try. He is certainly a genuis and a natural with talent that can only be inborn. This type of writing cannot be taught or i would have found the teacher and studied with them for years. Brilliant, genuis, and extraordinary is all I can say about Mr. Browns incredible talent. You must read his books!
 Not much I can say that hasn't already been said.  The great thing about this book is that it's one of those books that gets you excited about reading and the subject material.  After reading this book I wanted to get my hands on anything related to Da Vinci and Jesus Christ's origins that I could.  It ultimately led me to read several other books and watch a bunch of TV specials just try and recapture the enjoyment I got from reading it.
 I took my time reading this book back in 2004. What a wonderful read. The detail and time this author put into the book is amazing and I look forward to reading more. Since I had been to many of the places described, I quickly found myself transported across the continent. I highly recommend this book.<br/><br/>J.R. Reardon<br/>author, CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATIONS
 Since the book has been out for almost a year, guess I'm a late bloomer on this one.  I'd have to say it's THE best book I've read in ages.<br/>The subject matter is fascinating and illuminating.  Brown did a tremendous job taking the topic and weaving a superb suspense novel.  It's classified as fiction, however, it certainly has some very valid points.  With the world situation as it is, it made this reader pause and think.<br/>I already have Angels &amp; Demons sitting here ready to start.  A genius of an author with a unique twist on an old subject.  The story gripped me till the very end, as one twist after another was revealed.<br/>Well done!
 Listen, I understand that the story is a bit exciting and fun to read at times, but this guy is a really weak writer.  I don't want to be an elitist, but i have read some pretty good stuff in my day and this is really not it at all.  The story itself is totally unbelieveable, but that's okay.  Who said books can't be a bit fantastic and out-there?  but Brown is a really terrible writer.  The DV Code is totally forced, concocted, and cheesey.  And have you tried any of the other books this clown had written?  Digital Fortress was again, a nice little (predictable) story, but Holy S### was the writing weak.  So in the end if you want to be entertained, I bet the movie will be worth 10 bucks, but the read?  Do that at your own risk of reading some of the most shoddy writing you've ever read, unless of course you read Steele, or Higgins-Clark, or Clancy for that matter.
 Like every single other novel he wrote, Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code is an over-the-top paranoid conspiracy thriller that's riddled with a poor plot and questionable "research". All religious controversy aside, the main problem with this book is just the godawful clichés that are everywhere. The unstoppable assassin (who despite being albino has no vision problems even though the lack of all pigments cause albinos to have bad vision), the forced romance, the ridiculous plot twist that's supposed to shock us all, but seems to lack reason, and inane puzzles. Additionally, the plot is rife with mere stupidity. How does someone dying of a gunshot wound manage to write a diagram and other various things on the floor? (It's rather like the scene from Monty Python And The Holy Grail with the Castle Aaarrrggghhh....) Why is it that the aforementioned dying character have the same last name as a priest who dabbled in the occult about 100 years ago (talk about obvious allusions)? Why do the main characters stop to look at a painting as they're being chased? Why are all the villains so stereotypically malicious without any motivation? Why does the villain do the old "tell 'em everything before you kill them" routine that's been in every single James Bond movie?<br/>Finally there's the whole religious issue. Obviously, Dan Brown has some issues with the Roman Catholic Church as evidenced by this book and his other work Angels &amp; Demons (which by the way is EXACTLY the same as this book), but that is not what bothers me. What bothers me is that he claims all he is written is true, when most of his sources are of questionable integrity and much of what he writes is apparently woefully inaccurate.<br/>To conclude, The Da Vinci Code is a formulaic thriller that only stands out due to its subject matter, which cannot save it from the woeful clichés that pepper the novel. If you want a thriller based on fact, read The ODESSA File by Frederick Forsyth, or Spandau Phoenix by Greg Iles. These novels manage to combine fact and fiction and do not fail on such ridiculous cliché.
 The Da Vinci Code gets three stars from me.  I found it entertaining, undemanding, inexpensive, and (slightly) informative.<br/><br/>The Good:<br/><br/>This book is well worth its paperback price.  Dan Brown tells a good fictional story, that most readers will appreciate from beginning to end.  I finished it in less than 24 hours and I'm a very discriminating reader who rarely reads any fiction that hasn't yet been agreed upon as "literature".<br/><br/>Most readers will also learn something from reading this book.  I do not refer to the conjuectures that Brown makes from his non-factual premises.  Instead, there are a lot of small nuggets of information that even well-read people are likely to have never picked up on or else forgotten.  Examples include PHI, the origin of draconian, pagan, villager etc.<br/><br/>The Bad:<br/><br/>Symbol overload.  I realize that Langdon is a symbologist, but he makes himself see implications of the "sacred feminine" in virtually everything.  Learning more about roses was interesting, conjecturing that all troubadors were on a mission to keep alive the veneration of "the goddess" was a bit too ham-fisted.<br/><br/>Brown's "Facts".  Previous reviewer's have pointed out these faults in exhaustive detail, but for those who dont want to read through 3000 reviews, I'll recap the one's that stood out for me.<br/><br/>-  the priory of sion is a hoax...it never existed except through the machinations of a French career con-man.<br/><br/>-  the 4th century Council of Nicea did not "first propose and vote" on Christ's divinity.<br/><br/>-  the "marriage of Jesus and Mary" is NOT a matter of historical record.
 I read this book, believe it or not, for a history class at the University of California, Berkeley.  The plot was fairly entertaining, and it was readable to a degree that I was able to finish most of it at the last minute (ahhh the college years).  This is why it gets two stars.<br/>The problem is that it furthers an unfounded, oversimplistic, and extremely dangerous view of history.  I've read that reviewers go on to brag that they have checked the information in the book via the internet.  Well that's great, but SCHOLARS DON'T PUBLISH ON THE INTERNET.  Half-baked conspiracy theorists do.  Chances are you would find pages and pages filled with "evidence" supporting the goddess theory and the rest of Brown's claims, when the truth is that source material, combined with a little bit of common sense, propose a far more complex and realistic picture.  Could a logical thinker truly assume that, before Christianity, everybody was enlightened and happy in a society in which there was equality between the sexes?  Medieval Christianity had many abuses, but the truth is that the spread of Christianity through the Roman empire was actually associated with many advances in the condition of women.<br/>Bottom line:  If you want an enteraining read, feel free to indulge (although I can think of a few books i'd rather read).  But don't take any of Brown's claims seriously.
 I just read "The Da Vinci Code", and my friend was right that I would finish the thriller in one day.  Maybe I'm just picky, but the book is chalk full of mistakes, including (spoiler alert!),<br/><br/>1. Godfroi de Bouillon was never the King of France.<br/><br/>2. The scene where Sophie walks in on her grandfather at his chateau describes all the parked high end German cars.  However, those in positions of power in France drive either Renault 605's or Citroen C 5's.  In fact, this would be a requirement for executives of government institutions, which her grandfather and other sénéchauds presided over.<br/><br/>3. The number of apostles in Da Vinci's Last Supper is the right number (12).  The apostle to the right of Christ is St. John the Evangelist, which is true for countless surviving Last Supper's and Calvary depictions from the High Middle Ages in both painting and sculpture.  Because St. John always has long hair and is the youngest as well as the only un-bearded apostle, there is naturally a heightened contrast with the other apostles (old, bearded, and some bald).<br/><br/>In addition, since he was Christ's favorite apostle, obvious signs of consolatory affection are often depicted between the two.  In any case, Da Vinci's St. John looks no more effeminate then those of 15th Century German sculptures, for example.  And of course, if St. John is now said to be Mary Magdalene, then where is the twelfth apostle, which one of them would be missing, and why?<br/><br/>4. That Da Vinci created anagrams of the words "Mona Lisa" is ridiculous since, a) Da Vinci didn't speak English  and b) the painting is not called the Mona Lisa in Italy, France, etc.  In Spanish, "Mona Lisa" literally means "Smooth Monkey"!<br/><br/>5. In Da Vinci's "Madonna on the Rocks", St. John the Baptist is clearly the one on the left because his is bigger and older.  Since John was nearly a year older than Jesus, he is always shown larger when the two are depicted together as children.  This is a convention throughout the canon of High Gothic/Renaissance Art, independent of other attributes.<br/><br/>6. The abundant rose symbolism in Gothic cathedrals, stems from the cult of the Virgin Mary.  There is no need to "promote" Mary Magdalene to the role of (feminine) symmetrical opposite of Christ because that role was already fulfilled in the Middle Ages by the Virgin.  Every cathedral in Europe was dedicated to a saint, and in France, fully half of all cathedrals were dedicated to the Virgin.  The rose was one of the many symbols associated with her.  Thanks to the importance of the Virgin Mary, the roots of Feminism could take hold in Europe, allowing a succession of powerful women such as Hildegard Von Bingen, Marie de France, Eleonor of Aquitaine, etc. -- which never occurred in Islam, for example, perhaps due to its lack of feminine role models in the Koran.<br/><br/>7. The "promotion" of Mary Magdalene to wife of Jesus from "mere whore" in reality deprives Christianity of one of its most important contributions; namely, the notion of "redemption".  In the Old Testament, sinners are punished, full stop.  The New Testament introduces the idea that wrong doers can be redeemed (another innovation lacking in Islam).<br/><br/>8. The book says that the Knights Templar spent months living hard and digging around "the ruins of Solomon's Temple" looking for the Holy Grail.  In fact, the impressive and still standing Dome of the Rock (Al Aqsa) Mosque had already been built by then:  thus the area was far from being a ruin.  The Knights Templar installed themselves in the Dome because it was "in your face" to the Muslims, was on good commanding high ground, and provided all the comforts of a palace.<br/><br/>9. It was Phillip IV of France who gave the order to have the Templar Knights arrested, not Pope Clement V.  And this well planned, simultaneous operation occurred only in France, not in all of Europe.<br/><br/>10. The book implies that the Dead Sea Scrolls contain rejected New Testament gospels.  In fact, the Dead Sea Scrolls contain very little that can be directly cross-referenced to the New Testament.<br/><br/>But I still had fun reading it -- it was a perfectly good waste of a few hours!
 It seems as though there are no middle of the road reviews on Dan Brown's DaVinci's Code.  Either they are wildly euthusiastic or a complete pan.  The story's premise has an interesting hook that grabs almost anyone (Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene) but, delivers it with such lameness that the reader becomes annoyed.  Not even the fast facts nor the historical trivia can keep you from noticing the all too convenient discoveries and formula type writing.  For example the multiple uses of the second look at any situation yielding much more information than the first.  I would imagine this is to create suspense or intrique.  It accomplishes nothing when used twenty times in the book.  We end up wishing the main characters would purchase a pair of dime store bifocals to see what is patently obvious to the reader.  All in all I was left on completion of the book with the feeling of how good it could have been.
 I have heard many friends rave about this book but honestly didn't think that I would find it interesting, not my type of book. Or so I thought, I started it at 4 o'clock pm and couldn't put it down until I finished it at ten thirty that night. A fantastic read that I suggest to any who like to have their intelligence tweaked! Also love how he weaves truth of our very real world into his books. Have to respect the amount of research he must have done to write the book. Bravo to Dan Brown!!!
 I LOVED this book, so much I purchased all the author's other works.  The best part about this book is that all the research and secrets are true!  Many other reviewers have noted the similiarities to Holy Blood, Holy Grail, but even the author himself quotes from the book.  He's not trying to restate what others have said, but map his story around the subject.  Intense and intriguing, a great read.
 I got a few pages into the da vinci code when i realized i was<br/>supremely annoyed at the writing style.  I mean sure the information is interesting, but the format of 3 lines of conversation followed by 'Sophia knew that...'  and jumping into a paragraph of internal explanation.  It's not even presented as internalized thought. The book would of been much more interesting if it had taken place as a conversation, rather than a bunch of factual (or semi-facutal) asides.  I gave it three stars for the info alone. I also agree with the Eco quote in another comment. A similar one is the Law of Fives. The Law of Fives states simply that: All things happen in Fives, or are divisible by or are multiples of Five, or are somehow directly or indirectly appropriate to 5.  substitute Mary M.  for Five and you've got the da vinci code.
 I have read many great books before, but I never had any concept of what a "page-turner" really was before I read "The DaVinci Code."  The first night, I started reading and the next time I looked up, it was 2 a.m. and I had read about 150 pages. The simple fact that it is a good thriller makes it hard to put down.  However, the most enthralling aspect of this book is the simultaneous presentation of some mind-blowing revelations about the roots of Christianity and Christian symbolism.  Not only do you keep reading to find out what happens to the characters, but you also do so to find out the next little historical detail that Brown repeatedly dangles in front of your nose.  The only thing I didn't like about this book was the dubious nature of some of the "revelations" that are presented.  I am generally skeptical about symbology to begin with (anyone can attach any meaning they wish to a symbol or painting, or even a work of literature, if the person who made it is dead), and this book didn't do anything to lessen my skepticism.  All in all, a very enjoyable book, particularly for someone with an open mind and a good knowledge of traditional Christian beliefs.
 The Da Vinci Code has sparked numerous theories and controversy against most of what Catholic (Christians) believe in. This is part of the reason why I picked it up as well. I had heard a lot about this book in the news, through my library, school, and through my family. I decided to read this just for fun not realizing how contradictory it was towards the Catholic Church; I had thought originally that the book was "over talked" about. I mean really, how bad can one book be? So I decided to take a chance and I picked it up and dove into the ancient history Leonardo and his followers.  In the end, the book took so many twist in turns in history that it was definitely worth the read.<br/><br/> Premise of the story basically follows along  the lines of a certain group of people believe that Jesus has had relations with one of his disciples, Mary Magdalene producing children. Based off that, Robert Langdon is called to investigate a murder that will change his life. A Jacques Saunière is found murdered in the basement of the Louve in Paris, The police believe that he is the number one suspect because he was the last person to see him alive. Robert works with the Sauniére's granddaughter in order to solve the case and to find the Holy Grail. In the end, we learn that Sauniére had been protecting Sophia because she had been carrying the bloodline of Jesus. This thrilling novel will take you through some of the most darkest history known to man.<br/><br/> There were not many things that I did not like about the book. The only thing I would say that was bad, was that it went against my knowledge of what I had known about the Catholic Church. The book bended your knowledge what you thought you know and what they were trying to tell you what was true. It is true, after reading this book, it brought up many questions to my mind about what really happened back in the life time of Jesus. I did think to my self, saying that this is only fiction.<br/><br/> Overall I really enjoyed this novel. Mainly because it was an action novel, it seemed every second there was something going on. Every time you turned the page, you did not know what to expect. Dan Brown did and excellent job tying in facts into his story line as well. He would use Robert Langdon's thoughts to express information based off of history. Also, to weave such an intricate story line in with all of the action, I thought was superb!<br/><br/> I would recommend this book to any one who is looking for a thrill and to gain and test your knowledge as well. If you are willing to open up your mind to new ideas, then this book is defiantly for you. I would recommend thou, reading Angels and Demons  first because you can get a better perspective on Robert Langdon before reading the Da Vinci Code. With all said, this book is perfect for anyone looking for an adventure!
 Well, I finally read it, just to see what all the hype was about. And I was VERY unimpressed. And, no, it's not just because it "challenges" "traditional" Christianity. It's because the so-called "challenge" was so weak. Even just a little bit of historical research blows Dan Brown's theories out of the water. Constantine collated the New Testament --- really? Who does he expect to believe this junk. The gross historical inaccuracies aside, the writing isn't very good either, honestly. There was a lot of potential for a good novel here, but he wasted chapter after chapter preaching and trying to persuade the reader. Just not a good book. I did, though, enjoy reading his "Angels &amp; Demons," which has a similar focus but a much better story and much less time using his soapbox.
 As long as you don't take any of Brown's assertions about the secret societies and direct descendants of Jesus seriously, it's a pretty good mystery. A bit far fetched at times and it loses steam toward the end, but on the whole a harmless, somewhat guilty pleasure.
 Like many of the later reviewers, I came to this novel with a couple of years' hype preceding my read.  In the end I thought I would try to find time to read the book before I saw the movie.  Now I'm not sure I want to be bothered with the movie after all.  The writing is not good.  It's that simple.  I'm not even talking about the plot here - literally (forgive the pun) the quality of the writing - the use of the English language.  An interesting idea for a plot, although frequently pretty far-fetched, seems to have been squandered for the sake of producing an ultra lowbrow result.  My enjoyment was finally squashed by Brown's obvious lack of attention to detail.  If the quality of his research into his main plot lines were as poor as his research into day-to-day life in Great Britain then it is an even bigger load of bull than it appears anyway.  Like most good fiction you have to able to believe the events could be true to gain the maximum enjoyment and one of the ways for an author to acheive this is attention to detail.  Here that attention is sadly lacking.
 This book was by far the best book I've ever read. Dan Brown presents so much information in this book. Some things I thought weren't true, so I looked them up, and I must commend him because he obviously did his research. While this is a fiction book, he presents an immense amount of factual information to tie in with his story.And to the contrary of what another reviewer said...this book is anything BUT predictable. The storyline was invented in the mind of Mr. Brown and has so many twists and turns, a claim that this is "predictable" is entirely false. I strongly urge everyone to read this book. It is guaranteed to make you think twice about some things in the future, and make you look at things in a whole new light. You will probably find yourself looking up things online to see if they're true, and then find yourself amazed when you reveal the truth and you realize Dan Brown knows his stuff. A great book by a great author and it tops my "must read" list. If my review doesn't convince you...look at the bestseller list for the past weeks...you'll notice a familiar name around the top.
 If you are the kind of buyer of books like me (see the pretty cover positioned in the front of the store, better buy it) you can spend your money better elsewhere. If your a reader into science fiction/religion books with lots of attention to detail then this is your book. I not being one of those people still found the symbolism and the little details exciting and well played but the overall effect made me dizzy. If you don't pay close attention to the characters thoughout the entire book then you will find yourself lost many times.<br/>Quite frankly I was dissapointed by this book. In the plot they're searching for something (I won't tell you what). At the end they were no closer finding it than in the beginning. I read through those 400+ pages to be lead nowhere further. If you like arts and code breaking this is your book. If you just looked at the cover, download a pictre of it and buy something a lot better.
 At my local library. There is a guy that reviews books and he knows I like his picks. He actually walked up to me and handed me this book. He said this book is great. When he says a book is incredible his batting avearge is 1000. So i am 10 pages into this book and I am like oh my god this is great. I love to read historical books and I love to find out how things were named. You actually learn from this book. You learn about how Friday the 13th got named. You learn about Fibonuci numbers. You learn about the great life of Leonardi Davinci. Once you get to the part where he talks about the picture of "The Last Supper" and you go look at the actual painting. You will be amazed. Don't read to many reviews of the actual story because it will ruin the fun of this book. And after your done you can go to Dan Brown.com and his website has pictures of all the great museums and paintings that are in this book.
 I was looking forward to reading this book because a friend  told me that the book was about cryptography, symbols, and religion. I was disappointed by all three aspects. The shoddy recycling of religious urban myths is bad enough .... And the low-brow treatment of crytography was annoying too: mirror-writing and crossword-type puzzles is about as sophisticated as it gets. But at least, after 450 pages, the author could at least given the novel a satisfying conclusion. The author leads us to the brink of something satisying but leaves us hanging at the end. This is the worst book I have read in a long time.
 I read this while onboard a submarine, blissfully unaware of the buzz surrounding it, and as such can offer a view untainted by popular opinions of either persuasion. It's like a taste test where the participant does not know that that carbonated beverages exist. I approached this in a vacuum of opinion, since I'd never heard of it before catching sight of it in the book locker. I looked at it and determined it to be just another cheezy Thriller, virtually indistinguishable from it's equally cheezy Brethern: Robert 'the Milkman' Jordan, R.A. Salvatore, lots of Westerns. You get the idea.<br/><br/>At any rate, it looked entertaining enough to warrant it's use as a time killer, and so I picked it up. The story was obviously not meant to be taken seriously. I was amazed that so many believed Dan Brown was attacking Catholicism! This is the comic book plot of a comic book novel; it entertains only so long as the reader can ignore the fact that a grown man in tights looks exceedingly silly. When I finished the book, I mentally gave it 2 stars--entertaining, but emminently forgettable. It deserves neither the accolades nor the attacks it seems to inspire. Would you kill for Oatmeal? Then why shill for a novel equally as bland?
 My fingers bled from turning the pages so fast, but when I got to the end, I was disappointed. My hopes were built up throughout the book through amazing storytelling and compelling chapter endings that kept me reading through the night.<br/>The search for the Grail kept me enthralled, with clue after clue leading me on the journey along with the characters. Then with about 50 pages left, it all unravelled with a sappy ending that leveraged the author's power to instantly manipuliate his characters to fit a pre-conceived climax.<br/>Overall, it's an anticlimactic, but exciting way to pass a weekend.
 I found The DaVinci Code to be a well written intelligent read. Being raised catholic and as a grown up jaded to oraganized religon in general,Mr Brown's ideas do strike a note with me. The fact that organizations such as Opus Dei really do exsist and have such medieval views of women and the modern world disturb me. I find that Mr Browns description of the historical figure we know as Jesus Christ not that far-fetched or heretical. He may have been the only Son of God, he was also a human being with all our faults and our noble qualities. Above all else The DaVinci Code is a great whodunit that delivers.
 I had such high expectations. Really I did. But the plot was ridiculous (yet I guessed most of the twists long before they came anyway), much of the "research" was sloppy, the premise was ill-defended, and the characters were absurd, absolutely and totally absurd.<br/>Sorry, but it's true. Maybe I've just read too many mysteries.<br/>I know it's fiction, but even in fiction, people are supposed to act like people. And while disbelief can be suspended, readers shouldn't have to suspend all logic as well -- particularly in a mystery, for goodness' sake. And that's what this silly book requires one to do.<br/>I don't know much about the Knights Templar, but I have to think that this book is a complete and total disservice to them. And to Paganism and the Catholic Church, for that matter. It did make me want to find out more (particularly about the Knights), but mainly because I feel a near-obligation to correct the vast amount of misinformation that I undoubtedly picked up from this book.<br/>My advice is: Don't waste your time.
 While other reviewers have focused on the gripping plot of Da Vinci Code, I had to say that Dan Brown proves a story could be such a make-believe when supported with in-depth research, actual historic references and real-life details. No matter how fictitious a story is, when those components are well blended into it, then it's a best seller. Like most of best-seller novels, the idea is to exploit possibilities that may happen in real life, and happen in an extreme measure.<br/><br/>Dan Brown exploits the possibilities of how passages in the bible might be interpreted and creates fictitious details in-between historic references.<br/><br/>Other authors took subjects on the revival of dinosaurs, giant meterors hitting the earth, virus that swept out the entire humanity or other dramatic cases, Dan Brown chose to exploit any possible, most stirring fiction could come out of the bible. He did it well, probably too well.
 I have just finished "The Da Vinci Code".  What an utter waste of time!  Dan Brown adds nothing to the murder mystery genre with this book.  Furthermore, the entire premise is implausible as the key element of the mystery, the "Priory of Sion" and its guardianship of the Holy Grail has been proven to be a complete hoax.  Mr. Brown's biblical scholarship is shoddy, his analyses of the artworks of Leonardo are facile and, of course, he provides no motive for the secret, which has been kept for so long, to be kept.  I am truly amazed that this book has received as much attention as it has.  I am sorry to say that I wasted my money on this book.  A much better read would be Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum" or "Badolino".
 Dan Brown has crafted an intelligent, well researched thriller that masterfully intertwines religion and art history into a rivetting page turner. How is this for a twist, a symbolist and cryptologist are on one night journey to crack the "Grail Code". It is a lot of fun and is intellectually stimulating. This is the first Dan Brown book I've read but will not be the last. A MUST READ!!!
 When I read the novel, it was apparent to me how Mr. Brown wrote it!! He made up the whole story first with a simple plot...and then while writing it, he exerted every effort possible to weave it into a web of tangled deceptions that only aim at complicating it and leading you away from figuring out the originally much simpler plot!! I give him 5 stars for deception and 3 stars for exceptional novel writing! I like his riddle making abilities but I kind felt they were forcefully connected with weakly relevant answers. Like the apple, A. Pope and Sophia...describing an apple as a globe!! the unnecessary use of Greek to come up with Sophia...writing a pope at first then showing it as A. pope!! sorry but these are deceptions not riddles!! I kind felt he infused the whole novel with turning points that doesn't happen normally in real life; rather just to force making his plot possible and look more smooth. What he might not noticed that all of these twists and turns made the plot very complicated, confusing and emanates  artificially created events.<br/><br/>The names of the grand masters of the Priory of Sion were proven to be fabricated along with the secret society. The Frenchman who fabricated it called Plantard confessed under oath!! He was even sued by the Pelat family for involving them in the Priory of Sion. Logically speaking, how could the line of Jesus stay secret for 2000 years! Even if we bought that, how could the sarcophagus of Mary Magdalen move around  so much unnoticed?! from Jerusalem to France and then back again and then all over Europe till it rested in France!! Let alone the incredulous pagan sex ritual performed by descendants of a prominent religious figure like Jesus!!<br/><br/>One thing for sure....Mr. Brown knew how to pick up a highly controversial issue like the holy grail and its sensitive connection with Christianity and turn it into an acclaimed factual novel to make money....and he succeeded!! $240 Million isn't a small fortune...I'm not a conservative, but I do like novels that place more importance on passing on values that meliorate human societies than to weave conspiracies to generate sales.
 Dan Brown has cornered the market when it comes to creating spins on what society has regarded as the truth for eons. He takes facts and conspiracy theories and molds the two together to create a fascinating read that will leave the reader considering the possibilities for years to come. It is no wonder that this novel was made for film. Although I have not seen the movie yet, I can not see how it can possibly compare to the extensive details and explanations that this author conveys in his storyline. It simply must be read.<br/><br/>Is it worth buying?<br/><br/>Without a doubt. I am so glad I purchased this book and read it before seeing the film.
 This is a great book with lots of wonderful facts.  The only reason this book has gotten some bad reviews is due to  people who are too rigid to want to open their mind to anything new.  Is everything in this book true?  Probably not.  Is everything in any book completely true?  No.  Every book has its own perpective.  Dan Brown did a lot of research and put together an amazing book.  I find most of his ideas to be more believeable than things I've read anywhere else.  I can't wait for Langdon's next adventure.<br/><br/>PS. If you haven't read Angels &amp; Demons yet, run out and buy it right now.  It's as good, if not better, than The Da Vinci code.
 Brown crafts a fascinating story by combining things that are true and things that could be true. It's the only mystery I've read where I wish there were footnotes. It's a thriller, so the fast pace and twisting plot carry more weight than the characters.<br/>If you like a great story with some interesting historical nuggets, read this. If you like a mystery based on religious themes but with intricate, nuanced characters, read Name of the Rose.<br/>One more note: Some of the reviewers here have "spoilers" in their reviews. I wish they would add the note "Spoiler" to their headlines so folks who haven't read the book could skip them if they wish.
 There is No doubt the book is written well and in a manor they could cause one to become interested in the subject matter; but the information in the book is false. Let me give one example. Brown contends that the cannon of the scripture was put into existence in the 5th century AD., but the fact is, Tartillian, a Lawyer and Early church father, listed the cannon in total in the second century A.D. The truth is most early Church fathers were in agreement, this book takes a small minority opinion that was considered a hearsay at the time and makes it the dominate belief at the time. That is horrible scholarship. Most of Browns theories are not from the early church traditions, as I just sated he took a semi early heresy; but he gathered most of his information from the middle ages, when the knights Templars came up with he holy blood line BS. Really this is a rehash of a rehash, holy blood holy grail also did the same thing 20 years ago. It would be better if people sake the truth. One good way would be to read the new testament, The Apostle Paul's epistles totally blow Brown out of the water; Read the Lost Shipwreck of Paul for a great Historical book. Read Da Vinci if you must but look at is as fiction and entertainment; Read the new testament if you want the TRUTH.
 Much hype is surrounding Dan Brown's latest novel, The Da Vinci Code. It has been on the NY Times Best Sellers' list for months now, and quite frankly, I'm growing a bit weary. Not a day had passed where I could enter a classroom without seeing girls turning the pages of the book. But I ask, why the enthusiasm?<br/>If you haven't read this adversity, I suggest you atleast read its predecessor Angels and Demons. It introduces you to the hero himself Robert Langdon. After a comparsion of the two novels, Da Vinci falls flat on its title page. Although a smart business move (which is what we all try to achieve if our aim is to receive an ounce of profit), does it compromise artistic integrity? Brown has found a niche for himself and he seems to capitalize it. Perhaps it'll gain you attention for the next piece you publish, but he's in the process of writing yet another with Langdon. Gimmicky? Appears so to me. Where as Angels had the suspense and the intelligence, Da Vinci barely touches the bar raised by it's mother book.<br/>I suppose it could possibly be the setting, the time frame Langdon is given in the two novels--and the dire consequence. Whereas he has a tenuous 10-some hours to save the Vatican from explosion--that's Botticelli, Raphael, Michaelangelo, Bernini all being shatterned to fragments before our very eyes--he isn't faced with the same plight in Da Vinci. I've found that with each page I am engorged in useless tidbits of relgious + art history, Da Vinci only provided me the knowledge of the hand in Last Supper. I was never the Leonardo fan myself, as I preferred Raphael and of course Botticelli, so perhaps some bias is relevant. However, the abeyance of Angels is what keeps the reader's interest, and it's sadly missed in Da Vinci.<br/>If you haven't read Angels + Demons and had been planning on reading The Da Vinci Code--and you do not wish to be spoiled by Dan Brown's intelligent, although a bit limiting move--then by all means, read The Da Vinci Code. But if your goal is to read a book laden with stimulating, purchase the previous. Your wallet will thank you.
 Love it.<br/><br/>I recommend the illustrated version, the art and photographs will bring the reader right to the action, it's like a vacation to France. In my biased opinion, this book is quite fantastic on a literary level, with my only complaint being that it's slightly graphic.  However, Dan Brown certainly did his research and brought the controversial Holy grail arguement to life in a most entertaining thriller.<br/><br/>I certainly will not bother to state my opinions on religious matters on the book as it would take far too much time here (and I am far too lazy). However I think despite its controversy most readers will enjoy the Code for its interesting tidbits, such as the fibonacci sequences &amp; PHI (CRAZY no?), anagrams &amp; symbology, and references to Da Vinci's paintings.  Don't bother to watch the movie, read the book.
 This book rips the mask off the church and the blinders off the congregation. It's the adult version of telling the children there is no Santa. It's provocative, it makes the reader think beyond the book for a change, as evidenced in some of the reviews here. It motivates them to question and conduct their own research, whether to prove or disprove. It is entertaining, it evokes excitment and holds the attention. Yes, it's fiction but, the sources it pulls much of its information from are not. If it moved you to active research, you may want to consider, "The Jesus Mysteries" and "Jesus &amp; the Lost Goddess" both by Frenke &amp; Gandy.
 The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown was a book of excellence. It contained all aspects of a thriller with interesting theories regarding Jesus Christ, Mary Magdalene, and the ignorance of femininity within the church. The book was well paced and had quite a bit of unexpected surprises. However, it is true to say that the book did have certain gray areas that remained a mystery such as the ignorance of femininity in churches. As few other reviewers have already mentioned, churches regarded feminine such as Virgin Mary with high honor and respect. To create the church in such a negative viewpoint where it has strong gender discrimination seemed very irregular. However, the book is fiction and thus I think there were many different twists and turns along with opinions included within the story. The plot was indeed amazing and with the different codes and the theory behind the Holy Grail seemed very realistic. For example, the fact that the message "O, Draconian Devil! Oh, Lame Saint!" was in fact an anagram for "Leonardo da Vinci! Mona Lisa!" was pure genius. Codes like these that created curiosity and a mysterious atmosphere was probably the center for the powerful attraction that the book gave upon readers.
 This novel has generated a lot of interest because of its fascinating premise, but at its core, it's a fairly mediocre piece of fluff literature.  For those truly interested in the theological and philosophical questions surrounding the book's central mystery, there are far better sources of information available.  It's not bad; it's entertaining in a quick, light, fluffy kind of way, but it's ultimately disappointing in that the subject matter deserved a better novel.<br/>But what annoyed me most of all was the hero's name:  Robert Langdon.  It just &lt;i&gt;sounds&lt;/i&gt; like the name of a hero in a fluffy mystery novel.  Surely Mr. Brown could have come up with something a bit less trite.
 ok first of all this book is so much fun to read........<br/>i hope you havent read the ANGELS AND DEMONS...yet........read it after this dispite its this book's predecessor......<br/>but none the less DA VINCI CODE is such a fun filled based on Facts and Fictions and Beliefs that will make people think and talk and discuss.............<br/>its a fun filled book with so much interesting -lets not say FACTS- but theories that are believable enough------that will shock many of the readers........<br/>all in all a A+ page turner......<br/>whats even better comes after we finish the book........<br/>its the endless discussion about this book...........
 This sort of book isn't my usual choice. I was trying something different but lost interest and gave up at the point where Langdon and Sophie visits the British ex-pat. There was just too much telling and not enough showing at this point. I listened to an audio version of the book from the library, and while I appreciate the skills of the narrator, I did think that the one-dimensional police inspector sounded like Steve Martin's Inspector Clouseau. The short chapters are a good structure for this type of cliff-hanger book.
 I was forced to read this book in my book club. Very disappointing! Interesting theories, but the storyline was too predictable to keep me interested. As I read, I could already visualize the movie...reminded me of John Gresham's good idea/bad-writing-turned-screenplay style. And while the author claims much of this book is based on fact, much of it is really only based on theories. As the book is catagorized as fiction, I have no problem with a book based on theory. However, it has to be supported by a well-told story to keep me interested. Couldn't even make it to the end!
 i'm not typically one who gets engrossed by books, because frankly, most of those daunting, thick, best-sellers bore me. But this was great. i really couldn't put it down. before i knew it, i was 70 pages into it in my first sitting. It appeals to so many people. If you like reading about religion, art, mysteries, suspense, history, or even crime chases, you'll really like this. My only complaint was that i didn't really like the last chapter..i thought it was a bit of a cop-out into a cliche novel. the epilogue was good though. also, i think maybe it was a tiny bit too quickly paced. I was nice to see things move swiftly, and have the plot grab you and jump into full swing almost right away, but the pace got a little too frantic for my taste in some parts. but still, i'm 99% satisfied, and being quite a cynical person, i'm a tough critic to please.
 First, I think it is WONDERFUL that one book can create such controversy and inspire over 2000 readers to write a review.  I think that Dan Brown is one of the most brilliant writers of our time.<br/>It can be very disconcerting when basic core religious beliefs are scrutinized and examined.  If you feel that it is wrong to ever question your beliefs or the Bible or Church - then it would probably be best not to read this book.
 One of the most entertaining books I've ever read. I'm not sure how accurate the book is, but even if everything included in this book is false it still makes for a great read. Many readers will certainly find this book to be offensive. Keep an open mind while reading this book. it's validity may be questionable, but the thought it provokes is unparalelled by any other novel! It's the kind of book that you'll make sure you find time to read!
 You have to be able to judge each book according to its genre and its expectations. Would this compare to "To Kill a Mockingbird"? No, of course not, but again, this is a thriller. And as far as thrillers go, it's one of the best ones. I think Dan Brown did an excellent job in building suspense and mixing larges amount of "education" without slowing down the plot too much. If you're one of the few people in the world who haven't read it, do you yourself a favor and buy a copy today!
 This book is, as noted before, as a "Can't put it down!". However, I felt I was just going through the motions.<br/>Don't get me wrong, it was a good read. It just seemed like déjà vu all over again. Langdon is woken up in the middle of a night with a phone call and is instantly running around Rome and now London again solving ancient puzzles and fighting secret societies.<br/>Again, using historical and present-day reality brings a sense of urgency to the book. But what happens when Brown runs out of secret societies to write about?
 It's not a bad thriller, albeit slow-paced and structurally inferior to some of Brown's earlier writing. What is ultimately lacks, on all levels, is authenticity: It is less convincing as a political conspiracy novel than, say, "The Day of the Jackal"; much less readable as literature than "Harry Potter"; less reliable as history than the average period bodice-ripper. So why has it sold millions? Pure quantum mechanics - no more predictable than a lottery win. Read it if you must - there are far worse pot-boilers on the station bookshelf - but don't let it change your worldview. If you want a philosophical yarn that means something, try "Sophie's World" or (for post-hippy masochists) "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance".
 The 'boys own adventure' quality of the opening chapters certainly gets one in and produces a fast paced and gripping read.  That said, while one can accept the three opening statements of fact before the prologue, it is difficult to see how this relates to the following theory which is stated as fact.  Brown accepts that history is written by the victors and is used to present their views and actions in a favourable light and leads one tp believe that the Church has been the victor since Constantine.  Why then does history record the crusades and inquisition as a negative aspect of the Church?<br/><br/>From my study of history, there is little to support the survival of any Templars after the executions ordered by Philip IV of France in 1314.  Further, I can find nothing in documented history beyond rumour to connect Roslyn Chapel with the Knights Templar.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is a good read but not to be taken as fact.
 The Da Vinci Code is an intriguing mystery novel about the death of a curator Jacques Saunière and solving the puzzles of a secret he left behind. Robert Langdon, a professor of religious symbology at Harvard University, along with Saunière's granddaughter, Sophie Neveu, try to solve the mystery of the secret that Saunière had written on his body before he died. Throughout the book they must be very deceitful and tricky because they have people following them, but must not reveal the secret they try to solve because the murderer of Saunière, Salis, is also after the same thing and Langdon is one of the highest murder suspects. Written on his body was a secret code regarding the Holy Grail, once you read the book you will find out what that is if you are unaware.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend that you read the epilogue because only there is it where the location of the Grail. Langdon only realizes the location after Marie Chauvel, Sophie's grandmother, recites the poem:<br/>"The Holy Grail 'neath ancient Roslin waits.<br/>The blade and chalice guarding o'er Her gates.<br/>Adorned in masters' loving art, She lies.<br/>She rests at least beneath the starry skies." (Brown 482)<br/><br/>Also, it may be true that some of the teachings of the religions in this novel are not facts, but I believe it was not to be based on any religion to insult another on purpose. It is an exciting and suspenseful book and just try not to focus on the religious thing being said, simply the astounding journey to reveal the secret no one was to know about.<br/><br/>As you can see, I enjoyed reading this book very much. It had a wonderful plot and i found learning about their religion of the one goddess was very intriguing because I had never heard of anything like it before. Also, I thought the book was well put together bouncing from person to person in each different chapter instead of mixing it all together. That helped me a lot to not get confused and know who I'm reading about. I think my favorite part had to be when Silas finds Langdon, Sophie, and Teabing, a man helping them solve the mystery. At that point, you have no idea what's going to happen! It had to be the most suspenseful part for me. Would their plans be ruined? Would he get what he was venturing for? Read the book and you will find out!<br/><br/>Although, I do have to say there were a couple of things I didn't like. First of all, the typical love seen between two people in the end, you can probably guess who, but I don't want to ruin it. I simply think it has been over played and is in almost every mystery book I have read. Though, that is just little so it did not affect my opinion about the book. Second, even thought it was interesting to read about the religion, I think it should have been a secret based off of something else that wouldn't have so much controversy about the reason behind the book. So there aren't too many down sides to the book, the positive over powers them.<br/><br/>I would recommend this book to anyone, but to just remind the reader to focus on the plot, not the teachings of the religion. This book was not made to inform you of any religion, its a novel, not a history book!<br/><br/>-Miyah Dunlap
 It is remarkable to me how the success of "The Da Vinci Code" has catapulted Dan Brown's career.  It has caused his previous under read works to hit bestsellerdom years after first being published.  And as a matter of fact, it was based solely on this book's significantly long ride at the top of the New York Times Bestseller list that finally (after nearly a year) convinced me (against my better judgment) to see what all the interest was about.  And to my deep disappointment (not in Dan Brown but rather in the seemingly abhorrent taste in fiction that pervades our culture and has been cemented by pitiful works of fiction such as this one) this novel is little more than a fictional account of some historical research, dragged along for 450+ pages with extremely bad prose, truly one-dimensional characters, and what can only be considered barely plausible action.  If you want to read a good book (one that is actually written well, has good characterization, and a meaningful and plausible plot) then please, please do NOT read "The Da Vinci Code".
 Weak plot, dumb characters, and bad theology. Sorry I cannot give more detail, but I've tried to erase it from my memory. Feel the same way about "Angels and Demons." Could see every so-called plot twist coming a mile away in both books. And was always taught that suspending reality the way he's done is the biggest no-no.
 Well, two of my friends insisted I read this book, so I did. I've read better books, although I did finish it. I guess the 'rapid fire' and 'action-packed' etc, etc, nature of the book got to me, it all seems a bit pat, i.e. the right things just keep happening to these two rather flat characters. It would be a good airplane book, the kind you could read and follow with a huge jet engine roaring outside your window.<br/>I haven't reviewed a book that had 1200 other Amazon reviews, and I see huge piles of this book in the brick-and-mortar stores, so I am probably in the minority on this one.
 On the plus side, the book started out interesting.  In an Indiana Jones style, I was pulled into the interesting puzzles the characters had to solve under great time constraints.  Then, the book transformed into a platform for the author to rage an attack against Christianity which seemed unfounded and insulting to my personal beliefs.  Finally, I got the impression that the author had to 'finish' up.  The ending was confusing and unsatisfying.  Characters actions were no longer believable.  Finally, the evidence regarding the lie of christianity that was to be reveled at the 'end' of the quest was never shown.  This left me feeling cheated.  I can't believe people actually thought this book was good.  I feel ripped off that I bought it and actually spent time reading this trash.
 This is the best book that I've read in 20 years or more. Dan Brown is amazing, intelligent, and a superb writer. I read several books a week and none come close to this man's overall skills. I stayed up all night to finish it. Rarely do I find something that captures my attention so completly. The book is a historical novel intertwined with a murder mystery - a combination that works well. If you can read just one book this year, this is it. I'm looking forward to reading his other books and have just ordered them. Dan Brown, you are my hero!
 Being anavid reader I do not understand the popularity of this book.<br/>It is a good book and if its handy read it.<br/>There are so many books in fantasy fiction as well as fiction that are a better read than this that do not get the aclaim that is due.<br/>The general public, as a whole, do not read.  Given that; friends tell there friends, "Hey read this, its great."<br/>The public do not have a basis for suggested reading.  Pulp fiction like Grisham and best sellers are the rule, sadly.<br/>I read this book a year ago and I still here bookstore sellers touting this book.  I gave it four stars, its a good book.<br/>It would not be in my top 100 best reads.  Forgive me for this odd review.  Needed to get an issue off my chest.(bad axiom)
 The book as a whole is well written but on the first page of the book, Mr. Brown implies that all material research is truthful and highly accurate.  After researching several of the organizations and  researching the Gospel of Mary Magdelene and researching the Da Vinci picture of the Last Supper, I found that Mr. Brown had taken an immense amount of Artistic License with little fact about the actual organizations.  Especially if the organizations were related to the Catholic Faith.  I also have found after reading several of Mr. Browns books that he seems to have a personal vendetta against the Catholic Church that comes through all of his books that I have read to date.  If Mr. Brown had not implied that the research done on this book was truthful and accurate, I would have recommended that anybody read the book as an enjoyable read of fiction.  I just can't recommend the book knowing that people will believe what He says about the organizations in the book.  I won't get into a debate about the implication that Jesus had descendants or that the Holy Grail are his descendents.  If you  could stomach the movie "The last temptation of christ", you will probably stomach this book.  Just keep in mind that as inaccurate as "The last temptation of Christ" is, so is this book.
 Wow! I really enjoyed this novel. Not only did it appeal to my interest in ancient symbolism, but it kept me riveted the entire time I read it.<br/>Brown is a masterful story teller who clearly intends to educate readers on the origins of "the mysteries" while fully engaging our attention. I personally love books that have meaningful depth and character, and am impressed that his references are so accurate and well researched.<br/>Well done! I highly recommed this one!
 A friend of mine told me about this book and how amazing it was. I do not read. I made my way through college skimming books, reading a few chapters and reading their summaries online. This is the only book I have ever read every word of. It's amazing.<br/>The story leaves you wanting more. I found myself staying up late just to see what happened next. It also was very thought provoking for me. I am a devout Catholic and it really opened my mind to new possibilities. There is so much out there that I have never been exposed to and this book helped me to realize that. I am going to read as much as I can now about the topic.<br/>You seriously need to buy this book. You will not be disappointed.
 The DaVinci Code is a great page turner, with plenty of action and intellectual puzzles. It's great for an airplane ride or a day at the beach. The puzzle draws you in immediately and keeps you spellbound. If you like fast paced suspense novels with historical ties, you'll love this book. With that being said, I still think the Eight by Katherine Neville is the best book of this kind ever written.
 This is, hands-down, the best book I have read in a long while.  I was quickly drawn in, and the ever-unfolding story held my attention wll the way through.  I was torn between not wanting to put the book down and not wanting it to end.  Contrary to another reviewer, I found the short chapters an effective means of keeping the pace of the novel brisk and exciting.  This wasn't the first time I had heard some of the theories that the book offers, but it is the first time that I have felt compelled to research them for myself.  Enjoy!
 Just an overall amazing experience. I started and finished this book in a day. The book itself is exceptionally written. Even if it were a story with ideas and theories that are completely made up, it would still be great. However the fact that all the information in it is TRUE, makes it all that much better. Alot of hardcore Christians are screaming for this book's demise, but that would be beneficial to no one. I'll say it right now, that I would probably classify myself as one of those "Hardcore Chrisitians," and yet I found this book just amazing. If anything, one of the messages of the book is the reinforcement of there being a God. It simply states that the Bible we read and the things we are taught represent those thoughts and ideas CHOSEN FOR US TO THINK, by people in power thousands of years ago. Example. Did you know there were originally some 80 gospels? Not just the four from Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John that we have been told? Before reading this book I was not aware of that at all. The question then is raised, what was in these other 70+ gospels, and why were they not chosen? As someone simply looking to find a good book, then this is an A+ all the way. More interesting codes and plot twists than i've ever seen before. For someone not sure if they wish to dive into this because of the author's questioning of certain aspects of one's faith, then all I can say is invest the time and judge for yourself. Coming from a strong believer of God, you owe it to yourself and to your creator one important thing.<br/>To follow what you believe, not follow what you have been told.
 Ever since I read a review about this book in PEOPLE Magazine, I have been dying to read it.  Now I know why- it has every interesting aspect any good novel should have tied into it: history, mystery, suspense, intellect, intriguing characters, and unfathomable reality connections.  Dan Brown's wonderful, hands-down performance tangles the reader into the temporary discipleship web he has spun of the forgotten faith mentioned throughout the book.  Excellent character foils double to represent the timeline generations of the Church and to create inticing reading.<br/>Many times while reading this book, I found myself racing to and from the computer to check on facts created in this novel, which were very true, as far fetched as they may seem.  The Da Vinci code not only opened my eyes to a world I never imagined could exist but reminded me that all things have ulterior motives.<br/>Bottom line:  At the final page, I found myself secretly wishing a second catastrophe would uprise so that the adventure could continue.
 Da Vinci was the leader of a clandestine society and that he hid secret codes and messages in his art work. Is this true? In addition to his role in history as a famous painter, scientist and inventor, was he also the keeper of some vast secret to be passed down through the ages? Well, Leonardo was certainly no stranger to the use of codes and encryption. His notes are all written backwards with mirror writing andis unclear exactly why Leonardo did this. It has been suggested that he may have felt that some of his military inventions would be too destructive and powerful if they fell into the wrong hands, therefore he protected his notes by using this reversed writing method. Other scholars point out that this type of encryption was fairly simple to break. One needs only to hold the paper up to a mirror to read it. If Leonardo was using it for security, he probably was only concerned about hiding the contents from a casual observer.
 What a complex book. Some of it was way over my head. It sure makes you think though.
 While Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist about to publish a novel, is in Paris on business, one of the greatest enigmas in history is dangling on a piece of string right in front of his face but is just out of reach. When the renowned curator of the Louvre, Jacques Sauniere, is murdered, he leaves a special note for Langdon on the floor next to his strangely positioned body that leads Langdon and his new friend Sophie Neveu, a gifted French cryptologist who happens to be Sauniere's granddaughter, on the quest to uncover a secret that has the power to completely change the world. Langdon and Neveu are led on a wild search through Paris and beyond that is made up of riddles and puzzles that only the smartest of men can figure out. But between Langdon and Neveu, the clues are deciphered and they quickly begin to uncover the greatest secret of all time. The problem? Langdon is the prime suspect in Sauniere's murder. And when Langdon discovers that Sauniere was involved in an ancient secret society that is guarding the greatest secret of all time, a whole new twist is put on everything. Unless Langdon and Neveu decode the clues that Sauniere has left around Paris for them to find, this great ancient truth will be lost forever.<br/>  I had a strong penchant for nearly every single part of this spectacular story. What enthralled me a great deal was the fascinating codes and clues that were scattered throughout each chapter of the novel. Although I could not decipher any of these extremely difficult codes, they were so interesting that they, among other things, made it so that I could not put down the book and kept me on my toes looking for hints; when Langdon and Neveu figured out some of these codes, I learmed many extremely interesting facts about how the codes were broken. I also thoroughly enjoyed the historical secrets that were planted in the pages. Each provocative secret made me question everything that I had ever learned about religion and kept me so intrigued that I, again, could not put down the book. The way that these secrets were connected to history absorbed me and made me question the truthfulness of the Christian religion. These secrets, however provoking they were, made this book one of the most interesting that I have ever read. Another thing that really made it so that I could not put down the book was the enigma involved; each page left me yearning to discover more. Dan Brown's novel made me so curious that I could not stand it. Between the secret of the Holy Grail, the many mysteries of Jacques Sauniere, and the other enigmas, I was completely enthralled. There were very few things that I did not enjoy immensely about this novel. One was that at certain points, Brown tried to make the book so unpredictable that it became predictable. Another thing was that sometimes Brown bombards the reader with so much esoteric, heavy information that it becomes abstruse. However, by the end of the book everything gets cleared up and leaves the reader feeling educated and incredibly intrigued and fascinated. The final thing that I did not enjoy was that I was so interested in the book that I literally could not put it down and spent hours every day reading the novel to the point where reading took over my life but I had a great time reading it, none the less. Other than these few complaints, which are extremely minor, I enjoyed "The Da Vinci Code" remarkably and thought that it was a perfect, must-read. This novel was pure and absolute genius.<br/> I highly recommend "The Da Vinci Code" to anybody who enjoys history, mystery, thrills, puzzles, riddles, conspiracies, or just enjoys an amazing, extremely interesting story. Just as a precaution, I advise that you read this novel when you have time to be completely absorbed in a book that, quite literally, does not allow you to put it down. But, no matter where or when you read it, no matter what speed you read it at, you will absolutely, positively love Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code".
 A much publicized and talked about book and it sounded great from the description. But to me it fell a bit flat somehow. I found the plot interesting but elements were quite superficial too. I wouldn't read another until there was nothing else in the house...
 I love mysteries that are also thrillers. However, with this book, the mystery was secondary to me (I actually guessed the Teacher fairly early on :)...... all the interesting historical information was the intriguing part of the novel for me and led me to do additional exploration re Leonardo Da Vinci. I think I can safely say, this was one of the best books I have ever read!
 This book is a wonderful examination of many of the beliefs that the world currently accepts as fact.  The research and detail transport you through the story at an amazing pace.  One of the strange things is that the entire story takes place in about a day and a half.  For those reviewers, who have complained about the "expert" forgetting standard DaVinci history at points, neither of the main characters gets any sleep until the last 6 pages.  They travel all over Europe on no rest.  His forgetfullness can definitely be forgiven.<br/>This book definitely ignited my interest in this topic.  Be assured that the next time I look at a piece of art, I will remember a lot of the hidden meanings that are revealed here by Dan Brown.
 So much has been said about this book... I will just poing out some serious flaws I noted.<br/>1) In the typical marxist fashion, too many ideas and concepts are presented as dichotomies. Endlessly, Christianity and Christian Europe is presented as "masculine" and has directly suppressed previous "feminine" religious concepts that existed in Pre-Christian Europe.  While this is a tiresome theme within the halls of academia, the ignorance portrayed here is startling. Did this author ever read Nietzsche?  Pagan Europe was one of a tremendous variety of gods and religions. The chief criticisms of monotheistic religions (or dualistic religions as the author seems to favor) is that they present a limited number of ideals to the people.  Rather than the tremendous variety of ideals (and human characteristics) that existed in the classical world, the author seems to believe there was only a masculine and feminine ideal. This is false.<br/>2) The second major critique of Christianity is that it supplants normal masculine behavior with feminine behavior.  Feminism, despite its endless ramblings, still has an extremely limited understand of what masculinity truly is.  A truly masculine religion would not condemn violence, demand monogamy, and trivialize creativity.<br/>3) If the reproductive aspect of femininity was truly repressed in the world, the human population would not be increasing at such precipitous rate.  The god of war has always been a part of more natural religions due to the understanding that death and destruction is a part of life.  Too much life is what throws the world out of balance, and only through death can that balance be restored.  Despite the authors anti-christian ramblings, his lack of appreciation of war, violence, and killing is ultimately a very christian moralism.<br/>4) The discussion of symbols is so trite I was laughing hysterically.  Also in a typical feminist fashion, sexuality is portrayed as dominant aspect of life, including symbols and language.  When will they learn it is females who are obsessed with sexuality, not the other way around?<br/>I would have much preferred the authors discussiong of the Swastika than the Lambda symbol which he could not even identify as such.  That symbol is used on military uniforms because it was the symbol of Sparta(...).  Further, such simplistic symbols are hardly as meaningful as the author wishes us to believe.
 If you are one of the few people who have not read the book yet - do not hesitate and do it now.  Odds are very favorable that you will like it, even be thrilled by it.  It is highly entertaining, fast-paced, exiting and informative.  The author has the endearing habit of sharing with the readers tidbits of extraneous information - not trivia - he has found in the course of his research.<br/>However, do not expect perfection or a future classic work of literature.  There are shortcomings. But before I list them, let's deal with some issues which should not worry you:<br/>1. The book is "an attack on Catholic Church and Christianity." The book is no such thing, unless you believe that the Church can never do anything wrong (remember Inquisition?), can never be criticized, and that we already know everything that can be known.<br/>2. The book is based on "completely unfound legend," "crackpot theory."  "Anyone who knows art history and Christian history will see this book for what it is - pure garbage."  Again, it is neither of those things.  While the protagonists, understandably, present an alternative history in more assured terms than someone "objective" might do, there is more than enough evidence suggesting the possibility of their main contention being true, and there are serious scholars who accept the described interpretation of evidence.<br/>3. Minor errors or dubious details that some flaunt as earth shattering evidence of wrongness of the whole book.  Examples: Monks and habits not existing in Opus Dei. BIG DEAL!  Anyway, even if just about nobody there was a monk and wear a habit, could there not be one exception?  "Cargo truck hummed, then the truck roared, then there was hum again." BIG DEAL!  Moreover, humming refers to tire noise, while roaring to the engine noise, which can change with time.  "Da Vinci is not Leonardo's name." BIG DEAL!  Thousands know and call Leonardo "Da Vinci," and even though it is imprecise, using just Leonardo would be equally ambiguous (how many Leonardos have there been in the world), and using always the full name would be cumbersome.<br/>4. Perhaps the most silly objection is that "though some may find the religious topic thought provoking, this book doesn't require deep thinking".  How many mystery novels are thought provoking, not to mention requiring deep thinking?  The fact that so many people, as shown by the positive reviews, have found the book thought provoking, is an unquestionable testimony and tribute.<br/>Disregarding the above, what are the real shortcomings of Da Vinci Code?  Here is my list:<br/>A. As mentioned by many reviewers, the characters are poorly developed.  Not unusual for a mystery/action story, but regretful anyway.<br/>B. The ending is, in my view, a mistake.  The author should have left an open ending, rather than provide a specific, highly unlikely explicit solution to a fictional story.<br/>C. Perhaps most importantly, it might dawn on you in about the middle of the book, if not sooner, that the plot is a logical absurdity.  Here we have a dying man, frantic to save an enormously important secret, of which he is the only keeper, from being lost forever, and to transfer it to one specific person.  Does he do it using one encrypted, safe message?  No, he sends the person(s) on a chase, at each stage of which the secret could be eternally lost!  And he has prepared this process in advance, while presumably sane!  Essential for the story, but logically unacceptable.<br/>D. The essential premise of the story is that the "secret," which is the main topic, is so earth shattering, that revealing it would imperil the Catholic Church.  In reality, as shown most clearly in the ABC Special, very respectable Church notables look at the suggestion regarding Mary Magdalene with complete benevolence.  The author has interestingly, and perhaps wisely, steered away from the more radical version of the legend, but doing so he again created a logical void.
 I have seldom, if ever, been so completely entranced by a book.  I stole every possible minute from my busy schedule to read this book.  Rather than being insulted by flimsy, ill-researched "factoids", this book culls all of ones knowledge and focuses it to a fine point.  Without being pretentious Dan Brown has stitched together spiral shaped mini-plots into a winding Nautilus to make the over-all plot onfold brilliantly while keeping you totally blind to what is coming next.  The writing is unimpeachable, and you will find yourself flipping back several chapters as a seemingly new clue is revealed to be merely an echo of something you overlooked earlier.  Rilliant.  I am now an official Dan Brown afficionado!!!!  I can't wait for the next book!
 Like many here I read this book on the urgings of others. Eventually, I could only have so many people tell me what a great book this is before breaking down and reading it myself. Also, like many here, I found my enjoyment decreasing as I noticed an occasional error or strange interpretation of something I was familiar with. In terms of the history, I think the strongest thing I took away is the importance of having multiple sources, and always looking for bias on any issue where interpretation will account for a sizable amount of the research.<br/>As for the actual story, I thought it was fun. At times the author seemed to be pandering to the target demographic, but it's not common enough to cause too much annoyence. While certainly the characters are a bit cliche at times, and seem to often have their mental functions tied down so as to not outpace the reader, I still found them to be enjoyable. They're candy rather than a full meal, but sometimes one just wants some sugar and fun.
 Actually "The Da Vinci Code" doesn't present new ideas, but clearly puts lots of research into it. I think it is a good book for those who has an "open mind" and for those who are curious about several themes such as mathematics, religion, symbolism and art.<br/><br/>It is a book that can make you feel like read other books in order to discover what is fiction and what is real.<br/><br/>I am a mechanical engineering and I liked to know a bit more about Leonardo da Vinci, Gallileo, Isaac Newton and so on.<br/><br/>I recommended it to many people, including my girlfriend Paula Bianca Durigon, who is a very demanding economist and she liked it as well.<br/><br/>After "The Da Vinci Code" I've read about 8 books more. All of them linked in some way with the first one.<br/><br/>"The name of the Rose", for instance, is a great book about similar ideas.
 To say this is a work of genius, as I've heard, is an overstatement. Sure, it's a fun book. There's a lot of action. There's a sufficient level of drama. Dan Brown's writing is such that the reader is brought into, and through the story, at a frenetic pace.<br/><br/>Speaking from a rather laid back Catholic's perspective, I'm not sure I'd consider this book to be the "new epiphany." It's ruffled some feathers simply because it's an idea that's seldom talked about. Scientists don't care too much, and the conservatives don't want to hear it. Quite frankly, if you are comfortable and strong in your faith (be it monotheism, atheism,or polytheism) than feel free to read this if you want to know what all of the fuss is about. If you're not grounded in your faith, or are lost, I'm not sure I'd recommend it.<br/><br/>Dan Brown paints a very good picture. His sense of adventure is laid into the pages quite well. This book will keep you wanting to read at times. Other times, I'm sorry to say, I was fine with closing the book, shutting the light off, and going to sleep. Other books (Eye of the Needle by Ken Follett and Gemini Contenders by Robert Ludlum) had that gripping suspense and believability that I lost hours of sleep.<br/><br/>The character development is alright (Langdon's character is developed in the prequel Angels &amp; Demons). The plot is good. The pace is great. The descriptions of objects and settings are quite wonderful. However, in the end, I found myself saying "All of the fuss was for this?" I just think there was just too much fuss over this book. Controversial? Absolutely. A great work? I don't think so.
 This book will grab your interest from the first chapter.  Dan Brown is able to bring da Vinci's work to life in full-color and he adds history and conspiracies behind the works of art as well.  Although the book is at times cliched and transparent, the main plot will keep you hooked to discover as much as you can about the history of the Holy Grail and what (or who) it is.
 The DaVinci Code has disfunctional families, murder, suspense, Ludlum-like characters and a great story.  It was a worthwhile read that sent me to the internet to research "The Last Supper" and a few secret societies.  It's hard to get the ending to a book about the Holy Grail just right in fiction, but Dan Brown completed the DaVinci Code with the perfect ending.
 The Da Vinci Code is a controversial novel that has conjured many debates.  While certain American authors including Nelson DeMille agree that the book is "pure genius," others are unconvinced and believe that it should be banned because of its religious references. Although I thought The Da Vinci Code was a relatively entertaining book, I expected it to be better than it actually was.  My expectations for the novel were exceptionally high because it has been on the New York Times Bestseller list for the past couple of years.  Despite my expectations, I enjoyed the thrilling suspense in the development of the plot, but was disappointed by the ending of the novel.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has a way of capturing the reader's attention and maintaining it throughout the novel.  After the death of Jacques Saunière, Brown incorporates shocking surprises and twists such as the betrayals of Leigh Teabing and Remy that ultimately force audiences to continue reading.  Although the plot became somewhat dull when religious concepts such as the Holy Grail and the Knights Templar were explained, the storyline kept me interested for 454 pages.  Since I am not familiar with Christianity, I found myself researching religious topics while reading, which became tedious.  Consequently, I disliked the ending because it was really open-ended.  I did not feel like there was a concrete conclusion to the novel.  Robert Langdon and readers are left perplexed about the whereabouts of the Holy Grail as well as the meaning of the verse Saunière leaves in the cryptex.<br/><br/>Accordingly, I would recommend this novel to anyone seeking an entertaining, suspenseful read.  The plot takes some time to reach its climax, but once it is there, the fascinating storyline carries audiences to the end.  Even though the ending of the book could have been better, I believe The Da Vinci Code is a novel that everyone should take the opportunity to read.
 Don't believe the hype! This is a fun, trashy, read which has a great place in over-night bags. It is absolutely ideal reading for long weekends. The mystery is fun, the writing easy to digest, and the adventure is exciting. But don't contemplate it too long or it falls apart. It's no Uberto Eco book, and the big surprises won't be surprising for anyone who's read a little history, but I don't regret my purchase at all.
 `The Da Vinci Code' is fiction; a fictional story about Sophie Neveu, a fictitious cryptologist working with the French provincial police, and Dr. Robert Langdon, a fictitious Harvard Symbologist, thrown together in a murder investigation by the victim himself with a hidden agenda which leads to a modern day search for the Holy Grail. This story is as captivating as the stories of King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table, with a twist. It is a book that keeps your attention and you will not want to put it down.<br/>As with all great books it makes you think, wonder "what if", and puts a spin on one of the most misunderstood, if not THE most misunderstood person in history. As a young boy going to catechism, I had strong interest in the story of Mary Magdalene. The nuns portrayed her as a repenting sinner, a  ...], and it was disturbing to me why Jesus Christ appeared to a  ...] first on the birthday of Christianity. It is so refreshing and surprising that I am not alone with my feelings.<br/>To me, faith is having belief in something or someone without proof. I believe in God and Jesus Christ, I do also believe in Mary Magdalene.<br/>I don't know if she was the wife of Jesus Christ. I do know that the Catholic Church slandered this woman and did not recant it until 1969, hundreds of years after the slanderous remarks made about her. The damage to her is almost irreversible but God acts in mysterious ways.<br/>As many people believe it is the end of times, to me it seems odd that so much attention is being drawn to Mary Magdalene now. It is surprising to me it is happening on the cusp of a new Pope coming to power. I see something different in this Pope just by his first address to the people. Just my opinion, but I think we are going to see the church try to put Mary Magdalene in the place she belongs and let women take their rightful place in the church.<br/>Last year I was at a retreat, and one of the classes was about Conclave; with the Pope's health failing and getting on in years, they thought it would be good for us to understand how it went about. This was the first place I was introduced to the man who has become our new Pope. The one thing that stuck in my mind was the requirements to be Pope.<br/>First, you must be baptized but not necessarily a Catholic.<br/>Two, you must be a male.<br/>Three, there is no three at all; the two requirements are all there is. I believe this is showing the discrimination of women in the church in such a blatant manner that it is unforgivable.<br/>So, if the church does not believe that Mary Magdalene is the wife of Jesus and she is not a disciple, then who is she?<br/>Let me express my feeling of the birth of Christianity and the last days of my Lord. He was accused, tried, convicted, scorned, and forced to carry his own cross in pain and humiliation, which became the tool of his demise. The one thing through all of these events was the presence of Mother Mary and Mary Magdalene. As they both cried and prayed at his feet as he died, WHERE WERE THE DISCIPLES?<br/>Mary Magdalene and Mother Mary helped to remove him from the cross then prepared his body and helped to place him in the tomb for final resting, they then wept for three days and nights with great pain and sorrow. On the third day he rose from the dead, did not appear to any of the disciples, or kings, or Rabbis, not even to his own mother. He chose to come to Mary Magdalene first, and to her alone to confront his pain. She is one of the most important, if not the most important person to Jesus Christ. This can be seen in this one example on the birthday of Christianity. She fills every requirement to be a disciple but she is not.<br/>One reason could be that she is female, and the Catholic Church is the largest and most powerful men's club in the world, with the Vatican being the biggest men's locker room the world has ever seen. Remarks like, "a woman belongs to her husband", is just one example. If you or I made some of the statements in the workplace that are made by priests in church, we could be fired; it would be considered sexual harassment. Accepting Mary as a disciple would rock the foundation of the church that Peter built. So I think we are at the end of times, the end of the old church and the men's club, and approaching the birth of a new church, with women standing next to men, THE CHURCH THAT MARY BUILT.<br/>Or, is it as Dan Brown has so elegantly brought out in his book, that Mary Magdalene was the wife of Jesus.<br/>This book is fiction but it asks real questions to every Christian; who is Mary Magdalene and why was she so important to the Lord? Why did the church try so hard to discredit her and write her out of the Bible?<br/>Why the Gospel of Mary is restricted reading from the Catholic Church? I was in Mass one Saturday evening and this book was a big part of the homily, where the priest went on to say this book is blasphemy and not to be read.<br/>I am confused, is this not censorship? Does not censorship feed mistrust, restrict the mind from growth, and stifle freewill. That's odd, because the church I was brought up in believed that freewill is the one thing that God the Father Almighty, the creator of us all, WILL NOT influence. I guess the leaders of the church think they know better than God<br/>Speculation can take us down all kinds of roads. If God sent his son to us to forgive us for our sins and live among us as a man to understand man's suffering, why would God forsake Jesus of the most powerful emotion we as man can feel; the pain and beauty of love for another and the sense of parenthood.
 This is one of the best books I have read in a very long time!  If you're in to mysteries and conspiracies, this book is perfect for you!  I highly recommend the illustrated version of this book, because much of the story relates to hidden messages and symbols in famous works of art...unless you're an art history buff, you'll probably want to see the symbols/messages for yourself, which are included only in this special illustrated edition.
 Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" (sequel to "Angels and Demons") is amazing.  I read it in about a span of four days, and I was completely hooked from the first page to the last.<br/><br/>The story starts with Robert Langdon (the protagonist from "Angels and Demons"), an American Harvard symbologist, who gets called in from his hotel in Paris, France, in the wee hours of the morning to help solve the puzzle of a mysterious murder of a Louvre Museum curator.  What Robert Langdon doesn't know...is that the French Police is under the impression that the American symbologist is the murderer.  The curator happens to be the grand master of a highly secretive religious society whose duty is to guard an ancient secret.  Now that the curator and another set of members who know the secret are murdered, the secret may be lost forever...and that's where Langdon comes in.  Langdon manages to escape the Louvre with the help of the intelligent cryptologist, Sophie Neveu.  The next few hours will take him through a frantic cat-and-mouse chase through the streets of Paris, and all the way to England as he and Sophie Neveu evade the clutches of the French Police, always staying just several steps ahead.  Langdon and Sophie hurry to solve the mystery of the secret society's secret, before it is uncovered by the wrong hands.<br/><br/>This illustrated version of the book helps greatly as one envisions the symbols, paintings, and sites in various parts of Europe...they're right there for you to study as you read along!<br/><br/>The plot of this book moves fast, a roller coaster ride that definitely keeps your fingers itching to look ahead in the book to see what comes next.  Brown keeps the story moving along nicely, with short and to the point chapters and different points of view.  His words flow fluidly and beautifully, and at times I had to remind myself that most of this was fiction!  Expect twists and turns that will make you gape at the pages and not want to move from where you are sitting.<br/><br/>This book is an amazing blend of history, conspiracy themes, and action, all in one clean and neat package!
 The religious theories in the Da Vinci Code are fairly interesting though the amount of truth in them is only known by men long dead, and if there is some kind of successor to this knowledge they have yet to come forward.<br/><br/>The one aspect of the book we cannot doubt is that its entire plot is nothing more than a predictable, thinly veiled premise for long-winded monolouges by the main character - a man we not only don't know, even by the end of the book, but one we don't care about. While Brown may have a lot to say about the Catholic church he has little to say about his characters.<br/><br/>This novel seems mostly like an easy way out - Brown can get his beliefs and theories into general circulation without citing sources or offering proof by putting them into a popular novel. Brown proves to be a poor historian and novelist.
 This book deals with the perplexing tale of a litte rubber duck who happens to murder Dan Vinchi. It all started back in Battery Park, New York City, New York, United States of America, Planet Earth. The rubber ducky himself was murdered by back in the galactic year 200.000.000.000.000.009 on a small palnet now know as Dgr'po'nâr by the native inhabitatns. But he was reincarnated as Derk Witherspoon (an english cattle farmer) in the year 1694 (Western time). I leave the rest for you to discover within the pages of this beatifully bound edition of The Vinc'i Code.
 This is good hack work, but for insights into early Christianity I much prefer THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF JESUS CHRIST by Neil Elliott.  This book begins with standard characters, then devolves into a so-called mystery the answer to which presumably will rock the foundations of the Catholic church. But it's just laughable that the New York Times gave this high praise, and shows how far their reviewers have fallen, and how little they understand Catholicism.  Most Americans are not Catholic, and even those who are are not preoccupied with it.  Da Big Mystery Exposed would draw a ho-hum from most of them.<br/>This is beach reading that will impress New York intellectuals as deep and weighty, since they understand Christianity, the Vatican, and Catholicism not at all.  But when the spook jumps out of the closet and yells "boo", most Catholic readers will just shrug and say "So what?"
 Great read.  Dan Brown has a talent of keeping the story going without losing interest of the reader.
 How in God's name can a large albino man confined to wearing a monk outfit and bleeding from a torture device attached to his leg clandestinely attack people in a major city without getting caught?  These and other stupefying questions will come to mind when reading this book.  Furthermore:<br/><br/>1) The use of French phrases throughout the book was unnecessary and pretentious.<br/><br/>2) Could ANY police force be that incompetent?<br/><br/>3) Could one, just ONE character been interesting (ok the Professor wasn't too bad).<br/><br/>The combination of all this and other things really lost me.  The book had little credibility just by how it was written (i.e. poor character development, implausible scenarios, predictable romance) leaving aside the controversy of the subject matter.  Read another religious based best seller from 25 years ago instead: The Name of the Rose by Umberto Eco.
 It captured my interest from the first pages.  Fast paced. Some of the problem solving was a bit too convenient.<br/>Readers need to realize that not only are his characters and story fictional, but also the "facts" that his characters provide.  The distortions are rampant, and the selective history lessons are misguided at best.  The uneducated and uninitiated reader can come away with a seriously damaged understanding of the early church.  I suggest readers who are really interested in the history of Jesus and the early churn see John Meier's excellent series entitled "The Marginal Jew".  Those who are interested in how loosely Dan Brown plays with the truth will want to visit:  ...]<br/>If you like good fiction it's fun.  If you like good history it's the wrong place to look!
 Pardon me, but if this passes for "literature" then let's all welcome each other to the Dark Ages. Yes I know, Dan is laughing all the way to the bank and I understand how one can get rich hitting a cultural nerve, but in this case, the nerve is mass hysteria and cultural ignorance. Not least of all, it is painful to witness the public execution of the English language. I threw the book out after 50 pages. No, that's not quite true. I recycled it.
 This is a great work of fiction and was delightful to read.  It can open your thoughts to another aspect of how to look at the subject matter of the story.  The settings are richly presented, the writing flows, and the story moves at a good pace.  Do not select this book and expect historical facts in every aspect.  It is a work of fiction based on some historical fact.  Dan Brown is an excellent writer and presents his view in a spellbinding story.  This book is thoroughly enjoyable and shouldn't be missed.
 Having read Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code before acquiring the illustrated edition, I found him to be a very vivid and descriptive writer.  This Illustrations made me feel like I was actually there.<br/><br/>Not only was it nice to have the pictures available, I felt like I was more fully understand what was going on.  The story was much easier to follow with a visual A.  The photos are stunning and I enjoyed simply looking at them.<br/>  It was interesting to have the pictures available considering the controversy of the book.  It allows a reader to take a look for himself and really decide how they feel about it.<br/><br/>I very highly recommend that you purchase the illustrated edition.  It gives more thorough perspective and I believe that one can enjoy the novel to a fuller extent.
 This was my first encounter with Dan Brown's writing, and it certainly will not be my last. This is one of those rare novels that gets you to think about your own beliefs, and has you racing to the internet for background information. Being non-religious myself, I found myself looking for information on the Holy Grail, and the way that Dan Brown interprets the Bible. Prepare to be impressed with his character development, and the history involved in his writing.
 If you are deciding between the illustrated and normal versions of this book I would recommend the illustrated.  My only complaint about the illustrations is that the "last supper" is spread out on two pages with the crease in a critical location.<br/><br/>The book itself is a fun, fast, interesting read.  I would highly recommend it.  I did like Angels and Deamons slightly better because I felt the "bad guy" was better developed.  I felt a lot of sympathy for the "Bad Guys" in this book, which is not necessarily a bad thing.
 I have to admit I haven't been able to sit down and read a book straight through in a long time. I have wanted to read many of the books I own and complete several the series. I decided though to get myself back into the mood of reading...I'd get a book on the top 10 list of books being read.<br/>I am glad I chose The Da Vinci Code as my icebreaker into reading. What I found the most fascinating was the references to actual artwork, songs, movies and even the word assocations. It was a good story with many twists and turns to the story to keep you interested. This is a piece of fiction, and some people have noted that they found some references offensive. I could see how this book my set some people off but really you have to understand it's only an opinion. Everything can be interpreted in many different ways. What I am going to take away from this book is a fascination for symbolism, codes and really a higher interest in art. The book references many real locations, I hope to someday actually see them.
 So here's the deal... I pride myself on being a reader.  I love the classics.  Thus, I made sure as hell to avoid the Da Vinci Code.  Everybody and their mother said that this was a fantastic book, and that I should read it right away. The rule of thumb is that whatever the mass of people recommend will without a doubt be stupid, and predictable (see Friends, Fox Reality).<br/><br/>After a while, I gave into the pressure.  And here's the deal.  This book is not literature.  It's a fun page turner.  I enjoyed the book a lot, but I'm not going to claim it to be "a wonderful piece of literature."  Anyone who claims that it is, probably doesn't read a whole lot, or if they do, nothing challenging.<br/><br/>The truth is, if you understand that you shouldn't treat it as Emerson, you will enjoy this book.  I had a blast reading it, perhaps because I read it for entertainment purposes only.  If you pick up the Da Vinci Code with the same intention, it'll be worth every penny.
 I won't give a summary, since that has been done numerous times here, but would like to say that this book kept me fascinated the entire time I read it. The skill with which author Dan Brown compiled what must have been reams of historical data and integrated it into a fast-paced thriller is simply astounding.  Be sure to read with an open mind - it's a challenging read, as well as inspirational.  Excellent book and one I intend to read several times - simply so I can absorb all this book has to offer.
 I don't usually read "bestsellers" but my wife brought this home from the library and as an author myself, though not nearly so successful a one as Dan Brown (author of this book), I was moved to take a look. I started reading it and was swept right up. It was fast paced, polished and intriguing. In fact, I put down another book I was reading to finish this one, so it certainly worked for me at that level.<br/>But it didn't work at a deeper level. In the end The Da Vinci Code seemed highly artificial in construction, with characters that were barely more than ciphers inserted in the plot to play their parts but capable of little more. They had no inner life to speak of and nothing about them to make me believe in their lives or experiences.<br/>The plot itself hinges on an idea of conspiracies and secret societies that span millenia and involve a hidden history of Christianity. But the notions presented in relation to this are all relatively common place to anyone already familiar with the history of religion and do not suggest any real conspiracy of ancient secrets. I won't say too much here about them, for fear of giving away the story's thrust, which, after all, is its one real virtue. But suffice it to say that the endless puzzles within puzzles, the seemingly arcane expositions when individuals who should have a better handle on facts seemingly don't, the mystery of people who are not what they seem, the idea of hidden beliefs about a "sacred feminine" (whatever that is) that have been long suppressed by institutional religion, and the endless bait and switch tactics of the exposition begin to grate. It got to the point where I knew that, as soon as one thing was revealed to us, it would only prove another way-station in an intellectual treasure hunt that was seemingly premised on all sorts of forced allusions and esoteric interpretations that could not be guessed in advance (a rather unfair trick, it seems to me).<br/>About two thirds of the way through, I did guess the identity of the hidden bad guy and after that it was just a matter of waiting to see how the author brought this to the surface. When he finally did, it proved an anti-climax that left me somewhat cold. And the book's final end, itself, which follows the revelation of the hero's antagonist, struck me as particularly forced and a let-down. There wasn't much of a secret there, when all the sound and fury had blown itself out.<br/>Still, I have to acknowledge that the book kept me reading and was interesting. Is that enough to warrant bestseller status? Well, perhaps it is, when conjoined with a lot of pseudo-speculation about religion and belief. At the least the book entertained and that, I suppose, is why it sells. Mr. Brown has my admiration for that.<br/>SWM
 This is one of my all time favorite books.  It's such an easy read but filled with great information. The characters are so likable, before I had my kindle I read this book so many times it was falling apart.  Any time I in the mood for a great read, this is the book that I pick up.
 Ok its an accetable thriller, but a nasty jab at Christianity and religion in general. He seems to say that none of this religious stuff is real, (even his own), and if you think so you're stupid or tragically misled.<br/>It seems like the author expects his readers to be theologically unsophisticated, like they are just awakening to the fact that religious tenents can be controversial, and that they will swallow his comic book version,  supported by reams of apochryhal rubbish ; which conveneniently dovetails with his world view: Religious beliefs are all "metaphors", anyhow, and really not all that helpful, when the greatest good (ie political correctness with a goose-step) is to elevate are daughters from centuries of sexual discrimination, and repression.<br/>So if our goal is to make our daughters "beam" in theology class, we have to get rid of all the patriarchal baloney, and invent a kinder,gentler and more convenient religion. Too bad the disciples of Christ, who died insisting that Jesus Christ, was who the Bible says he is, the Messiah of the Old Testament, God incarnate. They could have saved so much trouble had they been able to benifit from Dan Brown's "research", that they somehow missed, even while being eye witnesses to the lives of Christ and Mary Magdelena, and the first century.<br/>I guess they were'nt politically correct enough to see the<br/>error of their particular "metaphor".  The Wiccan "metaphor"<br/>has been embraced by many , througout the ages. One such enlightened leader energized a whole population<br/>with these beliefs in our time, and yet Dan Brown fails to name him in his works. Pagan heritage  was a major theme of Adolf Hitler's Third Reich, right down to the ritual sexual deviancy of his Brown Shirts.<br/>To top it off, the protaganist worships before the supposed tomb of Mary Magdelena, in the closing passage. Why? According to Brown, she is just Jesus's wife; and Jesus<br/>is just a great teacher. So, what's the point?<br/>Like the London Times reviewer says, this book is<br/>ludicrous.
 Silly Book #2<br/><br/>Okay, I admit it, I'm the last person in the Northern Hemisphere - except for a pocket of Zapotecs - who has not read "The Da Vinci Code". But, wanting to make sure that I had the code framed correctly I had read "Angels and Demons - the prequel (see my review over there). I got both books in Blackpool, England and read them here while recovering from a travel injury - who said air travel today is boring?<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is not much better reading in England as it would have been at home in Austin, Texas. I cannot believe the furor about this book. Basically, it is a mediocre "little boy" book. Would have qualified as B level airplane reading but not much more. Why is it so popular? Well, I still don't know even after watching 3 hours of BBC television shows on the background, making of, truth and fiction behind it and the success of the book.<br/><br/>All I can say is that this is a silly little - although almost 600 pages - book and an appropriate sequel to "Angels and Demons" - two silly books!.  Why did I read the whole thing? Why would an American watch a cricket match??? At least, it did not make me apoplectic!
 I thought that the book was good pulp fiction, it was a fun story, something that you can get lost in while you are on a plane or vegging at the beach.<br/><br/>But it cannot be read as reliable history, or even reliable historical fiction. Even the 'fact' page at the front of the book is fiction, and maybe the joke is on those of us who took that page a little too seriously.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon, the professor of symbology at Harvard University is on a quest to discover the true meaning of the Holy Grail, even if he cannot find the Grail itself. The story has many twists and turns, and it keeps the reader hooked to the very end. Each chapter is its own little cliffhanger, and you have to read into the next chapter to see how it is resolved.<br/><br/>Remember, IT IS JUST A NOVEL. Enjoy it for what it is, and if you want to read a book about true art history, get a nonfiction art history book. And if you want to read about Christian History, get Everett Ferguson's new book on church history, or maybe even Bruce Shelley's "Church History in Plain Language."
 Reading the reviews of The Da Vinci Code has been almost entertaining as reading the book.  However, it's troubling to read the comments from reviewers insulting those who enjoyed the book. As we all have something in common (we actually read books), can't we agree to disagree?<br/>Much of the vitriol directed at the book can be divided into two camps:  1) those who think Brown's research is either suspect or based on a heretic viewpoint, and 2) those who think Brown is a terrible writer.  As a reviewer pointed out, if a book makes a person think and want to research its ideas further, then that piece of literature has merit. As E.L. Doctorow wrote in his essay The Importance of Fiction, "Fiction is democratic; it reasserts the authority of the single mind to make and remake the world" (1986).<br/>To be sure, Brown is no Hemingway, Faulkner or even Stephen King.  He is a creative writer who has created a thought-proking thriller.  The best advice/recommendation is to read the book and form your own opinion.
 I swore to never read anything off the best seller list again, so I got what I deserved. It started off with some interesting premises, meant to make the reader think he/she must be rather clever to understand the seemingly arcane knowlege possessed by the characters. By about page two hundred I realized that this book had gone nowhere, that the "hidden knowlege" was a bunch of pseudointellectual bull, and that the reason I kept falling asleep every time I picked it up was because it was deadly boring. I kept trying to continue but it was impossible. Phooey. Stick with independent publishers. What a bunch of tripe.
 This was my first Dan Brown book, so it was pretty cool how he used real people and organizations (historical fiction).  Caused quite a controversy amongst the Catholics, though I thought it was a brilliant storyline.  However, i've read 2 other dan brown books (angels and demons and digital fortress), and I can say after reading one book, you can figure out what will happen in his other books.  However, with that said, I'd say it's good to read at least one of his books.
 A good mystery with a great trail of clues to follow. The character development wasn't strong, but unraveling the historical mystery at the core of the story made up for it. This isn't the type of book were you get involved with the characters. It's type of book where you have to know the answers. And it's a home run on that level.
 An easy read that pulls you in from the start. I really wanted to like this book, but my intellectual integrity wouldn't let me. This is the most poorly researched book I have ever read. It is riddled with basic factual errors, geographical errors, art history fallacies, and historical inaccurances, not to mention the absurdities concerning Christianity. It would have been so simple to cross-reference a few ideas, check a date or two, pick up a map of Paris, verify claims about events...I can't think of any reason for this embarrasing mess of mis-information. I strongly advise readers lacking a background in the arts to balance this read with research of your own, or critiques of this book highlighting the countless errors.
 I found this book to be an excellent read and a very suspenseful thriller.  Dan Brown is an amazing author and I know that I will be reading his books until the very last one.<br/>The book starts out with a Harvard symbologist named Robert Langdon is staying in Paris for a while.  He was suppose to have a drink with a man by the name of Jacques Sauniere who is the curator of the Louvre, the museum that is home to the classic and beautiful Mona Lisa.  But later that evening, Langdon received a very rude awakening from the French police force saying that Sauniere had been murdered.  Since Langdon was suppose to be the last to have seen Sauniere, he was a prime suspect to the murder.  Sauniere had left a message on the floor with a pen that only shows up in a black light and Langdon's name was in it.  This made him very nervous.  This is when a young and beautiful young lady named Sophie Neveu entered the story.  She worked for the Police as a cryptologist and was the granddaughter to the late Sauniere.  Sophie new that Langdon was innocent and would stop at nothing to prove it to the police.  That included breaking the law and turning them both in to fleeing fugitives.  Also in the words left on the floor by the curator was a code that lead the two new fugitives to a key that opened a safety deposit box in a very private bank.  This lead the two explorers into a great journey for what they would soon find to be the Holy Grail itself, or rather, her self.<br/>This book points out things about religion and the Holy Grail that are very fascinating and intrigued me to the point of continuing research on the subject.  The Da Vinci Code is a book that grabs your attention from the very beginning and doesn't let go at any given moment.  It was very well written and very well researched.  I would recommend this book to anyone who loves thrillers and mysteries.
 I will refrain from gushing, but I have to say very few books have the effect that this book had on me while reading it!  In fact, I'm sure it's happened before, but I can't remember with what book(s)!  I would describe this author's talent for writing as brilliant.  I think very few authors have the gift of organizing their words in such a way to captivate the reader and make them read every single word.  I am notorious for skimming descriptive paragraphs because often they are not written well or they don't hold my attention long enough; I find myself wanting to skip to the dialogue.  Not so with this book!  This is the first novel I've read by Dan Brown, but it definitely will not be the last.
 This author loves number riddles and in this book he adroitly discovers the lowest common denominator. But what's more important, how many books Dan Brown sells or the legacy of great individuals? (He should be imprisoned for what he did to Bernini in Angels and Demons - but, heh, heh, not too many lawyers around representing 17th century sculptors) This is Spiderman in the Louvre, Batman gallavanting around Europe. The plot is intricate and the background semi-interesting, but the characters are flat and the dialogue laughable. And the author REALLY needs to fess up in his little "Fact" sections as to what's not real regarding important historical figures. Can anyone name an Oliver Stone movie since JFK?  Coming soon to a theater near you, America!
 (***1/2)<br/><br/>Yep, that's all there is. A whizbang of a page turner, with not one but two, count 'em two, shadowy secret societies (Opus Dei and the Priory of Zion) duking it out, while our infinitely intelligent and superior hero, and his female companion Sophie, as infinitely intelligent and superior and sexy as the same hero's other female companion in the last book, dodge a terminally masochistic albino assassin to unravel a long series of cultch-lit puzzles, each wrapped in the one before like so many Russian dolls. As if their lives depended on it, which they do, but not quite so much as the author depends on it to arrive breathlessly at the cliffhanger at the end of the next short chapter.<br/><br/>You have to respect the genuine craft it takes to manage to pack a moment of breathless suspense into each of 104 between chapter intervals. But after the 67th or so, it might start to feel a tad formulaic.<br/><br/>Won't keep you from grabbing for the next one, though, til the whole bag of empty calories is gone.<br/><br/>The real fun here is in the lore about those two secret societies, especially the Priory. My recommendation would be to take your conspiracy theory fun straight (and, for my money, more potent), by going straight to the source. Just because the authors of *Holy Blood, Holy Grail* made themselves look avaricious and silly by suing Dan Brown (who had given them perfectly fair acknowledgement), doesn't mean that their own book of deep trivia and trashy revelation isn't smarter, more convoluted, and a more satisfying guilty pleasure in the end.<br/><br/>On the whole, I felt the Brown formula worked better, and the plotting felt less ad hoc, in the prequel *Angels and Demons*. You won't miss anything by missing either one; but if all you're missing by plowing through them is a few nights of prime time TV, you'll come out on top from the trade.
 I agree that the DaVinci code is a fun thriller that is hard to put down.  I was so intrigued by the review (especially a positive comparison to Katherine Neville's "The Eight"--one of my favorite books which I am now re-reading) that I decided to read "Angels and Demons" first.  That was probably a mistake, since many of the plot elements in DaVinci code mirror those in his earlier book.  "The DaVinci Code" is a much better book than "Angels and Demons",but I was able to guess things about what was going to happen based on my reading of the previous book.  This only could occur because of the very strong reliance on the same plot elements from the very first scene with the hero getting a nocturnal call to immediatly view a dead body mired in symbolism, his meeting a young women who turns out to be related to the murder victim (grandaughter, vs adopted daughter) and so on.  I don't want to mention any others since they might give away the plot.
 The great thing about this book is how it brings to light how women have been neglected in th history of the Catholic Church. It is worth reading just for the education you get in that. The plot is the thriller-in-a-day variety that the author has used time and again. It works, but it's hurried and formulaic. I'm afraid when they make the movie (and they are sure to) they'll leave in all the action and take out the meat - Who is Mary, who is Mary Magdelene, what is their significance? Sigh.
 I'm sure that some will be annoyed at the liberties taken by Mr. Brown took when explaining the conspiracies, but I thought they were fine considering this is a great fiction tale. I'm an engineer by trade and I've learned that authors need some freedom when writing. The story is number one and the fact a close second.<br/>Great story, great plot, wonderful characters, and believable conspiracy, make this one of the best books I've read this year.
 Wish someone told me Angels &amp; Demons took place before this book and not understanding why the new movie seems to be filmed as a sequel. The story is about the Catholic Church on a quest to find the location of the true Holy Grail, and an ancient society established to keep it a secret. The two main characters in this novel are Langdon and Sophie. They are put in the middle of the ongoing struggle when all of the leaders of the ancient society are murdered by Silas, an assassin of the Catholic Church.<br/><br/>Silas is now out to kill Langdon and Sophie so that the secret of the Holy Grail will not be discovered by anyone who would release it into the world. One of those murdered by Silas was Sophie's grandfather, and now he is leaving a trail of clues for Sophie to solve with the help of Langdon.<br/><br/>The novel was against Christianity and said that Jesus was just a man and nothing else. I wouldn't recommend this novel to anyone with little faith or to someone who is easily swayed. Over all, this book was interesting. I would recommend.
 Did you ever wonder what happened to those young crime fighters when they grew up? Now you know. A murder brings together Sophie the 30+ cryptographer and Robert the 40+ historian forcing them to answer a series of riddles and puzzles in order to solve the caper. The puzzles have all the sophistication of writing in lemon juice and reading messages in the mirror. Can you think of a five letter word associated with Sir Isaac Newton? If not then you will be left spell bound by cryptic hints like "we could use some fruit from the tree of knowledge to solve this one!" Except for the occasional references to sex to remind you this is adult fiction, this is the Hardy Boys all over again.
 This book is a tremendous amount of fun. It's a beach read -- Brown's not trying to be Umberto Eco -- that I zipped through in a day. What's genius about it is that Brown takes something that most of us are steeped in and interested in, a particular faith, and asks the reader to approach it from a historical context instead of a divine one. He does a very good job of gathering a lot of facts (about Opus Dei, the Knights Templar, etc.) and weaving them together in a plausible "what if" scenario. Best of all, he gives a great gift to the reader in that he sparks your interest in investigating these things for yourself -- an impressive accomplishment.<br/>He's a curious and inventive writer of pulp thrillers and he deserves his success. I'm looking forward to reading his other work.
 Actually a great read; good story, moves along. A lot of stretches but still fun. There is some amount of predictability to it. And, no question, the historical facts and symbology are not actually there to back up the book in a "factual" sense, but it is enjoyable in spite of that. Read the book, skip the movie. Tom Hanks has done better.
 I'm not sure why this book is number one on the bestseller list right now.  It was a good, fun read, but not 'beats 'em all' caliber.  If you're expecting something written in brilliant prose to knock you socks off, don't.  But if you're looking for a good book to read, pick it up.  It's entertaining, thought provoking and fun.  If you don't read it with your expectations sky high because it's number one, then you'll probably enjoy it for the story it is.
 This book was so compelling and the author made such good use of cliffhangers in each chapter that I simply couldn't put it down.  I literally devoured this book in a few days.  I looked forward to reading it in every free moment I had. The juxtaposition of light and dark are powerfully presented in this novel.  The spiritual meaning of the Holy Grail was truly profound, and a great metaphor for the feminine foundation in  spirituality.  The controversy sparked by this novel speaks to its power and  society's unyielding need to ignore the feminine and support the patriarchy.
 I am a full time student and don't often take time to read novels. Each Christmas my brother buys me a new book and gives it to me after reading it himself so that we can discuss various topics addressed in the book.  The di Vinci Code was a great read.  I love a good conspiracy theory.  This was a fun read, however it is nothing more (or less) than really good fiction.  Sure Brown's sources are skechy and he is not exactly a historian, but the book is still a fun read.  Highly suggested, just don't go and change your religion or something.
 But waaaaay too long!<br/><br/>I'm not going to say that I didn't somewhat enjoy this book, or that I was not caught up in its mystery (I refrain from describing the plot here, as myriad reviewers have done it as well, or better than, I could do). It's just that I had some problems:<br/><br/>The main characters were completely wooden. The clues to the mystery went from truly interesting and engaging to tiresome to boring to parody (I found myself laughing by the last half of the book). The entire premise, while fun to read, was ridiculous. And so on.<br/><br/>As a friend of mine has said, this book would make a great movie, and I agree. We are having fun "casting" the main characters, but they are so one-dimensional, it's hard to do so. I'm glad I read the book, I give it a C-plus, but I think it could have ended, and ended well, a good 100 pages before it did. As for the religious premise: I would not touch it with a ten-foot pole. At first I took it somewhat seriously, but by the end, I was literally laughing aloud.<br/><br/>My take: fun, frivolous and mediocre.
 "The Da Vinci Code" is an excellent thriller that reads very quickly.  It basically tells the story of a symbologist who is lead through a series of challenges given to him by a dead man while trying to avoid the police and other parties that want what he is trying to find.<br/>This book was a very entertaining read.  While it is technically a fiction piece, it uses a lot of facts and stories to really engross the reader.  Many past reviewers have actually not liked this style of writing, but I believe it is because they were looking for a totally factual story and did not buy into the world created by the author.  This belief, even if it goes against what your general belief system, must be suspended at least while you are reading the story.<br/>This book is very exciting and entertaining.  It begins with a lot of action and it carries through all the way to the end.  Most books have slow sections, but this one had few, if any.  The plot was well-thought out and the ending was not very predictable.<br/>In the end, I would recommend this book to anyone that loves a fast-paced thriller and is willing to suspend "what they think they know" for a short time.  It's an exciting world the author has created and if you truly buy into it, it's a great book.  Otherwise, you'll just be scoffing at some of the ideas presented and fail to truly enjoy the book's intent.
 Great book,  very captivating story, a must read
 I can't wait to read this book!
 i really enjoyed the da vinci code. it really makes one reflect on hidden meanings, and "what lies beneath." although there were a few controvercial ideas, i would just like to say to all of the people out there who are having hissy fits over this book: dan brown did not write this book and say "these are the facts, this is true." he simply did a lot of research and developed a wonderful conspiracy theory on the work of da vinci. he never claimed that it was all true. though most of his research is based on facts that he foud, the conclusions he drew from it are not necesarilily concrete and he NEVER claimed that they were. i would encourage all of the people out there to calm down, and realize that it is a well written book, you might not think it's true, but he's not saying it is. it is a fictional book based on extensive research. dan brown is not trying to undermine the Christain religion, i myself am a fervent Christian and i simply read the book with an open mind, enjoyed it beyond belief and placed it on my permanent list of best books i have ever read, and moved on. i suggest u do the same. u are taking a stance against somthing that never claimed to be true. do somthing better with ur time, and enjoy this wonderful book, i gurentee u won't regret it.
 I really enjoyed the book's premise and set up during the first half, but the last half was a bit of a let down.  I actually found myself correctly guessing some of the clues to riddles chapters before the characters did - and I have no pedigree in mathematics, religion, or code breaking!  Not to mention some of the plot twists that seem rather borrowed.  I had that sinking feeling of knowing exactly where the story was headed, pages before I got there.  The characters were bland, and the author could have used several hundred more pages on character development.  I frankly didn't care all that much about these characters.<br/>Given the public's general ignorance about history, I'm both hopeful and wary about the popularity of this book.  Hopeful that people get interested in the underlying history and do their OWN research, but wary that they may take this fictional work as historical fact.<br/>Also, I'm not all that religious, but couldn't help feeling that the author has one hell of an axe to grind with the Church.  Clearly, he is not a fan.  I imagine devout Catholics would have problems with this book.
 Ok, two stars for ideas and use of actual historical artifacts.  However, in terms of being a good book, nothing.  I hated having to wade through the 400-or-so pages of "writing" to get the scrapping of a good idea.  I know 4th grader who write better.  This book was/is popular only because of stupid religious fanatics and lazy readers who think that, if they get through 10 chapter in one sitting, it's a good read.  It's crap.  One of the few cases in which I would recommend the movie over the book, and that's not saying much.  Read "Marathon Man," more thrilling and much more satisfying.
 What on earth are the critics raving about? Two-thirds of the book is copped directly from the references the author gives beginning Chapter 60. The other one-third is a weak attempt to merge mystery religion with what the author believes is a thriller. Anyone who has read even one of the four historical studies cited by the author knows all about Da Vinci's so-called checkered activities and his flakey antics such as backward writing and cryptograms. And to call the main character Sauniere is just ribald cartooning!<br/>So, Mister Brown, I guess I missed something... In your opinion, what did happen to John the Baptizer?
 I do not read a book to critique an authors writing style.  I read a book for entertainment, and to have thoughts provoked.  This book does both.  It is a very interesting mystery suspense book, that kept me up reading late at night.  It also peaked my interest in the Grail legends and Leonardo Da Vinci.  I did not know anything about the Grail legends, Da Vinci, or any of things the book discussed.  I know the book is a work of fiction, so I would not even begin to assume that all that is presented is true.  However, it made me so interested in the subjects, that I have started reading non-fiction about the grail legends, Mary Magdalene etc. At an exhibit of religious art I was interested in looking at the symbology and things that were discussed in the book.  For me, that is what makes this a great read.  The book is very entertaining, and it makes you think.  I will say that those people who are Catholic, may not like the book, becuse it is not completely flattering in the way it portrays the church, but I do not think it is a vendetta, and remember it is a work of fiction.
 I don't want to be totally negative about this... Dan Brown is undoubtedly a skilled writer and has managed with The Da Vinci Code to write a book that keeps you going from start to finish, it is a genuine page turner which always leaves you wanting more. But I think of all the books I have ever read this is without a doubt the most patronisingly written, the most simple-minded. If you want a mindless thriller (but one whose thrills are fairly limited) then this is the book for you.... if on the other hand you want one that doesn't insult your intelligence (for example an expert in code cracking who cannot crack the most obvious of codes, an art historian who walks into a room and thinks "Salvador Dali the famous surrealist painter" - I mean, please, are we supposed to believe these people might exist and are respcted in their chosen fields?!!??) then this is definitely NOT the book for you. You might say its only a holiday read, only a thriller, but most thriller writers that I have come across do not attempt to map out every single point to the reader, do not end up making the reader feel insulted by the simple-mindedness of their style. Don't waste your precious time on this, its not worth it. The only reason I would recommend it is to give you a few hours amusement at how laughable the whole thing is.
 .<br/>Remember Cliff from Cheers - the guy who spouted off a number of obscure facts and tried to establish a hypothesis from them?... how the ancient Greeks, for example, invented the toilet roll by trying to make scrolls pocket-sized...;-) That is what this book reminds me of...<br/>Perhaps that's unfair... Cliff could have written a better book.<br/>I like what someone said earlier, Brown is really a writer for Scooby Doo cartoons!  It has all the makings of the same plot.<br/>The 'mysteries' are disappointing grade school material (apple?, come on!) and the 'experts' are pure schlock... Brown's own characters were embarrassed by the 'scientific' explanations and his 'hack' of other peoples work and agendas.  Even the most far-fetched theories are immediately accepted as fact, because they are so ridiculous... (Gasp! I guess they MUST be true).  Great technique, have your own characters scoff or say they were 'originally skeptic' -- I guess that gives it 'academic' credibility... (not)<br/>And secret societies... mysterious albino giant?  escaped from prison because of an earthquake?  Age of Aquarius?  Is it any surprise that Brown is smirking on the cover photo... maybe Leonardo was trying to warn people from buying the book when he is quoted... 'awake mere mortals from the deception' (or some such dribble).  That is a more plausible message from the past than what Brown is spouting.<br/>This is an obvious attempt by Brown to submit an idea for a movie.  It has all the substance of a hour and a half 'B-thriller'.  Hopefully, any prospective studios will read these reviews and see what a waste of time this would be on the screen...<br/>Unless, of course, it starred Cliff as Langdon and Scooby Doo as his sidekick... then you'd have something...
 They could have just put the cryptex in a freezer, waited until the vinegar froze, and sawed it, removed the paper carefully and that's it! was I the only one who thought about this? Seriously it didn't let me read comfortably, I was all the time like "Why they don't just freeze it? It's just liquid inside!!"<br/><br/>Another thing, if Sir Leigh Teabing told Silas to enter Chateau Villete and take the cryptex, why did he hit knock him down when Silas did as he was bid? It is just illogical and unjustified in the book.
 When museum curator Jacques Sauniere is murdered, he leaves a cryptic message to his granddaughter, with whom he had been at odds with for roughly a decade, Sophie, to find Robert Langdon, and mentions the Mona Lisa. This is the stage set in the novel The DaVinci Code, by Dan Brown. In  the first few hours of the night, Sophie and Langdon race through the Louvre museum, discover what they will soon know is a Swiss deposit box key, and become fugitives on the run from the French Judicial Police. After opening the deposit box, the code involving the infamous Fibonacci sequence, they become in possession of the Piory of Sion's keystone - supposedly the map to finding the Sangreal documents and the Holy Grail. Over the course of merely twenty-four hours, Langdon learns of evidence leading to the belief that the Holy Grail may actually be Mary Magdalene, who possibly gave birth the Jesus Christ's child. Sophie finally learns the eerie truth about her family, particularly her grandmother and brother. Both accomplices learn about the Priory of Sion, a secret society founded in 1099, whose purpose is to protect the Grail, and Opus Dei, a highly devout Catholic branch that participates in corporal mortification. Basically, they are the opposite of the Priory. Langdon and Sophie, with their combined knowledge of DaVinci's works, uncover bone-chilling clues to the answer to Sophie's grandfather's murder, and what really happened to her family that night.<br/><br/>You have to get the illustrated edition, otherwie you will be totally lost and have to get on the internet to look up everything. That disembodied had in "The Last Supper" was just...freaky.
 I usually bore easily when it comes to reading novels, but Dan Brown's "DaVinci Code" kept me intrigued from beginning to end. His attention to detail was amazing. I was in France a few years ago and found his descriptions of the Lourve Museum painstakingly accurate. Each plot twist made me want to finish the book even faster to see how it would end. I hope to see Brown write more novels involving the symbologist Robert Langdon. I just bought Brown's earlier novel "Angels and Demons", hoping his earlier works are on par with "The DaVinci Code". It was an excellent book....Highly recommended
 It was a fast moving, interesting book with many many surprises.
 I was introduced to the books of author Dan Brown only three weeks ago, but have quickly absorbed all four of his published works. It is easy to see why some are comparing the work of Dan Brown and James BeauSeigneur (THE CHRIST CLONE TRILOGY). Both Brown and BeauSeigneur deal masterfully with the more mysterious features of religion, politics, and science. Both bring to light amazing bits of information, which they weave into the intricate patterns of their stories. Both are highly imaginative and write with a ring of authenticity that makes for a compelling read. While Brown compresses labyrinthine plots into brief time periods to provide page-turning suspense, BeauSeigneur trilogy is of epic proportion, covering several decades. While Brown applies the mysteries of history to the drama of "today," BeauSeigneur uses both history and prophecy (from perhaps a dozen major world religions) to transport the reader from the world of today, to the very dawning of a new age in a story reminiscent of the scope of Asimov's classic, FOUNDATION.<br/>One other difference is that BeauSeigneur has taken the novel (pun intended and forgiveness is asked) approach of including footnotes in his books of fiction. By doing so, he all but eliminates the necessity of suspending disbelief. Few authors employ such strong factual grounding as to make footnotes useful, but I believe Brown's work (and his readers) would benefit from BeauSeigneur's innovation.
 If you are looking to Dan Brown for Biblical Truth then DO NOT BUY THE BOOK!  But, if you are looking for a fun, fiction book to read on a plane or on a rainy day then Dan Brown's  "The DaVinci Code" is an excellent choice. Dan Brown pens a provocative mystery that will also entertain history buffs!  It's pure fiction.<br/>I guarantee that once you start reading the book you will be unable to put it down.
 I have read other books by Dan Brown and it seems he has a formula to his plots. Don't read the rest of this if you don't want to spoil the book. The formula goes like this: guy &amp; a hot chick find something in the earth shattering category and have to tell the world about it. The guy and girl are being chased by a bad guy lackey for said item that could shatter the world. The bad guy lackey is actually being controlled by the person who they run to for help early on/mid way in the book.<br/>I do like his books but since I discovered this pattern, I read them for the details he puts in.
 The son of a prep school math teacher and a church organist, Dan Brown has publically confessed an uncomfortableness with absolute faith.  During a recent speech, he said, "I was not born with the luxury of absolute certainty or absolute faith. I have a lot of questions. I've written a novel in which fictional characters ask some of those questions and offer possible answers." So is the DaVinci Code really a work of fiction or a book about Dan Brown's quest for answers?  I guess it's up to the reader to decide.<br/><br/>Frankly, I've grown weary of techo-thrilling, conspiracy busting, orthodoxy deconstructing novels.  Give me the well-told story over the controversial theory anyday.  The DaVinci Code made me want to reread all those wonderful Alistair Maclean novels (Ice Station Zebra, Guns of Naverone, etc.).  Bring back the Master Storyteller!
 I cannot challenge the view of the writer.
 If the purpose of reading fiction is to be entertained, then this book does this superbly.  Like most of the other readers, I couldn't put this book down and found myself staying up way past my bedtime to finish it.  I also agree with the comparisons to Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum."  Although, I think "The DaVinci Code" is infinitely more readable.  Eco writes Fiction like it is non-fiction and the reader can get bogged down in the all the details, distracting from the enjoyment.  I hate to say Brown is a dumbed down version of Eco, but I think that is the case.  And I applaud him for it.  I actually found the lack of character developement refreshing as I didn't want how they looked or whether they fell in love or not to get in the way of the story.  Admittedly, there are some big theoretical leaps in the way the history and facts are presented, but hey, it's fiction.  Try not to overanalyze it.
 This is a wonderful plot, and a step up from Dan Brown's previous works.  Although he keeps the same storyline -- Robert Langdon gets a call in the middle night, is drawn in to solve a grizzly murder with the help of a beautiful and smart woman -- this plot is rich in its historical facts and details, alluding to theology, art history, and symbology.<br/>The only drawback (pardon me for being so critical) is that Brown's writing style reminds me of books recommended for 9th grade readers. It is a simple style he uses, and his characters necessarily take on a 2-dimensional nature.<br/>The richness of the plot carries the day, however, and the simple and "young" writing tyle proves little more than a distraction.
 As I read this book by Dan Brown, I wanted to be drawn in, to examine and enjoy the puzzles, and to ride the chases to satisfactory conclusions. None of these things occurred. Instead I was plunged headlong into a piece of anti-Christian propaganda not unlike the anti-Semitic Protocols of the Elders of Zion. What Mr. Brown is selling is nothing more than Gnosticism in the guise of 'history.' In many places his characters reassure us that everything about the Goddess Cult and Mary Magdalene is 'historical fact.' Of course it is no such thing. The Gnostic gospels were written after the synoptic Gospels (upon which the 'Passion of the Christ' was based) and are far more likely to be inaccurate than are the traditional Christian canonical writings.<br/>The attempt by Mr. Brown to convince us that the goddess cult and the 'divine feminine' are somehow superior to the Christian and Jewish faiths is pitiful. Think a minute about the pagan cults of old: 1. They were murderous, brutal, and intolerant. Christians were slaughtered for centuries by these enlightened pagans who worshipped the 'goddess.' 2. Human sacrifice (along with cannibalism) was a hallmark of paganism and polytheism (I refer you to the Aztecs, the Incas, and South Sea Islanders to name only a few, and I'm not even talking about mass murdering pagans like Attila and Hitler, himself a worshipper of the Teutonic gods) 3. The ridiculous rituals carried out by the Pagans, described in the book as having this deep meaning and power, come off like stilted, neurotic, sex-obsessed Klan meetings only with people chanting and watching some old geezer have sex with a younger woman to 'unite' the feminine with the masculine and thus complete the human psyche. How can people who are so driven to dress up in party hats and chant and have sex supposed to be superior to anyone let alone Christians and Jews? They're just using their religion to party!<br/>As to the style of the book, how many times did anyone else count phrases like, "he reeled with this information," "The statement was mind-numbing" (I must have counted the use of 'mind-numbing' at least six times, 'reeling' another five). This is the worst kind of writing. Instead of letting us make our own conclusions about what is being said, Mr. Brown needs to tell us in case we miss the point. Horribly amateurish and very dull. This is a truly mediocre book. It has garnered far more interest than it deserves. What I worry about is that many people think that they are learning 'real history' here. It's a polemic, a doctrinaire screed dressed up like a thriller. But one thing it is not is history, unless you want to count all the myths and falsehoods concocted by haters of monotheism since Abraham left Ur and traveled to Canaan 2000 years before the birth of Christ. It is certainly a history of *that* if nothing else. On this basis alone - that we get to hear all the anti-Monotheist trash-talk that has been floating around for the past 4000 years - then this is a history. Otherwise, it's pure codswallop.
 Brown's narrative style is like great chocolate: rich, seductive, and seriously addictive. I read this one in a single day, and look forward to reading it again! I absolutely love Grail fiction, so finding this novel was like finding...well, you get the idea. The ideas may not be totally new, but they are presented in a gripping and fascinating manner. I'm sure that there will be knee-jerk reactions from many Catholics, but even though I am a Christian I found Brown's ideas about the role of political manipulation in the history of the Church to be intriguing food for thought. Here's to thinking outside the box!
 I enjoyed the book for the simple reason that it kept me engaged at all times.  Some of the details were really a bit silly, but it would be hard to find a more entertaining read.  I don't go in for the underlying conspiracy theory, but it was interesting how the author was able to weave together so many different threads to at least make the case.
 Ok, I'll admit it, I couldn't put it down! Honestly, from page one you're there - following Langdon everywhere. There's no way that you'll stop until it's all over and then you'll wish it wasn't! That's that kind of book. Aside from this,however, this book has no artistic value at all. Brown is a new Sidney Sheldon, that's all. Well... the new Sidney Sheldon who wans to be Umberto Eco but he can't.<br/>Recommended for a light, afternoon read.
 Yes, I really enjoyed this book. I read the Spanish version because it came easily into my hands (perhaps I'll read the original Language), and I finished it in only 4 days, from Tuesday evening to Friday night (note: I work 9 hours a day)... just couldn't leave it. The history don't have any weak or boring part... and the theme... is great!<br/>I give 4 stars cause in the last 2 pages the final get obvious, but anyway, this book worth my sleepless nights.
 If you have a good education you will find it hard to ignore this authors continuous factual mistakes. If I am too harsh, I can only say that I am not used to reading such poorly researched text. The fact that so many people find it so well researched makes me wonder about the sorry state of education in our country.<br/>I am on page 217 so far, and I am still trying to push my way though it. It is not easy, for it is also not terribly interesting.<br/>And the Silas character, what is he he supposed to be? , some kind of Catholic secret agent with a license to kill?<br/>Please. This book so far feels like a waste of time.
 It manages to explain the meanings behind so many things in our culture and life and completely rewrite the christian religion in the process.  It's just amazing.  He's taken essentially a massive amount of historical research and groundbreaking revelations and wrapped it around a very fast moving and exciting 'fictional' plot which keeps you going for more.  I read the book in two days I was so amazed by it.  The author is a genious.
 What's great about this book is that it is loaded with quality historic research and conspiracy theories that make you start to wonder about things you never thought of before!  This is the kind of novel that gets the intelligent person hooked and keeps them up all hours of the night just to find out what's going to happen next! I don't read a lot of novels, but this one is smart, exciting and just a lot of fun! A must read for those interested in The Holy Grail.
 This book is absolutely atrocious. Disregarding all the historical inaccuracies and pretending it is simply a fiction novel, (a novel idea, right?) the characters in this book are boring and stereotypical, the puzzles are less than intriguing, and the writing style could best be described as "a submission for 9th grade creative writing class."<br/><br/>I literally hated this book and everything about it. The only reason it has done so well is because people can't learn to leave well-enough alone. If the Catholic Church had said to themselves, "This book sucks, let's ignore it" then Dan Brown would still be languishing in obscurity. But that's beside the point I suppose. Anyway, if you haven't read this (and you are certainly in the minority) don't waste your time. Go read something worthwhile.
 I spent some time hearing that this novel was a bestseller. After some weeks, I watched a TV documentary at National Geographic about this story, the real facts and other issues that the author considered important to elaborate... this is where my curiosity start rising.<br/><br/>After comparing different editions, I chose the special illustrated edition since I really liked the demo I saw at Amazon. I found that this is beautifully illustrated indeed!! The pictures really help you get involved into the story, which is pretty well written though. Now I know why this is a great book so I recommend you this edition. I haven't finish the book yet, but so far, it got me at the edge.
 While the story is about a hunt for the grail, this book may be the Holy Grail ! It starts fast and hooks you right away. The story has many twists and turns as the heros take a fast trip in France and England. This intelligent mystery will keep you guessing (wrong) all the way through. One of the best books I have ever read and highly recommended.
 What to say? and Where to begin?<br/>First of all I foung 'The DaVinci Code" to be very entertaining. It is a fast paced thriller with lots of action, intrigue and puzzles. Yes it's lightweight stuff, and Brown isn't the most talented writer, but it's fun.<br/>Having already read 'Holy Blood, Holy Grail' some years ago, I was familiar with the main plot revelations already- but even so Brown kept me intrigued the whole way through.<br/>What it is not, is an accurate representation of history. And Brown's New-Agism had me rolling my eyes a lot. Although having said that I didn't find it to be as anti- Catholic as some have made out.
 I just finally got around to reading the book, after seeing the movie numerous times.  I enjoyed it, and do think I prefer the book to the movie.  It is a suspenseful and intriguing novel, and one that I will surely read again.
 THE DA VINCE CODE is a smooth book to read. The chapters are extremely short, which makes it convenient to find stopping points - not that you'll want to stop (this book is so engulfing). The flow of the story is really easy to follow, even though it often splits up, switching from scene to scene. Brown is masterful at telling the story from one viewpoint, and then switching and telling it from the eyes of a different character.<br/>I cannot give this book enough praise. Not only is it chocked full of information guaranteed to spark the imagination of the conspiracy theorist in anyone, but it is so complex, with intense and unexpected twists and turns all the way until the end. You will be guessing and trying to crack The Da Vinci Code the whole time. What's best, is that the person behind it all, is the one person I would have never even suspected, not even for a moment - and yet it makes perfect sense. I am blown away.<br/>Also recommended: LIFE OF PI by Martel, THE LOSERS' CLUB by Richard Perez
 I thought the book was easy to read, interesting and exciting enough for a regular guy to find it hard to put down. It looks like the 'intelligent' crowd considered this book poor in literary quality...heck, I just wanted a fiction book that captured my attention long enough to finish. This book did that and for a movie guy that doesn't read too many novels, that's hard to find. The harsher 'religous' critics must have read the book in a defensive posture. Relax, it's just a fiction novel not a revolutionary textbook. I question how many of the movie boycotters even read the book - it's fiction, based on truth or not is immaterial. Was anybody griping about the existence of talking trees in the Lord of the Rings? Take it as just a novel and enjoy a thrilling story.
 Not that this tome needs more praise, but the above is true. It took her mind far from the dreary hours of chemo and leaving 5 yr old twins behind to dream of Magdn and Jesus. We are both Catholics and adored this work. She tried to hold out for the movie but missed it by one day. We say she saw it as the in-flight movie on her plane to heaven. Some works bring entertainment and mystery to life. This one I will hold dear eternally.
 This novel was really really good.  This novel was good on 2 levels.  First this was an excellent adventure novel.  I liked the action with Langdon and Newvel.  I also liked how they got along together.  Secondly it was a first rate mystery novel.  I consider myself a little bit of a mystery buff and this novel was tops in that catagory.  Third this novel was almost like a history book.  I've always been a history buff.  From Adam and Eve to King Tut to Johnny Appleseed and all the men and women in between I love them all.  This novel made history more interesting than normal.  Alot of the history in this novel was unknown to me.  I don't know if I missed some of it in school or just didn't get to that stuff, but this novel taught me alot of history and I thought I already knew it all.  Oh well live and learn.  I'd like to know if Mr. Dan Brown has a background in history.  Maybe a Professor.  I guess any novel of any type of genre should teach you something.
 Many people seem to hate this book because it lacks flowery language and fails to tell us the meaning of life, like most "great works" of literary fiction.  However, this is merely criticizing an apple for not being an orange.  Dan Brown didn't set out to be the next James Joyce, Faulkner, Hemingway, Fitzgerald, etc.  Brown set out to write a fast-paced, bestselling page-turner, and who can deny that he reached his goal.  This book is a quick, fun read, keeping you guessing and speeding you along past twists and turns.  He raises intriguing possibilities with the way he's incorporated religious assumptions into this high-powered mystery thriller.<br/><br/>So, if you hate fast-paced thrillers, then do I even need to tell you not to read this book?  However, if you do read this book, then don't knock it simply because it doesn't try really hard to be the pretentious, high-brow stuff.  If you happen to prefer to sit around, sipping wine, listening to classical music, and reading esoteric fiction that you probably don't even understand anyways, then so be it.  But don't think that snobby book you're clutching is fantastic, simply because it's the consensus and you don't have enough of your own mind to think otherwise.
 Well after finishing the book, a mere ten minutes ago, I am riveted.  The only reading that I'm displeased with is what some, not all, but some of the other people have to say here on Amazon.  If you were to ask me, there would be absolutely wrong with making up a bit of history to suit your readers.  I have no idea as to whether Dan Brown has actually done this, but if he has, one must understand that this IS a work of fiction.  I haven't heard one squabble over how Harry Potter doesn't have enough facts in...and why is this?...because it to is fiction.  My honest advice, begin to read this book and then see if you can stop.  I read the sample chapter online, bought the book the next day, and today, five days later, all 454 pages are complete.  Ignore those who are obviously ignorant to a good novel, this is THE thriller of the year.  This book would get 6 stars, but Amazon will only let me put 5 for now.
 While I agree with some of the other reviews of this book in that the romantic story and forced suspense are mediocre at best, the resonnating fascination for me is the factual undercurrent that binds it all together.  This book speaks volumes to anyone who has ever questioned organized religion, and does more justice for DaVinci's genius than most art books I've read.  The truths Dan Brown shares in this book will leave you astonished, and good story or not, the possibilities he offers up about the Holy Grail are not soon to leave your conscious!
 When I first started reading the book, I was quickly absorbed in its pages and couldn't put it down. I loved the plot, learning more about the Holy Grail and all these societies that really existed. I can't say that Brown is an extraordinary writer literary style-wise, but his plot is brilliantly created.I have to say though, that I predicted some of the mysteries that he created and when I found I was right, I was ironically disappointed because that meant that he wasn't that great of a writer like I thought. However, this book is an overall great triller and thoguh I don't plan on reading any other of Brown's books, I definitely recommended buying this one! I did not give the book 5 stars just because I felt that the book could have been better written, not plot wise but with richer language.
 i loved this book, usually i'm not into suspense, but this really knocked off my socks.  I could not put the book down for a second.  And I'm a college student taking a full class load.  It was just amazing.  I highly recommend it to people who beleive there is more out there that we don't know, and want to see all the different things that most people never realize. The research that went into this book was incredible, and made me really understand how much work goes into a book like this one.  A must read for all levels of readers.
 Let me see. This man Langdon is awakened after midnight, groggy, and he and a host of other characters go on a wild goose chase. It seems to last longer than five hours, unless all these places in Paris and England are all around the corner from one another. In the dead of night all the characters are so lucid, open-minded and intelligent. Well, I guess they are all night people. In some ways the plot is far-fetched, in other places it hangs together. Sometimes the brain stuff is fun (Newton's missing orb). The characters never really develop in themselves, never become three-dimensional. They are all talking and listening and learning machines. Maybe Sophie is a bit human. Even Langdon's whack on the head cannot keep him from once-again postulating, reminiscing and informing. Everyone is so darn intelligent and no one is tired!<br/><br/>I am not even going to get into the stuff on the Catholic Church. Some rich non-Christians financed the hype that made this book and movie (thank you, hollywood) a tidal wave. Not because it is a good book, but because it tells credible lies about the Church. It has become fashionable to beat up on the Church for the past decade or so. And these non-Christians have the money to do it: on screen, in the newspapers, on the boob toob, all over the media. The serpent in the garden was named Dan Brown.<br/><br/>In the end it is pulp fiction, with a bad intent.
 Da Vinci Code was a global earthquake of the victory of literary freedom. As I started catching my breath another book called "My Brother Satan"-Book-1-"The Princess and the Serpent" was sent by a friend and it had daring higher perspectives spiritually and politically no one would dare to write.
 I agree with all of the readers who give this book 1 star (or less, if possible).  Many have observed that Brown obviously steals from the research of HOLY BLOOD HOLY GRAIL.  However, I have yet to see anyone state that the bulk of Brown's sex goddess theology (including gothic arch "vaginas") comes straight off the pages of THE TEMPLAR REVELATION by Lynn Picknett and Clive Prince.  Read these two books, and you'll see that Brown's so-called "research" took perhaps all of two weeks to compile.  Everything in Da Vinci Code is somewhere in these two books.  He is neither original, nor is he a good writer.  Baigent, Leigh, Lincoln, Picknett, and Prince, in my opinion, have grounds to bring a plagiarism suit against Brown.  I hope they do.  I hope they win.
 I have read much historical fiction/suspense, and this is certainly one of my "top five".  The clues, puzzles, double-entendres, and anagrams are brilliant.  The story grabs hold immediately and does not let go of the reader...I did not put the book down until I was finished, and was disappointed that the experience was over.  The Da Vinci Code is comparable to The Name of the Rose, An Instance of the Fingerpost, and other highly literate compositions.  It is clever, entertaining, and captivating... It is guaranteed to thrill.
 While its not that poorly written, this is by far the worst book I've ever seen when it comes to research. People concerned about condemning the church or setting up Mary Magdalene as a cult figure may enjoy it as a potpoiler, however if one is into somewhat real history this is a laugh.<br/>I just can't understand the fuzz about it, whether its from Christians or conspiracy believers. This book is just not worth the effort. People believing this stuff about e.g. church history or "80 gospels" will believe anything, without needing to check facts or alternatives. ...
 I work part time at Borders Books and had an opportunity to read an advance copy.  What a joy!  I love thrillers, art history and history in general.  This one has got believable characters, a great meshing of multiple plotlines, and a couple of nice surprises at the end.<br/>Thoroughly enjoyable.  I've been recommending it to Borders customers ever since.
 I read a brief excerpt from this book on a book site and it seemed slow and plodding, so didn't follow up and order it.  A friend recommended I give it another try and I am so glad I did.  This is a fascinating read - full of historical detail concerning Christianity and the Catholic Church.  I loved the explanations behind Da Vinci's religious paintings and the information concerning the Knights of Templar and Priory of Sion and their connection to the Holy Grail.  We have been passing this book around in my family and it's motivated some really interesting topics of discussion.
 I am not a typical book reader, especially for personal enjoyment.  As more and more peers of mine purchased the book and read it, they highly recommended it to me.  I thought I would give it a try, and thourogly enjoyed ever page from the first to the last.  It is very suspenseful and well written in every chapter and every page.  The plot continues to thrill and take serious turns persuading the reader to continue to read the book and ponder the events that surround the main character, Robert Langdon, and his female compainion, Sophie.<br/><br/>The basic plot of the story will make the reader discover that the quest for the Holy Grail is not a question of where, but a matter of what exactly the Holy Grail is.<br/><br/>Highly recommended and well written.
 The Da Vinci Code is a stunningly captivating and astoundingly well written novel. Robert Langdon, Sophie Nevue, Leigh Teabing, and the multitude of other characters appear to be truly existent and not simply wavering apparitions. As the journey unfolds, the pages of your book seem no longer like pages, but corridors, the letters become the figures moving around you. The theories, so carefully constructed, become reality. This epic tale will immerse your every being in, and encompass you in a sense of realism I have yet to find in any book, article, short story, or any piece of literature I have read thus far.<br/><br/>  Robert Langdon, an American symbologyst is attending a conference in France. Little does he know that what is about to happen will change his life; his very soul forever. A man named Jacques Sauniere invites him to dinner. Jacques Sauniere is the curator of the world renowned Lovoure art museum. Sauniere never shows up to dinner. Langdon soon finds out that Sauniere has been the victim of a grisly murder. Stripped naked, spread across the floor on his back with a bloody pentacle traced on his chest. Captain Bezu Fache heads the investigation to find Sauniere's murderer. His unknowing suspect is Langdon. Through a mist of clues and double meanings, Langdon flees with his counter part Sophie Nevue. They race not only to save themselves, but to reveal to the world several truths which would incinerate the Christian churches over night, but would liberate the souls of innocents killed. They must also fear and elude the servants of the church. The members of Opus Dei, a radical antidisestablishmentarianistically motivated group will stop at nothing to prevent the truth from coming out. History is not what it is perceived to be and the future is even less certain. With forces closing in like walls from all sides, this race for truth is truly a race against time, which will lead to a final plot twist so immense and unanticipatable, it will leave you dumbfounded and possibly confused. A truth will be revealed that could never have been thought possible before.<br/><br/>  The realism presented alongside the theories in this book combines to form a series of new ideas that bend the passages of what we know. Whether or not these theories are true is irrelevant. The realism, accuracy, and tedious attention to detail that has been applied to this book is unmatched by anything I have yet read. This book was a very quick read, not because of a low page number or low difficulty level, but because of the difficulty I found in putting it down. As pages become corridors, and letters become figures, and as you become enveloped in the story; it becomes real. Slowly the mist subsides, the letters are letters and the pages are pages. You wish you can go back to when the book was unread, but you know you can not. By remembering the books theories however, you may walk those corridors once more.
 I was completely unprepared for an exciting Ludlum-like adventure because all the folks that had told me about the book stressed the religious side.  The confused hero and heroine striving to understand the few clues tossed their way are here.  No fewer than two secret or sort-of-secret societies are also included here. The religious angle adds zest to the story but the story in no way depends on it.  We can only hope that the host of evocative little 'facts' (like Friday the 13th being unlucky because a pope tried to irradicate the Knights Templer on one or that 'villain' comes from 'villager') will someday be sorted through and we will be shown which are real and which fabricated - I'll bet most are real.  A note - if you don't take kindly to the Christian church tradition being scrutinized you may want to pass on this one.  Not to worry though about the Christian spiritual tradition, it comes through fine.  The four instead of a five is because of a relatively weak ending - they should have consulted with Ludlum.
 I always enjoy reading Dan Brown books. This book is filled with tons of historical facts and fiction.  It's keeps you on your toes and I didn't want to put it down as I was just so fascinated as to what was going to happen next.  I though the book was much better than the movie although the movie did do a good job but I would rather read the book again.
 Seldom in popular fiction do you find such intelligent writing as that produced by Dan Brown.  In addition to the superbly crafted mystery that we are privileged to enjoy it is as though you have attended a seminar on in this case art and religious iconology.<br/>As Brown states at the start of his book, "All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate. When I am reading a book by Dan Brown I never feel that I am wasting my time. You might ask if all this information bogs down the story and the answer is a resounding "NO".  Brown has the ability to take dry facts and present them in a fascinating way.  He also brilliantly weaves together many diverse threads into a coherent and intriguing plot.<br/>We first met Professor Robert Langdon in Brown's previous thriller 'Angels And. Demons'. This book continues our acquaintance with the compulsive and brilliant Langdon and introduces the equally clever Sophie Neveu.  She is the estranged granddaughter of the curator of the Louvre, who is the victim of a savage murder. As he lays dying he leaves a cryptic message for his granddaughter and Langdon to decipher. Thrown together by the events that have occurred they must combine their considerable skills to solve the complex mystery before it is too late.<br/>This book is a must read for mystery buffs and anyone who enjoys intelligent literature!
 The Da Vinci Code is a book about a Harvard symbologist named Robert Langdon.  Langdon has to solve a murder and interpret the mysterious signs around the mans body.  The symbols lead him to a journey to find the Holy Grail.<br/> Langdon is called to the murder scene, but learns he is a suspect.  He brilliantly escapes with the help of a French cryptologist named Sophia.  Together they must solve the mystery.  All while evading the authorities and other unknown enemies.<br/> The Da Vinci Code is one of the best books I've ever read.  It is filled with mystery, action, and deception.  The book is exciting and suspenseful and filled with surprises until the end.
 Everyone knows or heard about this book. It is a good history thriller, although there are far better ones out there.  Dan Brown has created an action-packed thriller with so much rich history and mystery that everyone who's into such things will like it alot. There are far-fetched scenes, but that's Brown's style. A book to be enjoyed.
 Yeah yeah, it's "fiction", I get it. And, sure, in fiction referencing pieces of historical fact, you have to take "fact" w/a grain of salt or at least check out whether or not it's completely factual for yourself. But that's all besides the point! I loved this book! I was one of the people who paid little attention to the book's debut and a friend recently recommended it to me, so I went to the library (not wanting to invest money in purchasing it if it wasn't any good) and grabbed a copy. I loved it so much from the start that I was excited to purchase the illustrated version.<br/><br/>Sure, the ultra religious are offended. Of course, critics point out any little flaw in Brown's research or interpretation. Again, it SO doesn't matter! Not only was this a plain old good story, but I learned a lot about the history of secret societies, art, math in nature - and it wasn't all from the book, but the book got me interested enough in all this stuff to do some further research (okay, so it wasn't hours spent in the stacks of a research library, it was Google searches, you caught me) on a lot of the information highlighted in the book.<br/><br/>If this was a fictional book about a fictional painting by a fictional artist, no one would question it (well, the whole religious aspect might still have people in an uproar...). So, if you're looking for a page turner by a guy who is really REALLY clever, check out this book. And I highly recommend the illustrated version in particular b/c you get to see so many places that Brown references. It made me want to jump on a plane to Europe right now. Enjoy - and if you're concerned about the factual basis, do some MORE reading and check out that stuff for yourself. Whether what you learn confirms or contradicts what Brown says, at least you'll be learning something, right??
 I think 1 star is a little bit too high a rating for this book that is a non-stop sermon on the merits of Goddess Worship.  We are told in the beginning that all of the facts are accurate.  Really, Mr. Brown, you couldn't find one real source to list for your gullible readers in a bibliography?  We are expected to ignore 4500 manuscripts of the New Testament pre-dating Constantine, just because your make believe Harvard professor tells us to trust him?  I hope your readers who have no previous knowledge of church history will be led to begin educating themselves.  I would suggest A Case For Christ by Lee Strobel, or The New Evidence That Demands A Verdict by Josh McDowell; two good historians rather than a novelist with an agenda.  Reading from their list of source materials will keep one busy for years and hopefully away from trash like The Da Vinci Code.  I would also recommend C.S. Lewis' Mere Christianity; there is a real Oxford University professor for you.  Funny how the fictitious professor never does find the evidence that everyone, even supposedly the big bad church knows exists.  I'm waiting for the sequel, Mr. Brown.
 If you don't think for yourself, don't bother with this intellectually and spiritually challenging work by Dan Brown.  This book is an highly provocative mind-opener, so you really have to be a courageous, free-thinking person  in order to really get into it and explore new territory.  It throws into question many of our comfortable traditions and truisms, our cherished and well-defended beliefs and practices(like going to church every Sunday and trusting the cliches coming from the pulpits above us).  I believe that this novel is a landmark on our journey toward greater self-awareness and freedom of intellectual exploration- but you have to be gutsy enough to shed a lot of mental baggage and inherited illusions to get there.  If you want to be brave and expand your consciousness, read this work. If you want to remain a sheep amongst the flock with the same color of wool over your eyes, then do not even venture into the first chapter. It will shake you to the foundations of your uncritical thought. Stay where you are. Pray. Smooze. Follow the dicta and the routines of your Church. The pure sunlight out here in Dan Bown-land can be blinding, especially for sheep.
 Although, some people say that this book is for eight grader. But I think it is not bad for people like me, who english is not so good. My sister's boss recommended to my sister and my sister recommended to me. They all love this book.<br/>  I went to the author website, and I found out something very interest. The painting "The last supper" that Peter was grapped the wrist of an extral hand which held a knife. And others whom were sitting next to peter, they were all facing the audience and their hand held up. The palm faced audience, Which seems like Leonardo wasn't painted an extral hand accidently.<br/><br/>  There are many different religions out there, each include their own culture and myth. Each claimed, they have their own creator for the world. Which one we suppose to believe? If there are really god out there. He supposed to stop the tragic of 9/11 or the earthquake.
 Sorry, I don't agree with all the hype.  I found the book boring at times and to be honest about half way through the book I realized I didn't care what happened to the main characters.  I only finished the book because everyone I know had read it...so I thought it would get better as I got to the end...<br/>It didn't!<br/>Some of the history of the Catholic church is interesting... but that is about it!<br/>Don't bother.
 Contrary to one reviewer's assessment, you don't have to be Catholic to find this book less than entertaining, enlightening, or both.<br/>What started out as a promising suspence thriller quickly degenerated into a strange theological lecture.  If I had been in the market for strange theological lectures, this might have worked for me--though even then I might be tempted to say "so what".  I'm not naive enough to say I don't know what the fuss is about, but though a devout believer in Christ, it doesn't affect me much--married, not married, childless, or not.  I believe in his divinity and the arguments offered were not particularly bothersome or convincing.<br/>But back to the fiction.  The technique of leaving the reader hanging throughout the novel over and over again, strikes me as a cheap sort of trick for a writer who can't maintain suspense in an honest sort of way.<br/>I must agree with those who critiqued the puzzles as sort of purile.  Someone gave me this advice once which I would like to pass on to Dan Brown.  Never try to write characters who are smarter than you are.<br/>All in all, though, I have gained one bit of unexpected entertainment from this novel.  I have enjoyed reading the reviews which are full of a passion and honesty entirely missing from the novel. So I add my voice to throng.
 Dan Brown's book has not one grain of historical fact in it!  Yet people are actually believing this stuff.  It's all fiction.  I also do not like the fact that the book continually bashes Catholics.  If this book was saying all of the Quaran was wrong this book would not be read by anyone.  Do not see this film.  Or read this book!
 Very, very ordinary.  A hodge-podge of infodumps of research and characters you don't learn anything about, it seems.  That, and a crud ending. The writing is just average. Religiously soft, I suppose, is why people like it a lot, or that a lot of people have never been exposed to or read anything at all like that ever before.
 Looking for an enticing thriller?  Well, after finally finishing the 489 pages of The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown, I must say that the novel was somewhat disappointing.  Brown's controversial novel, which exploits the differing views on the Bible and Jesus Christ, is one that would make conspiracy addicts go crazy.  The story follows the desperate search of Robert Langdon and Sophie Noveau across Paris and London to find the Holy Grail.  It is lengthy, filled with questionable religious data, and overall a mediocre piece of work.  But for those looking for a stimulating read who don't mind sifting through some flaws, this one is worth giving a shot.<br/><br/>The chase starts off well after the initial escape from the Louvre, and made me excited to discover where the mystery would take Robert and Sophie.  Then the glitches begin.  The constant switching of viewpoints is aggravating, as I found it annoying to finally settle into the lunatic albino character and then have to switch back to boring Langdon.  Yet Brown is successful in putting the reader constantly on edge as he tantalizes you with a revelation that can only be figured out after sifting through the next couple chapters.  His writing style either lures you in even closer or, in my case, causes frustration and ruins any interest.<br/><br/>Then there is the controversial side of the book: the role of Mary Magdalene in the life of Jesus and the corruption of the Church.  Each page bombards the reader with questionable historical and religious information.  Not to mention repetitive and tiresome.  If you are looking for a conspiracy, then this is a book to pick up.  At first, I was tempted to believe everything the novel told me, but eventually became fed up with how ridiculous and inaccurate some of Brown's claims seemed to be.  At the end of the novel, the search for the Holy Grail ends bluntly and makes one ask, "Was it really worth reading these 500 pages?"<br/><br/>Brown's thriller was most likely not meant to be a piece of literary genius.  It can never be in the first place with its lack of characterization, which makes Robert and Sophie seem one-sided and dull.  Even the great mystery itself involved clues that I was able to figure out before the characters could, which made me loose interest and made the mystery not so "great" anymore.  Don't get me wrong; the novel does a good job of dragging you along the streets of Paris and leaving you hanging and yearning for an answer.  It is a simple thriller that does its job, but its lack of depth and intellectual craft makes it no Mona Lisa.
 I stumbled onto "The Da Vinci Code" in a rather odd way. I had recently read "My Fractured Life" and loved it. I asked the person who had recommended that book to me for another recommendation. That recommendation was Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code". As I started reading I had many reservations. The reason I wanted a recommendation from my friend was because I had enjoyed "My Fractured Life" - a brilliant, slice of life trip into the hallows of Hollywood. "The Da Vinci Code" was nothing like it. This is a mystery, and a religious themed mystery at that. What had my friend been thinking? At 11 PM with no other new book to read though, what could I do but keep reading? I am so glad that I did.<br/>By the third chapter I understood why my friend had recommended it. "The Da Vinci Code" is a superb book. (I watch LAW &amp; ORDER which is a crime show, that doesn't mean that I can't also love FRIENDS and ER which are different genres. So it stands to reason that I can love books from two different genres.)<br/>This is more than a mystery. It is a brilliant book. Some mystery authors can only write mysteries. I think Dan Brown is a brilliant writer who just happens to choose to write mysteries.
 A Review of The Da Vinci Code<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is an exciting enigma filled with suspense, romance, and many interesting facts. The story starts out in Paris, France where symbologist, Robert Langdon, is on a business trip. While he is there, Langdon ends up doing much more than just a lecture. A murder has been committed in the Louvre museum and Langdon is one of the prime suspects.<br/><br/>After reading this fascinating novel, it has come to be one of my new favorite books. As well as being an extremely thrilling, suspense-filled book, The Da Vinci Code also contains many interesting facts that will not let you put it down. One of my favorite things that Dan Brown (the author) does is he makes most aspects of the novel completely unpredictable. This makes it difficult for the reader to pull their nose out of the book. I also really enjoyed the fact that Brown did not bore the reader with too many tedious details. He never described the characters too much. This allows the readers to use their imagination and decide for themselves what they think the characters should look like. I loved how this stimulating tale made me question all of the things that I had learned and believed in before. It kept me curious and really made me think about what I was reading. The Da Vinci Code made me see everything in a new light. It allowed to me to open up my mind and discover new things.<br/><br/>There were not many aspects of The Da Vinci Code that I did not enjoy. Most of the book was thoroughly enjoyable for me. One part of the book that I disliked was that Dan Brown seemed like he was trying too hard to make it unpredictable. For this reason, the book sometimes seemed a little unrealistic. I also found it frustrating that Brown sometimes used French without saying what it meant in English. Since I do not speak French, this made it difficult for me to understand some of the conversations. I would have also liked it if the book had pictures in some parts so I could get a better understanding of some of the Da Vinci paintings that Brown described. Though I did not enjoy every aspect of this exhilarating novel, I still enjoyed most of it and it is one of the best books I have ever read.<br/><br/>If anyone were to ask me what books I would recommend for him or her to read, I would recommend The Da Vinci Code first. It has become one of my new favorite books and it has inspired me in many ways. I give it five stars.
 This is definitely one of the greatest books I've ever read. It was so hard to put it down after starting it. But when I got about half-way thru it, I decided it was time for me to stop. Dan Brown is a brilliant man, but he needs to check his sources if he wants to slag the Catholic church like that. I've been a Caholic since I was a week old and it's a huge part of who I am. Most of the historical information presented in the book is false, but he seems to clearly state otherwise in the introduction. Opus Dei is real, but nothing like what happened in the book would ever happen in real life. I just find it deeply offensive that Dan Brown writes about another instance where the Catholic church is being humiliated, even though it is ficticious, in the midst of the sex-abuse scandal wew are facing right now. So overall, enjoy the story, but ignore the historical info.
 Yes, that is the fantastic premise of The DaVinci Code.  Dan Brown very cleverly mingles fact with fiction to create a highly suspenseful thriller about a super secret society dedicated to protecting an explosive revelation about Jesus and his relationship with Mary Magdalene.  But the incredible fascination over whether the premise of this work of fiction is true is very disturbing.  It's just a story, folks.  In the same way that the Left Behind series is nothing but a highly dubious fictionalized "prediction" of the Apocalypse, the DaVinci Code is just a fun read when your brain is tired.  But don't make anything more of it than that.  Please.
 To those people out there looking for "Truth" in this work.  All I have to say is...IT'S A NOVEL!  A WORK OF FICTION!!  Yes there are many truisms written in this work and yes there is controversy in this work. But let's not forget. It is NOT a Historical document.  It was written to entertain you!!!!  How many people out there read Tom Clancy Novels think that the stories actually happened?  Probably only the people giving The Da Vinci Code 1 star.  Works of fiction can't be true or false.  They are either entertaining or not.  The Da Vinci Code is a very intriguing novel.  The suspense keeps you turning page after page.  The protagonist and antagonist characters are rock solid and the story is riveting.  I wouldn't be suprised to see this one made into a major motion picture in the next year or two.
 An amazing read!<br/>I can barely come up with words that would adequately describe what I felt while reading this book. At just about every turn of the page, I gasped in awe. Every time I gasped, my husband would come running and ask me to read aloud what I had just read.  I now have a waiting list on people who want to read my book including my mother, husband and best friend.  I even got my coworkers, boss and hair stylist in on it.<br/>Even though this book is "fiction", the theories behind modern christianity and all that is related will shake you to the core.<br/>Although it upended everything I was ever taught, it all made perfect sense.  If you like to be challenged and like to learn then this is the book for you
 I was delighted to see this exciting novel move its way up the bestseller list.  "The Da Vinci Code" contains much truth in its fictionalized accout of, among other things, the Priory of Sion, one of the great mysteries of the Medieval world.  Although the author does not get all the facts straight, he certainly knows how to weave together a great story, and enough of the truth squeaks out as to reveal that much of the world's history has been distorted in order to favor the ruling authorities.<br/>I really hope this book becomes a movie.  In the meantime, if you want to read a non-fiction book that truly exposes the conspiracy behind the scenes purported by the power elite against the "little people," I highly recommend the excellent and well-researched "The Christ Conspiracy:  The Greatest Story Ever Sold" by Acharya S.  Othre books of the same genre, which demonstrates that much of this so-called "history" is fiction, include "The Jesus Puzzle" and "The Jesus Myteries."  I find, however, that the Christ Conspiracy is the easiest to read and understand.<br/>Three cheers for Dan Brown for not only broaching important and controversial subjects, which can only help in the improved consciousness of mankind.
 Definitely worth the read! Wasn't too sure about the book since it sounded like an odd topic &amp; heard about the movie but it's definitely a classic &amp; definitely my new favorite! The movie is horrible yes, but the book is such a page turner you'll binge read. I even went ahead &amp; bought the sequel already. Everyone needs to read this book, it's a thriller, mystery &amp; a little romance all in one
 I find it remarkable how many bad reviews this book still seems to get and I suppose it makes sense. The more people who read a book the more opinions you have and we all know what they say about opinions. Mine is but one more...<br/><br/>In my humble opinion the popularity of this novel alone says a whole lot about its quality and about those of us who have read it. I loved Stephen King's judgment of a good novel, in his book On Writing - `it's in the story.' Dan Brown wrote an intriguing story that put a spot light on topics that we were interested in, ready to learn about and compelled to discus. His characters are smart enough to attract us and yet clueless enough to relate to. And in the end, the message is positive and attainable.<br/><br/>It's a wonderful adventure with guts. I loved it. Dan Brown ventured boldly into a realm fiction writers often fear to wander. His literary expertise lays in his courage and ability to tell a good story.  It's a hard act to follow and I feel honored to have had my book "the 100th human" compared to it.<br/><br/>-Chris Fenwick<br/><br/>author of "the 100th human" (available on Amazon)
 This book is a masterpiece of poorly written scribble. I cannot understand how this book sold so many copies. The only guess I can venture is that American's watch too much tv and are unaware of any decent literature. I really can't understand what our schools must be teaching if this is what the American people find enjoyable. Brown has outdone himself in his shaky understanding of religion. I thought his physics and religion references in Angels and Demons were bad, but this is an insult to the intellect!
 This wasn't the best book I've ever read, but being a college student and having facts and figures stuffed into my head day in and day out, an easy read was definitely welcome. I agree that the character development and dialogue are sub-par, but the book was hard to put down and fascinating, regardless of how accurate it is. However, I never got the impression that the author was trying to prove any of the theories in his book to be fact. Did it ever occur to any of the "art historians" or Dr. So and So's that the point of Mr. Brown's research may have been strictly to accurately portray an existing theory, not necessarily prove said theory? That perhaps Mr. Brown simply found the Holy Grail theory interesting and thought it would make for a good story? Lighten up! He wasn't writing an anthropology book, it's FICTION, and fiction involves unrealistic situations and half truths. If people can't figure that out, that's their problem, not the author's. If people are losing their faith over this book, then obviously their faith was not that strong to begin with. I fail to see how this book is a bash on Christianity. The idea that the Catholic Church as an institution has been wrong and made mistakes in the past is no secret (placing Galileo under house arrest for promoting a slightly more accurate model of the universe, for example). The idea of Jesus being married isn't that much of a stretch, since 30 y/o single men were a rare phenomenon in Jewish society during Jesus' lifetime. The author is not stating that Christianity should be destroyed. While the Grail theory presented in the book would certainly create upheaval in real life, in the novel the Priory decides not to release any information to the public. If Dan Brown truly hated Christianity or the Catholic Church, you would have seen its downfall in the book.<br/>To sum up my rant, this is a shallow, easy but fun read, not to be taken literally (or seriously) because it's FICTION. Enjoy it for what it is.
 I don't really get into reading books very often. Never seems to hold my attention, but this book was great. Could not put it down. The book writes much about symbolism and refers to many works of art so the illustrations help considerably. If you liked the movie, you will love the book. There is much more detail to learn of.
 I read this book back in July.  It peaked my interest so much that I took a trip to France and Italy in September to look at the things mentioned in the book.  I was in awe seeing the paintings by Leonardo, for the first time. You come away feeling that you have learned something. Not many novels do that.<br/>After this book, I read all his previous ones.  And I highly recommend them, especially "Angels &amp; Demons", another exellent Robert Langdon's adventure, which inspired me to travel to Italy to see the Vatican for myself.<br/>I can't wait for his new book.
 I enjoyed this Book, immensly. I believed it to be well written, and fast pace. It is a notch above regulat fiction because it has a point. The book was well researched. The plot involves and ancient old secret society: the priory of sion, the conservatice catholic opus dei, fighting over the greatest cover-up in the history of the world. The Holy Grail, is not as believed jesus cup. The author is a christian, and at Dan Brown's website a bibliography is included. As to wether or not the disciple at the left hand of Jesus, in the painting of the last supper, is clearly a woman. Anyone who claims other ways really should take a look at it. Please do not dismiss this as Anti-Christian, but accept it as enlightnening and if true, an intriguing theory.
 This was the most fun I have had reading a book in a long time.  A really tightly written murder mystery wrapped in an enigma.  Great characters, fast action (454 pages and most of the story takes place in about 18 hours), plot twists to make your head spin, Art, Religion, History . . . Sorry, I have to get back to reading it AGAIN!
 What amazed me about this book was the fact that Brown uses the thriller genre, where every chapter ends in a cliffhanger that leaves you breathless, but it's jam packed with fascinating historical nuggets, ALL of which serve to drive the plot and keep the reader guessing. It's a dozen puzzles within a dozen puzzles, but all of them clearly logical and based on ancient paintings, writings and historical facts. Just when you think he's said something ludicrous, you go to the painting or edifice named and it's all there.<br/>And though he demonstrates how much of the Church is based on myth -- all thoroughly documented -- he manages to do it without being sacrigilous or mean-spirited. Once I started reading, I could not stop and had to finish it. A perfect blend of pop adventure and deeply intellectual research. It all fits and it doesn't cheat. Brilliant.
 I keep telling people: it's a work of fiction. Gladly, the author never claims to be anything else but fiction. He confuses a lot of historical elements and passes them for facts by using the lecture style of the character. For example, all he says about the Gospels is completely inaccurate: he gives the impression that the 4 Gospels known to all and all others were written at the same time and then the "church" selectively chose the four. History doesn't agree. We have no proof. He even claims that Jesus wrote "Q." This document, "Q" is hypothetical (it's mostly a scholarly construct). As for the "Da Vinci" stuff, I am not learned enough to respond. For crying out loud: let's keep in mind that IT IS ONLY FICTION, poorly written, but still fiction.
 This book was boring. I don't get the hype. The concept takes a controversial view of religious topics, and then executes the concept poorly. I don't think the writing was very good. Being controversial for the sake of it doesn't make a good book.
 I thought this was an incredible book, and the sheer amount of people that said it was so full of historical inaccuracies just made me want to read it more. IT'S A FICTIONAL BOOK! The fact that so many people are griping about its historical inaccuracies is a true testament to how well it's written. These people are acting, like it's claiming to be a nonfiction book!<br/>I've read the true facts of the Da Vinci code, and for the amount of facts in the book it's surprising of how many ARE true. This book is still a wealth of knowledge; from religious symbolism to the mathematical golden ratio you learn a lot reading it. Plus, its gripping. the storyline keeps you guessing and makes you proud when you figure something out before the characters do.<br/>I enjoyed Angels and Demons more, but this still goes on my great book category
 Dan Brown had big ambition to do the impossible: to rewrite history - to rewrite everything about Jesus and Christianity ever recorded in the last 2000 years. And he is not even a historian yet he tried hard to pretend to be one. In an interview with ABC News Special aired on November 3, 2003, he even made such a rediculous cliam when he said if he would rewrite a non-fiction about Jesus, he would not change anything which he has already written in the Da Vinci Code. I could hear his voice was shaking and see him sweating. At that time, Dan Brown would definately fail a lie detector test.<br/><br/>Mr. Brown has shown that he based his book on some hoax which have long been declared as pure lunatic fancination.<br/><br/>By writing this book, he challenged the wisdom and intellgence of billions of people thru the history and declared that everyone else was wrong and only he was right. Does that sound familiar to you? But he is not even historian and the only interest he had in history is to make a name for himself and to make him rich. Is everyone else telling a lie while Dan Brown is the only person telling the truth? The last time I saw a person made a similar claim was in a psychiatric hospital during a visit.<br/><br/>Dan Brown based his book on a supposedly secrete organization, Priory of Sion, and he claimed that the organization was in existance since 11 Century. But Priory of Sion was no secrete and it had nothing to do with protecting Jesus bloodline. It was a club in France only established in 1954 and its objective was no more than promoting low budget housing. Then a French fugitive Pierre Plantard used this club's name to claim that he was in the bloodline of Jesus and many French kings. He also faked a lot of documents. This Pierre Plantard who had criminal record and had been jailed earlier later admitted in court that he fabricated the whole scheme about the Pierre of Sion. Mr.Brown, I can see you sweating face, again.<br/><br/>I am not suprised that someone like Brown would write a book to defame Jesus. A lot of people thru history have done that and even when Jesus still lived. But I was really suprised to see how easily people can be cheated. The majority of people seemed only too eager to accept any rubish to defame Jesus and Christianity, and they would never hear a thing when you tell them Dan Brown is NOT their hero and Da Vinci Code is based on pure hoax.<br/><br/>The great French writer Hugo said that the entire English literature was based on one man's books, which is Shakespear's books, but the whole England was based on only one book: the Bible. When we have rid of all the treasure of the West which our democratic societies are based upon, we have nothing left but trash like Dan Brown's Code.<br/><br/>Can we believe Dan Brown who declared that sexual intercourse with a group of people is a holy seremony for a supposedly Christian society, the Priory of Sion? Dogs would know better, Mr. Brown.<br/><br/>I am also suprised why there is no Christian organizations to sue Dan Brown who based his book on the hoax and fabrication by the French criminal and fugitive Pierre Plantard when he declared that everything in his book is true to history?<br/><br/>I do see the difference between Dan Brown and the French fugitive Pierre Plantard from whom he borrowed the concept of Priory of Sion: one of them made the desprate hoax and was sent to prison; the other became a great writer of our time. Who said that a small lie has a little impact, but a great lie has great impact?
 After reading some of the other reviews for this book, I just had to chime in too.  First, the book.  I found it engrossing and highly addictive, and had a hard time putting it down, even to tend to my own family.  It is a fast read, and grabs the reader's attention from the very first page.<br/>The facts of the book are NOT at all imagined.  I find it hilarious and ignorant that review writers such as Ms. Low would foist their own, deluded notions of the "truth" of Christianity onto the rest of us when they're supposed to be writing a book review.<br/>Through my own research, I have found that while the "seasoning" or the loose story line that the plot falls around, is Dan Brown's own fiction, the "meat" of the story, the legend of the Holy Grail, and symbolism involving the Rose and the Chalice, and the accounts of the true purpose and organization of the Knights Templars, is quite accurate and astonishing.<br/>It is also ironic that in writing a book review about a book that talks about the Bible's "truths" as being only as "true" as the collaborators of the bible wanted them to be, that other reviewers would wretchedly refer to the Bible as the "real truth."<br/>By the way, Ms. Low, how are you certain that the Gospel of Phillip is make-believe?  I thought you said your degree was in Art.  Not only that, but did you know that Messiah and Saviour are nearly interchangeable in the Aramaic texts?  Although, since they both refer to a wonderous prophet of the Hebrew God, I don't know how you can assert that the use of the word Saviour inherently implies that Christ WAS indeed a deity.<br/>The fact is, for anyone who will not be blinded by their own faith, the novel is excellent, and can be used as a springboard for one's own research.  For those that are too blinded by the 1700 year old veil of Christian "truth" read it for fun, then put it aside.
 Being a man of worldly travel stature and reading the book from an objective point of view(that means non-bias).  I felt that this book was in a whole minus the conclusion worth the 25 dollars I paid for it.  This is with out a doubt one of those books that you cant put down.  Each chapter leaves you wondering, what happens next? or I cannot believe that just happened! However the conclusion I found less then up to par... read but do not expect the finish of a life time.  Priests and historians beware, I have researched both views for almost 3 months and niether side will be completely content with the contents of this book. Catholics because of some of the ideals, and historians because of the elaboration of ideas... overal this book should be read and disscussed though.  It puts a question into light... what would we do if modern day christianity tottally vanished.  In my opinion, CHAOS.  read the book mates.
 The Davinci Code is a marvel of writing.  Meticulously researched, it will leave the reader with much to "discover" on his own.  The way Dan Brown puts everything together into a coherent tale is truly astonishing.  If you've ever tried to create a crossword puzzle, you can appreciate how much effort was put into this book, making all the pieces fit together perfectly.  Truly amazing and highly recommended.
 A great read!<br/>I truly enjoyed reading this It's a rarity these days to find an author capable of such good storytelling. The story is well written and very engaging, and despite the fact that it lost some momentum in the middle, I found myself eagerly turning pages to find out what would happen next. All in all, though this is not quite a perfect novel, it comes close.
 I had to read it because of all the hype. I gave it two stars because it was entertaining, at least. It was a page turner and every chapter ends on a cliff hanger. But the story is formulaic and the characters are made of cardboard. It is an ok book if you want something mindless and purely entertaining, just don't expect it to "resonate" with you and stay with you.
 I give it 2 stars because I actually finished it.  With a final sigh of relief I turned the last page and closed the book for the last time.<br/>Plot holes, cheap tricks of suspense, wooden characters. You name it--the logic is faulty and sometimes downright weird. Oh, and let's not forget the author's not so hidden agenda with which he likes to wack the audience upside the head excruciatingly about every page or so.<br/>This is a strange theological and semi-historical exploration thinly disguised as fiction.  Brings to mind "The Celestine Prophesy" another new age book that, to the credit of "The Da Vinci Code"  I was not actually able to stomache long enough to finish.  But it was a best seller too.  Go figure.
 This was one very famous, very interesting book and movie. I am not sure why people forgot all that. It is like roller coaster where you enjoy so much but the fun is not sustaining. Lot of people have been debating about facts in the book, I will say if the intention was facts then it would not have been popular but rather utterly boring book. Most of us know quite well how many hoops we have to go to make our kids read religious books if Bible/Quran are factual. Dan wrote in a very interesting way some pretty nice mind teasers and it gets pretty high marks on that scale. If you enjoy challanging yourself outside work then this book is a must read.
 Whether you believe all the details or not, this book is definitely worth the read! The "facts" are very intriguing, and I found myself grabbing my Bible, and doing google searches in order to take a closer look at many of DaVinci's works of art. For that aspect alone, it's worth the read....great mind-stimulation!<br/><br/>The build-up throughout the book and the character development are excellent, but I must admit that I was disappointed in the ending (the only reason I give this book a 4 out of 5). I guess I was expecting something more spectacular based on what I'd read up until that point. To the author's credit, the book does leave much room for personal interpretation. All of that said, I would highly recommend this book to others.
 I enjoyed the book and found the premise to be facinating.  Good thing, because the details are tough to get through--very technical in some aspects.<br/>Unfortunately, the hype surrounding the book somewhat spoils it.  Even more unfortunate, Dan Brown (author) does not draw a clear line between historical fact, his own hypothesis, and sraight out fiction. The reader, will need to read all of this with a grain of salt.  The storyline has just enough elements of truth to be plausible, but not probable.  Remember, IT'S FICTION!
 This was the ultimate read for me. Religion and symbology combined to make an exciting cluefinding adventure...and I even figured out some of the clues! This book contains so much information from books that I have studied over the years; I commend the author for his obvious extensive research and fact-finding. It's always a pleasure to read fiction based on fact. Read it yourself and enjoy.
 This book is full of falsehoods. Anyone who has read the Bible knows that. Jesus did not marry. He was without any sin. I believe that this novel--even though it is fiction to an extent--is influencing the readers against God. That is something this nation cannot afford. If we turn from God, who will save us when we are in danger of falling?<br/><br/>I would not recommend this book to anyone.
 "I am Robert Langdon, and I have just uncovered the biggest conspiracy of all time." Robert Langdon has been pulled into a conspiracy that traces back the biblical times. He and a French cryptologist, Sophie, have found themselves tangled up in a mystery that could change the world. Confused but curious, the two of them follow clues to uncovering the secret.<br/><br/> The DaVinci Code is an action/adventure novel with a lot of mystery. It is part of the Robert Langdon series, which includes Angels and Demons, Deception Point, and Digital Fortress. This is the best book that I have ever read and I couldn't put it down. It has to do with religion, secrecy, and mystery to name a few themes.<br/><br/> The DaVinci Code is for young adults and older readers. Dan Brown is a great writer and will make you want to read more of his books after The DaVinci Code. If you want a book that will keep you thinking, The DaVinci Code is definitely for you.<br/><br/>-Matt Gigliotti
 I wasn't so sure about this book when I was contemplating getting it. I had never read any of Dan Brown's novels and I assumed it was going to be another 'run of the mill' mystery, but I was incredibly surprised! This was such an original and thought out and researched work that the factual elements alone kept me reading. But when you add in the actual story, I couldn't read it fast enough. If you are looking for something more in a novel than your typical Grisham, Patterson, Connelly, etc etc etc books, you've got to give this one a shot.
 Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code features Robert Langdon, last seen destroying the Vatican Library in Brown's <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Angels-Demons/dp/B000FBJFSM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Angels &amp; Demons</a>, reading the earlier title isn't a prerequisite to enjoying this one; Da Vinci Code stands alone. Like all Dan Brown books, this one is a page-turner that is hard to put down. Full of twists and turns at a breakneck pace as the search for the Grail becomes a simultaneous flight from attack. It is also a title that can be re-read, packed with interesting trivia that bears re-examination; while it is a fun read, full of fast-paced action, there are elements of the novel that themselves might serve as the subject of scholarly analysis; this title defines intellectual thriller.
 I loved, loved, loved this book.  I thought the plot was wonderful, I cared about the characters &amp; best of all I learned about things I never knew.<br/><br/>Mostly I'm writing this to let others know that if you are going to buy this book, you might as well get this illustrated edition.  Because through out reading, I constantly had to get online and look up art &amp; locations in France, etc.  This book will make it so much easier to really get in deep with what he's saying &amp; not have to take the breaks to do your own image research.
 I am not a religious person, so the religious content of this book did not offend me in the least. I am more appalled at the poor writing. The prose is clunky. The characters are bland. The situations they find themselves in are corny. And even I figured out the first anagram in 30 seconds...and anagrams are certainly not my strong suit.<br/><br/>While I can certainly see the appeal in this breezy read, I can't understand the excitement. A whole week of specials devoted to it on National Geographic? Please.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favour, borrow this from a library if you must, but don't waste your money on something you'll finish in a day and forget about in a week. Try doing some research on your own, you'll find it much more enjoyable.
 Any book I really like has to have a great start that gets me in to the book, an interesting story, and then I'm hooked. I basically get annoyed to have all that, and then a dud ending. This book is so interesting all the way through and then - DUD! It doesn't just have a weak ending, it has an ending that seems to be for an entirely different book.  I was left wondering why I spent the time. Skip it.
 I just finished the book and it was absolutely spellbinding...until the end. I felt let down because the writing seemed to fade out when the climax was about to happen. There should have been more passionate scenes in the end. As a writer myself, I fully understand how this can happen. Novel writing is not easy, by any stretch of the imagination. I know how it feels when you get to the end of a manuscript and all you want to do is write the final lines and the words "The End"!!! All in all, it was a great book and again, Dan Brown knows how to tell a story! Worth reading, whether you're a Christian or not.<br/><br/>Joyce Marie Taylor-Author and Poet
 "Many have made a trade of delusions and false miracles, deceiving the stupid multitude."<br/><br/>-Leonardo Da Vinci<br/><br/>Dan Brown prints this Da Vinci quote halfway through this surprisingly bad book.  Although it supposedly refers to the Bible, the beautiful irony is that it describes The Da Vinci Code perfectly.  If I didn't know any better, I'd say Brown was trying to be cute here.<br/><br/>But the book is so poorly written that it's impossible to believe Brown is capable of something as stylistically sophisticated as self-parody.  If I could only have a 10-Euro Vatican Bearer Bond for every time "Sophie's jaw dropped", or "Langdon smiled", or someone had a revelation in italics!  I'd be half as rich as Dan Brown.<br/><br/>Much of the Code reads like a bad screenplay.  The characters are flat and unbelievable.  A Harvard Symbology professor and a Cryptology expert stumped by one-star difficulty GAMES Magazine puzzles?  The descriptions are limited to the physical, and every action and behavior is completely spelled out for the reader in triplicate.  Nothing is left to the imagination.<br/><br/>The story is actually pretty compelling, but the execution is so damn terrible that it's uninspiring.  12 hours spread out into 450+ pages and nearly 100 chapters is not exactly fast-paced.  Compared with something like The Bourne Identity, it's slow and tired.  Furthermore, the mythology lacks any sort of depth.  Most of it reads like a kindergarden teacher explaining the alphabet to 5-year olds.<br/><br/>If there's one redeeming feature of The Code, it's that it has served as inspiration for non-readers to take a break from bad TV, movies and video games to favor bad books instead.  In my mind, that's progress.  Seriously.
 Newsweek recently described this novel as a "blockbuster thriller full of religious mumbo-jumbo and cracker barrel art history." I couldn't agree more. I read this book at the recommendation of my grandmother, who considered it to be a brilliantly crafted work of literature backed by scholarly research. However, I discerned immediately that a novel of such popularity in the masses could not possibly be TOO literary. Our public in general does not like to think. And the book matched my expectations. Brown's prose is utterly graceless and pedestrian, dispelling any pretense of intellect or refinement. Brown does not even make a minor attmept to develop his characters. Langdon and Neveu are cardboard cutouts of "good guys," the pathetic caricature of a British twit made me burn with embarrassment for the author, and the stupid albino giant is just plain laughable. The plot, while undeniably a page turner, is full of inconsistencies and at times is just absurd. The (plagiarized) theories that serve as the backbone of the novel are interesting for a moment but quickly lose credibility in Brown's attempt to relate them to everything in the world.  The Little Mermaid as the Sacred Feminine? Give me a break. Brown insists on whacking the reader over the head repeatedly with the same old revelation from a hundred pages ago. And the climax, in which he reveals the least suspicious character to be, in fact, the villain, is so sloppily contrived and cliche that I had to laugh. Dan Brown must truly believe  himself to be writing for an audience of imbeciles. And, given the acclaim and hype that has rushed in from the public, I would have to say that his assumption is correct.
 The prologue was fairly interesting and even a little exciting. However, I didn't get much further than that. After two more pages I was bored out of my mind and put it down. It was on my shelf for about a year or so before I decided to donate it. To this day its one of only about three of four books that I've started reading and never finished eventually.
 The author weaves together secret societies and conspiracy thoeries and anti-catholic rhetoric in order to devieve us into thinking that Jesus had a wife and child.<br/>Lets analyze the lies here.  Opus Dei is a 'secret' society, in many ways a catholic rival to the masons, meant to promote catholic power among the wealthy and powerful of the worlds catholic nations.  Yet the fact that it is mysterious doesnt mean that it preaches false idols or that it is covering up the 'Truth' about jesus being married. Opus Die is simply catholic reaction to a world increasingly secular.  the author claims this organization is involved in something vile, yet he shies away from saying exactly what.<br/>The 'secret' organization that Da Vinci may have been a member of didnt have any knowledge of the life of Jesus, it based its 'theories' on cult pracices that have no basis in reality.<br/>In the end this book is a great fascinating tale of suspense, but it is a fictional book.  Lots of people including ABC news have been duped into beleiving this book has 'truth' to it when it is based on NO EVIDENCE whatsoever.  The bible and Josephus are the only documents that speak of the life of Jesus.  In neither work is Mary magdelane spoken of as a wife of Jesus.  In no place is mary magdelane not a prostitute.  The bible is clear on this.  If you dont beleive the biblet hats fine, but you cant just make up history whern no text or evidence exists.<br/>Just because Da Vinci painted a fresco doesnt mean anything.  Did Da Vinci know jesus?  No.  did Da Vinci have access to 'secret' documents that were written in the time of Jesus?  No.  All Da Vinci had was a secret society with a tradition  that had no basis in history and contained no evidence.  A good book but please realize its not true and that its not history, its a NOVEL!
 What is all the fuss about? At best this novel is a mindless page turning thriller. I admit the preface is intriguing, but the writing was so rudimentary I found myself wishing it was in comic book form...then at least I'd have a better description of the characters.<br/><br/>I probably wouldn't have such a problem with this book had it not been masqueraded as 'the novel of the century' or 'the best book ever'.<br/><br/>The only thing this novel left me wanting to do was tally the amount of times Mr. Brown used the word 'aura' and compare it to the amount of times he used the word 'the'...admit it, you're curious too.
 Although I did thoroughly enjoy reading The Da Vinci Code, with its twists and turns, I found Dan Brown's book "Angels and Demons" to be far superior.  Having read it prior to reading The Da Vinci Code, it's interesting and intriguing to see some of the themes intertwine between the two novels.  The Da Vinci Code is certainly worth reading, but do yourself a favor and read "Angels &amp; Demons".
 This book is everything a good novel should be. It's smart, beautifully written, paced with amazing precision, filled with action and bursting at the seams with religious insight and theories that have rarely seen such public attention. Although the latter is heavily borrowed from other source, Brown presents them in a story that compells you to pay attention through a page turning plot and full, dynamic characters.  Brown's novel hits the ground running from the first page and draws you into the mystery of an ancient society and the secrets they were charged to keep.  Throughout the story the main characters are struggling against time to decode the multiple messages left for them by the recently murdered curator of the Louvre. One of the great aspect of the novel is the reader own involvement to solve the riddles and codes. You are constantly toying with your own ideas of what the solutions could be. Most of the obstacles in The Da Vinci Code have solutions far beyond traditional logic and crytological methods. In fact, the relation of the answers to the character is one of the things that endears readers to the main characters of this novel. A few of the riddles are actually so easy that they discredit the characters (The bank code? Come on) but this is certainly very rare.  Brown gracefully treads a fine line between fact and conjecture by constantly enforcing the fact that while the arguments in the book are extremely persuasive, they are arguments made by characters who firmly believe in what they are searching for. Truly and amazing book.
 This is my first book by this author and I was really drawn into his story. This genre is a little out of the norm for me; I usually read Sci-Fi/Fantasy books. This one came recommended and I took it with me while on vacation. Near the end of the book, I could not put it down and was up into the wee hours of the morning reading it (even though I had a long drive ahead of me). I was fortunate enough to be traveling overseas and was able to see Roslynn in person within a few days. I loved how this author used many facts in his story to weave a web of mystery and suspense.<br/>I am glad I was introduced to another genre of writing and I look forward to reading more of his books.
 I didn't see the movie, but this book is written and begs to be turned into a Hollywood blockbluster. Don't expect to read a great piece of literature here. It's entertaining in a cheesy way. Characters are like cartoon characters - they don't seem like real people.<br/><br/>If you are looking for a "light" read perhaps on your next vacation then you probably will not be disappointed. It is fast paced fluff if that is what you're looking for. It has little educational value. If you just want to keep up with pop culture (which is why I forced myself to read it) then consider watching the movie - it will take less time.
 I am simply tired of the pseudo-intellectual snobs reviewing this book with an overly critical eye for literary value. Of course The Da Vinci Code isn't going to win a Pulitzer Prize, but who cares? Dan Brown has created a wonderful, formulaic novel that captivates the reader from beginning to end--and isn't that why we picked this book up in the first place?<br/><br/>For those of you who do want to read a literary masterpiece, I have a little advice: Don't look in the paperback best-sellers section of your local bookstore! Instead, enroll in an English course at your local university, or simply read books like The Castle of Otranto or Tom Jones in you free time. But whatever you do, don't purchase a book like The Da Vinci Code and expect it to be A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius. That's just silly.<br/><br/>As for the whole Mary Magdalene debate: If this book shakes the foundations of your faith and makes you seriously reconsider your religious beliefs, then you are one pathetic Christian.
 This is one of the stupidist books I have ever come across.  I have no idea why people raved about it.  It has nothing to do with true Christianity or what Jesus is all about.  I am a Christian and I consider it blasphemous--to suggest that Jesus had a wife and link his purity to such practices of cult sex is nauseating.  This book has nothing to do with what true Christianity is all about--it's not about symbols and dark secrets.  It's about light and hope and a love that cannot be manipulated.  I don't think Dan Brown really understands Christianity.  There are many better ways to spend the precious moments of your life than to waste it on this book.
 I have read your writing, DaVinci Code and Angels &amp; Demons, and I wish to put forth my two cents. I realize that you, even if you do see this "letter" on MySpace, will shrug it off like many of the others that give your book a one star rating...that you will label me just another "fundamentalist Christian" while rolling your eyes. You have your freedom to do such, just as I have my freedom to examine and say why I disagree with your works. As a writer, these two books are in themselves poorly written because, for the very sake of space, they follow the same scenario, the same plot...different places same storyline, same "plot turns," same "actions and reactions." There really were no surprises between one book and the next, and I am quite certain that the next book in this "series" of slandering God, we'll again see the same plot and character development already seen in your works. Now really, please, if you call yourself a writer stop using the same exact style of chapter to chapter plot devices, branch outward. You are just as bad as some of the horror writers and romance writers that we see out there today...a sad fact that scars the beauty of the printing press.<br/><br/>Now that I have that out of the way, speaking the plan truth toward your writing, I want to say something about the liberalized theology you've placed in your works...liberalized theology that you say speaks true and makes your books (or so you say) truthful. I understand completely why you say you believe in such a way. I have read your works, your reasons, and I have also read the dubious source materials that you say back up what you wish to explore in your books. Gnosticism and liberalized Christianity/Jesus Seminar style of beliefs. As a seminary student myself, I have been exposed to such writings and I really have to say that the "evidence" is about as heavy as a helium balloon in a hurricane. What you say is evidence holds no truth, no concrete foundation...and it isn't just bad history, but it is bad theology...still, in this day and age when and where traditional Christianity is hit at by Christianphobics such as yourself, John Sponge, Marcus Borg, Elaine Pagels, and the other of that kin.<br/><br/>Your type goes from one end of the "new age"/"historical" spectrum to the other-from saying as you say, that Jesus was a goddess worshiper and that he had children with Mary Magdalene to saying those who say that Jesus did not really "die" on the cross but (as some "historians" have said) gone to Asia to learn the way of "enlightenment." These tales have been told by gnostic and occult writers for many ages...and they have about as much evidence supporting them as you say you have to support you and your beliefs you speak out in your books. None. Still, you think that your evidence is groundbreaking and unique, it isn't. All the evils you speak of as truths in your book have been shown throughout history. Of course, the devil does love a good marketer. Again, such people as yourself tries to, and thinks they, are speaking something new, something different, something "passionately powerful and eye opening." You are not. Neither are the others like Pagels and Sponge. All of you are following the same pitiful and pitying belief that so many others in history has followed. I know you wont believe me when I say this: you are wrong and the Bible says you are wrong. I will only say that if you look hard enough, looked passionately enough like I myself have looked before coming back to Christ Jesus, you would see that the Bible is the truth...and not only that, Jesus Christ, the real historical Jesus Christ, is the exact same Jesus Christ that we read in the Bible. Alas, you do have the right to have your speech free, and you have the right to speak your mind, and that I applaud in this free society we have (built upon Christian ethics that you try to break down, ironically)...still...your views and your thoughts are to be pitied.<br/><br/>And that is the crux of the matter that I hold against your book. People have been slandering Jesus Christ for ages, since his virgin birth, death, and resurrection. And while I hate to say the devil is behind this corner, plainly so he is, in this instance. But about you. For you I can only say is that I feel sorry for you. I pity you. You are a blind man being lead by blinding falseness. You are someone I pity because I know that you are wrong. The Bible says you are wrong. And just as the Bible says you are wrong, it also say that you will be brought before the Lord Jesus one of these days and you will be made accountable for your actions and your writings and your deeds. You don't believe this, but I do, and I trust the Bible as the seminary student that I am. I trust the Bible not on my own well wishes, but on empirical life changing truths that radiate from the Bible. Again, you and most of those sad sad folks who give you four or five stars and are raving fans of yours, will not believe me...but just as I feel sorry for you, I also feel sorry for the lost and blind disciples you have created with your works. I feel sad because I know that you and they, as I said before, will face the King of Kings and you will be held accountable for all that has been done in your name.<br/><br/>In the end you are a sad sad man and I feel sorry for you. You may have the riches of the world, you may, as the many people who keep giving you thumbs up, have the world at your finger tips. But in the end. In the end. By not having the truth of Christ in your heart, and the cleaning that only He can give, you will only have darkness. Darkness for eternity. I feel sorry for you Mr. Dan Brown. You are a very pitiful man. Maybe you will change.  Maybe you will come back to the truth, to the One Jesus Christ who died for your sins and the sins of the world, maybe you will come back and realize the evils you have acted upon and thus change your ways so that you will live your life for the Lord.  Then again, maybe you wont.
 In the middle of the night Professor Langdon receieves a phone call. He is informed that some guy is coming to get him out of his warm bed and take him to some crime scene, where there are strange signs and writings on the body of the victim. The trivia question is: "This is the beginning of ..." The answer is both "Da Vinci Code" and "Angels and Demons", another novel by the same author. Dan Brown, without having any remorse of self pledgerism, starts his both novels with the same plot. Then we have the Indiana Jonesian adventures of some Harvard symbologist, who does not know neither French nor Italian (Indiana Jones was no archeologist, just a tomb raider, and so goes for Langdon. As a symbologist he is unable even to read the motto of the British coat of arms: "Dieu et mon droit". Even for qualifying exams at the Byzantine history program at Harvard you have to pass exams over four foreign languages, including French, German, Latin, and Ancient Greek. I cannot tell how many are required for a post at symbology. By the way, there is no symbology program at Harvard). So we end up with an unrealistic, a B movie type character, a good deal of popular conspiracy theories with full of misinformation, and some Holywood enchanced plots. Never try to compare it with any product signed by Umberto Eco.
 I've read the story book first in the original publication, and I'd have to say it's quite a good mystery book, easy read.<br/><br/>But this version with the art work and illustration included is excellent, it makes so much more sense for the reader now that they can visually identify and confirm what the author's talking about. It's so much easier instead of searching on the web for the images. =)
 Written to be a page turner with a lot of twists and turns.  Halfway through the book, I was thinking to myself "Holy Grail Batman, another riddle.  Do you think The Riddler's behind this?"<br/><br/>So I got to the end of the book and find out what the Holy Grail is (don't worry, I won't spoil it).  But basically there is this Holy Grail, a long sought after treasure from Jesus Christ, who started Christianity. This Holy Grail, for over 2000 years, has been kept safe and protected by a group of pagans?  Wow, what a revelation, pagans protecting Christianity.  This book should be more of a shock to the ACLU than to the Catholic Church.
 I have never encountered someone who has gone to greater lengths to deny the deity of Christ in order to justify his own misguided morality, or lack thereof.  Under the guise of fiction, Brown would have us believe that Jesus Christ was just a man like any other, but his "wife," is someone to be worshipped.  Why should she be worshipped?  Because she's the woman who was married to Jesus, who wasn't divine.  However, Jesus had  intercourse] with her,...so when he joined with this woman, he was able to see God.  That's it!  All men, except men like his hero (a.k.a. Dan Brown), are unenlightened and/or evil; Women are divine.<br/>I'm sure that while Mr. Brown is raking in the dough, he thinks he's helping those women whom he thinks are uptight, endoctrinated, oppressed, and Christian, but most Christian women I know don't need his manly powers.  Actually, most of us feel loved--by our friends, our families, and our God.  Furthermore, some of us resent Brown's exploitation of women who do feel endoctrinated and oppressed, women who feel they should be honored above others simply on the basis of gender.  Isn't Brown fostering sexual discrimination against his own sex so that he can sell books primarily to women?<br/>Put all that beside poorly drawn characters, a weak plot, superficial theological research, and abundant anti-Christian rhetoric and you've got one, very human, feminine thumb down.
 A few friends told me that they couldn't put this book down. I couldn't put it down either, but when I finally did finish it, I was pretty disappointed. I found some of the clues to be transparent , almost insulting. I am so DONE with the 0h-look-we've-fallen-in-love-while-chasing-crime/rescuing-the-world thing. Please.
 On May 19, 2006, Sony Pictures released a movie version of Dan Brown's Book The Da Vinci Code. Its release was but the cinematic aftermath of a book whose success announced the defeat of American orthodox Christianity. For the America of the early 20th century is a decidedly and callously post-Christian culture. And as if a wealth of leading social indicators were not enough to confirm our retrograde post-Christianity - our 50% divorce rate, the widespread practice of abortifacient medications and medical procedures, the coarseness and vulgar evil of our popular culture, our abysmally low rates of Church attendance -confirmation of our no-longer-even-nominal Christianity is furnished by the commercial success of the best-selling DaVinci Code and its virulent anti-Christianity.<br/><br/>Justice demands that one makes neither more nor less of something than ought be made of it. As a work of literature, The Da Vinci Code is neither brilliant nor groundbreaking, neither new nor original; it is a popular novel marked by the kind of literary depth for which "shallowness" is too charitable a term. But as a symptom of spiritual illness, as a demonstration of the terminally diseased soul of American religiousity, and as damning evidence of the evacuation of large swaths of the American population from orthodox Christianity into titillated heresy, The Da Vinci Code is exemplary.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code's doctrines are abhorrent to the tradition of Catholic and Christian orthodoxy. In its denial of the celibacy of Christ - and its concomitant portrayal of Catholicism and orthodox Christianity as a brilliant coverup of the truth about Jesus - the book grinds several axes: against the Catholic hierarchy and priesthood, against the Bible and its authority, but also and even more dangerously against Christ's divinity. Its sources for these doctrines are hairbrained, dubious, extra-Biblical, and anti-Traditional. But that quartet of adjectives can fit most, if not all, films produced in Hollywood about the Christian religion.<br/><br/>For in a sense, however, neither the book's contents, nor its contemporary success, should come as any great surprise. The distinction between the Jesus of history and Christ of faith, first posited by the school of Higher Biblical Criticism in Germany in the 19th century, paved the way for the kind of skepticism sown ubiquitously broadcast in the 20th century. The movement of theological Modernism, once vilified and now cautiously accepted in the Catholic Church (still, in some circles, vigorously opposed), also prepared the ground for the late 20th century's apostasies and dissents in the Roman Church.<br/><br/>So it is not surprising that some crackpot, leftist, and anti-Catholic writer cooked this story up. What is surprising is the number of people calling themselves Christians and Catholics who read and believed Dan Brown. One hundred years ago, the book would have been placed on the Catholic Index Librorum Prohibtorum, roundly condemned from every Catholic and orthodox Protestant pulpit in America, and been met with disgust from the pews. So diluted and diffuse is the orthodox consensus these days, that churchgoers pass copies of the book to one another.<br/><br/>The New Testament teaches that there will be a falling away from orthodox faith before the end of time: "For the time will come when men will not put up with sound doctrine. Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear" (2 Timothy 4:3). This is known as the Great Apostasy. It was the opinion of the deceased writer and ex-Jesuit Malachi Martin that we are in the midst of this dreaded and long foretold event.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is what it is: an anti-Christian and anti-Catholic book of mediocre literary quality. Read it, if you will. But should you agree with its ideas, do not try to pretend that you are a Christian. You are not.<br/><br/>The five stars are for the anti-intellectual, illogical example of diseased thinking and corrupt history which this book represents.<br/><br/>{Adapted from a review I wrote to Philadelphia's Bulletin}
 When the curator of the Louvre is murdered, Robert Langdon, a visiting American professor who has not even met the victim is suddenly identified as the prime suspect.  He meets cryptologst Sophie Neveu, grandaughter of the victim and together, they undertake a very fast-paced treasure hunt and try to prove his innocence.<br/><br/>This treasure hunt is for more than just money, but to uncover a secret that has been hidden for 2000 years since the time of Christ and could drastically affect the Church.<br/><br/>Who is trying to stop them?  Who is the good guy and who is the bad?  Are the French police corrupt?  This has the makings of a fun read.<br/><br/>As for the faulty history, well the reader should just be aware that this is a work of fiction and when a fictional 'expert' makes a claim, it is still fiction.  Enough about that.<br/><br/>Read it for the story.  Read history books for history.
 For a Follow-up to Angels and Demons, I felt dissappointed.  This was a decent mystery that kept me relatively rivited, but i was able to put it down.  Slightly predictable, followed some of the same plot points contained in Angels and Demons, but with characters that were not nearly as intriguing, and to a large degree were unbelievable.<br/><br/>All and all though, it was a good storyline with well researched setting and references. Grade: C+
 The inside cover of The DaVinci Code says "This is pure genius." This couldn't be closer to the truth. In an incredible show of creativity, imagination, and cunning, Dan Brown brings to life an ancient secret the likes of which I have never seen before. To be concise, this is the most interesting book I have ever read - and it has everything a book of its type needs: action, suspense, mystery and everything between. The characters are fanatastic and dynamic, the plot has a blissful mixture of action and information, and the puzzles and codes are unbelievably clever. The way that Mr. Brown ties these seemingly unrelated facts (every bit of information about history and art is true) into a single novel is utterly stunning. Dan Brown is many steps ahead of today's writers. Read this book... I promise you will love it!
 Ok, I am just now reading this book, long after the hype began.  I don't usually read mystery.  To put it bluntly I am reading this book because it peeved the Christian Right and that in and of itself has value for me.  I have driven past Christian book stores and seen "cracking the da vinci code etc" and wondered...then I heard a little about the content of the book.  The book's actual story probably would have gotten a 4 (an albino monk with prenatural killing powers?), BUT I am definetely on board with the idea that most Christians have not a clue about the real history of their religion and the historocity of jesus christ's life.<br/><br/>In a nutshell, the book was extremely interesting.<br/><br/>PS-it seems that if you have the courage of your convictions and faith in your god a stupid old book shouldn't even faze you, there are lots of books out there that are much more controversial.
 I'd heard so much about this book from so many people that my expectations were quite high.  I was expecting a gripping page-turner that would leap off the pages and knock me on my keister.<br/>Instead, I got a rather mediocre work of fiction whose sole claim to fame was that it explored some dubious alternative philosophy about the history of Christ and the Grail mixed in with some cheesy secret society slop and some toying with da Vinci's symbolism.<br/>As far as an overview of the whole Grail-Magdalene bit, it does a fair job of summarizing it for those who are too lazy to do their own research (90% of the theories espoused in the book I had heard before).  As a work of fiction, however, it is sub-par.  It is painfully clear that it was more important to the "author" to convey his pet theories than it was to create believable characters and plot.<br/>I was looking forward to finding out why so many people I know had read or were reading this book.  Now that I've read it, I still don't know the answer to that question, and I wish I had invested my time in a higher caliber of literature.
 When I started reading this book, it was a little confusing, but I guess it's one of those books where you have to read more to find out, because at the end it all fit and it was great!<br/><br/>Anyway, to whoever asked, the pictures and illustrations add so much to the story! I don't know if I ever could have figured it out without them. It's also very interesting how Dan Brown fit all the real facts together to create a fiction story!<br/><br/>Wow. A great story. I really recommend it!
 Poor storytelling that copies/plagerizes everything from Raiders of the Lost Ark to Heat just not as well and certainly with no disguise.<br/>Not sure if catholic bashing is a sport yet but Brown certainly pushed the envelope. Very predictable and very corny - great possibilities but never got off the ground. The characters are horrible stereoypical that I would be suprised if this makes it to a B movie at best. A dis-service to the material for sure.
 This is one of the best books I've read and I've read thousands of books.  This book combines mystery and murder with history to come up with a book that not only entertains you but educates you. It is an excellant book for discussion and debate because of the topic of the book. It is an eye opener for many, religious or not, and had me running to the computer to look at the art discussed in the book.  I was amazed to discover that I not only was what he described actually in the paintings but that I had missed it for so many years.  A wonderful wonderful book.  I am definitly going out to buy his other books.
 The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown is a gripping mystery novel. The story moves on four fronts: the hero and heroine, the head of a Roman Catholic organization, the chief inspector of the French police and a fanatical murderer. Like checkers on a checkerboard the chapters move these pieces of the story in turn until they all reach home row at the end. The author is able to maintain suspense throughout the story so that it has momentum to the very last page, not letting the mystery completely dissolve until the end. It is not the nature of this book to probe deeply into the human character, the nature of reality or to generate beautiful prose. It reads like a movie script, al la Raiders of the Lost Ark.<br/>The author uses two characters as experts on everything, especially Christianity and some of its historical struggles. Because the book is fiction it is able to build its own picture of Christianity and the church without regard to historical accuracy. It does convey a patronizing attitude toward the church and its faith, an attitude common place now and throughout the history of the church.<br/>Theirs is an old scenario: Jesus was a great man whose movement got hijacked by powerful people in Roman society and transformed into a secular power. Their version adds the proposition that Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene and the two produced children. This story line sets up a classic mystery novel struggle between an evil titan and a heroic minority replete with centuries of intrigue and violence, i.e. Luke Skywalker and the Federation. This is all great fun in a novel, but should not be confused with the truth.<br/>Proposing that Jesus was married and had children is just another way of saying he wasn't the one proclaimed by the Christian faith, that he was a man in the flow of history not an intersect between God and history. Tying this idea in with the worship of a female goddess adds mystery and tension to the story and taps into the energy of the modern struggle between the sexes and society's effort to harness the sex drive.<br/>Genuine historians that are anti-Christian don't claim that Rome hijacked the Christian movement, but rather that the Christian movement hijacked Rome. So even though the church was changed by its being adopted as the state religion, and even though its secular power led to terrible corruption, it's first three hundred years laid down the fundamental message. Constantine did not. What he did do was demand that the church settle its message so he could have a coherent religion to authorize.<br/>The story line of this book elevates the divine female as if this were a breath of fresh air in an oppressive male-dominant Christian society. The divine female is nothing more than the ancient worship of sex. It is as commonplace as Hustler magazine. The worship of Venus three thousand years ago is the same impulse that drives the advertising and entertainment industry today. Just as commerce is dependent on sex today, production was linked to procreation then. If you could get the male and female gods to mate (so they reasoned), you could produce human, animal and vegetable crops on the earthly plane, i.e. wealth.<br/>Christianity was born into a male-dominated culture. It didn't create it. The church has deviated from its earliest affirmation of the equality of male and female ("in Christ there is neither male nor female" -- the apostle Paul, 60 AD.)  God's voice in the Bible never admits to being male or female. When Moses asks for God's identity, he gets "I am who I am."<br/>The book's experts are fiction and so is their expertise. Solomon's temple, for instance, was destroyed long before Mary Magdalene came along. We know little about it and certainly don't know what its columns looked like. It was the second temple, the one build by Herod the Great that she would have seen. The holy of holies was not under ground but rather stood at the center of temple mount. She couldn't have gotten in it much less under it, dead or alive. The Crusades were a silly business that brought back nothing of historical value except the knowledge of a Muslim culture more advanced than the European culture. The Crusaders were completely ignorant of the land they conquered. The local people neither new nor cared where the bones of Mary Magdalene might be. They did know they could sell the Crusaders anything with the right story. So the knights credulously or greedily brought back relics purported to be fragments of the cross, the hair of John the Baptist and so on. The grail may have had a forged artifact initially or may have just been a story brought back without the souvenir.<br/>My expertise doesn't extend to all the areas the "experts" in the book claim, but if their errors in fact are consistent with the ones I can pick out without research, I presume that it is all fiction and should be taken as such.<br/>It is a fun book that is irrelevant to the serious subjects of Christian faith, sexuality and hope for a better world.<br/>Roland McGregor<br/>7/2003
 As an Art History student who took a class in Iconography with Horst Janson as an undergrad at NYU, I have to say this book is better by a mile!<br/>Art and history brought to life and while it is a novel, it screamed TRUTH at me from every page. The Goddess has been trampled in this world<br/>I lost a week's sleep over this book and it was worth it! Dan Brown wrote and intelligent book about a fascinating subject. I see the influence of his art historian wife all over it. What a powerful pairing of research and invention!<br/>Dan does NOT need to read "The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth am I Here For?", he KNOWS!<br/>Keep doing it Dan - this was wonderful!
 Some of my fellow reviewers wrote that this was a book they couldn't put down. But once I started it and I did put it down, I found the book hard to pick up again -- my mind just filled with so many other things I'd rather be doing. About half way through I gave up the fight and didn't even try to start reading again.<br/>It isn't that the book is dense or difficult to read. To the contrary: I'd say that at first glance, author Dan Brown is a compelling storyteller, adept at seamlessly leading the reader from one scene to another. Sure, his constant foreshadowing is more often than not heavy handed, and some of the peripheral characters seem a little two-dimensional. But those are (unfortunately) common flaws and not the reason I was so displeased by the book.<br/>What really bothered me was how much Mr. Brown got wrong. The first example is the book's title: "da Vinci" isn't Leonardo's family name, it is a reference to his illegitimate father, which is a reference to the father's home town of Vinci, just west of Florence. In Italian, "da Vinci" just means "from Vinci." No, Leonardo, like his contemporaries Raffaello and Giulio Romano, like Giotto, like Caravaggio, like Rembrandt ... like modern day Cher or Madonna, is correctly referred to by his given name. The book should have been called "The Leonardo Code" or "The Leonardo da Vinci Code."<br/>Inside, there is more of the same. The author refers to some invented speculation that the "Mona Lisa" is really a portrait of Leonardo himself in drag. Proof? Mr. Brown narrative says that computers show that key facial features are the same as those in contemporary portraits of Leonardo and that without this explanation the identity of the model is a mystery. The truth? No contemporary portraits of Leonardo exist, while the identity of the model in the famous painting is extremely well documented.<br/>There is more: Leonardo's "Last Supper" is not a fresco, as the book says. And the idea that Mary Magdalene somehow dressed up as a man and appears in the painting in lieu of one of the apostles is more than a little far fetched.<br/>I know that a novel cannot be taken as a historical document and that by definition, events are fictionalized in any work of fiction. But they have to be fictionalized in a context that is real or at least believable. If that doesn't happen, the structure of the story crumbles because we no longer know what means something and what doesn't. A more specific example: the "Mona Lisa" carries with it certain information, who the subject was, what the painting means, who painted it, and its place in the West's cultural canon. Those factors are part of the package that simply cannot be jettisoned. If the author wanted a painting (or an artist) that didn't carry those exact meanings, then he would be better off selecting different subjects, or just making them up from scratch.<br/>If a novel set in modern times included a character who drove a '78 Ford Pinto, we could draw certain conclusions about him. Maybe he doesn't have much money, or he has a bad taste in cars, or he has been forced to use this unfortunate vehicle. But if the story is written so that the Pinto is candy apple red, that it attracts "oohs" and "ahhs" from people who see it, and can race down the highway at 200 mph, then we scratch our heads. Why did the author call the car a Pinto? Wouldn't it be easier and better to have called it a Ferrari?<br/>When I first started to notice these kinds of incongruities in The Da Vinci Code, I wondered if they were early clues that Robert Langdon, the main protagonist, was a bit delusional, or at least too free and easy with the facts. But it didn't take long to understand that the one who was too free and easy with the facts was the author.
 I READ THIS BOOK SIMPLY BECAUSE EVERYONE WAS TALKING ABOUT IT. AS A FEMALE, I ALMOST BECAME INTRIGUED WITH DAN BROWN'S THEME REGARDING THE RELIGIOUS, HISTORICAL TREATMENT OF WOMEN.HOWEVER, SOMETHING RAISED THE RED FLAGS IN MY MIND. THE ONLY THING I CAN REALLY POINT AT IS MR. BROWN'S TERRIBLE WRITING STYLE. IT IS SO ANNOYINGLY POOR, I DEFINITELY WILL NOT READ MORE OF HIS WORK. AND, I BELIEVE IF A AUTHOR CANNOT REASONABLY WRITE WELL, IT FOLLOWS THAT HIS INTELLECTUAL CAPACITY DOES NOT INCLUDE THE ABILITY TO ACCURATELY INTERPRET HISTORY. I KNOW MR. BROWN IS MAKING MERRY TRIPS TO THE BANK AND HIS LAUGHTER IS OK WITH ME. I HAVE LAUGHINGLY ENJOYED READING ALL THE REVIEWS ON THIS INSIGNIFICENT BOOK. THESE DAYS I APPRECIATE HUMOR WHERE EVER I CAN FIND IT. READ THIS BOOK IF YOU MUST AND WANT TO BE FULLY ENGAGED IN CONTEMPORARY LIFE ALA ALL THE OTHER POPULAR FANTASIES OUT THERE.<br/>PS: MINERVA, I AM ON YOUR SIDE BUT GIRL, YOU HAVE TO LEARN HOW TO SPELL SO PEOPLE WILL RESPECT YOUR OPINION. PEACE.
 Ok, Dan Brown, we know you're smart; stop hitting us over the head with it! Why don't we use some of that energy that was used in all those puzzles and plot twist to make some likable characters. Heck, I'd settle for un-likable characters over these flat stereotypes. There was a very smart idea in this book. But instead of letting it shine dully through a well crafted novel, Brown lets it blind blatantly without any sort of veil. I felt like I was at a lecture at some points in this book. And when it did that, this novel lost any saving grace. I love learning new things when I read fiction, but more than anything I love a good story and the Da Vinci code was severly lacking in that department. Online customer, save yourself the hassle; I'm sure a movie is on the way, save the time and fork up the 7.50.
 There may not be many of us out there who read the book before we see the movie, but if you can this is one book I whould do in that order. It is fiction, but there's that sliver of a chance that it is non-fiction. I don't think it happened that way, but it makes for a great story and also, I believe reaffirms your faith.<br/><br/>After all, if you can't challange your faith, then what good is it. If you can keep an open mind and still come back to what you have believing in it all the more because of that experience, then you are most definately better off than someone who blindly believes in it.<br/><br/>And along the way you have this amazing theory by Dan Brown regarding what may or may not have happened to Jesus before or after he died on the cross. After all, how many years of Jesus's life are missing from the bible. He's like 12 and then we don't see him again until he's like 30. A lot could have happened before his path down the road to resurrection.<br/><br/>I would also recommend Holy Blood, Holy Grail. I 'm reading that one right now and believe that if you read it first before Da Vinci, then you won't be as affected by the storyline. If you read it later, then it fills in any missing gaps and basically explains or backs up the plot lines/theories that Dan Brown uses in this book.
 Dan Brown explains how the Catholic church sent women to their death during the middle ages, calling them witches.  For too long the Catholic church has hidden its past amid claims of saving souls from some hateful god who would burn them in hell if they don't do as this church says. Hopefully this well written best seller will expose readers to the past and present sins of this massive cult. Brown's work makes fascinating reading in the context of this cults attempt to cover up the very real sins of its leaders against thousands of children.<br/>According to Brown Catholics, for centuries, have attempted to cover up many original unpleasant truth's about the founding of this religion. That the cover ups never stop should give anyone pause.<br/>Brown's book is not all that great as a thriller - but the subject matter is fun and fascinating and perhaps will hasten the demise of an ancient anachronism.
 I just recently read The Da Vinci Code and am still trying to figure out what the entire hullabaloo is about.  The book puts forth nothing I haven't heard before.  I find it sad that evidently so many people in the world have so little religious training.<br/>The Da Vinci Code is a page turning suspense/mystery.  I truly enjoyed Dan Brown's writing.
 I find most of the "bestselling" novels to be shallow--they're a million miles wide and 1 inch deep. Brown's Da Vinci Code, however, is a million miles deep. There are a million details to substantiate the plot, but its resolution is unexpectedly shallow.<br/><br/>Brown develops an intricate web of deceit for 400 pages, and then unravels it ALL in just a few pages. The effort to develop this intricate plot was all for naught because, in the end, it doesn't matter--the lone culprit quickly and unexpectedly becomes completely obvious. Everything else was explained away and most everyone previously intonated in the deceit comes out looking innocent and sometimes even victimized. The explanation for the lone culprit's actions are unconvincing and rather shallow and convenient.<br/><br/>Also, the answers to the codes and riddles our two heroes must understand to continue their increasingly meaningless and oftentimes banal search come to them all too conveniently. Countless times, one or the other will proclaim, "I got it!" and they'll be off solving another code or riddle. I wish I had such skill when I misplace my car keys!<br/><br/>With all that said, it certainly is an interesting read. I think, however, that you'll be less entertained by the book's plot twists than by its stories concerning the Priori of Sion, DaVinci's works, codes in artwork, the meaning of the holy grail, the history of the church, et cetera.
 This book is a book that every catholic should read, scrutinize and analyze down to the last syllable NOT b/c it is a great book but b/c the blatant inaccuracies/misrepresentations that exist throughout the book which are so bluntly aimed at denegrating the teachings of the Church and of Christ. Every Catholic should be INFORMED (and this book DEPENDS on the reader NOT being informed)of the true history, tradition and teachings of the church, and this book is an excellent book to help point out some of the aspects that Catholics SHOULD be informed about. The book's misinformation and misrepresentation of various teachings of the church to the author's own end, including those about the important role of women (which obviously were not in his interest or in the interest of others to admit), the author appears to be totally obsessed (and that is the ONLY word that can be used) with female worship. The book was described by the New York Times as a thriller which does not say much about the correspondent's level of reading. For a thriller it is poor. You know who killed who from the Chapter 1. The rest of the story is not thrilling at all..... you know everything  that is going to happen. you can predict it. It is just a graphic discharge of spite towards the catholic church including Opus Dei. Of course, had the murderer been exposed at the end there would have been NO space for the author to express all his distorted feelings towards the catholic church. Furthermore it is interesting how EVERY person with any form of faith and dedication to the catholic church is portrayed as evil.<br/>The lack of knowledge of the author is explicit.e.g. In the description of the Madonna of the Rocks - He wrongly calls St. John the Baptist Jesus and vice versa. If he has any doubts of who J. the Baptist is he should look up most of the art c1500-1600 where he is always portrayed with a long stick and a cross at the top. The "John the Baptist" painting by Da Vinci himself shows him like so. When I showed the actual painting to people and read how the author describes it, proved to be excellent humor. The interpretation of the Last supper is likewise absurd. Christ and John (who the author calls Mary) would have had to have VERY wide hips in order to be touching as described.<br/>One piece of advice to the author, In presuming such authority you have only revealed YOUR GROSS ignorance of many aspects covered by the book.... Before you write, BE informed and make sure that your references ARE credible. The intelligence of an author can be discerned by his/her capacity not only to use the material he/she has available that agrees with his agenda, but his/her capacity to analyze critically every aspect of his/her data be it for or against and to present it in a balance manner to make the reader think - which this book certainly does not.
 I read 2 good books recently; I couldn't put either down. One fiction, one non-fiction. This, obviously, is the great work of fiction; the great work of non-fiction is Make Every Girl Want You by John Fate and Steve Reil. Dan Brown's book had me mesmerized. I love the way art, another passion of mine, is intertwined in this novel. Mr. Brown is a genius the way he developed "hidden" clues in the work of Mr. Da Vinci! Clues that anyone could hypothetically see, but hidden by Da Vinci. I also am a religious man, and love how Brown weaved Jesus, Mary, and the holy grail throughout the book. The book was a fast read, and I couldn't put it down. Excellent combination of religion, suspense, &amp; mystery! Kudos to Dan Brown!
 I encourage anyone who reads this book to do so with an open mind.  Whether the historical facts related within are actual truth or not, that does not take away from the fact that this is a good book.  The pace is fast and what Brown relates interesting.  I particularly like the idea of the sacred feminine and the secrets behind Da Vinci's paintings. As a Christian, this did encourage me to explore further the history of Christianity and the Catholic faith.
 This is an Amazon first kind of review in the sense that I am reviewing another reader's review. I am referring to Mr. David C. Read. I enjoyed his thoughts on the Da Vinci code simply because we share the same reaction to Mr. Brown's book. It is a work of fiction and it is indeed frightening to find some people taking it seriously. Da Vinci code is a good read yes but it is as fulfilling as a piece of fluff to read while waiting for a root canal.<br/><br/>Three stars.
 An absolutely amazingly fascinating book. It has made even the most die-hard atheists interested in religion. No matter how much is true, it just doesn't matter. This book has made the average book reader think, discuss and question so many things in our everyday life and existence.<br/>I spent an entire evening plus the following night reading it non-stop.<br/>DO NOT see the movie, it sucks!!
 The Da Vinci code is undoubtedly a page turner and contains some interesting (though not new) material on Mary Magdalen and the sacred feminine. However, it is extraordinarily badly written with some very cliched characterisation - upper-class villainous Brit - how very Hollywood! A green eyed red haired heroine - how often has she been done? Some good editing, preferably from a non-American would have been helpful. I'm sure no Frenchman would regard the Eiffel tower as the symbol of France - Marianne fulfills that role. And since when has anyone English said 'I'm truly sorry for your loss'. Lastly, scholarly English librarians simply would not indulge in tactless banter with an esteemed American researcher over the wisdom of knighting Rudi Giuliani. Was Dan Brown trying to make a post 9/11 point? Buy this book for its silly frenetic plot and intriguing artistic insights but don't expect great literature.
 I am the sort, I should tell you, who will read a much-publicized book just to see what all the fuss is about, and that's why I picked up this novel. Having put it down just minutes ago... honestly, I'm still not sure what all the fuss is about.<br/><br/>A murder in the Louvre museum draws Robert Langdon, an American professor of symbology, is drawn into a desperate race to either find or protect incredible secrets hidden for millennia. Langdon and the victim's granddaughter, cryptographer Sophie Neveu, are forced to unlock last-minute clues left by the dying man, which in turn point them to other clues, which in turn point them to OTHER clues, and so on and so on.<br/><br/>The good first -- Brown crafts an easy read, a quick page-turner that presents a lot of interesting facts and theory regarding the Holy Grail, the ancient Church and all the mystery and symbols that surround it. The ending is also fairly satisfying -- not quite what one expects, but in character with the rest of the book.<br/><br/>However, much of Brown's structure is infuriating. This book, by necessity, is packed with exposition... I can deal with exposition, but Brown frequently lapses into long passages that feel like he's writing a textbook instead of a novel -- dry explanations of the meanings behind symbols or words that feel as though they were lifted from an encyclopedia. Even worse are passages where he has characters flash back to previous occasions where the delivered these dry passages to other people who aren't even in the book. Brown even, on occasion, lapses into one of these tangents that has NOTHING to do with the plot, but just seemed interesting at the time.<br/><br/>Worse than that, however, is the way Brown crafts his mysteries. This is a book full of one mystery, one puzzle, one riddle after another -- which is all well and good. The problem is, Brown cheats his readers. The fun of reading a mystery is to give the readers and the characters the clues together, then racing to see if you can solve it before the characters in the book. Brown, on multiple occasions, deliberately withholds information from the reader (for example, the last two lines of a four-line verse) until the character themselves crack the code, then goes back and gives the readers all the clues as he explains how they stumbled upon the solution. He does this over and over again, frequently following it by commenting on how clever the characters are to have solved his mystery or, alternately, how clever the man who created the puzzle in the first place was to do so.<br/><br/>It's not a terrible book, and in fact has a lot of the elements I like about a good old-fashioned treasure hunt story, but in the end, I feel that Brown's writing leaves a lot to be desired. I can't help but think this is a case where a book became a huge hit because of the controversy, not because of the quality.
 I had never read a book by this author before, and found the details and twists and turns of the plot facinating.  If you are into arcane facts and symbols, and their mysterious meanings, this is for you.<br/>And the bookseller delivered the book promptly, in the condition advertised.
 It's one thing to write blasphemous trash. But couldn't the author have gotten his history straight during the four years he claims to have researched the book? Dan Brown made up the story of a Pope who ran around emasculating statues. There is no record of any such event. Okay, it's a work of fiction, but what's the point of libeling a good man?<br/><br/>In his acknowledgements, Brown refers to his mother, not his father, as his "role model." His protagonist, Robert Langdon, is an equally manly "man."<br/><br/>This is the stupidest book by the stupidest author alive unless he's written something even stupider. I have no interest in finding out.
 A thoroughly enjoyable read.<br/><br/>The hype that's been going on around this book is ridiculous.<br/><br/>People contesting whether the Davinci Code holds truth vs truth according to the Bible.<br/><br/>The bible is a compilation of stories, non of which can be proven historically, which is why it's called faith.<br/><br/>The only factual content we can glean from both are validation of historical sites.<br/><br/>If you are interested in the evolution of current religion over the last few hundred years, I highly recommend Riane Eisler's "The Chalice and The Blade."<br/><br/>I am glad to see the sacred feminine ideology being introduced back into our society in a time where it is desperately needed.
 So this is the publishing event of the year?  I never thought I'd agree with Harold Bloom and all those other literary snobs, but this is a sad commentary on the American reader.  This book fails on almost every level.  First, the writing: simply horrible - honestly I can't remember reading such wretched prose.  It's written at the eighth grade level.  Yes, it moves along quickly, but that's only because each chapter is about 800 words.  People have been coming up to me and trying to pass off the information they gleaned from this book as historical fact - folks, it's not true!  Brown has done just enough research to pull the wool over your eyes, but if you approach a real scholar of church history, ancient history, or art history they will double over laughing that you bought this tripe.  Please, please before you decide this is the best book you've ever read try some non-bestsellers, maybe even a classic, like The World According to Garp by Irving, the Fifth Head of Cerberus by Wolfe, Peace Like a River by Enger or the Blind Assassain by Atwood.  Those are great books. This is a thinly sketched outline for the next brainless hollywood blockbuster.
 The Da Vinci Code is an eminently readable book that is a tapestry of conspiracy theories arranged to create a mega-conspiracy theory.  While many of the theories are based upon half-truths, they are tied together in such a way to make the conspiracies seem plausible.  Brown presents this book as based on fact; in reality it is based on theory - and in many cases these theories are flimsy.  However, flimsy theories, when presented with confidence, are often the most entertaining theories.  Basically, this book is an effective escape from reality by an author with an anti-religion agenda - take the "facts" with a grain of salt.  The Da Vinci Code is action packed and filled with surprising revelations.  It's a quick and easy to follow read.  The chapters are brief and dramatic for those with short attention spans, and the overall package ties together well for a quick, interesting and exciting read.
 Brown, Dan. The Da Vinci code. Random House Audio; Abridged edition (March 18, 2003) ISBN: 0739302043<br/><br/>Listening to Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code on audio CD's was an interesting experience.  The narrator spoke with moderate differences in accents and pitches for the characters, but failed to develop a vivid image of each.  His rate of speech was swift.  Concentration was a must to follow the story.  This murder mystery began in the Louvre museum. The curator was found murdered in one of the galleries.  Not only was he found murdered, but cryptic messages surrounded his body. An American symbologist and a French cryptologist team up to solve the murder.  Coincidently, the French cryptologist is the curator's granddaughter. And, of course they are both murder suspects.  The two are led on a scavenger hunt, so to speak, for not only the curator's murderer, but also the true meaning and location of the Holy Grail.  The hunt takes the two from Paris to England to Scotland. The journey played out in a logical order without unexpected twists or turns. The ending was blasé. The story was intriguing, but lacked fast paced action and suspense.  Perhaps the abridged audio version of the book did not do justice to Dan Brown's story.
 You need to read "The DaVinci Code" really fast; it's much better that way. You need to read it fast because if you slow down for a second, you might start asking questions like --<br/><br/>&gt; Why does the author seem to be basing this book on schlocky movies like "Eyes Wide Shut" and "Monty Python and the Holy Grail"?<br/><br/>&gt; How or why would Mary Magdalene wind up in France of all places?<br/><br/>&gt; Were five million people really burned to death as witches, at a time when the population of all of Europe was maybe sixty million?<br/><br/>&gt; Why are all the book's characters straight out of central casting?<br/><br/>But I don't want to be too tough on the book. Trying to make straight-laced Christianity compatible with Druidic free-love fertility rites will stretch anyone's syncretic capabilities.<br/><br/>Now, maybe for his next book Monsieur Langdon can dig up the grail, put the documents on the internet, then go off to discover that a certain sixth-and-seventh-century religious warrior-prophet was really married to four men, not women, and that this fact is constantly being alluded to by the Weinstein brothers in all their films.
 On the very first page, we encounter a pink-eyed, staring silhouette.  Ordinarily, the fact that a writer attributes eye-colour or an expressive gaze to a silhouette would not bode well for the reader.  However, in fairness to the author, I really don't think that the typical reader of this truly remarkable work is likely to know what a silhouette is, let alone notice or care.  For the rest of us, the joy is in discovering just how deliciously badly written it can get.  Which is 'very'.<br/><br/>If you liked reading The Da Vinci Code, you might want to rent *Plan 9 from Outer Space*.  *The Creature from Planet X* was pretty good, too.
 Hardcore closed minded Christians stay away, or be prepared with an open mind to the alternate perspectives of Jesus. From the minute I picked up this book I never wanted to put it down. I have never been so enthralled in the a book. The way the author keeps the reader suspended in unending mystery, and by the end manages to answer all your questions will have you spending every spare minute reading. I plan to read this book yet again in order to spend more time researching the topics discussed, and to spend more time understanding and analysing the code. I would suggest that anyone research these facts before taking them to heart, however if they should hold true, I would hope that the world has the chance to read this book, and others like it.
 I didn't think I'd even like this book from all the negative reviews as well as the fact I usually only liked high-tech sci-fi or cyberpunk books. But I bought it, read it, and was surprised. It's pretty good. I recommend this book, and I also recommend other Dan Brown books, which I have now also read, that are equally good, such as "Angels and Demons", "Digital Fortress", "Deception Point", as well as really good sci-fi and cyberpunk like "Altered Carbon", "Ringworld", "Ringworld Engineers", "Prey", "Neuromancer", "Darkeye: Cyber Hunter", and many more.
 Dan Brown's novel was a decent read. It kept me entertained for the day it took me to read it. I actually only picked it up because controsversy intrests me. I would have given it three stars except for a few reasons.<br/><br/>The parts I liked was the fast pacing and the lame character development didn't bother me, I love Crighton books.The premise was interesting enough. The writing is enjoyable enough, I don't read literary works of art for fun.<br/><br/>Here is my opions of the bad points of the novel.<br/><br/>First off despite what Sophie say's early on in the novel the book reads like American television. It would seem Dan Brown's favorite writing technique is the cliffhanger. Almost every chapter I could picture a commericial break.Also the ending sucked.<br/><br/>Next before I go over the controversial subject manner I want to say one thing about the most common defense of the Da Vinci Code. Just because a novel is fiction does not mean the author doesn't have an agenda.Anyone who attended high school literature classes would have at some point learn that Dicken's wrote to critique Victorian society and his books were fiction. That The Scarlette Letter was Hawthorne's critique of the Puritans and was fiction. So I think Brown has an agenda.I personally think he was an axe to grind against the Catholic church specifically and perhaps the rest of Christianity in general.<br/><br/>Now  for the controsversy, I suppose that it depends on how someone feels about their faith. I do understand why Catholic's would feel insulted. I also thought he could of tried to get historical facts right. If it is important enough to list a page of facts before the novel starts then he should get his other facts straight.Also his premise about the femine divine felt ludicrous at times. If women were so important to the priory why didn't more become the head leaders? Also I agree with the other reviewer who said that if Jesus was not divine then Mary Magdeline would not have been divinve just because she married and than carried Jesus's daughter. Also I would think Mary would have wanted to be reburied in Israel not France.Also as far as Christianity goes the Catholics are the only one's who had at least a near divine femine, Mary mother of Jesus. Also before the advent of Christianity treatment of women varied. Some were treated well in some cultures and treated just as badly in others.
 I reluctantly picked this book up.  I just didn't think I'd be interested in the subject matter.  My best friend read it and thoroughly enjoyed it.  So I bit.  WOW!  As I was working my way through, I could not tell fact from fiction.  Not only am I left with wanting to go to Paris to the museum but I'm looking for a historical biblical course to learn more.  In my opinion great book.
 I loved the story and especially loved the pictures that coincided with the author's description of certain places/artwork/etc. I think without the illustrations, I would not have enjoyed the book as much (as I do not know many artworks and buildings referenced to in the book). I highly recommend getting the illustrated version if, like me, you also are not familiar with artwork and buildings
 This was one of the most interesting, bet paced novels I have read. Dan Brown hooks you from page one. I love how every time I thought I had everything figured out I was surprised by the next plot twist, and events I disregarded later came back with refreshing relevancy.<br/>The author made me feel like I was walking through The Lourve  and travelling with the characters on their quest.<br/>Read this book, you won't be sorry.
 Dan Brown got me hooked during the first 100 pages of the book, but brother (no pun intended) were the last few hundred pages a chore to finish reading. I have no Catholic axe to grind either, although the book was highly insulting to the Vatican-based organization. The reason I disliked the biggest portion of the book was that is was B-O-R-I-N-G. What a major disappointment after all the great reviews I'd read about it. Brown didn't deliver after a very good opening. It read like a bad movie script. Very shallow characters. No action. Predictable plot points. I would encourage you to go elsewhere for a great summer read!
 This book is a quick read, with enjoyable tidbits related to symbology. You may catch yourself analyzing the Last Super.
 Sad to say it, but this is the first book Ive read since highschool.  Now, many might say thats why I gave it five stars, but I would have to disagree.  This book had me from the first page and in my opinion there was never a dull moment.  Another one of his books that might just be a little better (and I say might) is Angels &amp; Demons.  Also Deception point was really good.  Hope my opinion was helpful.  I didnt want to get all into details, and historical  information cause it is a fictional story, but it will make you question a lot of what you may have brought up to believe.
 This book was very engaging and interesting. It is definitely not your typical suspense thriller. Although it did tend to get a little slow during the middle part of the book, the ending had a nice twist. The detail that the author goes into with respect to the secret societies and art history was very very interesting. These inclusions made for a much more interesting book - especially for someone who is interested in art history or history in any capacity. I would have liked to have known how much of the details and story is true, however, because at some points in the story the claims that the author makes seem completely unreal. All in all, this was an excellent quick read and I would recommend it to anyone!
 Take what you previously thought about the Holy Grail, the Roman Catholic Church, the Crusades, the Mona Lisa, Leonard DaVinci and the role of Mary Magdalene and forget about it.  Set in modern times, The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown, uncovers a mystery thousands of years old.  "Langdon nodded, unable to imagine a less congruous backdrop for the legend he was about to tell. He wondered where to begin. The brotherhood's history spanned more than a millennium... an astonishing chronicle of secretes, blackmail, betrayal, and even brutal torture at the hands of an angry pope." Infused in a clever story, Dan Brown reveals the real truth of the Holy Grail, which is believed to be the cup of Christ, and the story behind it.<br/>Brown takes numerous religious conspiracy theories, some of which question the very beginnings of Christianity, and combines them with a murder mystery to create a readable and fascinating story on two levels. The reader is brought into the fast paced chase of Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu. Langdon, a schoolteacher, is accused of murdering curator Jacques SaunieÌre, of the French Louvre art museum. Sophie is an agent with the French DCPJ (The French equivalent of the FBI) whose grandfather was Jacques SaunieÌre.  She believes that Langdon is innocent and that SaunieÌre left a message for them to protect the Holy Grail. Along with the unveiling of conspiracy's and a secret society that existed for over 2,000 years.  Art, Medieval history and religion are wrapped around the murder mystery that moves the story along at a fast pace, with every chapter ending in a cliffhanger.  It makes a real page-turner.<br/>The year is 1099 and the Prieureìì de Sion - the Priory of Sion- is created to protect documents of infinite power.  These documents, if revealed, would destroy the Christian faith.  What is contained in these documents is not entirely clear, but for thousands of years the church has been trying prevent them from being released.  The Priory of Sion is a group made up of various people including Leonardo Da Vinci. This secret society is the only group that knows where the documents are and only the leaders, known as seìneìchaux, understand what they contain.  "It cannot be! The curators true identity, along with the other three seìneìchaux, was almost as sacred as the ancient secret they protected..." This quote in the prologue is one of the ways Dan Brown pulls you into the story by creating a desire to venture deeper into the book in order to understand exactly what is happening.<br/> The book begins with the curator's murder.  Langdon, an American, is in France for a presentation on religious symbolism and was supposed to meet Jacques SaunieÌre after.  There was enough circumstantial evidence to accuse Langdon of murder, but the curator's granddaughter, Sophie Neveu, believes that he is innocent and helps him evade the DCPJ.  Following coded clues that SaunieÌre left for them, they discover a key to a bank deposit box containing a piece of the puzzle that will help them find the documents.  The pair are led to many other pieces leading them to discover the truth. Along with the French authorities, they are perused by a fanatical sect of the Catholic Church known as Opus Dei who wish to prevent the truth from coming out.<br/> The author uses extensive imagery that places the reader in the world of the story. His description is very useful because he is good at getting the details down. "He was staring into the mouth of a long, deep canyon. On either side of the gallery, stark walls rose thirty feet, evaporating into the darkness above.  The reddish glow of the sirvise lighting sifted upwards, casting an unnatural smolder across a staggering collection of Da Vincis, Titians, and Caravaggios that hung suspended from ceiling cables..." This imagery continues throughout the book enveloping the reader into the book.<br/> One of the things I like about the Da Vinci Code is the pace.  In the beginning of the book the pace is slow and methodical. While later in the book the pace is rushed, often only giving a little amount of description.  I think that this is an excellent way to perceive the changing pace of a book.  In real life you wouldn't look stop to look around and describe how a certain object looks while the police are chasing you.<br/> Dan Brown uses his skill in developing the characters to move the story.  His characters are interesting because they are believable; they have traits that are in real people. As a reader, it makes the story seem like it could actually happen.  A perfect example of this characterization is when Silias, who basically is the man doing the dirty work for Opus Dei, is told to find the documents at any costs.  This includes murdering someone if he has to.  There is a moment where this character is in the position where he might have to kill someone but in the end he decides against it.  It was interesting to see a "bad guy" that was not pure evil and seemed to have morals.<br/> The best-devolved character is Robert Langdon.  As the protagonist, he is the most important character, and Bown did a wonderful job of creating him.  Because Langdon is a schoolteacher he is someone you would not expect him to handle the many perilous situations in which he finds himself.  However, he proves to be courageous and able to think under pressure.<br/> This book is an incredible read.  Dan Brown writes an amazing novel that you will want to read over and over again.
 Conspiracies, religion, art, murder, puzzles, questions, Jesus Christ, Leonardo Da Vinci... all rolled into one.<br/><br/>I'm not a historical buff nor an art buff, but one thing I learned most from this book was Da Vinci's life and work than I ever did in my college courses. Art classes just teach you linear perspective crap about Da Vinci's work and very little on his life. Brown gave a better insight on who Da Vinci is, what he did, and why he did it.<br/><br/>Religion is a touchy subject in this book. I'm not a religious person, but I still know some things about Jesus. But the "facts" listed here raise more questions on that. It seems to question Catholicism and the Church and most importantly, the Bible.<br/><br/>I'm getting ahead of myself. Even though it's a work of fiction, I just can't help but want to delve deeper into the past of many artists mentioned (including Walt Disney!), the life of Christ, and the Bible. Maybe Dan is persuading the readers to solve puzzles they may have encountered while reading this book.<br/><br/>The book overall is a thrilling read. A murder leads to something bigger than anyone could ever imagine. Descriptions on artifacts and certain historical figures give readers a better picture. I won't go into details on what the book is exactly about and who the characters are. The only thing I could say is, this is a great fast-paced thriller with a few historical facts tossed in. If you have nothing to do on your free time off from work and/or school, pick this up.
 This is definitely one of the most exciting, fast paced, and easy to follow fiction I have ever read.  This book also sparked a number of interest for me, i.e. Dead Sea Scrolls, Da Vinci, and the origin of Christianity.  Every chapter was like a scene in a movie.  I highly recommend this book, to both religious and non religious people!
 This is one book that will amaze you in every chapter and keep those pages turning. Dan Brown's immense imagination burrows its way starting from a murder in Louvre Museum back through the 2,000 years of European history.<br/>Did Jesus have any descendants? Who was really Mary Magdalene?<br/>Did the most spectacular brains of Western Civilization all belong to a secret society? What could be their purpose? And how are all these fascinating questions related to the murder case with which the book begins so "innocently"?<br/>Dan Brown will lead you through the labyrinths of possibilities and juicy conjectures that you've never dreamt of before.<br/>Great non-stop entertainment. Highly recommended.
 Sub line (As far as we know).<br/>Two secret and covert groups have been squaring off since the time of Jesus. One's the Catholic Church, the other, a group of knights who don't want the Church to let the world know that Jesus was a real man who lived an earthly life more than they're telling us.<br/>This story is great from the get-go. And even better, as far as I can tell, it's pretty accurate. If you've ever read Holy Blood Holy Grail, The Templar Revelation, The Hiram Key or any other of the "nonfiction" books out there about this subject, then here's a nail-biter of a narrative, and you know what's going on the whole time.<br/>If you haven't studied these other selections, than this is just the primer to do so. My wife always asks why I read all this conspiracy stuff, but after this book, she's hooked, too.<br/>If you like historical fiction, you can't do better than this!
 I read all of it because Mr. Brown clearly knows how to tell a suspenseful story. His vocabulary and grammar lead thoughtful readers to conclude that he doesn't write especially well, and some editor might have improved this book's tedious composition. His ill-spun history of early Christianity is ludicrous. If fiction of this sort aspires to be credible in some way beyond the story itself -- and Mr. Brown clearly believes his does -- then we must conclude that this novel is not credible. It's especially galling, in this tale about recovering feminine wisdom, that its principal woman character becomes a cypher for knowledgeable men. Was it beyond the reach of Mr. Brown's imagination for the protagonist to have been a woman? Let's hope that his next book shows more craft, better research and a smidgen of insight into the nature of his own story.
 Dan Brown is an illusionist. It attracted, like all good writers successful thrillers American audiences. The ingredients are familiar: Action brutal murder in the singular and plural (serial killing), incomprehension, investigation, doubt, lack of knowledge, tenacity (alone against all), happy ending. Passion thrillers (see my listmania), I know the ropes most used to give the maximum chances of a successful sale. On the "thriller", "Da Vinci" is lourdaud.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is a forger doubled a liar. How can one argue that the Bible (and therefore the Old and New Testament) was a work commissioned by the Roman Emperor Constantine in the fourth century? How can you write that the "Priory of Sion is a secret society founded at the end of XI century by Godfrey de Bouillon" who knows the truth about marriage with Mary Magdalene and the descendants of Christ and therefore lies founder the Church? ... then it is a supposed French association under the 1901 law declared in 1956. And how many other pearls ... like the androgyny of Mona Lisa (Mona Lisa) ... I still laugh.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is a man who has faith hatred of the Christianity in general and the Catholic Church in particular. He is a descendant - representing heresies fought with accuracy since its inception by the Church. These are called heresies the arianism, Catharism and Jansenism. They say that God is a pure spiritual being therefore could not have had a Son of a similar nature to him. But Jesus Christ is fully man and fully God. That is what the Church professes, in full transparency, everyone. The profession of faith of the Church is radically opposed to any elitist philosophy - elected on the one hand and esoteric on the other.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has mixed genres: the thriller, the invention sometimes committed to history, sometimes lies, and hatred skillfully distilled the Church.<br/><br/>I invite the reader critical read the excellent book by Jesuit Father Bernard Sesboüé which dismantles this horror: "The Da Vinci Code explained to its readers." (in French)
 Okay so Mr. Brown based his story on a lot of unprovable hypothesis, so what, so does nearly every writer in this and every other Genre. Why must so many people always compare Langdon to Harrison Ford, that is just stupidity, compare Langdon to Characters Ford has played but not to Ford. The book is a great read fast paced for the most part and quite interesting plot twists in some places, though I prefered "Angels &amp; Demons" more.
 When I read the DaVinci Code, I literally couldn't put it down.  I stayed up half the night so that I could finish reading it.  I thought it was incredibly well written, suspenseful, and intriguing.  I don't normally read much fiction, but there was such a buzz going around about this book that I decided to pick it up, and it was well worth it.<br/>Dan Brown has brought in many controversial things about Christianity in this book, and I noticed it's getting blasted for those in other reviews.  Here's my deal...Dan Brown created a very interesting FICTIONAL book.  It isn't truth...it is fiction.  The catholic church has had throughout it's history a lot of power, and throughout it's history it has misused it's power and created cover-ups.  So, I think that this makes it an obvious target to create a fictional story like this one around that concept.<br/>If you're looking for a quick read that's fast paced, and suspenseful, then pick up this book.  But don't read it if you can't handle seperating fact from fiction in a fictional book.
 The Da Vinci Code begins with the murdering of Jacques Saunière, the Louvre's curator by Silas, a member of the Catholic cult, Opus Dei.  From that point on The Da Vinci Code is a thrilling 452 pages of sheer genius.  The plot is built upon the search for the holy grail and never slows its fast pace until the final page.<br/> After Saunière's death, Robert Langdon, an expert on religious art and symbology, is called in to examine the scene; little does Langdon know, but he is also the number one suspect and is expected to give away incriminating evidence.  While at the scene, gives Langdon a message to go to the lavatory and wait for her there.  From there they send the police on a wild goose chase for Langdon and then escape with a safe-deposit box key from the back of a Da Vinci and from there Sophie and Robert became French fugitives on a mission.  After purchasing useless train tickets they head to 24 Rue Haxo.  After a car-chase through Paris, they steal amored car and head off into the night.  This short introduction to the novel highlights the exhilarating pace of The Da Vinci Code.<br/> Robert Langdon is one of two protagonists in The Da Vinci Code.  He is a trustworthy Harvard professor who incorrectly becomes a fugitive with the help of Sophie.  He doesn't wish to be involved with anything fast, but would rather spend time solving puzzles and studying zymology and art history.<br/> Sophie Neveu, the other protagonist, is an attractive, intelligent French cryptologist and the granddaughter of Saunière whom raised her after the death of her family.  She too enjoys solving puzzles and balances out the shyness of Langdon with her own quick-thinking and witty brain.<br/> Silas, the main antagonist, is a member of Opus Dei and murdered several people throughout the novel.  After facing rejection in his youth, he comes into contact with Bishop Aringarosa who helps Silas to find God's way.  He immerses himself in self-punishment and religion, he believes that in murdering others he is helping Opus Dei and finding God.
 If you haven't even remotely touched/read the book.. I highly suggest you get this Special Edition.  If you only have the original paperback, you should still get this Special Edition!<br/><br/>The depicted pictures are of signifant reference to the story-telling.  And this book is evidently something to read more than once.<br/><br/>If you have to choose between the movie or the book, I would suggest reading the book.  I did not find the movie as entertaining as the book captivating.
 I thought my review of this work would be pretty involved given all of the hullaballoo around it, and the story. I have been under the impression that this book is some kind of very true to life story. I believe, even if it is based on a theory, it is and was never meant to be anything but a story. It is a fantastic story. I thought it was a fantastic book, very engrossing and a nice break from the real world!<br/><br/>It kind of reminded me of "Atlas Shrugged" or "The carpetbaggers"..... I don't know what else to say, If you LOVE picking up a book, and then raising your head three hours later to realize you have been immersed in the story for hours, then this kind of reading is for you.
 A great book. A very pleasant surprise. I finished it very fast and kept awake to finish it.<br/>I liked its use of puzzles, a great historical perspective and its gripping pace.<br/>The twists and turns are truly amazing. Very well crafted.<br/>I also liked its perspective on the current state of the world and how by incorporating elements of compassion we can improve.<br/>A 'must read'.
 This is quite a good Thriller. Much much better than the movie. Brown does a good job linking everything together (obviously what he does best). It's not my favorite work from him, I like Angels &amp; Daemons much better than this one, but it's certainly a good read and I would recommend it if you like thrillers. The illustrated edition gives you a much better idea of the things they refer to throughout the book.
 This is a good fiction book, you will read it fast as you will find dificult to put it down.  However, the emphasis should be in fiction.  It is a novel that claims that it is based in certain true facts.  Not quite so!  For an author that claims to expend long time in researching there are many unexcusable mistakes here.  For example continuously references to the Vatican actions and mentioning the Vatican as it existed throught the 20 centuries of the Church history.  The concept of the Vatican is modern, actually it came into a common concept after the unification of Italy and the loss of the Papal territories during the later part of the XIX century.  Only with the Letran Treaty signed by Musolini in the 1920s the Vatican was born as an independent state.  More properly would be to talk about the Church, the Papacy, but not the Vatican.<br/>The claim that the text of gospels and the Bible were changed by Constantin is false.  As it is false that it was in the Council of Trent that the divinity of Jesus was recognized by the Church, it's also false the concept that Constantin was the one that changed the celebration of the Christian weekly observance from Saturday to Sunday... At the time the book of Revelation was written around 90s A.C.  Sunday was already called the Day of the Lord (Rev 1:10). The interpretation of the name of God as Jehova is erroneous... etc.  Too many failures for an author that claims extensive research... unless there is more sinister and personal hidden "code" behind those mistakes.<br/>There are too many "revelations" made in this book that are just old unproven attacks to the Christian faith just presented under a new cover.  Hope the readers keep in mind that it is a novel and consequently it is fiction, even more when it pretends to be presenting historical facts related to actual historical figures, such as Botichelli, Da Vinci, Newton, etc. etc. but none of then proven by respected historical records.<br/>As a novel it is good, however, as a non-fiction book it has no merit whatsoever. As long as the readers keep it in proper perspective there is no problem with reading it.
 The Vatican can throw all the hissy fits it wants to about this book, but it is still one of the most fascinating, thought-provoking, and well-researched novels of this young century, second only to Bill Jabanoski's "Scarecrow," which is a far more powerful work because of its subject matter and because, as well as Brown writes, he is really not in the same league of genius as Jabanoski.<br/><br/>Although I'd already read this novel three times over  plus, like everyone else, all of Brown's previously ignored earlier works afterwards], I still bought this illustrated edition and enjoy it immensely. I wish they'd published the book in this form in the first place so I didn't have to half wear out my computer going on the internet to check the artwork to see if the things he said were there were.<br/><br/>Even if you've already read the book, get this edition. Let's face it, it is one of those books you'll be reading and rereading for years, and this new edition gives pictures to the words.
 I am an avid book reader of all types of categories. I can absolutley tell you without a shadow of a doubt, this book was<br/>one of the best ever written! Its a true page turner from page one on.<br/>The moment Robert Langdon answers the door to the end of the book is one surprise after another. The history that is revealed in this book is utterly amazing! And well worth the time to look it up on the internet. Especially if your not familiar with Da Vinci, Priory of Sion, etc. The descriptions of the many places visited, made me believe and think i was actually there. This is truly a wonderful, well written book.<br/>I love it! I am a Dan Brown fan now!
 It's really amazing that Dan Brown was only sued by one author. This book pilfers so much from Indiana Jones &amp; the Temple of Doom, Name of the Rose, Adventures of Hudson Hawk, Foucaults Pendulum and presumably Holy Blood Holy Grail that he should have been tied up in the courts for years.<br/><br/>The book covers gender history, religious politics, art, fantacism, asctetism, etc. I was definitely excited and receptive to see someone punch a few holes in Christianity's cloak of respectability. While the material is provocative it's linked in the junkiest, most arbitrary ways. The A/B storyline gag last used to such annoyance in Devil &amp; the White City is used again here; where every chapter ends with the solution of a riddle or just short of the solution of a riddle to leave some bait to lure you through the next plodding police procedural chapter, which are all a snooze. Why did he choose "potboiler" as the genre to explore this material? At the halfway mark I was tired of each new shallow revelation of a yet another religious society, and wished the author would cover something (anything!) in depth. I was tired of beatin gthese idiot characters to solutions. I was begging people to point me at a good summary of the 2nd half so I could be spared the annoyance of continuing. It hedges it's bets that academia is a hard-sell that must have lots of physical action to relieve the poor audiences boredom. Robert and Sophie have no depth whatsoever.<br/><br/>Next up is the movie (the book is a thinly-veiled script) from champion-of-the-dull Ron Howard. Watch for all references to sex to miraculously dissappear from Opies opus.<br/><br/>Spoilers ahead&gt;&gt;&gt;<br/>Worst of all the goal is never reached. But hey we all learned something. Isn't that swell?<br/>Most unforgiveable, the moment the secret-villain was introduced I knew it, because it's the laziest, dumbest gimmick that lazy authors have been thinking is clever for twenty years (See Eyes of Laura Mars, L.A. Confidential, The Phantom Menace, &amp; 2,000,000 other narratives.)
 Great book. Really nice reading. Love detective stories with some mystery flavor.
 The imagery that Dan Brown conjures up is quite vivid throughout the entire novel.<br/>I commend the author for helping people to awaken to other customs, rituals, belief systems and hierarchy within organizations.<br/>From 8-NOV through 23-NOV, celestial bodies will form the Magen David above the planet Earth.  This symbol is discussed in detail, throughout the novel.  I wonder if the author is trying to help people understand that the "Star of David" is not just for the Jewish people.  Dan Brown references this symbol being used by the ancients before Judaism.<br/>The subtle reference to the 325A.D. conference of priests and the casting out of certain Divine Teachings (like reincarnation) was thoughtful, historically accurate, and might help Catholic Christians better understand the levels of hell.<br/>I very much enjoyed this.  What's next, Dan Brown?
 Suspiciously so in fact. That this book is *still* on the top of the heap after this long speaks of a publishing industry that preplans its successes as well as American literary culture. As an earlier reviewer stated, it's a shame they decided to make this book a "bestseller."<br/>I found The Da Vinci Code's so called plot boring, the "astounding" revelations preposterous, and the writing amaturish. Mr. Brown presents a veritable smorgasbord of conspiracies and labors mightily to connect them all together. What results though is a mishmash of convolutions with which Sherlock Holmes would have a problem.<br/>As far as his awesome research, I knew we were in trouble when he mentioned the "ancient" religion of Wicca. Had Mr. Brown troubled to ask, any follower of Wicca could have told him that it was pretty much invented in 1950 by Gerald Gardner and Alex Sanders. That hardly makes it ancient.<br/>I read this (from the library, thankfully) based on the tantalizing synopsis. I'm just glad I didn't waste money on it.
 Scary, very scary. I don't mean to be nasty or holier than thou--I'm a guy who fully agrees with King about "get over intellectual snobbery in writing"--but holy cow.<br/>Its scary how many copies of this book have been sold by word of mouth. It's got a mediocre-at-best concept ripped off from mid-80s conspiracy theories, and is absolutely, positively, and incredibly horribly written.<br/>For example, in one passage, a cargo truck's tires "hum" quietly. But the very next paragraph describes "the truck roaring down the highway." Next paragraph: back to a gentle hum.<br/>One character speaks a select phrase into a phone quickly---it says she "knows how to be precise"....for its time saving virtue. But when she speaks again, she pauses....for Brown to ramble on about some fact he almost left out.<br/>This is what I mean...the book is so poorly written that the author often contradicts himself in successive sentences. The characters are laughably flat. The plot is so ridiculous it would rejected as sotry for a comic book. I really just don't understand why it is so wildly popular...do people really enjoy being treated like idiots? The book really does sound like it was written by an adolescent and intended for 6th graders. Do yourself a favor...pick up some King, Steinbeck, or Tartt instead.<br/>And don't go see it when it graces your local theater either...it has already been optioned--go figure. Hollywood wants to make another brain dead thriller.
 No doubt about it.  Dan Brown knows how to pen a novel.  The Da Vinci Code has all the elements of a great novel.  But truth and facts are distorted and insinuated in this story (big deal, that's what FICTION means).  So if you approach this story as a work of fiction, then it is okay.  But if you truly believe Dan Brown is trying to tell us something more, well, I think you may need to investigate the claims in this book a bit further.<br/><br/>But see, us Christians, well we actually believe the Bible to be true.  We believe Jesus did what the Bible tells us.  Yeah, I know we are a bit over the edge, but that's what we believe.  So it is understandable that some Christians view this novel as an attack on our faith.  I just think that Jesus is much more powerful than any fiction novel, so I feel no need to attack Dan Brown's work.<br/><br/>I hope that Dan Brown's novel inspires people to read other Christian fiction works like that of Frank Peretti, Randy Alcorn, or C.S. Lewis.<br/><br/>See ya next review.
 I was very excited to read this book, given the hype about it.  I have my own ideas of faith/God, but I thought the premise was very interesting and I had an open mind going into it.  However, as another reader said, the plot lost steam about halfway through, and I had to make myself finish the book.  I got to about 10 pages from the end and put it down because it was just taking so LONG!  Those last 10 pages were somewhat interesting, but like the rest of the plot, it was just too conveniently wrapped up.  Plot was thin, characters were thin, denoument of the plot was long and drawn out.<br/>It's amazing what an author's agent/publisher can do to promote such a mediocre book.
 This is the first fiction I have purchased in years and the shallow quality of this writing reinforced my purchase ethics. Characters were so thin and undeveloped as to be cartoonish, the 'clues' and 'connections' seemed to have been chosen by lottery and gooped together in silly ways, from whatever stack of notes was handy, or<br/>dinner conversations remembered. This is the last time I fall for the media hype....I heard this book recommended on NPR I think, so I was truly shocked when it turned out to be sloppy rather than a well crafted conspiracy tale. It was however, a delightful revisit to the Louvre galleries and Westminster Abbey's hallowed halls, crypts and floor tombs.
 This book is a masterpiece. It's that simple. I am completely stunned by both the research and the ability to catapult the reader through strings of clues, riddles, mystery, and suspense. If you are looking for a book that will captivate all of your attention for a fabulous 454 pages, read this. Many compliments to Mr. Brown on his fabulous accomplishment.<br/>enjoy!
 Dan Brown does it again.  This book was amazingly well researched.  Anyone who is going to incriminate.  I say YOU write a better book.  As to Mr. David C. Read.  Read into what you're saying before you spread your misguided opinion to everyone else. According to the "prieure documents," a conclave of Calabrian monks who left from the Belgian Abbey of Orval in 1090 helped secure the election of Godfroi de Bouillion as de facto king of Jerusalem during the First Crusade (but as is well known, he refused the title, accepting only Defender of the Holy Sepulchre), based on their belief that he was a descendant of the Merovingians, and by that fact, according to these documents, also a descendant of King David through Jesus and Merovech. In return, Godfroi secured their installation into an Abbey on Mount Sion. These documents also claim that the Ordre of Sion and the Order of the Temple (officially, the Poor Knights of the Temple of Solomon, later known as the Knights Templar, and officially recognized as such in 1118) were, until 1188, one unified organization with the same leadership.
 Dan Brown digs deeper into the origins of Jesus and religion in "The Da Vinci Code."  Borrowing heavily from "Holy Blood Holy Grail," Brown semi-fictionalizes information regarding the true source of the Holy Grail in this latest thriller.  With enough plot twists to start his own pretzel factory, Brown shocks and awes with deft precision in this wonderful mystery.  While I wasn't personally impressed with his previous work, "Angels and Demons," after reading "...Da Vinci...", I may very well return and reread his other work.  But this one is strongly recommended!
 I finally succumbed to the lure of the Da Vinci code, finding the premise an intriguing one and mistakenly thinking that any book that had been on the bestseller list as long as this one has deserved a look.<br/>The first half of the book kept me turning the pages, getting swept into the breakneck pace, but the psuedo-intellectual intrigues began wearing thin quickly after that.  I'm afraid it just got too much of a stretch that the 'bad guys' were always just half a step behind the 'good guys' no matter how many fantastic escapes they pulled.  It felt more like "The Perils of Pauline" written by a theological think tank.<br/>A nice try, but there are too many unlikely twists and a plot hole large enough to drive a semi through.
 OK, so this was my first Dan Brown book.  I thought it was well written and found the historical notes throughout the book very interesting.  I wish there was an easier way to find out for myself what is actually true, not being one to trust someone just because they put it in print. :)<br/>When the plot is finally uncovered I found myself laughing out loud!  I'm not a big believer in conspiracies...do you know any group of people who can keep a secret? To say that Christianity is flawed because an artist believed Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene and had a child...then to go on and talk about gods &amp; goddesses, the age of pisces and aquarious...I found this so contradictory.  I just do not get people who saw this as so revolutionary!
 Attracted by the window display at Borders Michigan Avenue in Chicago ..., I ventured into the store not knowing that I was in for 4 nights of sleeplessness.  For an art aficionado like me (though not particularly crazy about the Mona Lisa or da Vinci), the plot was a sure hook.  The very first page gets you hooked as you embark on a journey much like peeling away layers upon layers of mysteries and clues.  The prose is taut, the dialogue crisp, and the narrative tight, encouraging you to turn page after page.  You've heard it said before, but the writing makes you feel as if you are part of the scene, witnessing, albeit silently and anonymously from some dusty, shadowy corner of the room the characters are in. Sensational stuff.  Though the ending leaves me wanting to write an additional chapter or two to satisfy the urge to see what the da Vinci Code fuss is all about, I am nevertheless looking forward to his next novel.  Bravo!
 Preview Your Review<br/><br/>Your Title:<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code: Special Illustrated Edition<br/><br/>Here is how your review will appear on the title page:<br/><br/>Fred (darkjaidin187@cs.com), a student doing a book report, February 1, 2005,<br/><br/>the da vinci code is masterful<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is an awesome, off your seat historical thriller that will keep you guessing until the end and when you think you know what is going on, it will flip upside down. The book is about a symbologist named Robert Langdon, who is strangely invited to have drinks with the famous curator, Jacques Sauniere, after Langdon's lecture. Saniere never showed up. When Langdon was back at his hotel in France, he is called by the judicial police and is taken to where Sauniere's body was found, murdered. The captain of the judicial police thinks he might have had something to do with it. After investigating for any clues at the crime scene, a woman named Sophie, who actually is the granddaughter of Sauniere. Secretly Sophie tells Langdon he is in danger and they escape from the police because of how suspicious they are. For most of the rest of the book, they follow the clues left by Sauniere, leading to what they think could be the Holy Grail or the location of the forbidden Lady Magdalene. Throughout the book they are helped and betrayed at the same time, and there are times where they are helpless or in complete control. The book has so many twist and turns, that you sometime have to read parts over again to understand it, but in the end, everything makes sense. I recommend this book to anyone and everyone looking for a good book involving history, art, corruption, secret symbols, secret organizations, murder, and one hell of a treasure hunt. This book is only one of the few books that is over 400 pages and at the same time a major page-turner. There was no part of this book that made me bored. It gave me a new respect for art and such people as Leonardo Da Vinci, who in many ways was a huge influence on the way we live now. Me being a picky reader can tell you this is a book worth buying and is so enlightening and crammed with information, that it truly is among the greats.
 I found the codes that Brown used throughout this book intriguing. I was somewhat disappointed with the beat of the book, however, because I thought it would be paced more like Brown's other book Angels and Demons. Thank goodness for epilogues because I would have been truly disappointed if there wasn't an end to finding the Holy Grail.  The Davinvi Code was worth the read and I will certainly recommend it to others.  And to those who said this plot was all lies, HELLO; this book is fiction!
 The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown was one of three books I bought at one time. I am not typically a mystery fan and what I really enjoyed bout Brown's book is that it is not a "typcial" mystery. It's really great. I read it at the same time as I read My Fractured Life by Rikki Lee Travolta and despite being two different genres, there were a lot of similarities. It's a sign of great authors, crossing typical genre barriers. Da Vinci is more than a mystery; Fractured is more than a Hollywood story. I truly enjoyed both because they refused to be cornered into a genre. Both kept me guessing.
 I was never a big reader until I met Dan Brown. Mom was having shoulder surgery and I was in the waiting room. After about an hour I headed to the local bookstore to  browse around and pass the time. I casually picked up The Davinci Code and read a few pages. Next thing I know, I am buying the book and was on grail quest! The rest is history. This was a life changer for me. It caused me to fall in love with reading.
 El libro está diseñado, escrito y editado sin otro interés que el de convertirlo en película. Es casi un screenplay y sus cortos capítulos no son más que las escenas pre-editadas de una película. Dicho esto, el libro es bastante divertido y se puede disfrutar ampliamente siempre que el lector no sea un "fan" del Opus Dei o tome muy a pecho el nuevo testamento. La interpretación que Brown hace del Santo Grial no es nueva y el hilo que une todos los elementos del libro es bastante débil desde el punto de vista de congruencia historica. El final es desastrozo y falto de imaginación. La conclusión final es que, este es un libro interesante que se disfruta leyendo, aunque no aporta mucho.
 I am very conflicted about the book, mainly because Dan Brown uses a theory that has been proven false by reputable historians, and holds this theory up as truth. The idea that this underlying theory is true gives the book much of its gravitas that has elevated it to its best-selling status. That being said this is still a well written thriller that hooks you from the beginning and keeps you turning pages! And in spite of the false premise there is still plenty of history and classical art and architecture to keep it all interesting. My recommendation is read the book, but try and find a used copy--Dan Brown already has enough Money!
 Read it one riveted session -- with a bucket of beer and chicken and snow on the ground outside. Many readers have found Brown's metaphysical thriller an over-cooked and contrived tale, with much promised and little delivered -- but I say he's a very clever story-teller, with a canny knack for strange detail.<br/>For the sake of all those disappointed souls, may I suggest a book that far exceeds expectations. It's called IN THE GHOST COUNTRY by Peter Hillary -- it's an adventure story, a ghost story, a psychological thriller and a shock-filled memoir by a famous person, all in one. It absolutely knocked my socks off.
 I read the book and to me, it started better than how it ended. I'm Catholic, but not too devout, so in essence vulnerable to theories that can scientifically prove the weaknesses of the Catholic religion. I denounce the Inquisition, the constant changes and toying with the Bible by myriads of people, in Canon Law and other institutions according to the whims of every new pope enthroned, Pius XII's position towards the holocaust, the protection and lying about priest's perversion and child molestation, and even Opus Dei's questionable methods, to just say a very few that come to mind, and to make clear that I wouldn't put one finger on the fire for Catholicism. Even so, I was baptized, my children are baptized and I attend mass at times, and think that it will sure take more than Dan Brown's attempts to make my level of faith erode.<br/><br/>With Catholicism, it is true that you may never know what really happened when Christ was alive, and especially whether all those things about Christ, aside the entire MMagdalene theory, holds true, such as the resurrection, miracles, etc. If on the same book, the Bible talks about Adam and Eve, and later talks about Christ and what he and all of his friends, relatives and predecessors and sucessors did, where are you to draw the line and separate from Bible fiction and non-fiction?<br/><br/>After reading the book I felt like I had foolishly wasted a half week of my time plus $8 bucks. There was nothing I could take away from the book, besides a couple at the most of historical events that proved interesting but which I could have easily seen on History channel in any routine show. I really don't understand the hype, when for instance, pages over pages are filled with space fillers that only serve to thick up the book, e.g., cheap novel writing. I'm even skeptical about Dan Brown's "research" capabilities since 1/2 of the book is unsupported and simply made up, and if I wanted to read pure fiction, I would have bought and read good, decent fiction, not something that looks like a hybrid of both. Upon finishing I felt empty, fooled, deprived of $8 and with certain anger. If it was fiction, then he would've been much better off by providing the audience with a fiction prize, such as the findings of the bones or the lost gospels, and not with ethereal metaphors, what people did not expect or wanted to find.<br/><br/>It is people like you and me who have been manipulated by the media and have been hipnotized into a mediocre literary work much alike cotton sugar which looks bulky but which disappears as soon as you bite into it. Dan Brown should thank all of us who have put an undeserved grain of sand in his bank account.<br/><br/>I give it 2 stars for Mr Brown's commercial and money-making wits, not  for anything else.
 It's missing a little something.
 This book is truly one of a kind. I've read many books, and I have delved into this book more than I have for any other book that I have ever read. I started reading it, and immediately, my jaw dropped. The Da Vinci Code has brought many of my classmates, teachers, and other adults together in a way no other book can. There isn't enough stars in Amazon's selection to rate this book. Great job Dan Brown!
 Once again our hero Robert Langdon is woke up by an urgent phone call. And we are off and running from another dead body. But this time our story has us delving into the secrets hidden in Da Vinci's art work. On a hidden trail left by the Templars. And perhaps a Quest for the Holy Grail. Dan Brown weaves his story mainly around Paris and London this time.<br/><br/>You will not want to put this book down. If you pick up this book, read it without a critical eye, remember it is fiction. If you do this you will thourghly enjoy it. I am left wondering what Robert Langdon will be drawn into next...
 I read this thing at last, alas, and would give it negative 5 if possible.  The characters are supposed to be smart, if not near geniuses in their fields, yet they are constantly rendered speechless, struck dumb, amazed, paralyzed by tidbits of information, aghast, incapacitated, stupefied. So I found it the opposite of a page turner; I was constantly putting it aside while the characters got over their latest paralytic shock and I got over my disgust. In fact, the book got relegated to snippet consumption whilst in the W.C. and took me five or six weeks to get through.<br/><br/>However, I know it was amazingly successful and must have made Dan Brown a few million dollars. So I need help with a question:<br/><br/>WHY?  IN THE NAME OF SHAKESPEARE AND ALL THAT'S COMPETENT, WHY????
 A great story.A must read page turner in which the main characters solve riddles and face enemies while in search of the infamous holy grail.
 This book kept me up at night, and reaching for it whenever I had a free moment! A fantatstic, wonderful read - Intelligent, and yet still easy to read and understand. The anagrams and various other puzzles contained within this book were entertaining as well as engaging - Overall, a phenomenal read that gets my highest remarks! Definitely a worthwhile investment of time and energy!!!
 To everyone who gave this one star and claimed it was blasphemous.  CALM DOWN!!  It's just a work of fiction.  It doesn't make any claims that everything happened just as they are stating it...it's merely offering another view into spirituality and the birth of modern day christianity. Who cares if this book has some inaccuracies?  It was entertaining.  Some claimed to have found this book disturbing.  It is more disturbing to me to see people who have such blind faith in what the Bible says.  Try opening your mind just a fraction.
 This book was pretty addicting at first but after a while it fire old. Langdon has yet another near death experience... oh look he miraculously survives... neat. Also full if crap about "the holy grail" and Jesus's life that I don't really believe. Deception point and Angels and Demons are both better than this one.
 The Da Vinci Code is quite honestly the worst book I have ever had the misfortune of reading.  Dan Brown's success results only from his discussion of the Holy Grail and an interpretation of that mystery which most people have never heard.  That is where the merit of this novel ends.  It is bascially a cookie-cutter novel in the mold of a Michael Crichton or Nelson DeMille novel without the former's frighteningly believeable scenarios or the latter's character depth.  Mr Brown's writing is about on par with Danielle Steele; he tries to manufacture suspense when none is necessary, and key plot points are disapointingly predicatable.<br/>The complete lack of style would not have bothered me had it not been for his argument for moral relativism.  When I say this work is heretical I am not referring to his treatment of Mary Magdalene.  Personally I dont think what he has to say about her is too theologically important.  What bothers me is that he makes the same argument Kevin Lomax makes in Devil's Advocate, an argument that denies the existence of right and wrong.  By having people take part in pagan rituals, and then anouncing they are practicing the correct form of christianity suppressed by the catholic church, he reveals his disgustingly relativistic outlook.  Brown is just one more whiner blaming the catholic church for all of the world's problems and is unable to get even his own facts straight(see the review "Constantine spoke English").  His argument that the church has suppressed "Goddess" worship for two thousand years is ludicrous.  Has he ever heard of the cult of the Virgin?  It is no mistake that their is no mention of Notre Dame in his description of Paris.  The most famous Cathedral in the world being named after a woman is a serious blow to his argument.  Keep in mind that the reverence catholics held for Mary is one of the key complaints many protestant groups voiced before splitting from the church.
 I bought this book after I read a newspaper review promising me an intellectual thriller full of clever puzzles and intriguing historical references. What a disappointment. The history is full of annoying minor and sometimes major errors and at least one glaring math error (an order founded in 1099 isn't more than a millennium old). The puzzles aren't particularly ingenious (why was the professional cryptographer unable to figure out the code to her granddad's bank vault while I got it at once?). Thrilling? Yes, the first 300 pages. Hence the extra star on top of the minimum of one.<br/>However, the worst thing is, that this is just a rehash of Holy Blood, Holy Grail in novel format without adding anything of importance. I feared as much very early on, when the family name of the victim turned out to be Sauniere. If the review had mentioned this, I'd never have bought the book. I even wonder if Dan Brown wasn't hired by the remaining two of the original three authors of HBHG to rescue them from oblivion (they're in the book as Leigh Teabing: Leigh = Leigh...; Baigent = Teabing - I've seen better anagrams).<br/>I really wish that reviewer hadn't been so clueless. I feel cheated.
 This book is really great. I wasn't going to read it but i figured what the heck everyone else is so i might as well see what they are talking about and it was a fun read. As for reviewer RYAN, to put down someone's writting skills is one thing and if you don't like the story that is your opinon but to say someone or their wife is a lesbian is going to far, that was one of the worst things you could say i did report it and hopefully Amazon will cancel your accound and remove the post. It really was horrbile to say. As for the other bad reviews I must say i find them pretty amusing they must be some of those tent revival church people you know the type that bite the heads of live chickens or something during the service. people it's okay to hate the book but lets not get the views of your faith involved okay?
 People care about religion, and it became as a part of people's life. Some people believe in religion, while some others don't. I, as the one who has no belief on the religion, highly recommend "The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown to you.<br/>  Langdon, who is the main character of this book, has this massive knowledge toward religion. With his parter; Sophie, Langdon and Sophie keep finding significant evidences that says there is no god. I am not going to tell any details about the story. However the way story goes is pretty intense and makes readers to read more and more. The evidences and facts that are showed on the book are so shocking and fresh. Some people might say Dan Brown is making lies on his book, but after I read the book page by page, I totally into this book and became the one who believe whatever the book says. Although I am not really sure whether the evidences on the book are true or not, I could forgive it, since it is only a novel. Dan Brown tells these intense and exciting quests with massive amount of information. Information and evidences that Dan Brown shows on his book; "The Da Vinci Code" can be boring, because they are too much. However by showing exciting and intense happening, he shows what he wants to say. This book; "The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown is full of shock, that I was even worry about Christians. Dan Brown shows these strong evidences and facts, and saying that there is no god. Dan Brown is actually challenging toward the whole group who believes in god. Funny thing is Dan Brown's evidences do make sense, and that means people believe in the made-thing.  This book; "The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown was pretty a shock for me. I didn't believe in god, means I do believe there is no omniscient thing, however I couldn't find a way to prove that there is no god. Also there was no one who can actually be against most of people. Still people, who believe in god, would say Dan Brown is making up lies, but I do recommend those people to read this book again closely. "The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown is a novel obviously, but Dan Brown tells us specific evidences in his book. Although "The Da Vinci Code" would be in a novel section of the book store, it means even a lot more than the one in history section.
 The Da Vinci Code<br/><br/>The highly acclaimed Da Vinci Code (written by Dan Brown) was published by Corgi, and has been subject to much controversy due to its daring and even slightly blasphemous content.<br/><br/>The New York Times best seller tackles such delicate issues as the authenticity of the Bible, as well as portraying the Church as a sinister organization, riddled with bribes, blackmail and organised crime.<br/><br/>The epic murder-mystery style book begins with Robert Langdon (fans of the author may recognise him from Angels &amp; Demons) being woken at an obscene hour by an urgent phone call. True to Dan Brown's writing formula, a significant curator at the Louvre Museum has been discovered by the authorities, dead. As a religious symbologist, Langdon was called in to examine the incongruous array of ancient symbols surrounding the recently deceased.<br/><br/>As you may have deduced, the Da Vinci Code is set in contemporary Paris and throughout the book, fords the channel to Great Britain. And, after several revelations, high-speed, cinematic car-chases, and encounters with a formidable albino monk, the book reaches its climax in the heart of Westminster Abbey.<br/><br/>The plot revolves around Harvard professor Robert Langdon, whose enthusiasm and determination to decipher the many codes and riddles scattered throughout the book, and keep his friends from harm's way proves vital to the intricate plotline.<br/><br/>The enticingly enigmatic Sophie Neveu also plays a critical role in the plot. Being the granddaughter of Jaques Saunière (the recently deceased curator), she was always destined to be implicated in the post mortem. On top of this, she is also in the employment of the French Judicial Police via the cryptology department.<br/><br/>As well as being Jaques Saunière's granddaughter, Sophie is also the sole heir to the Priory of Sion (an ancient secret society, founded to guard an ancient, sacred secret)'s key to the whereabouts of the Holy Grail. The reason for this is that Jaques Saunière was a significant member of the Priory. Sophie did not, however, realise this until too late, as she had not made contact with him in ten years, due to a childhood memory which still haunts her throughout the five hundred and ninety three pages of the book.<br/><br/>One particular moment which embedded itself in my mind, took place at the Zurich bank. The scene's action sparked off when the volatile bank manager (Andre Vernet) makes the rash decision to aid and abet the two fugitives (Langdon and Sophie) in evading the clutches of the French authorities. A series of transfixing events ensue, each one more unanticipated and unforeseeable than the last.<br/><br/>Told in third person through the eyes of Robert Langdon, this gives the book a flavour of realism and makes the reader feel more involved in the events that unfold. There are short periods throughout (a few paragraphs), when the story is seen via Sophie Neveu's point of view, but these instances are few and far between. This switch in perspective contributes to the book, by allowing the reader to observe events from multiple points of view.<br/><br/>The narrator is constant throughout, but a few chapters are told in flashback style. Several events are related by characters in the book themselves i.e. reminiscing.<br/><br/>The language used is vivid, and the author's vocabulary is vast and varied. Due to the nature of the book, a variety of technical terms are used to enhance the reader's comprehension of the plot. Don't worry however, as the terms and diagrams are always reader-friendly and nearly always explained in further detail in parenthesis or a side-paragraph. The author has one noticeable tendency though; repeating verbs. For example, Dan Brown describes Sophie's Smart-Car as being "gunned" forward repeatedly in neighbouring paragraphs. This caught my attention, in a bad way. The author's lucrative amounts of technical explanation more than compensate for the somewhat necessary lack of poetic description.<br/><br/>The book is awash with riddles and puzzles, and the prominently English dialogue is occasionally mingled with French. Which is kind of inevitable, considering half of the book is set in France.<br/><br/>The subtlety of language is used heavily in the many puzzles and anagrams laced throughout the book, as well as the author playing on natural human preconceptions. Bearing this in mind, I'd say that the book was written with adult readers in mind, and could scarcely be comprehended by a reader with a low attention span. The Da Vinci Code is, for the most part, an earnest book, that tackles some earnest issue. However, the text is occasionally spiced up by humour, usually in the form of a witty quip or flippant remark from an exasperated Robert Langdon. The text size of the Corgi edition of the Da Vinci Code (the edition I have in front of me) compliments the book perfectly; a small, yet legible size, which confident and independent readers should have no trouble coping with. Also, due to its length, it is printed on wafer-thin pages- rather like the Bible. This is also a congruent decision, as the plot practically revolves around the bible and Christianity.<br/><br/>Whilst reading the book, you might get the impression that the plot progresses at a crawling pace, however, this feeling is only emulated, because the plot consists of several intricately intertwined events, each unfolding in fast succession.<br/><br/>The book is a welcome mix of fantasy, reality and myth, and could therefore potentially be enjoyed by a wide a range of readers.
 A great premise and fascinating historical religious esoterica are married to a pedestrian mystery and monochromatic and predictable characters.  Brown is what Harlan Ellison would call an "author", as opposed to a "writer".  He is capable of producing easily digestible, and therefore popular material, but his work has no literary merit.  A typical MTV attention span is ideal for optimum enjoyment.  This would actually be a good beach/airplane read.  The reading experience would be enhanced by crying babies, people noisily noshing cheap peanuts and occasional turbulence induced nausea.
 A gripping enough read but, come on, it's just fantasy.<br/><br/>For Mr Brown to question the accuracy of the Bible based on a painting an artist did years later of a scene described in the Bible is just silly and nonsensical. But for people to think this now re-writes the Bible is just plain stupid.  Even though I may haves seen a fictional TV show called Star Trek it does not mean there is a Star Ship Enteprise out there fighting Klingons. Same with this book. It's a work of fiction.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend that if people insist on believing something about God and the Bible, they actually take the time to read the Bible itself rather than going with this guy's odd teachings.  He's a fiction author - he makes up stories to entertain and make money - that's what he does and his approach is obivously very popular. But he's not a Bible teacher and definitely is not someone who's opinion should be trusted when it comes to matters of your life and death, heaven and hell, salvation and eternity.  Really.  If you are wanting to learn about that then I strongly suggest you go to the source material - inspired by the One who actually does know.
 Great book, but don't think it's something you can start and stop from time to time.  Well-written in plot, descriptive in setting and characterization.  I loved comparing with friends who figured out what and when.<br/>Highlight...find others who have read this and compare notes on who would play the screen version.
 I found this to be a good book and while I have not changed my views on the interpretation of catholicism, history or christianity, it sparked some questions and made for some interesting conversations.  The quest for the Holy Grail in this book was intriguing to read.<br/>Any book that inspires me to do a little research online is well worth the time to me.
 Okay, I admit I read it in one sitting but please be aware that this book is the literary equivalent of Lethal Weapon 4.  Lots of mindless action, stilted dialogue, naive cultural viewpoints, and an ending that leaves you rather embarrassed that you read the book.<br/>And of course be sure to use Google to find the historical inaccuracies and author indulgences.
 I'm not a reader of fiction books, but The Da Vinci Code is an exception.  The combination of facts and fiction in this book should keep any reader intrigued.  I read this book at the time of Mel Gibson's "Passion of the Christ" release.  Needless to say, two widely opposing views were presented in Gibson's and Brown's account of Christ's life.  I was a little put off by the constant twists and turns in The Da Vinci Code, but this is characteristic of a murder mystery novel, I suppose.  The ideas in Dan Brown's book can further be explored in "Bloodline of the Holy Grail", and countless other investigative books and articles written on the subject.
 I admit, I too saw this book on the bestseller list and was intrigued.  A relatively unknown author's book debuting in the top 10?  Had to check it out, and boy do I have buyer's remorse.<br/>  The book is, in a word, lousy.<br/>  Mr. Brown must have some serious Catholic school damage, because the entire book is a rant about how "the Church" has subverted our 'true spiritual nature' as Goddess-worshipping free-loving wood nypmhs. "The Church" is responsible for all the male-centered evils that have been and are being wreaked upon the world.  And "the Church" contains high officials who direct their acolytes to murder people in their attempt locate the Holy Grail.<br/>  And of course, as pointed out by other readers, Brown heavily laces the book with the ridiculous theory that Jesus was not the Son of God but merely an important historical figure who married Mary Magdelene because it was politically advantageous (He was of the line of David, she of the Solomon line) and they produced offspring whose lineage survives today.  Of course they did.<br/>  The characters are paper thin, the plot is obvious, and the ending is anticlimactic.  A big waste of time.
 Wonderful book, wonderful illustrations, enthralling mystery...it's a good STORY, which is what even the author said during the interviews done with him on the motion picture. A good, fictional story, with just enough facts to be believable, however it is just a story. Wonderfully written and exceptionally rich in detail and intrigue. A must-read.
 This seems to be the book of the year and shows no signs of slowing down. I was excited to read it, but that came to a grueling end as I trudged through Brown's "research." My college freshman English professor would of marked down my paper with such flimsy research. It took me all of two minutes to find on the internet that the sect Opus Dei does not even have monks. One of the main characters of the book could not even exist, so much for Dan's research. I also would question that five million women were killed as witches in the Middle Ages. My research could only find that maybe 15,000 died, while sad, not close to the 5,000,000 stated in the book. As for the story of Mary Magdalene and Jesus' marriage, that has been around for years and is nothing new, as most of the reading public seems to believe. And just because Dan says it is true does not make it true. I had such hopes for this book and was sorley disappointed.
 I don't think I could possibly say enough good things about this book. The combination of 2 of my favorite subjects (art history and cryptology) in an extremely well written, intelligent novel made this an instant favorite. Not only will it keep you interested (I read it in just 6 hours because I refused to put it down) but you can learn so much from it. You will literally feel smarter when you put the book down after finishing than you did when you first picked it up. That in itself makes it a must read!<br/>There will of course be a (very) few, such as the anonymous reviewer that posted a few days ago, that are afraid and intimidated by the presentation of the FACTUAL history of their religion. But those few are people who find little enjoyment in fun and intellectual activities.<br/>That said, I would whole-heartedly encourage all book lovers to snap this book up ASAP and dig in. But I'm warning you - you won't come up for air until the very last paragraph has been read!
 Not only does this book present valuable theories on the subject of Christianity and the Holy Grail, but it is also an amazing piece of fictional writing. I literally could not put it down. Stayed up all night and late into the morning to finish it at the expense of a couple missed meetings ;)<br/>Seriously, though, I'm a novice on Grail theory and know just enough to recognize the basic ideas presented and I found this book enlightening enough on the topic to teach, yet fascinating enough as an adventure to read through and not question the validity of the theories as fact.<br/>Amazing. Would (and have) recommend it to anyone.
 This book is a work of fiction.  My aunt called it anti-Christian and the whole controversy surrounding this book is absolutely ridiculous.  I read the book before learning about the controversy about it.  I did this on purpose.  This book is a work of fiction not something to contemplate your faith on.  The theories proposed in this book do make you think.  I am Catholic and I find it very interesting to read anything having to deal with religion.  If anyone would have a religious objection to this Work of FICTION...then it might be that it dosn't look fondly on the Catholic Church at times and talks about pagan religion.  It brings in many religions.  Regarding the unfondness towards the church, many Catholics I know don't always look upon the Vaticans rules as totally acceptable.<br/><br/>Beyond this is was an excellent book.  It does require a good amount of thinking to keep up with the plot in points.  If you like a book that makes you think and sucks you in until the very last page you'll love this book.  I suggest reading the book before you see the movie because I'm told the movie might be quite different than the book.  Remember, don't take this book as some kind of controversial document.  It's a GREAT work of fiction.
 My Mom got me this book for Easter knowing I'm a fan of Arturo Perez-Reverte, Umberto Eco, and other writers of the "intellectual thriller". A week later, the peanut butter egg is still on the counter, but I've gobbled up the book. Dan Brown has succeeded in creating a rich, exciting, smart thriller more addictive than jelly beans. His characters are tremendously interesting (if a bit cliche), his description of Paris, London and Scotland perfect, and the controversial ideas presented very intriguing. Few thrillers are intellectually stimulating and still very exciting. "The DaVinci Code" succeeds at both.
 This book actually reminds me of Jurassic Park, and other books by Michael Crichton.  The author really knows his subject (or can fake it well enough to get past a non-expert), and includes enough details to disguise the fact that the entire premise is pretty preposterous.  You can't take away from Brown that he wrote a real page-turner...it was suspenseful and the puzzles were fun to try to figure out.  Anyone who is interested in art, history, religion, and especially the combination of the three will enjoy it.
 READ THIS BOOK! MY COPY IS NOT LEAVING MY SIDE! THE BEST BOOK I'VE EVER READ AND I'VE READ SOME FASTASTIC BOOKS! EAT YOUR HEART OUT HARRY POTTER!<br/>THIS IS HARRY FOR ADULTS ONLY 10 TIMES A GOOD!<br/>SUSPENSE, INTRIGUE, MYSTERY, POSSIBLE TRUTH. ANCENT QUEST REVEALED.<br/>A MUST READ!<br/>BUY IT TODAY.<br/>If your waiting for your spouse, child, parent or someone to finish it don't wait get your own copy you'll want to keep it and read with a pen, trust me you'll use it.<br/>Wow doesn't even begin to express how great this book is.<br/>It keeps you surprised until the very end.
 Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" is a must-read; anyone interested in mythology, history, and art, as well as thriller novels will not be disappointed. But I'm not going to rant about how wonderful it was, since you can read what others have written around this to get that---just bear in mind the writing isn't anything original, as far as format and style goes-it's very predictable and cookie-cutter.
 Well there's not much I can say that probably hasn't already been said about this book.<br/><br/>I've never been much of a fictional historical religious buff but much of its based on fact even though there is a bit of controversy surrounding this book.  It flows well and its a book you'll probably have a hard time putting down like I did.<br/><br/>There a few rare books out there that are so powerful and interesting that it gives you either a whole new outlook on life or a new hobby.  After reading this book I was lot more interested in religious works and biblical history in general.  To me that's a sign of an amazing book.<br/><br/>While there are some people who may be offended by some of the things said in this book, its in the fictional section for a reason and I think it needs to be treated as such.  This isn't a true account although there are some true historically accurate points.  If you read the book and take in that account, then I think it will be a lot less offending and a lot more enjoyable.<br/><br/>Either way I enjoyed this book immensely.
 Am I the only one here who had no strong feelings for this book?  I was neither offended nor enlightened.  Simply this was just an ok book.  At the beginning the plot was interesting and all of the extraneous facts actually served some type of purpose, but about midway through the book lost its zeal.  It became a typically mystery with an average ending.  Its topic was relatively new (a mystery surrounding the church) but that does not make up for following subsequent mystery rules.<br/>There are better books out there...that will truly wow you.  The fact that this book is doing so well disheartens me as there are many more books more deserving.  Look around people, just don't follow the crowd.
 I haven't read Dan Brown before, suspecting that there was little substance vs. style in his writing. However, after seeing this book on the best seller list for so long I gave it a try. Darn it, I was right the first time. As I read, three issues stood out. First, all the research could have been done in two days on the internet. If the author spent more than that, it was not apparent. Second, character development was cartoonish at best. You could not feel sympathetic or engaged in these shades. A cryptologist who can't recognize an anagram? Bah! And finally plot development,as if you could find it. This book is similar to so many others that believe that excessive description will make up for a lame plot with overworked and trite devices. No doubt, Mr. Brown will make more money in the future, try not to let it be yours.
 When I first picked up The DaVinci Code, I'll admit I was curious.  Almost immediately the reader is catapulted into an intense Parisian murder scene at the Louvre. I was into it, really into it, I actually devoted up to six hours of a saturday to read this book. However, I found myself shaking my head more and more saying, "no, this is ridiculous." And then there just came a point when I said no to the whole idea of it. The distortion of facts about DaVinci and his paintings is just TOO much.  Not only does the book become a complete farce, but the writing deteriorates at a rapid pace as well.  The whole thriller starts unraveling with laughable coincidence that springs up from places where you would most obviously expect.<br/>The person I really felt bad for after putting this book down was the man who had been defamed with no way to save himself, that would be Leonardo DaVinci. Readers would be wiser to pick up an actual art history book that truthfully follows this master painter.
 I read this book just from the perspective of wanting a good mystery to read - the religious 'accuracy' aspects didn't concern me.  And - it simply didn't hold my interest very well.  The plot seemed fairly lite, and the characters weren't well developed.  I probably scanned through about 1/4 of the book's pages.  I suspect that Dan Brown recognized that the religious implications of what he wrote would make the book sell - and for that he is correct!
 A friend sent me the RandomHouse internet quest for the Da Vinci Code ...I was hooked! I spent half a day in the office solving the clues, getting other colleagues involved. The pre-marketing was great. On my last visit back to the states, I picked up the book in the airport. I nearly finished it durning my 8,5 hour flight (instead of sleeping). I couldn't put it down. When I arrived, I immediately bought a book about Da Vinci, to check out painting details that I missed when visiting the originals. The combination of art, history, twists on religion and even just revisiting the Louvre, were so well described .... it was just like being there. I have recommended the book to EVERYONE I talk to! Long live the the Priory of Sion.
 Wow!  I am so turned on to the interesting factoids about Leonardo Da Vinci, Religion, Paganism, the Roman Catholic Church and more!  I couldn't put this book down.  It was a fabulous read, educational and full of suspense.  I admit, it reads as if intended for a movie (wouldn't be a bit surprised!),but it's so damn good anyway.  It truly charged me with interest in the topics mentioned above, I'm thirsty for more and researching!  Take a chance, it's so worth it!
 This story is astounding. I was on the edge of my seat, turning page after page as this adventure progressed. It literally takes off from the first page and never slows down. The characters are well developed and just when you think you have it figured out...the plot thickens. Dan Brown really blew my mind with his interpretation of the Holy Grail in the end. I like how this story doesn't leave you hanging. Each of his books are stand alone stories.
 In his breakthrough novel, Dan Brown re-introduces the reader to Robert Langdon, an expert from Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts.  Brown stays true to form in this gripping read - you won't want to put this book down!  "The Da Vinci Code" is full of rapid-fire surprises that are likely to leave one breathless, as the crew risks their lives in search of the Holy Grail. Brown's remarkably surrealistic work of fiction is literally teeming with fascinating anecdotes - which leave the reader shocked, stunned, and enthralled.<br/> ...]
 Dan Brown &amp; Ron Howard's themes are incomprehensible without an understanding of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. If u want to understand Jesus, John Forbes Nash, Da Vinci or the illuminati, u need to understand schizophrenia. I suggest Rodney St. Michael's books:<br/><br/>1) Illuminati: Healing and Developing the Mind (ISBN:0595259669)<br/><br/>2) Little Voices: A True Paranoid Schizophrenic Adventure (ISBN:0738823279)<br/><br/>3) Sync My World: A SEA &amp; Nautical Map to Relative Peace (ISBN:1411602862)<br/><br/>Once u read these books, you'll realize how funny &amp; incredible Dan Brown is!
 The action, intrigue, and trail of puzzles in this book made The Da Vinci Code one of the best I've read this year. As long as you can willingly suspend disbelief when it comes to trails of "hidden" knowledge, this book will keep you turning pages all the way to the (not surprising at all by then) end.
 Haven't read a thriller since Kolympsky Heights or Fourth Protocol that is good as this one. It turned me on to Brown's previous books. Angels &amp; Demons is even better than this one, but with the same Robert Langdon in charge. At any rate, get both of them, read A&amp;D first, in possible.<br/>You won't be able to put either one down. I read straight through them in  a couple of days and am now on Brown's earlier work, Deception Point.
 This book is better than Angels and Demons, but still a highly flawed work.  The Da Vinci Code suffers from heavy handed foreshadowing, contrived conveniences, cardboard characters, bad pacing and (again--just like in Angels and Demons) incorrect facts which skew history, ignore the laws of physics, and force the reader to suspend disbelief past the point of acceptability.<br/>Most scary (and the reason for 1 star rather than 2 or 3) are the large numbers of readers who believe EVERY word that Dan Brown writes and quote the book like it's a non-fiction work.  Read it if you must, but remember that it's fiction....
 I first bought The DaVinci Code on audiotape.  I stayed up all night listening to it.  I was spellbound.  Next I bought it in book form as my husband prefers the written word.  I found the unabridged CD at Amazon.com but no longer stay up all night, age has it's limits!  As a survivor of priest abuse, I read everything I can find that touches on sex scandals and the abuse of power in organized (but institutional) religions.  Dan Brown never claimed Code as authentic, but when the Vatican dictated it as evil, I laughed out loud.
 Our book club read this book this past month.  It sparked a lot of conversation and we all found it very interesting.  You know a book is good when the majority of people reading it felt compelled to stay up really late every night reading until they finished it.  In other words, we could not put it down.  The codes were so interesting.  Highly recommend this one.
 I bought the book in order to read it before the movie comes out, successfully avoiding the hype for over two years.<br/><br/>It is definitely a page turner, with all of the plots twists and mysteries to be solved.  However, having guessed (correctly) early on who the ultimate villain was, I found myself more reading to confirm my suspicions than to find out what happens.  The long history lessons are good for those who may not know about it, but since this is my discipline, I wished that Brown would "get on with it."  Anyone who's taken a good Art History 101 class will be able to figure out many of the clues and "Code" of the book.  The background information shared between Robert and Sophie was like sitting in a classroom; it did not resemble true dialogue, especially for two people on the run.<br/><br/>I am torn as to defining how good the book is.  On the whole, the premise is intriguing.  However, it seems that Brown read a lot of great historical theory and had to find a way to fit it all in to one book.
 The plot is not as good as one would hope. The best part about this book is that the theories about the Holy Grail, whether they are true or not, are interesting to read.<br/>There is a lot of insight to how references to the Grail and the lost feminine are hidden in art, like Da Vinci's and other painters. The facts are interesting to read, but sometimes Brown's history lesson takes away from the story. At points in the book he goes on for pages that are just about religious history. The result is the story was not as good as it could have been.
 Good book.  Not the best book I ever read, but I enjoyed it.
 'THE DA VINCI CODE' has spent the better part of almost two years on the top of the bestsellers list so if you haven't already read it I am sure that you at least know the basic plot line.  If not I am sure that the many reviews on this page have rehashed it for you so I am not going to.  I am just going to briefly say that I thoroughly enjoyed this book and while I see that there are many mixed reviews here (as there should be with anything this widely consumed) I urge you to purchase it, borrow it, or just somehow get your hands on a copy and judge for yourself.<br/><br/>Several people have argued that for many the line between the fictional story and reality has been blurred and too much of this book has been taken for fact.  However, as someone who would never have looked into anything further than what I had been taught during my years in catholic school, I would have never been made privy to the fact that some of these ideas even existed much less had the chance to research any of these ideas myself.  I don't suggest that you believe everything in this book, it is a work of fiction, but if most of the topics discussed in this book are new to you, or if you just want to see what all of the hype is about, I do suggest that you read the book and if so inclined look into the theories discussed (as there are many books and web sites dedicated to just that) and form your own opinions from there.  To say the least this book is thought provoking and makes for a great book club discussion!
 Running To What<br/>  Into the Wild, by Jon Krakauer, is the story of a young man who after college, let go of his family connections and the majority of his material belongings to lead a life of tragedy.  The life of Chris McCandless was a curious one.  Many people have been fascinated and dumbfounded by the choices he made in life.  His behavior was not as extraordinary as many seem to think.  Chris was simply attached to the idea of the pure independence.  One can only hypothesize the reasons for his extreme behavior, but really we will never know the true reason he ventured out on the adventure he did.  Chris took off and disappeared like he did because of he seriously disapproved of his father Walt.  He held a great resentment towards his father for cheating on his mother when he was a child.  Yet that was merely an individual incident he used in order to have a "reason" for his ill feelings.  Chris had an underlying problem with his father's expectations and ideals.  He resented his father's choices and way of life.  This resentment towards his father is what led him to completely detach from his family, change his name and wander off to the west. Chris' distaste for his father began when he took his first road trip cross-country.  Before his trip he was following his father's footsteps en route to financial success.  He had started his own copy business in the neighborhood at the age of twelve and, later had  done sales for a local contractor, eventually having his own crew of people working under him.  Over all he had a hint of capitalism running through his blood and seemed to be good at it.  On his trip he visited his hometown of El Segundo, California and discovered that his father had cheated on his mother with his first wife when Chris was a child.  When Chris was two years old, Walt fathered another son with his first wife, and led a secret life.  Upon finding out about Walt's dishonesty, Chris simply kept his feelings to himself and allowed his bad feelings to build and build.  It wasn't until two years later that his true colors began to show.  His anger started to seep out and the fact that he wasn't happy became apparent to his mother.  Chris' father valued financial stability and the approval by society but this type of success wasn't important to Chris who he valued freedom and individualism.  At one point in the book his ill feelings about money are discussed.  Chris' mother Billie stated that the lifestyle they provided for Chris and his sister was one he was embarrassed by.  "Her son, the teenage Tolstoyan, believed that wealth was shameful, corrupting, inherently evil" (115).  Where did this attitude towards capitalism emerge?  Some believe that Chris was influenced by his readings.  Chris' opposition of money and societies materialism stems from his father's devotion to popular values.  Chris' moral code derived from his lack of respect for his father; therefore, he rejected anything that Walt considered to be correct.  In graduating from college Chris felt like he had fulfilled his requirements for his father and set off to lead a life disconnected to all that could resemble the life he knew.  Had there been a better relationship with his father Chris would have been a different person.  His ideas might have been more cognitive, cautious and less extreme.  Yes I believe he would have still been one to seek wild forms of adventure, but perhaps he would have remained in contact with his family.  Instead of traipsing into the wilderness of Alaska anonymously, Chris might have notified his family of his plans in case he never made it out.  Chris entered the wilderness with an attitude that he would survive and if he didn't then so be it.  If Chris had a desire to be apart of his families' lives then he probably wouldn't have been on such a selfish rampage; therefore, he wouldn't have been so daring and would've brought more supplies for himself.  Loving his family could have given him something to live for, perhaps a sense of value.  In order to feel like an individual the children feel the need to break away and find their "own way of living.  In the case of Chris, his father clearly had a control issue.  Even though it was not intentional, the over baring control and pressure he imposed on Chris truly ruined the potential of any sort of good father-son relationship.  It was the act of his father's dishonesty that gave Chris a reason to despise his father and everything he did or thought.  It is because of the reasons that I feel Chris McCandless decided to sever his ties with his family, seek validation through his readings and create his own reality and path for life.  He let go of a capitalistic way of life, partly because he liked the idea of it, but mostly because he disliked his father's way of life.<br/> *All quotations correlating to page numbers are by J. Krakauer in the Anchor Books edition of Into the Wild (New York, 1996
 This is great read - one of the best mystery thriller (adventure?) novels out there. I have read a few of Dan Brownâ€™s other books and would rate them 3 stars. The simple formula he carries through all his novels works in the Da Vinci Code - the plot is so complex and full of great information that if the style were different it would be unreadable. It questions religion, it questions old beliefs, it is deliciously provocative and at the same time a commercially cracking thriller.
 This book completely blew my mind.  It is not often that I read a novel that had me immediately, after reading the last page, running to my computer to research the secret societies, symbols and other topics of this book.  I found it very intriguing and exciting.  It is definitely a book that makes you think and I wouldn't consider it a light fast read, although not being able to put it down myself, it didn't take me long to finish it.  Definitely one of those books that you wish could last another 300 pages. A MUST READ!!!!
 Not that 1,597 is better than 1,596 reviews, but ... The writing did not disturb me, or the chapter lengths.  The anti-Catholicism was really low-grade heresy tho.  Constantine was not responsible for the number of gospels nor the divinity of Christ. And it gets worse from there.  The pure English religion stripped the Blessed Virgin as place holder for the most perfect of human beings. Martyrdom and sainthood were equal opportunity occupations until the reformation particularly in England sought to strip women of spiritual careers and forced them to burn their saint books.  Perhaps no other religion has a tradition of female geniuses and mystical writers as does medieval Catholicism. Women ruled spiritually not by goddess pretensions but by having a deeper understanding of the message of Christ than those scrambling up one artificial hierarchy after another. Christ came for all women; he had women followers MMagdalen --not the apostles -- got the scoop on the resurrection; and the early church thrived on female support.  The Merovingians were Catholic because Clotild converted her husband Lothar, France is Catholic because Joan of Arc chased out Henry VI, Constantine was converted by his mother, Helen and Augustine by his mother Monica.  A religion full of viragos -- no feminism needed till post witch-burnings (protestants 2 to 1 over RC's) and socially enforced marriage for all women for economic survival ... Amen.
 Okay, I am a christian, and this book was pretty good. Clearly this guy has no idea what actually happened, but he is good at making rNdom stuff  up. The Holy Grail is not Mary Magdalene, anybody knows  that. So that wws my review
 I have come to love this book. Dan Brown is a novelist of quite extraordinary genius in that while he is very possibly the worst writer of fiction I have ever read, he has produced a work of such hilarity that I could hardly bear to put the book down! Cardboard (well, flimsier than that) characters including the interesting man with the Mickey Mouse watch, the clever French girl, the amazing not-quite-dead-yet museum curator, the crippled English maniac (YAWN! find someone else to do villains America), blindingly obvious plot turns, the lack of any real twist, codes a retarded three year old could solve - and he teaches writers??  Just brilliant... as for his woeful knowledge of Europe - The Aristocats was a more realistic portrayal of Paris! All these massive holes in plot, character, realism are, however, mere quibbles. I cannot think of another writer who has stirred up so much controversy - just look at the number of reviews - from so little. Buy this book and laugh yerself silly. As for me I'm going to read everything he's done. I deserve to be punished.
 This story began with great promise.  It appeared to be a non-stop type of novel.  About midway, however, it became clear that the author had a personal agenda to pitch.  When the plot ultimately degraded into a "car chase" I actually put it away for a month or so.  I finally finished reading the book this morning, and the ending is clearly designed for a B-Rated Hollywood film (Hmmm, maybe Richard Gere could play the lead role.)  This book went from great to a grating disappointment!
 There are so many disappointments in this book, I honestly don't know where to start.  The two main characters are boring to the point of tears. When it comes to emotion and action, the writer is forced to do it in description. The characters can't and don't speak like people on the brink of staggering discovery with danger at every turn. Instead, every time they open their mouths, I felt like I was sitting in a lecture room. All action, any energy the story had going for it came to a grinding stop. The writer made a point of beating us over the head that he was highly educated, but does that mean, he has to talk through the entire book like he's standing behind a lectern?<br/>The next pot hole in this book is that if the names of the main characters had been removed from the pages, I wouldn't be able to tell which one was speaking because they both sound identical. They had all the depth of a wading pool. Martha Stewart expresses more taunt drama explaining how to boil water.<br/>The writer has a lot to learn about conflict, action, and putting characters in danger. Each time the characters were in danger, or had a puzzle to figure out, the writer would explain how a character would be shocked, stomach turning, blood run cold, blah blah blah and drag it out for another paragraph to squeeze as much trite suspense as possible. And the way they got out of danger was so incredibly contrived as to be laughable.<br/>And how many times do we have to be told about the feminine this or feminine that? It was clear that the writer was so much more interested in writing a history book than telling a story. Every new discovery side tracked the story while we got yet another lesson.<br/>While there is no end how bad I thought this book was, by now my opinion has been made.
 first off this book is 4 and a half stars. There are the critics who say it is oh so far fetched and they couldnt bear to enjoy it. Well the knights templar is real. They relly did go to israeal as guards (now whether or not they actually found solomons treasure well thats just speculation). But they actually did become very rich partly because they were the first bankers on record. It is also true that they were almost as influential as the king of spain so consequently they were slaughtered on friday the 13th. All of that is true. the only fiction in it is the priory of sion which was made up by some mad frenchman in order to scam people in the 20th century and of corse the charters and story. All im saying is that i recomend this book and to keep an open mind. Also maybe you should form your own opinion by doing your own research or reading "Holy Blood, Holy Grail"
 Swords at Sunset and The Da Vinci Code are two very good books, non-fiction and fiction that should be read as a set for a meaningful appreciation of the Holy Grail story. I thoroughly enjoyed the fictional Da Vinci Code but was left needing more information on research into the Holy Grail. I filled that need by turning to something of a non-fiction companion book, Swords at Sunset by Michael Bradley, who also employs thorough research and archeological evidence to contend that the Knights Templar spirited descendents of Jesus to North America centuries ago. The Holy Grail became particularly established in what is today Ontario and Quebec, Canada, and Vermont and New York State. Bradley also draws on The Book of Mormon to piece together an absolutely enthralling and "true" story of Grail knights at conflict with Indian tribes. It may seem too fantastic to be taken seriously, but the book is rich with supportive evidence, including photos of ancient European weaponry found at Niagara and remnants of centuries-old millworks in eastern Canada, plus evidence of "white" people on the Atlantic coast of both countries - centuries before Columbus. I highly recommend both of these well written and engaging books. Well done Dan Brown and Michael Bradley!
 I loved this book. Why? Because it did what a book is supposed to do.  It was entertaining, and took my mind off the "real" world for a time.  That is what a book is supposed to do and this one does just that.<br/>However, it also made me do some research...a book that makes you think...now there is a novel idea!<br/>I did research on DaVinci, and looked at his art and writings in a whole new light.  I also did research on the various other Churches and socities mentioned...by doing that I learned some quite valuable history. I have barely scratched the surface of what I intend to learn from this book, and I look forward to researching even more.<br/>Thank you Mr. Brown for giving me an opportunity to LEARN.
 "The Da Vinci Code" is fast-paced and exciting, and written in an easy and engaging style. It appears somewhat influenced by Hollywood, with its characterization and slightly disbelief-suspending plot. The main characters seem to be able to get out of every situation, surviving life-threatening encounters so often that you start to believe them to be untouchable rather than smart-thinking.<br/><br/>The concept of a secret code is based on the gnostic gospels, and the book characterizes Catholicism in a less-than-favorable light, glorifying Langdon and Neveu, the investigators and protagonists, as heroes. Because of this, it can be seen as offensive. However, with such a fictional style as this, it is hard to take Brown wholly seriously in his claims.<br/><br/>An easy and enjoyable read; an interesting concept but one that I would only explore with imagination.
 For anyone who doesn't rate this book 5 stars, get over it.  I read the books months ago in the first printing and immediately told everyone I knew to read it.  Its simply the most entertaining book of the year.  Is it accurate? Not 100%, but then again Eco's works on the history of the church while far more tedious are not 100% accurate either.  If anyone had bothered to read any other works by Brown they would know that being 100% accurate loses out to entertainment at times.  This is a work of fiction.  That means he made it up.  As Gore Vidal says, you can do and say anything in fiction because its not real.  If you want to battle through tedium (I have) read Eco, but don't beieve all of it.  If you want entertainment read Brown. Read his other works too, but for God's sake don't begin to think this is hitorically accurate, its fiction!
 First and foremost, Dan Brown's book is a thriller. It grabs you and hooks you and carries you along, using all the techniques of the trade (cliffhanging chapter endings, etc.) to do so.<br/><br/>Yet, it is his metaphysical ponderings that generate all the excitement. And even these are not new, but a retelling of a story previously published.<br/><br/>Why then, has this book become so popular? Is it a combination of these two elements that has made The Da Vinci Code a perennial bestseller? Yet, for all that, others have used this same formula without Brown's success. Perhaps, it's his good karma from some past life.<br/><br/>At any rate, I appreciate Brown's ability to keep my interest until the end of the book, and that he had the courage to open people's minds to another, esoteric way of looking at historic figures. For these reasons, I give him four stars.
 What happens when you combine ancient history, Jesus Christ, and a Harvard Graduate all into one novel?  You get Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code.  From the first pages it is impossible to tear oneself away as you follow Robert and Sophie on their quest for the ultimate truth.  Langdon creates a ton of literary tension and a new surprise on each page as he masterfully describes each new challenge that the protagonists face.  With each chapter a new piece of the world's oldest puzzle becomes known.  After reading this you will be running to the Art Museum to examine the "evidence" for youself!  Trust no one!  And read The Da Vinci Code!
 This book was a page turner from moment one.  It is filled with so many factual, and interesting information that it really gets you thinking.  I had to look up the painting of the first supper and really look at it.  I was so impressed with this book and its fast-paced, keep you guessing edge that I'm going back to buy his other books!
 This book was so fascinating that I re-read many of the chapters as I went along. I would say it was very educational too, but I have my doubts on what is real. My next task is to do some research and find out what basis of fact (if any?) the book is based upon. Now I am on to Googol in search of web sites!
 My opinions on this book are based solely on the book's writing style and plot. I don't know the accuracy of the claims in the book and I find them irrelevant in that I consider this book a work of fiction meant solely to entertain. The author only mentions that the societies mentioned in the book (the Priory of Scion and Opus Dei) are real societies.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is a thrilling roller-coaster ride of events that surprise the reader at every corner. Brown often ends his chapters on a suspenseful note which leaves the reader anxious to read on. He starts off the novel with the murder of Jacques Sauniere, a prominent man working at the Louvre. The plot continues as Sauniere leaves a message for his granddaughter Sophie Neveu and Harvard professor Robert Langdon at the scene of his death. Neveu and Langdon are sent on a sort of treasure hunt (where symbols and clues are everywhere they turn) to learn why Sauniere and others have been killed and to find the Holy Grail.<br/><br/>I find that the plot is excellent in terms of its riveting sequence of events. I found myself involved, trying to figure out the clues along with the characters. Some of the things Neveu and Langdon find are very controversial. But, they don't shatter any beliefs I had before. If anything, the claims about the church and about Jesus make me want to investigate the issues for myself.<br/><br/>For readers who can get past the controversial nature of the book, this is a suspenseful page-turner that keeps you hanging every step of the way.
 I never used to read fiction books/novels for pleasure. I had to force myself to read required books in college. Then one day, about two years ago, my wife borrowed this book from my brother. I decided to give it a try. I read it in 3 days. I could not put it down. I then proceeded to get Dan Brown's other three books and read them immediately. I now have a personal library collection and read novels every chance I get (Steve Berry, James Rollins, etc.). The story, the puzzles, the twists.....unbelievably well thought out. I am most impatiently awaiting his next novel. Thank you Dan.
 I am a big mystery lover. I love the kind of book where one thing leads to another, and you never know what the next twist is going to be. If you like that kind of book, you'll LOVE this one. Also, i am VERY MUCH NOT a history buff, but there was just something about the history of the paintings and such in this book, that i was captivated. It normally takes me 2 weeks to finish a book, but i finished this one in 2 days! i would strongly recommend this to anyone who enjoys mystery, history, or just a good adventure. This is a ride you won't forget anytime soon. Enjoy!!!!
 The unabridged audio audition of "The Da Vinci Code", read by Paul Michael, is a big dissappointment.<br/><br/>Even though Paul Michael has a nice voice, his french is awful - so awful that i had to check in the book what he actually said. Then i discovered that huge parts of the text are not in the "unabridged" audio edition at all! Even if the ommitted pieces of text might not be crucial for the advancement of the plot, they often contain descriptions and information gving meat to the personalities and the happenings.<br/><br/>When i buy an unabridged audio version, i do not expect every little "he said" and the like being recorded, but neither do i expect extracts, often as long as half a page, being ommitted.<br/><br/>For me, the audio version was a vaste of money, as i will have to read the printed book instead to be able to get all the text, and not mainly the dialogs.
 Dan Brown seems to have a way of writing a clif-hanger into every chapter of this book.  It has been a long time since a book so intellectually challenged me...what a great change of pace.<br/>You must be strong in your faith to read this and appreciate the different points of view...but anyone who needs to be challenged and stimulated will find the DaVinci Code a very refreshing and exciting journey through art, religion, history, secret societies, religion, cryptogrophy, religion...<br/>Seriously though, The DaVinci Code takes you on a wild ride...you will learn about art, people, and maybe even something of yourself.  Enjoy the ride!
 After spending six years in Iraq with numerous Masons from various lodges, albeit mostly Prince Hall and Blue lodge masons(many I consider brothers for other reasons), I can tell you the truth is somewhere in-between both sides of this debate. If one can truly put away their own bias on this subject, they will find enough legitimate evidence to support 'some' of the alleged bad things and good things that occur in many lodges. Note that a much greater number of US Government, Military, and Law Enforcement personnel are Freemasons than you would ever imagine. Think of them as protectors, or gatekeepers.<br/><br/>Before I discovered how many of my friends and associates were Masons while working for the DoD in Iraq, my preconceived notion was that they were probably satanists, or followers of the occult. Although, some of the concepts, rituals, etc. might technically be occult, the majority of the Masons I know are not bad, or evil. Most of the masons I lived, worked and risked my life with were of the highest quality character, had the best work ethic, and were the most selfless people, just as our masonic founding fathers.(i.e. George Washington, Benjamin Franklin, etc) However, here goes the sad, but true part..<br/><br/>When others resort to blanket stereotypes and ignorant generalizations about Freemasons, they are being sidetracked. The REAL problem is the protective Masonic structure itself imbues masons (both Good and Bad) with the "potential" to become dangerous threats to humanity. I am NOT speaking of what I 'think' or 'feel', rather what I have witnessed myself in an environment much like the movie, Beyond the Thunderdome (power struggles in a war torn country). I have seen many good masonic people enable, support, and protect a few filthy ones who have done more harm to their brotherhood than anyone on the outside. Some of the most detestable things I saw over there came from power hungry masons who constantly exploited the masonic system in order serve their own interests, or evade the law.<br/><br/>I do not believe what I repeatedly saw from the self-serving ones were isolated incidents, but more like a microcosm of what happens elsewhere, including back home.<br/><br/>You might think, "Well, who the hell cares?". That would be the wrong question.<br/><br/>Now think about where this might apply in a society full of Waste, Fraud, and Abuse; Corruption. What about the most powerful politicians who keep screwing Americans, but can't ever seem to be voted out of office? Consider the one bad cop on the squad who 'unnecessarily' kills an innocent youth (i.e. trigger happy), but never sees jail time? And how about the CEO of a large bank who somehow manages to convince the Treasury to allow the transfer of toxic debt from their balance sheet onto the backs of the public, sticking it to the average citizen struggling to pay the rent? What about that time a company starts laying employees off, but the new guy who doesn't even know his stuff yet, still keeps his job? Yeah, it is predominately because of 'who they know' and the fact that Masons will not turn on each other, even if they have one sorry excuse for a piece of crap brother whose a murderer. What was once a powerful force for good and freedom early in American history has quite simply been corrupted and exploited.<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong, I very much revere General Patton, Eisenhower, and MacArthur as I borrow quotes from them all the time. Unfortunately, the world is so messed up right now, these wolves I previously spoke about are licking their chops once they get in, as they are fully aware of the level of benefits, protection, and more influential connections they will make. Every time I asked one of the new guys why they were joining, it was always a selfish response. "I'd like to have a political career someday." or "I need a hookup." (trying to get a better job)<br/><br/>While working for Centcom, I can tell you the majority of Freemasons I knew were a step above the rest of us. But I cannot emphasize enough that some of the most corrupt, filthy, dangerous, thieving scumbags out there also wore the same robe. For much of the criminally inclined savages on earth, they will eventually face the law and justice will be served. But, there's a good chance that same criminal who wears a robe will be placed above the law. Depending on the circumstances and personality of the individual this can empower an ordinary criminal (including a thief) to become a VERY dangerous one.<br/><br/>Quite frankly, there doesn't seem to be enough checks and balances, or rather they simply don't work too well since the tight-knit brotherhood can effectively result in a 'no snitch' policy.<br/><br/>The adequate response from all Freemasons should be reflective in nature, to determine just how to make this right, restore what has been lost and prevent the great potential for tyranny, injustice, and further inequality.<br/><br/>Another reason I had to comment, I really got tired of seeing folks bash some of my friends without even knowing any of them. Trust me, they're not sorcerers. Basically, there's a whole lot of good people doing great work, spending lots of time helping charities and who die regularly for our country, but there's a few rotten apples destroying anything good still left in the system.<br/><br/>Just in case you're wondering, because of the aforementioned character issues of a `few' really shady masons, AND because of my personal religious beliefs I will likely never join Freemasonry.<br/><br/>I'd also like to consider this a plea for the Masonic leadership take this issue seriously, before it's too late. It may sound crazy, but the balance of power, future of humanity might very well depend on it. Just look around. Freemasons are just as much responsible for shaping the world today as they were way back then during early Colonial days. If the leadership hasn't even started to clean things up yet, it may be a sign it's time for all Freemasons to start shaking things up.
 While reading it I kept thinking, 'the good stuff has to start soon'.  Not so.  It's not thought provoking, certainly not mysterious (easy to guess the plot twists, such as they are, without much effort) and not shocking at all.  I can't imagine why it became a best seller except for the hype.  Waste of time.
 This book does not read like others in the sence that the story developes as the characters do. Dan Brown writes in a style that allows the reader to feel accomplshment by using so many short chapters. It allows you to keep the interest of the multiple plots that are developing without loosing track of any one story while they intertwine. The story developes at a very fast pace and will keep you entertained to the end.  Highly reccommended reading.
 I borrowed this book from a friend and, not having anything else to do that Saturday afternoon (I live in DC;  it was raining for a change), lay down and started reading this book.  After I finished it, I went downstairs and had a late dinner.  Very late, obviously-- this is hardly a short book; however, neither is it boring or slow or uninteresting.  The obvious flaws were sub-plot points that will surprise few and disappoint even fewer, and the blatantly obvious high point was the storyline itself.  Religion, math, murder, intrigue, history-- somehow Brown ties it all together.<br/>This is a great beach or rainy weekend book.  Enjoy.
 THE DA VINCI CODE starts out as a murder mystery and then slowly evolves into a search for the Holy Grail. It reminds me in some ways of Hammett's MALTESE FALCON. The big difference is that THE DA VINCI CODE contains too much waste and is sadly lacking in stimulating characters and memorable dialogue.
 This is a very interesting book, but dangerous for people who are not very well read in real history.  I would advise people who read this book to remember this is fiction and purely fiction. I have read some reviewers who talk of the contents of this book as "fact". It is purely the imagination of Dan Brown. As interesting as and clever as the book is , the premise behind the whole thing ( which i won't give away) ruined the experience for me. I am glad I read the book so I know what it really is about and where the author wants me to go. I just feel sorry that so many people think it is so great and are so quick to accept the version of history proposed by the book. I can only recommend this book for people who are well learned in history and who take the book for what it is, a suspenseful and clever piece of fiction, and not a true history . When reading this book the reader would be well advised to know the difference between fact and fiction. One final bone to pick with the author: Why pick Opus Dei? I mean, why pick on them?
 For an author who takes himself so dreadfully seriously, Brown unintentionally succeeds in writing one of the year's best comedies. Brown regurgitates various discounted historical theories in an incredibly amateur way, throwing misused words and tired cliches into a formulaic Scooby-Doo plotline. Each chapter ends with a cliffhanger in which Brown strategically witholds information from the reader - information that the characters already know - in order to manufacture a feeling of suspense.<br/><br/>In addition, the prose is excessively flowery:<br/><br/>"As Langdon stood up, Fache walked over to the spotlight and turned it off. The gallery plunged into sudden darkness. Momentarily blinded, Langdon felt a rising uncertainty. Fache's silhouette appeared, illuminated in bright purple. He approached carrying a portable light source which shrouded him in a violet haze."<br/><br/>I literally laughed out loud at that last sentence. And, of course, a silhouette is not a silhouette if it is illuminated, but I digress.
 I love this subject, and so was excited at the prospect of this novel. However, to readers of the non-fiction books "Holy Blood, Holy Grain" and "The Templar Revelation," there is absolutely new. Mr. Brown has taken other scholars' research and fashioned a not-so-innovative plot. In effect, he has taken credit for others' work. That, combined with his cheesy, manipulative suspense techniques (a cliffhanger at the end of every 2-page chapter) make this a disappointing read. Perhaps Mr. Brown should have just skipped the novel and went straight for the screenplay.
 This is a great fiction book, for those who see it as just that, fiction. It takes you on a quest for the Holy Grail, which , in the book, turns out to be the quest for the bloodline of Jesus and Mary Magdalene, though symbology in DaVinci's work, among others. If you follow it as a work of fiction, you will be amazed by the possibilities. If you take it as "truth" then you might feel betrayed by what you thought you knew. I recommend you do not try to change history through this book. I'm sure a lot of historians will agree. This book will keep you going until the last minute; couldn't put it down! I definitely recommend it.
 I start to read the book when the catholic churches sent out fliers to my door to use this book as a discussion topic.  After reading the book, i am wondering why the church would be doing marketing for a novel/thriller.  Honestly I put it down many times before Chapter 14, but after it I just wanted to read on.  Dan Brown is a  talented story teller.  But his books are not for serious readers and the literature is simply poor.  However, he made it interesting when you are walking on a treadmill, or sitting on an airplane or being bored on a rainy afternoon.  He is trying to entertain (of course making the bucks at the same time) ohter than anything else.
 As a Bible teacher in Catholic and mainline Protestant churches and author of several books on the Bible, I get many questions about this book, so I had to read it.<br/>All I can say is that one must remember that it is a work of FICTION. Any resemblance between actual history, whether of the church or of Europe, is nearly completely coincidental. The book has major bloopers of "fact" on nearly every page where there is reference beyond the immediate plot.<br/>The "repression" of the sacred feminine goes back at least as far as Israel's prophets. The divinity of Jesus was established by the early second century as an article of faith, and has nothing to do with Constantine. The hieros gamos was practiced as a ritual by kings to establish their own royal authority, not by ordinary people. Etc. Etc.<br/>Further, I'm surprised so many people find it so well written. The characters are almost identical to many stock thriller books, including, most recently, the popular young adult fiction series, "Artemis Fowl." The Grail story has been told and retold in countless novels, many better written than this book.<br/>There is one way to explain the popularity. In the words of one of the book's characters, "everyone likes a conspiracy."
 This book does not live up to the hype.  Its a quick and easy read because the chapters are very short and virtually every one ends in a cliffhanger.  In between cliffhangers the characters stand around explaining things to each other with long verbal dissertations about feminine symbolism.  The ideas presented are old conspiracy-theory stuff, which is ok in itself, but I think the author reaches too far into the unbelievable (Disney? The Vatican is broke?)  The Big Secret is not a new idea, either.  The ending of this book is particularly silly.  I only gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because it inspired me to learn something about the Council of Nicea on my own - certainly a very important event in history, but not accurately portrayed in this novel.
 With any Dan brown book you can expect wonderful suspense, breathtaking details about REAL monuments. That's the best part in all of his book he does such a fantastic job at bringing to life the locations in his book. The story lines are always great and you are always left wanting more! This story is no exception, this novel is the second in the Langdon story line but the first I read. Give it a try, I'm sure you will fall in love just like I did
 This is by far one of the finest books I have ever read.  Those giving it bad reviews fear the truths the book reveals.  Yes, it is a "page-turner" and yes, it moves at breakneck speed, but that is what a good book is supposed to do.  I could not put it down and frankly, didn't want to.  Dan Brown has written a masterpiece that will live throughout the ages.  Are all the ideas original? No, but it took brown to bring them into the mainstream and make it a convincing enjoyable read.  Don't let the zealots keep you from reading this book!!!
 "The Da Vinci Code" was actually quite good. It was a great mystery novel with nice twists and turns that nobody would expect to happen. The storyline was incredible, and the explanation of the historic background of everything actually was not boring. Remember though, that the facts of these cults, groups, and others are not factually correct, most of them are just explanation of conspiracy theories. The author really built somewhat of a relationship with the characters in the book and the reader. It was a real shocking and disbelief when a character turned out to be someone else. Overall, this book was a good read, it was very entertaining and was not dull at all. I totally recommend it!<br/><br/>BTW, this review is coming from a 14 year old.
 The author of this book intends to give the reader so-called true historical facts in the form of fiction. What it does is twist the truth and just plain lie. Read instead Cracking DaVinci's Code by James Garlow and Peter Jones. They will explain in easy to read terms why you should not be taken in by The DaVinci Code.
 WHen I read I like to escape. That's what this book did for me. It was fasted paced, intelligent, thrilling and totally entertaining. I can see why it is THEE best seller and incredible movie. This is what fiction is all about. Dan Brown is a master story teller and I thank him.
 I don't usually get into suspense/mystery thrillers, which made my discovery of this novel that much more of a pleasant surprise.  Its power, of course, comes from the fact that it builds on actual theories and little-known facts about ancient events and the formation of the early church.  It whetted my appetite to find out more.  Extremely thought-provoking and highly recommended.
 This book is simply amazing! I'm a teenage guy, who doesn't mind reading but it's not my number one choice of free time activity and I'll tell you I COULD NOT PUT THIS BOOK DOWN. I was reading it during classes at school, during dinner at home, during a movie at home until finally I finished it. One must remember that it IS fiction and while some of this information is true, NOT all of it. Nonetheless, an amazing read. If you haven't yet, you need to now! I got the Lost Symbol for Christmas and can't wait to start that!!
 I thought this was a good book.  Of course most of the book will turn most conservative people way off, but it was fun to hear some thoughts on the other side of things, some of the items talked about could very of well happened.  Look for yourself at the "Last Supper", I was surprised I didn't catch one of the things before.  Overall a good chase mystery novel.<br/>The author is not "pushing" any particular views on you, it is just a novel afterall.
 Ordinarily, if I read a thriller like this I would not find the need to comment on it. However, there has been way too many accolades heaped upon a book that, while interesting, is poorly written, has cartoonish characters, and a simplistic plot.<br/>I can only surmise that some people "love" this book more for its fictional hypothesis than for any literary merit.  And I'm not judging it by high-brow standards. Mr. Brown simply does not write as well as some of his contemporaries within the same genre.<br/>Mr. Brown does, however, have a finely-tuned ear. An ear that is able to pick up on the desire for people to re-write history to jibe with current sociological trends.  This is fictional religious history for the "girls kick ass!" crowd.  I suspect that Mr. Brown, in all honesty, wrote this book with more of an eye towards the "almighty dollar" than the "sacred feminine."<br/>In which case, this book is a resounding success. What was it that PT Barnum said about suckers?
 Good reading makes for good debate.  If a book can challenge your faith, it's either a really good book or you have some issues to work out.<br/>So, it's funny that when this author of fiction expresses views that run contrary to popular religion, the zealots will scream blasphemy-it's a heretical book to be avoided by Christians!  In the same breath they encourage people to open their minds...but only to the teachings of Christ, the bible and the church.  (I'm not sure in what order; I'm still trying to sort through the inconsistencies that each present.) Apparently the sources of divine inspiration run in limited quantities and can only be found in select locations.<br/>Good god, if some are that stirred by this book it's got to be amazing, right?  Well, it's a good read.  But the real mystery is why some are so offended by this book and author.  You would think that someone is coming to take their children....or their faith, perhaps.<br/>You won't find the answer to life in this book.  Then again, i suspect that you won't find it in any other book (ohh, how blasphemous!) including the latest from Dr. Phil (double blasphemy!)  But that's not why you are reading this book.  It's a novel!<br/>OK, just calm down you nuts. No, it's not the author's main purpose is to cast doubt on the validity of the Christian faith. (I cannot profess first hand knowledge of this.)  And if the church and bible cannot withstand the First Amendment, good luck surviving the test of time (and faith).  No one in his right mind is going to make a religion out of this book.  But if they do, I'll join it, if for no other reason than to stir up the debate, and expose insecurity and lack of faith.
 I am not a huge reader of fiction and tend to read far more non-fiction, but I simply could not put this book down.  I found the story fascinating from the first page to the last.  There are lots of surprises along the way, and the pace of the story is breathtaking.  What made the novel so appealing to me is that it is chock-full of true facts about all sorts of places and things, and the author weaves this information into the story in a very naturalistic way.  Thus, to a non-fiction reader, this was the best of both worlds: a fictional story grounded in reality.  Don't pass this one up; it's like nothing else I've ever read.
 This is a fairly well thought out thriller, but it becomes apparent soon enough that the main thrust of this book is that The Bible is not the word of God, but just a collection of fiction.<br/>There are plenty of good books that don't make a Christian feel dirty reading them. This one is a waste of time.
 I read this book and I also read Holy Blood, Holy Grail. Even though, I think they compliment each other perfectly, I prefer this fictional version to the supposid' non-fiction version of Holy Blood... If you are looking for facts to back up Dan Brown's thriller, then Holy Blood is perfect for you. If you are simply looking for an enjoyable read that is thought provoking then Da Vinci Code should be your choice. If you've already seen the movie, then I would not recommend this book as it is a slightly difficult read, but I believe this is because of the style of the author, and the fact that it is different than what I am used to. It is also a perfect copy of the movie, and I believe you might find yourself board. However, if you have not seen the movie, then I highly recommend this book! Dan Brown has a way of twisting the existing theories of the The Merovingian Kings into an exciting plot line that will keep you guessing until the end.<br/><br/>Some people denouce this book right away and argue that this theory isn't possible because that would mean Jesus didn't died on the cross, but I say Mary M could have married Jesus and been pregnant before he died on the cross and still his line would have carried on. If you think of it that way, the story not only becomes possible but plausible, afterall the bible is missing about 18 years of Jesus's life... only God knows what truly happened during those "missing years." The church has been wrong before, afterall look at Aristotle - the church placed him under house arrested for saying that the earth was round!
 This is a great book and I recommend it for anyone. It is fiction but the other does do some through research and the background is mainly correct. It's a great book that can get people talking about Mary Mag. and the whole debate, which I think should be the point of most books out there anyway (to get people talking about an issue). It's controversial, which makes it even that much more interesting and if you understand the book is fiction, there is no way anyone can take offense to it.
 Probably the expectations were too high. The book came with rave reviews as being an intelligent religious thriller. It's probably intelligent, if you are seven years old. It starts off pretty well but then it is downhill all the way. Gaping holes in the plot, puerile puzzles, twists and cliches dampen any enthusiasm you may have. The characters are boring. Brown's enthusiasm in explaining concepts like the golden ratio is like that of a child who's just got a new toy and can't wait to show it off. While Brown insists on referring to his male characters by their last names, why he prefers to use the name Sophie and not Nevue is puzzling. All in all, you'd be better off re-reading Foucault's Pendulum.
 Everyting the author says about Opus Dei is a lie. If he doesn't know the Opus Dei is not because it's secret. There are more than 80.000 members around the world. I'm a member. If someone is interested about Opus Dei, please mail me. There are thousands of books, articles, and websites about Opus Dei. Just type Opus Dei in google. Nothing about pictures. Best
 A quick paced, fun thriller before Dan Brown milked it to death.
 Yes this book is a good read.  In fact it is a page turner.  However, the character development in this book isn't very good.  Also,Mr.Dan Crown seems to be a little too preoccupied with "Divine Feminine" when writing this novel.  The firstt half of the book was good, but then later it seems like If the author just wanted to prove his point, going to desperate measures.  Even though this is a work of fiction, I believe that authors shouldn't abuse facts in their books.  Many of my favorite authors, Clive Cussler, Ken Follett, don't use truthful facts in their books and they are still exciting.  Even though I am not a Christian, I believe that slandering anothers religion in a novel is not a nice thing to do.  Even, though there may be some truth in this book, read it for the suspense, but don't believe anything in the book.
 I loved this book! When I read, I want to be totally involved with the story and the characters, and in this book, I was. It reminded me of James Patterson's book- The Jester, which was also very good. I only have time to read at night and want to be relaxed and entertained.I was also captured as I became more involved in this wonderful mystery. I thought it was a great read. I think you will enjoy it too.
 This book was a fun read, but having read Angels &amp; Demon's beforehand, my expectations for this one were astonishingly high. The plot was fun, and the controversial facts were also fun to read about, but the plot just didn't satisfy me as much as Angels did. I was hoping for more twists and turns than I got out of it. But overall a decent read.
 I don't normally read murder mysteries, but my co-workers were passing this one around with rave reviews, so I thought I'd give it a try.  I read it in two days - couldn't put it down!  I also found it interesting because so many real-life things are mentioned - paintings by Great Masters and famous churches, whose pictures I could look up on the Internet and see more clearly what was described in the book.
 I very much enjoyed the premise of the book and loved the thought-provoking issues it touched on, but was somewhat disheartened by the claim that the book was one of the best mystery reads of the year. Brown sets up his two characters as figures of great intellectual authority (Sophie, cryptologist; Langdon, Harvard professor specializing in religious symbolism), but I found myself solving the novel's "puzzles" two or three pages ahead of the characters. I don't claim to know much about art history, grail legend, or goddess worship, but having rudimentary knowledge of Da Vinci's work, romance language, and  church history should NOT allow a reader to out-reason characters set up to be experts. Nevertheless, I appreciate any author that attempts to disspell many of the conventions about religion, history, and humanity to which so many people so desparately cling.
 The DaVinci Code was one I couldn't put down - a true rarity for me.  Brown has blended a wonderful array of topics into a truely suspensful story.  Stories of code breaking, religon, art history, secret societies and more are all woven together to form a fantastic story.  Highly recommended!
 Secret societies, church scandals, and a heart pounding start to finish thriller.  Dan Browns, The DA Vinci Code, is a fast-paced thrill that will have your hand itching for the next page.  The story takes place in Paris, where main character, Robert Langdon, receives a phone call that will change his life forever.  The phone call indicates that Judicial Police in a murder case need Robert.  What they don't inform him is that he is the one being setup for the murder.  With an investigation he later learns he must work to clear his name but ends up in an ancient battle between the Catholic Church and a forgotten about brotherhood.
 I read this book in TWO days, I simply could not, would not put it down...absolutely remarkable.  This book is not only wonderfully written, the reader comes away from the book yearning for more, more, more.  This book is daring, cunning, fast-paced, EVERYTHING a superb suspense novel should be.  You owe it to yourself to read this book!
 I had misgivings about buying this novel, but after the first 4-5 pages, I was hooked.  This is an absolutely stunning tome of intrigue, riddle solving, cryptic messages, and religious history.  Not your bag??  Guess again!!  I had to force myself to read this novel slowly, so as not to miss any of the myriad clues needed to solve the mystery.
 If anyone believes that what they're reading in this book is truth, I would ask you to contact me, as I have some great swamp land in Arizona for sale. Virtually everything that Dan Brown claims is "factual" is so wrong it's ludicrous, and what he actually gets right you would have to say, "So what?" Read it as pure fiction, and it's merely in bad taste. Read it as "truth" and you've been conned by a great con artist who couldn't take the time to check his historical facts to see if they were actually true. The story is okay, but it is one long chase scene, and Dan Brown is clearly no Robert Ludlum. This book is great for those who like to be duped. If you'd prefer to read historical novels that are faithful to historical facts, pick up a book by Paul L. Maier. They are excellent! Forget this book. You can do better.
 I will be brief, for there are plenty of reviews which you can read here that I completely agree with.<br/><br/>This is an extraordinarily bad book, for any number of reasons you may imagine. It is, quite possibly, one of the worst books I have ever read. The writing is so simple, bad, awkward, and cliched, it is (quite literally) painful to read it. After I did, I felt like I needed a shower.<br/><br/>I prefer not to think that it was a great bestseller, and what that means for today's culture and people's level of general literacy. And I also prefer to forget that it was recommended to me by some people I otherwise respect.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favour: stay away from this book. Just about any other book would do much better.
 I love to read, and sometimes I'll even pick up a book my husband has purchased when I don't have anything of my own to read, as I did with this book.  Dan Brown wants to impress you with some zany controversial facts, but he cuts corners by writing a lame unconvincing "thriller" around them.  Like, I don't understand why Sophie would be so upset at her grandfather that she wouldn't speak to him for 10 years.  What she saw wasn't even that big of a deal!  That just doesn't make sense.  But of course, Mr. Brown wants you to "ooh" and "ahh" at the Biblical "facts."  I think that the story itself is incredibly lame, do Langdon and Sophie really have to spark a romance at the end?!  Why?!  Gimme a break!  I'm insulted.  He should've just started a conspiracy website and loaded his facts there instead of wasting perfectly good trees on this stinker!
 I can't tell potential readers anything more about the story than other reviewers have covered here, but I do want people to know they need to take a trip to see the places mentioned in the book. Use DaVinci Code as a travel guide. Seeing the Monna Lisa, the floors in the Louvre, the frescoes, and the churches makes the book mean so much more. So many more truths are out there.
 What a fun book to read! The fact-based trivia are clear evidence of the author's research efforts which make the story even more entertaining. Even though he doesn't understand GPS capabilities (nor does Clive Cussler - a wristwatch GPS will NOT work in a submarine deep underwater), it's a minor matter and doesn't really detract from the fast-paced story. Now I'm off to the library to take another look at Da Vinci's paintings...
 Unfortunately, Mr. Cook is very good at puzzles and very poor at ending an otherwise good story.  If you have a liberal arts degree, or have read literature instead of pop culture story tellers  much of your life, don't read this book.  Well, at least only read it until the last ten pages then throw it across the room (to paraphase Dorothy Parker).  That way you'll at least get more pleasure than waiting until after the last ten pages when you are so dissatisfied that you throw the book at a nice vase in your house.  You will get all hot and bothered expecting a real, insightful, clever and satisfying ending.  Instead you'll feel like someone got you all hot and bothered...then threw you into a cold shower.
 I would reccomend buying the Specical Illustrated edition. I read the normal one and then my sister in law had the Illustrated one. That really helps out with "seeing" what Dan Brown is writing. It really, really fleshes out the story much better and is well worth the extra couple of bucks.<br/><br/>Sean
 Dan Brown's The DaVinci Code is an entertaining page-turner that deserves its blip on the pop culture radar screen .<br/>The novel's atmospheric foci on either side of the Channel, starting in the cultural heart of Paris, the Louvre, and moving to London's Westminster Cathedral, are so well portrayed that even the ancient scents of both iconic places seem to rise from the pages.  In this regard, Brown's book has that added content layering of a quality tour replete with historical and cultural tidbits imbedded along the way.  The most innovative inclusion in this particular narrative is Brown's use of GPS locaters, broadband connectivity, and cell phones - all of which, when one thinks of it, would have undone many of the great mysteries of our lives, both real and fictional.<br/>As for the overwrought defenders of the orthodox church, they must be reminded that this is, after all, a work of fiction, a mystery.  Period.<br/>Overall, a thoughtful and instructive adventure, a three-word combo rarely appearing together.
 After reading Brown's gripping novel, Angels &amp; Demons, I expected The Da Vinci Code to be an exciting page turner. Unfortunately, I didn't expect that the novel would have essentially the same plot as its predecessor, making it completely predictable. The books even begin the same way: man gets murdered, Langdon is called in, and some beautiful woman turns up who is related to the victim, attracted to Langdon, and wants to help him solve the crime. Please, does he think he's the next James Bond? True, Brown weaves in many interesting tidbits of information, but that didn't make reading this book worth my time. Out of the two, I'd say Angels and Demons was the better read.
 The DaVinci Code is a terribly written book. Halfway through, I started turning down the corners of pages with egregious errors of style or usage; I probably turned down a dozen pages, and if I'd been wiser, I would have turned down the entire book in the first place. The characters have the depth of puddles. The plot unfolds in real time, which is for the best, since I strongly doubt the author could have handled anything more complex.<br/>The protagonists break the DaVinci code by figuring out a series of puzzles. Several of the puzzles are unbelievable, and one is painfully obvious. ("It's like no language I've ever seen before!")<br/>What is of interest in the DaVinci Code is not due to the author. He draws on a changing view of Mary Magdelene, as not a prostitute but someone equal to the other apostles, and perhaps even the wife of Christ. He imagines that some of the hidden symbolism that does in fact exist in Leonardo's Last Supper and in his other works refers to Magdelene's true identity. The historical material is fascinating, reminding us that history is indeed written by the winner. It's only too bad that a better writer didn't elect to make use of this compelling historical information.
 This book is poorly written and researched. Dan Brown has a interesting subject, but he completely fabricates history and distorts facts.  But Dan Brown does a great job in crafting a book to dupe conspiracy nuts.<br/>For anyone who studies history, this is a difficult book to get through.  I encourage people to take a deeper look into any of the "historical accounts" in this book.....its embarassing.<br/>There are too many facts to dispute, but here are just a few...<br/>-Most Knights of Templar were crushed by King Philip the Fair of France....not the Catholic church.<br/>-Brown's characters state that the Church burned five million women as witches, which show Dan Brown's malicious ignorance of historical record. The latest figures for deaths during the European witch craze are between 30,000 to 50,000 victims. Not all were executed by the Church, not all were women, and not all were burned.<br/>-He claims that the motions of the planet Venus trace a pentacle (the so-called Ishtar pentagram) symbolizing the goddess. But it isn't a perfect figure and has nothing to do with the length of the Olympiad. The ancient Olympic games were celebrated in honor of Zeus Olympias, not Aphrodite, and occurred every four years.<br/>-Brown's analysis of da Vinci's work is just as ridiculous. He presents the Mona Lisa as an androgynous self-portrait when it's widely known to portray a real woman, Madonna Lisa, wife of Francesco di Bartolomeo del Giocondo. The name is certainly not - as Brown claims - a mocking anagram of two Egyptian fertility deities Amon and L'Isa (Italian for Isis).
 I am a 14 year old kid , and I can definatley say that the Davinci Code by Dan Brown is the best book that I have ever read. It beats anything by Grsham, Ludlum , or Cook. This book dives into its plot when symbologist Robert Langdon recieves and urgent phone call in the middle of the night. He is told to come to the Luve museum in Paris to investigate a murder. From there he meets a mysterious young women named Sophie Neveu ,  and from there they investigate the crime commited at the Lueve and a seceret that has been hidden for thousands of years. By reading this review , I know that you do not get the best picture of the book , but I am telling you , you will not fully understand how amazing this novel is until you actually pick it up yourselves. I highly recomend tis book to anyone os any age that loves a great read , I hope that this review was helpful to you.
 Okay, this book is definitely plot-driven, and there's not a lot of character development, but that's beside the point in a book like this. This book teems with secret societies, cryptography, exotic puzzles, and fascinating historical detail.  If you liked the Indiana Jones movies, or if you have even a passing interest in the history of religion, the Holy Grail, the Knights Templar, and/or a great mystery that clips along from plot twist to plot twist, then this book will suck you in and not let you go.
 There must a million fourth-graders out there writing better sentences that this: "As he stood up, Langdon was beginning suspect it was going to be..." - wait for it everybody - "a very long night." Cue: End of Chapter.  Dark and stormy, too no doubt.<br/>Why are uni-dimensional-characters-in-a-spot always suspicious of the nocturnal dimensions?  I guess if they knew the date and their latitude they could work out the actual length of the night for themselves, and so could we...  And why don't readers ever find them in the middle of suspecting it, or even just a little after they have completed suspecting it?<br/>Did that sentence make you just want to keep on reading?  Yeah, but something else... Does his editorial review team at Doubleday have no shame in allowing that miscarriage of a sentence to see the light of day?  And that's just the worst of a thousand other bland and featureless cliches.<br/><br/>This book should have been an ironically humorous footnote in Eco's Templar book, Foucault's Pendulum.  In fact I think it was - the bit about vanity publishers for any text that mentions the Templars and the Holy Grail.  And the "cryptology" is risible.  You want to read about codes, try Neal Stephenson's Cryptonomicon.  Or The Times crossword.<br/>Can anyone tell me what any of the characters actually look like other than the, sigh, albino?  There is just no description and absolutely zero development of these flat cut-out characters; its all plot, plot, plot.  I assume that Dan Brown (or his editorial team) had anticipated us imagining Harrison Ford as Langdon and Julia Roberts as Sophie, and so didn't bother any further with that tedious stuff.<br/>Oh, what a silly plot this book has.  It really is nothing more than a MacGuffin movie, say Frantic, mixed with Holy Blood, Holy Grail.  Exceptionally unimaginitive.<br/>I had just finished Vernon God Little when I started on this.  What a contrast!  There no code in this review and none intended.  Vernon was a dance in language by a unique and humorous voice. Da Vinci was B-grade movie outline dashed of by a hack writer.<br/>The one star is for correct spelling - thanks for that, editorial team!
 I read this again to see how it holds up after all the hype. I'm glad to report that it's still a fun ride. This one is all about the plot and the mystery at its core. Everything else in the book serves those two purposes. If you haven't read it, you should.
 This book, a brilliant foray for relatively unknown author Dan Brown (though be sure to check out the Robert Langdon thriller that came before, "Angels and Demons"), "The Da Vinci Code" is as engaging as it is smart. The factoids contained within the work ( the "Divine Proportion" being a terribly interesting example) are well-spaced and many are totally mind-boggling. They teach the reader without drawing him/her into the spiraling abyss of a pedants mind. The characters are humanly possible, quite life-like actually, and the scenes are well-described, yet still seem to stay to-the-point. I won't bore you with a long-winded summary, considering you have probably perused one in one of the previous reviews. The bottm line is that this book is a great read and should be enjoyed by all who can get their hands on it. As Poe once wrote, "Quoth the Raven, read this book." (hehe)
 With apologies to Seabiscuit, this may be the best read of the past year.  Dan Brown exhibits a dramatic flair for the "intelligent mystery".  The best thing about this book and it's author is that the dialogue or science is never "dumbed down" for the audience.  The highly original premise of this book, when combined with factual groups and real locations, makes for a very compelling read.  If you liked this book, you should check out the authors prior work Angel &amp; Demons.
 No need to tell you that it is an excellent book.  well researched.  Facts m fiction were nicely packaged.
 I decided to read The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown because I'm a follower of the Catholic religion.  Many Catholics were upset by the way Dan Brown portrayed the Catholic religion and did not agree with the information pertaining to the Holy Grail. This book was  historical fiction . So the story was made up but the facts were real.  In the book the, the Curator of the Louvre Museum and member of Priory of  Sion (a secret society who protects the Holy Grail) Jacques Sauniere is found murdered. Through clues left behind by Jacques, Robert Langdon ( a symbolist) and Sophie Neveu (the granddaughter of Jacques and a French cryptologist) try to solve the murder and through that save the mystery of the Holy Grail.  They travel throughout Europe while being chased by the police and the people who are a part of Opus Day trying  find out about the  Holy Grail. Some of the clues were found  in Leonardo Da Vinci's works, there go the title, The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/> I liked this book for many reasons.  First of all, it had many religious controversial point of views.  Being born and raised Catholic I learned many new things about the different groups that are part of the Catholic Church. . The biggest one Opius Day, which is a controversial group within the Catholic Church. The book portrays this  group as a cult where men have the hierarchy over women,  and where self mutilation is used as a  discipline. Many Catholics disagree because Opius Day is not a cult and it is just a small part of the Catholic Church. The book basically makes the Catholics out as bad people. This is why most Catholics do not like The Da Vinci Code. I myself as a Catholic was not offended by this, but it made me second guess my religion. The book was also controversial with other Christians not jusmade me second guess my religion. Towards the end of the book I was against most of the beliefs that the Catholics believed in the book.  The book was also Controversial with other Christians.  Not just Catholics. For the simple fact that it implies that Christ had a relationship with Mary Magdeline and out of this relationship a child was conceived. In the bible Mary Magdeline was portrayed as a prostitute, and Christ was consider to be single and never to have had relations with a woman. It goes against the bible and the Christian faith in general. The book  also suggests that the Dead Sea Scrolls was a book of the Bible, that was never included in the Bible or got left out. This is controversial because it would change the Christian faith. I like the controversy of this book because it made me think outside the box. I was always taught not to question my faith and to believe what I was told. Then this book comes along and makes me think that there could be other possibilities out there.  When I got done reading it I didn't want to be Catholic anymore.<br/><br/> The second reason I like this book was because  I was presented with new knowledge.  In this book I learned about art, symbolism , and religion. The most important thing I learned was about the Holy Grail. From what I've been told in the past, and what has been portrayed in movies such as, Indian Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Arc, the Holy Grail is a the Chalis that was used by Christ in the last super. In the book, the Holy Grail is the Lineage of Christ. Which some believe are the ancestors of  Christ.  Some believe that to this day living in France are these ancestors of Christ.  I also learned about the symbolism in Leonardo Da Vinci's painting. For example in Leonardo's painting "The Last Supper" it is supposedly Mary Magdeline sited next to Christ and that the way their seated in the painting their bodies form a V which is the symbol for Femininity. Which goes against the Catholic belief that men and woman are equal in the Catholic Church. I learned more about the life of Da Vinci. Like how he was part of the Priory of Sion. I also learned that many famous artist and writers were also apart of  the Priory, like Sir Isaac Newton, and Victor Hugo.<br/><br/> I did not like how the book did not follow a consecutive partner. Dan Brown did not men are higher then women when it comes to the Catholic Church. I learned more about the life of Da Vinci himself.  Like how he was part of the Priory of Sion, the secrect society who protects the Holy Grail. I also learned that other famous artist and writers were apart of the Priory, like Sir Isaac Newton, and Victor Hugo.<br/><br/> I did not like how the book did not follow a consecutive pattern. Dan Brown did not do a good job of intertwining the historical part and the story. The story paused a lot to go into the explanation of the historical facts, or to explain pictures or writings that clues came in. In some parts it was very hard to follow.  I also didn't like how if you weren't familiar with all the different painting that were discussed then it was hard to picture them and you could get lost easily. When Dan Brown explained the Paintings you would have to interrupt the book and try picture the painting in your head.  The book also started off very slow, which would cause some people to put it down and not finish it. Which would be a shame because later on the book becomes intriguing. It was also hard to separate fiction from fact.  I could not tell the difference between a point of view or an actual occurrence. While I was reading the book I thought that every aspect of it was true. This caused me to think that the strong Catholic views portrayed in the book were all true. When really some were true and some were fictional.<br/><br/> All in all I loved this book and gained more than what I expected out of it.  I would definitely recommend this book to anyone not just someone who is interested in the religious aspect.  It is a mystery full of history and culture.  It kept me wanting more.  It makes me what to research the information more and travel the world, to see the sights described in the book.  It is a book that you can gain knowledge from.  It brings up so much controversy  and makes people to choose a side. It can even make people rethink their own religion.  Dan Brown pick the right topic to talk about. Anything about religion in general is bond to create controversy.  It makes me want to know more about what kind of writer he is and read more of his works.  I understand now why he is such a controversial writer and that you either love his works or hate it.  When you get a chance read this book and form your own opinion. You may be surprised that by the end of the book you may have changed your views on certain issues. and makes people choose a side. It can even make people rethink their own religion.  Dan Brown picked the right topic to talk about. Anything about religion in general is bound to create controversy. It makes me want to know more about what kind of writer he is and read more of his works. I understand now why he is such a controversial writer and why this was such a controversial book. When you get a chance read this book and form you own opinion.  You may be surprised that by the end of the book you may have changed your views on certain issues and obtained valuable information.<br/><br/>By:Lindsay Winger
 It keeps your interest 3/4 of the way through the book. Unfortunately, it appears all the author's research and clever storytelling falls victim to a rather loose-ended, 'I wrote the ending in one afternoon' finale. It would have been hard to write a believable ending anyway. Still a good read. Two obvious blunders in a highly detailed and researched book (they aren't pivotal to the plot). Adam was offered a 'fruit' in the bible not an 'apple' and Sir Isaac Newton was a virgin his whole life.
 If you have the least knowledge of the history of Christianity, gnosticism, or for that matter, Leonardo da Vinci's quirks, you're going to be guessing each puzzle at least three pages before the hero does.<br/><br/>It's okay to pass the time on an airplane, but intellectual or challenging it is not!
 In school I was told that every book should at least have one round character for it to be interesting. In The Da Vinci Code, all the characters are as flat and unappealing as roadkill. No character development whatsoever is present, and the motivations of both protagonists and antagonists are wafer thin (pun intended).<br/>What's worse, although the plot starts off sort of promising, it soon starts te develop along the lines of the Hollywood Assembly Line. The fact that each and every character turns out to be connected one way or another is not only not credible, but annoying as well. The same goes for the (little) cliffhangers at the end of every chapter.<br/>The pieces of the plot fit together to easily to make this book a captivating read - all the interesting facts on religion and Da Vinci notwithstanding, and the way the plot is resolved at the end of the book left me feeling cheated.<br/>For me, the letdown started approximately two-third trough the book, in a scene where the identity of The Teacher is revealed because of Dan Brown trying to hard not to. To add insult to injury, near the end of the book Mr. Brown, evidently feeling the need to show to the reader just how clever he has been, once more returns to this scene to explain what "really happened".<br/>If you're looking for an easy to digest holiday read for those hung over mornings on the beach, and you're easy to please, maybe The Da Vinci Code does fit your bill.
 The Da Vinci Code is a book that will captivate the reader from the very beginning. This fictional story written by author Dan Brown is both praised by some and controversial to others. The book questions the fundamental belief that Jesus Christ did not wed Marry Magdalene and therefore have children with her. This book will run you at least a cool $15.00 for the hardback and as low as $7.00 for the paperback. In my opinion either would make a great buy. This book has drawn criticisms from the Roman Catholic Church and other Christian affiliated religions. While reading this book it will transform the reader from a world of fiction and fantasy to a world of reality. Dan Brown has to be the best writer when it comes to making a fictional book seem so real.<br/><br/> Robert Langdon an American symbologist finds himself suddenly in the middle of a murder investigation and on the quest for the Holy Grail. Sophie Neavue is French judicial police cryptographer. Sophie's grandfather Saunire is the curator at the Louve and is suddenly discovered dead. Saunire happens to be head of a secret society called the Priory of the Sion. The priory has been in existence for centuries with leaders such Da Vinci and Isaac Newton. The priory was established as a group that would protect the grail from the church and also holds the secret of Jesus Christ and Marry Magdalene being wed and had children and that Jesus' blood is still passed down. It is up to Langdon and Neavue to keep the grail and its secrets hidden from those who wish to posses it. The last part of the story reveals a shocking truth that will surely have the reader on the edge of their seat till the very end. This book will take you in unexpected turns and lead to some shocking discoveries. Dan Brown uses a very interesting style in writing this masterpiece; most of the chapters are shorter than five pages. With well over a hundred chapters this book will never string on in one place to long. It is interesting because I believe that it keeps the reader from getting bored.<br/><br/> The Da Vinci Code is complicated story that somehow Dan Brown made into a very easy to follow and understandable. I would defiantly rate this book as one if not the best book that I have ever read. Dan Brown does a good job with his use of words and how everything in the book seems so real even though it is not. The Da Vinci Code is a good read for anyone who is looking for a well written thriller. On a scale of one to five with five being the highest I would without hesitation give the Da Vinci a five. I am very glad that I read this piece of extraordinary literature. I can only hope that the movie is half as good as the book.
 A very strong plot with an emphasis on revealing clues. Enjoyed the reinterpretation of history. Would have given it five stars if the characters had come to life.
 Dan Brown's runaway bestseller, The Da Vinci Code, has an interesting premise.  It goes into the story about an underground society, the Priory of Scion, whose sole purpose is to keep the true meaning of the Holy Grail secret until it is time to reveal it to the world.  The story unfolds over basically one night in Paris.  Robert Langdon is a Harvard professor of symbology and is in Paris giving a lecture.  He is awoke in his hotel room and escorted to the Louvre as a well-known art curator, Jacques Sauriene has been murdered.  While at the Louvre he is met by Captain Bezu Fache who interrogates him and a cryptologist Sophie Nouveu who gives him a bizarre message.  It turns out that Langdon is the prime suspect in the murder and Sophie helps him escape.  It turns out she is Sauriene's granddaughter.  Throughout the night they elude the French police and go to an old acquaintance of Langdon, Leigh Teabing, for refuge.  Teabing is an excentrict Englishman living in France who is also one of the world foremost expert on the Grail.  Meanwhile, a strict religious sect, Opus Dei, is also in search of the Grail as well.  Eventually Langdon and Sophie put together all the pieces of the puzzle and Sophie's true identity is revealed to her.  The most interesting part of the book is the history of the Grail itself.  Whether you believe the story or not (most of it has been refuted and is hard to believe to be actually true), the story is very intriguing.  Explaining clues from Da Vinci paintings and the history of the Gospels makes for great reading.  Unfortunately, the story in between the lessons is weak.  Mr. Brown creates some very implausible situations and the true motives of Teabing are totally unbelievable and contrived. The plot and elaborate setup that Teabing constructs has absolutely no plausibility and could never be carried out, even by the most devious and creative minds.  That lacks of believability definitely hurts the story, but all the Grail information makes up for the huge plot holes.
 Of course this was well written. I loved reading it
 Flat, characterless, inaccurate and entirely guessable including the Isaac Newton clue, and the Da Vinci Code itself.  Jeez--I'm pretty dumb and I had it figured out.  Even as to the villain's true identity.  Who else could it be.  There was no one left!<br/>Plus as one other reviewer noted, the whole novel somehow takes place in one action-packed 56 hour day!<br/>In summary, the Church bites; Templars, Masons and Rosicrucians were weird and mysterious, everybody wants the Grail, no one expects the Spanish Inquisition, women are cool and even if you don't know how to have a relationship with one, it's nice to have a babe to go on an adventure with, even if you only get to kiss her on the last page.
 This book captivated me within the first three pages and I didn't put it down until I read it from cover to cover. A friend loaned it to me along with an art book of Da Vinci's sketches and paintings that were mentioned in the novel. I was very impressed with Mr. Brown's research regarding the Priory of the Sion, Grail Lore, sacred geometry, Mary Magdalene, LdV's artwork, and the research on Rosslyn. What he has written is not new to individuals who are interested in this aspect of religious history. There are a myriad of books out there discussing the Grail Lore. I am just so impressed with his ability to take these facts and weave them into a modern murder mystery, starting out at the Louvre, winding around Paris and its outskirts, until the reader is flown to England and zipping around London. I could *not* put this down. Bravo!
 This book was recomended to me by my sister because she liked it so much. I read it and I have to say I feel the same way. It was a great mystery with so much historical reference it was amazing. I couldn't help but think how incredible smart Dan Brown must be to know this. I suggest this book to almost anyway. The only down fall was the the end seemed to drag on a little too long, but none the less a great read.
 Bottom line: If you have ever read any other Dan Brown novel then you're going to get through the first few chapters and suddenly feel an overwhelming sense of déjà vu. This is dime-store literature at it's best, or worst, depending on your preference. Definitely not worth all the hype.<br/><br/>On the bright side, if you happen to love dime-store novels, and have never read any of his previous "works," then you should be content curling up with this one. (I used the term "works" loosely, thus the quotes.)<br/><br/>Brown novels are different settings, the same predictable "surprise" villains, and fashionable Hollywood thrills. Ad nauseam. Amazing that this book has garnered so much attention, but religion + conspiracy = controversy, which amounts to a "bestseller" even if the writing is sub par and cliché.
 I read this book in one day and agree that it moves quickly and is enjoyable, even if the writing style is awful.  Having been raised Catholic, I thought Brown's central message about how the Church needs to reform is sound, and a welcome message, even if his plot stretches the barriers of belief a bit much.  Other books I would recommend for those interested in doing further research are: The Gnostic Gospels &amp;  Adam, Eve and the Serpent, both by Elaine Pagels, and any book by the German theologian Uta Ranke-Heinemann, particularly Eunuchs for the Kingdom of Heaven: Women, Sexuality, and the Catholic Church.
 I picked this book at the London heathrow on my way to Dubai. I have to say it is one of the best intriguing exciting and a suspense thriller today. It is well begun ( which they say is half done) and it is only towards the last few chapters you feel that the reader is trying to loosen the ends rather quickly. But again, that s always the case with any thriller fiction.<br/><br/>But on the whole, I couldnt keep the book down until i had finished reading it and this book also has enlivened my interest in teh Holy grail and other evangalic codes!!!
 This book is very entertaining, with twists and turns at every page.  Each chapter ends on a high note, promising more thrills to come, which makes it all the more harder to put it down.  It is very addictive and this special edition, with the illustrations, simply brings the story to life.  All the references to art and religious history make the story richer and more compelling.  All in all, a great summer read.  Highly recommended.
 This book is stupid because they get ideas from non-canonical writings! It has a similar plot to the supposedly lost Family Tomb of Jesus, but this is a more fancy story-teller version, non-documentary style.<br/><br/>People always love to blaspheme Christianity -- do it to any other religion and you'll start World War 3! And that is the truth!<br/><br/>I wrote a review about that Jesus Family Tomb documentary and I have similar opinions to the Divinci Code. I have ran out of steam, but I know of many stories of non-believers calling out to God to ask if he exist! Even the ex lead singer of Korn is now a Christian? How do you explain that? Nico McBrain out of Iron Maiden is Christian.<br/><br/>I truly do believe people see too much in these non-canonical writings, "hidden meanings" in paintings like the Last Supper and the Mona Lisa. These paintings are classic Western art! Everything great is one day spoiled I think... There is always some clown denigrating great things!<br/><br/>Anyway, this book is a rip off of other books like The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail."<br/><br/>Don't read trash like this, go to the source first! That's half the problem with this world!<br/><br/>There has always been people throughout the millennia preaching a different Jesus, making up things... and this book is just a much more elaborate story telling deliberately just trying to upset the Christian world!<br/><br/>Author like Dan Brown just want to shock people with familiar religious ideas so he can acquire a huge bank balance, that is all he cares about. Many people dislike Jesus but they make money from it somehow and plenty of people have bought this book because it trashes Jesus! "It's not cool to love Jesus" as what they think.
 A wonderful read, exciting with great description and leaves you wanting more.
 Thought provoking.  I feel like Dan Brown did enough research to make this a plausible story, certainly very controversial material.<br/><br/>The mystery of the subject and how he uncovered each piece one clue and one colorful character at a time, kept me interested in finding what what would happen next.
 I'm in the process of reading this book (at page 300 now). It is a breathtaking BOOK. I am writing BOOK in capitals, because that is what it is...<br/>It is funny to see how a book like this triggers as much reactions as it does. Did you notice the 5 stars and 1 stars? There is no in between...<br/>It IS a book that is breathtaking, full of speed, and - if you are really UNBIASED with respect to christianic faith (I am atheist...) opens up NEW perspectives.<br/>Quite possibly, we will never find out the truth of the historicy Jesus Christ. But, as is rightfully stated in this book: the bible itself was written by men...<br/>So...any story could be the truth...<br/>Have you ever noticed that any arguments that reason against religious reasoning refer to the holy books of the religion itself?<br/>That is in contrast to the famous Goedel paradigm: no truth can ever be established from within (this is a free form expression...).<br/>Oh, just read the book as it is: a thrilling experience...
 I read "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" years ago, and liked it so much that I toured the Languedoc region of France, so I was very familiar with the theme of "The Da Vinci Code".  I  noticed that Jacques Sauniere shares the same surname as the priest of Rennes-le-Chateau---not a coincidence, I'm sure.  Brown has written an engrossing novel, but his style is more pulp than poetic, and the characters, for all their collective expertise,  are a bit slow on the uptake.  That said, I really enjoyed the book, and it's nice to see the Goddess get her due on the New York Times Best Seller list.
 The beginning of the book was good, and I was excited to read it. But as I got farther into it I realized that it was only a not so well disguised attempt to push the author's views against Christianity. My personal opinion is he's trying to do some major kissing up to feminists. From a strictly literary standpoint, his writing was nothing out of the ordinary and he filled many of the pages with his own ideologies. I was also very offended by his blatant attacks on Christians (He potrayed them as being either narrow minded or fools, covering up the "truth" about Christ)and his seeming glorification of women. He obviously does not know what he is talking about in either of those areas. His views of goddess worship and the like are very far-out. Christiantiy has done more to furthur the good treatment of women than any other religion. And as for all the "facts" presented in the book, I didn't notice a bibliography listing the sources from which he gathered all this "ground-breaking" research. I would not reccomend this book to anyone.
 Mr. Brown and the publisher have made an obscene amount of money by presenting a fantasy novel as an historically accurate, "exhaustively researched", and credible piece of fiction to the detriment of the reputations of others.  They have perpetrated a grave injustice that is an affront to the intelligence of the reader.  They should be ashamed of themselves.
 I like my suspense fiction with a healthy dose of history, so THE DaVINCI CODE is right up my alley.  Lots of interesting, well researched info on both the worlds of religion and art history...well woven into a fun action story sure to make that cross-country plane ride pass quickly!
 The Davinci Code is one of those great books that gives the reader so much information... conspiracy, suspense, religious context, probes questions, visual problems, etc. There is no question that this is an amazing book and that is why it was produced into a movie.<br/><br/>If these subjects interest you, then I highly recommend the following book as this goes deeper and is more truthful on questions surrounding religion: "HOW JESUS BECAME CHRISTIAN" by Barrie Wilson, PhD.<br/><br/>In "How Jesus Became Christian" similar controversy is raised surrounding religion but it is presented as fact in a historical context. Barrie Wilson's book asks the question, "How did a Torah-observant Jew become a gentile son of G-d and the leader of Christianity - a religion that he would not recognize if he were alive today?"<br/><br/>Both great books. Both books ask tough questions about our understanding of religion.
 Da Vinci Code was much like movie popcorn.  The many rave reviews tempted me, but ultimately the final product left me disappointed.  It's a quick enough read and does touch on interesting topics.  However, the `love story' is pedestrian at best.  My biggest complaint is Brown compulsion to add in random factoid asides.  Obviously Mr. Brown completed a significant amount of research, but at times it appears he just adds in non sequitur bits just to let us know he did his homework.<br/>You could do worse, but I'd say wait `til paperback and a long flight to pick this up.
 The way Dan Brown makes the chapters makes the book a fast moving story.  I read this book in a little over 2 days because I could not put it down!<br/>It's hard not to take what he is saying in the book as factual history (I guess its more fun that way), but you have to remember his books are in the FICTION section of book stores.<br/>If you're a fan of history, art, or codes, this book is for you!
 Dan Brown's, The Da Vinci Code, is great fun, a real page turner and, in the course being entertaining it stimulates the reader to investigate a number of subjects that he might never have considered.  Lighten-up, all of you literary critics, Dan Brown isn't Tolstoy, Proust, or Dickens; and I don't think he intends to be. Compare him with Ludlum, Cussler, or maybe better yet, Irving Wallace; remember The Word?<br/>  So have fun, spend a week-end curled up with this book, and if it stimulates your interest in Leonardo, Templar Knights, or the Holy Grail so be it. If Harry Potter, can get kids to read again, maybe Da Vinci can do the same for adults.
 Page-turning indeed.  I bought the Eng version and it was non-stoppable from p400 onwards.  Despite critics on the "factfulness" of those "facts" as claimed by Brown, I have to say it's an exciting story - I'll read "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" also and will then decide if Brown has committed plagiarism.
 The book was a fun roller coaster ride with a somewhat insipid ending. What I enjoyed most were the references to differing opinions on how the Bible, particulary the New Testament, was put together. Take the apple in Eden. It is not even mentioned as the forbidden fruit in Genesis. It was Catholic priests, who wanted people to stop believing in religions that saw the apple as a holy fruit (mostly Gnostic), who said it was the apple specifically. Politics and practicality ruled the selection of gospels for the New Testament. I do not suggest any malice in this, not even Emporer Constantine's hand in the building of Christianity (even though his involvement evenutally led to the persecution on another group of people).Learning more just helps me to better decide how I wish to embrace religious faith. I thank Dan Brown for helping me look into all this further for my own understanding.
 This was a fun book to read.  The historical information about DaVinci, secret societies and alternate interpretations of the Bible was interesting.  I thought the characters were very one dimensional.  I never developed any empathy for them at all.  They were simply vehicles to get to the very creative clues and puzzles in the story.  I found myself hurrying through the plot elements, to get to the next clue or historical information.  Overall, it was enjoyable.  It was very fast paced, and hard to put down.
 THE DA VINCI CODE is a suspense thriller which at first glance seems to have all of the necessary ingredients for success. The plot includes ancient secrets, shadowy organizations, powerful people, the Holy Grail and even Mary Magdalene. The trouble is that the book is too long and padded with boring details.The story, however, does have the potential to be made into  a blockbuster movie.
 I find it truly amazing that people have got upset about this book.  Dan Brown has taken some fact, some conjecture, possibly some consipracy and a good dollop of excellent research put it all together and produced an excellent book  that I and most of my friends couldn't put down.
 I enjoyed this book, but I did not take it seriously.  The chapters are too short, and most of the book is just one breathtaking climactic leap to the next.  It's pretty easy to figure out who the real villain is after we meet him or her, and it's not that hard to understand why the ending is the way it is.  Do not pay full price for this book.  Borrow it. Buy it very cheaply--under $10.  Could I put the book down, yes.  Did I want the book to end. Yes.  Now the only question is....uhm...who are going to play the leads when  Hollywood gets hold of the rights--Anthony Hopkins is a shoe-in for sure!
 In The Da Vinci Code, Dan Brown has read some of the more controversial non-Christian histories regarding Jesus and the potentiality of his having sired children, etc. etc.  Unfortunately for those fundamentalists who refuse to acknowledge it, there is enough evidence out there to support at least the hypothesis that Jesus and Mary Magdalene were married and had children.  Whether or not that bloodline survives to this day is a matter of heated conjecture, even among those who argue favorably for the hypothesis; but for those still too closed-minded to even consider it, this book will be an eye-opener and a stunner.<br/><br/>For those who have an open mind, and for those who have read Angels and Demons, this book is a bit of a letdown.  If the hypothesis is a letdown, the action sequences seem pre-scripted for a movie, rather than for a book of this length.  The character of Robert Langdon is given some level of development in this book, but that is true only if one has read A&amp;D.  If not, many of the references to Langdon's past will remain questions; but perhaps that was DB's intention (get people to read the other books).  And who can blame him?  A&amp;D is by far the better written, more interesting, even more explosive book; to question the very foundations of the Catholic Church, even to show that, above all else, the clergy are human, with very human frailties and obsessions is to put oneself in the line of fire of the longest-serving mind-control organization in the history of humankind.<br/><br/>DVC, as stated, is going to be made into a movie.  Perhaps the choice of Tom Hanks as Langdon is a weak one; but his name sells, and the fact is, Harrison Ford is already too old to play even himself convincingly any more.  So Hanks, a chameleonic actor with plenty of talent and charm, will do fine.  I hope that Jean Reno, as the police sergeant, is less of a stick figure than he has been in some of his action movies, and more like the character we saw in The Professional.  If so, he'll be wonderful; if not, then Fache will be... facile.<br/><br/>In any case, this book lives up to the hype only if you're still living in the 1950's and simply don't have the intelligence or wherewithal to think broadly and for yourself about issues such as personal faith and existence of divinity.  If you subscribe to the mindlessness of unabashed faith, without any abstraction of thought or purpose, then this book will set you on fire.  If you're actually capable of questioning established dogma, you'll probably find this book relatively tame.
 Robert Langdon is just an ordinary symbologist out giving lectures in France, having a fulfilling life. All was normal, until one night he was thrown in the middle of the oddest investigation ever. Then, while attempting to escape the law, he embarks on a search for the legendary Holy Grail. With the Help of Sophia Nevue and clues form the dead will Langdon escape the law and find the Holy Grail? Find out in The Da Vinci Code by: Dan Brown.<br/>This book is a must read by all. It is full of action and adventure that you can only get from this book. Page one starts out with a murder, which is not seen very often in books. Afterward, one might find the book slow, but if you stick with it, it gets much better. I would recommend reading the book before watching the movie because, in general, I have found books less appealing after watching the movie. Watching the movie first will give you the plot and the ending, so you might not want to spend the time to read the book and what really happened, for the movie wasn't 100% accurate. Although The Da Vinci Code delves into religion somewhat, I found that it interesting to the unreligious, and I found nothing offensive in it to the religious. Half of the story takes place in France, so there are some French words used, but they are either directly translated, or the meaning is hinted on by what is being said before and afterward. The book is fictional. But some things in it are accurate, but all-in-all the topic was well researched by the author. In the beginning, before the prologue, it is written what is true in the book. The book shouldn't be read by anyone under 14 years of age, because some of the parts are too detailed and shouldn't be read by younger audiences. I have read another book that delved into religion, and it could have been found offensive, so I acknowledge Dan Brown for creating a great tale. The subject of a modern grail quest isn't written on often or in this kind of detail; so that is why I rate this book a solid ten out of ten, for its creative and original idea, great writing style and its easy to follow plot. Read it, it's well worth the time.
 This is a very interesting novel. I also recommend it to anyone looking for speculative "answers" about Christianity.<br/><br/>You may not agree with everything -- and that's certainly OK.<br/><br/>But take whatever you get from this fictional book and then go research the actual possibilities!<br/><br/>Also recommended: "What Did Jesus Really Say, How Christianity Went Astray:  What To Say To A Born Again Christian Fundamentalist, But Never Had The Information]" by Peter Cayce
 One thing I can say is that this book is incredible.  I started in the morning and couldn't stop until I closed the book at 10 p.m.  The plot was intertwined with fact and fiction and awakened a new side of me.  A renewed interest in art and religion!  I do not want to say much about the book because it may or may not spoil it for you, however, this is an INTENSE read.  I thoroughly enjoyed it and if you are so inclined, you may want to seek out Dan Brown's website that coincides with this book.  After you've read it, of course.<br/>Enjoy this very interesting, well put together, and thought provoking book.  I know I did!
 "The Da Vinci Code" is an incredibly bad book. It's badly plotted, the writing and dialogue are asinine beyond belief. It's the sort of book where the lead character burbles nonsensical, leaden exposition about the goddess figure in Medieval art to his accomplice as they're fleeing from the cops.<br/>Dan Brown isn't the first to rabbit on with this deathly boring claptrap about the Templars and Jesus and the Grail, etc., just the most recent. But neither he nor any of the other conspiracy-obsessed fools can tell us why, if the knowledge that these secret brotherhoods and societies possess is so "powerful", they're so impotent. If they actually knew anything, why don't they come out with and say it? And what difference would it make if yet another group came out with yet another religious theory? Throw it on the heap with the other 100,000,000 wacko theories about gods and messiahs and ressurections and Jesus and Vishnu and werewolves for all the difference it would make.<br/>"The Da Vinci Code" is nothing more than a shockingly bad airport novel. The fact that the author seems to take it seriously is no reason for anyone who actually cares about books and literature to do the same.
 I finally gave into the hype and enjoyed the novel for what it was. This story will allow you to stretch your imagination and force you to use your mind to try and unravel the mystery of the code. I was skeptical at first but after the first 20 pages I found it hard to put down. While many people have strong opinions about the accuracy of the novel all can agree that it is a well written tale of mystery and intrigue that can be enjoyed by all ages no matter what your religious background contains.
 Mr. Brown isn't that great a writer. His spelling and grammar are atrocious. But what I did enjoy about this novel were the questions it raised: Exactly how much truth is in the Bible and how accurate is the current interpretation? It sent me on a spiritual journey, particularly regarding women's roles throughout history. And the BIG question it raised was what happened to bring about the shift in power from women to men? And what will it take for women to get it back again? If, for nothing else, this novel was well worth raising all the controversy.  ...]
 I read this book in one sitting! Whether or not you agree with some of the author's presuppositions, it is a masterfully written suspense thriller.  Definitely a must read and would make a great movie.  However, I am afraid that most people will accept his theological assumptions on face value.  You must read it to know what I am talking about.
 This is quite simply- the best book I have ever read.  Each time I got toward the end of a chapter, I just had to read the next.  The entire book has a "film quality" feel about it..meaning that I could picture the movie in my mind as I was reading it.  Excellent book and I highly recommend that you pick it up.  I was so surprised with the ending of this book that it reminded me of the movie "The Usual Suspects", which didn't reveal the "secret" until the very end.  I can't wait to see who portays the characters in this book when it hits the movie screens...!!!
 The Da Vinci code is a fascinating fictional interpretation of the history of Catholicism and the actuality of the Holy Grail.  The only way one can love this book is to not take it completely literally but to read it for what it is as a whole and allow yourself to be absorbed into its story which really is classified as fiction.  It's not so much an attack on the Catholic church as simply a different perspective from a theory claiming that the lifestyle of Jesus and the actions of the Catholic church in the past may not have been as we thought.  It is definitely worthy of the wave of attention it has brought about and is highly recommended.
 The puzzle: easy.  The writing: not too bad.  The premise: old news.<br/>However, if you've never encountered the actual history of the Catholic Church or noticed the extreme anti-woman ideology of Christianity, this book might lead you to further questioning and research of your own.  Independent thought is frightening and difficult (witness the wailing and gnashing of teeth in many of the "reviews" so far); if this mediocre book encourages even one person to Google something new, then more power to it.
 Well....Now that I've read this book AND "Angels &amp; Demons" I have one complaint: All the other books I now read for excitment and suspense just plain....suck! I cannot wait for Mr. Brown's next book. This book, although maybe not "Gospel Truth" does shed light on many aspects of the Christian faith, especially the place, or lack thereof, of women in the church. I could not put down this book, and dare I say it, I was even more enthralled by "Angels &amp; Demons"
 Now HERE is a really bad book, sorry to say, even though it was the best-selling 'mystery' novel of 2003. I'm all for conspiracy theories as a sub-genre, recall being caught up in the Illuminati Trilogy of the 1970s, etc., but this is just over the top. I am not in favor of organized religion of any kind -- it is strictly a personal thing and nobody has the right to condemn or persecute anybody else for whatever they stand for -- but even so I can hardly believe that the Roman Catholic Church has been one giant conspiracy for the past 1000 years, murdering for the sake of suppressing worship of the mother goddess. Yes, there are indeed secret societies, but more along the lines of old-boy networks, Masons, the Bar Associations, Big Business, and the like. And yes, they are out to rip us off. As are politicians, bosses, capitalists, socialists, you name it -- all of those meddlers who think they know how the rest of us should live our lives. But there is nothing Satanic about this, it is just human nature. "The Da Vinci Code" is just plain silly, and even its vaunted scholarship is nonsense.<br/>As a quick read, it's OK in an improbable way, like the James Bonds, but not halfway as stylish.
 This book is awful. No, really, awful. Just put it down and go read something else. Anything else will certainly be better. And likely less insulting to your intelligence.<br/><br/>I understand that the puzzles were supposed to be part of the charm. I suppose if you like the puzzles, you can be forgiven. For me, this book was made up entirely of predictable drivel that lead nowhere I haven't seen handled better elsewhere. I didn't need to spend time on the puzzles as their answers were as predictable as the rest of the plot.
 I finally got around to reading this best seller.  Someone had told me about the Illustrated version, so I picked up a copy.  I'm so glad I did.  This book is addictive.  The illustrations add immensely to understanding the story, it's hidden meanings and puzzles.  The surprising ending ties everything you learned throughout the book into a tidy package.  Very nice.  Now, on to Angels and Demons!
 The Da Vince Code is one of the better books I have read in some time. Author Brown combines elements of the Knights Templar, Opus Dei, Masons, and of course Leonardo Da Vinci to build a tale of the Holy Grail. The grail isn't what you suspect it would be and the author gives the reader clues as to finding its real identity and location. I recommend it highly!!
 This was an excellent book that was very difficult to put down when started. A fascinating read with lots of twists and turns of a classic chase, but also so much information about so many aspects of religion. Fascinating. And I am not a religious nut. I would not normally pick up a book for that reason, but this book taught me something about religion while being incredibly easy to read, and couched in an excellent chase.<br/>BUY IT - end of discussion
 This one is really a page turner.  It is about a man named Robert LaFollet, an ornithologist who finds a code written on the beak of a rare penguin.  He takes this code to his friend Leonardo DaVinci who uses "the davinci effect" to descramble it.  It turns out that this code reveals a secret that "totally debunks religion".  Finally, with religion debunked once and for all, our hero runs to the helipad and flies off in his "ornith-copter".  Overall, it was good but the sad fact about this book is that I found it overrated.  Still, it presents important veiwpoins about religion and the nature of reality.
 There are books you read because you feel some sort of compunction to be educated, there are books you read because others feel you should be educated, and there are books you read just for fun that end up being educational; this book falls into that last category.  This book is enlightening on two main points, the role of the "Illuminati" in art history, and the deep distaste Mr. Brown has for the Catholic Church.  Despite the bone he has to pick with "Rome" the book is very interesting, and even though it is a popular murder mystery, it does not descend into rank sentimentality. Overall, an excellent read.
 This is one of the most fascinating books I've read in a long time. It really grips you. While I know some people have really delved deeply into some of the ideas that Brown suggests, I think you should look at it more as fun reading rather than some sort of expose. If you like good books, then this is a good one. Just don't take it too seriously.
 Starting off the book grabs and holds your attention from page to page. I'm not certain how accurate the historical accounts are but regardless of that the book is great and it keeps you enthralled through all of its twist and turns. I give 4 stars for the book alone. The historical references though, I ve' heard not all are accurate.
 This book is an interesting read! I am not a very religious person, mainly because modern christianity just doesn't make sense to me. I understood why after reading this book. The story is a good one. I feel like the characters and their actions were a little too predictable but I found the knowledge of religion and history in the book to be extremely fascinating. I learned things that I wasn't aware of which have spurred me on to read more about the Priory of Sion, Opus Dei and the Knights Templer.  Fascinating material!
 The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown is a magical thriller. Brown pulls you through his well written book by shifting plots frequently. He keeps you wondering, who is the next target, what is going on over there, or when will these situations fall together?<br/>Brown's manner of writing, itself, is enough to claim and hold your interest. The short chapters keep you thinking where he could go next in his amazing story. Robert Langdon, a professor and writer, and Sophie Neveu, a cryptographer, must decipher the codes given to them from the scene of a murder in the Louvre, the famous museum and home to the Mona Lisa.<br/>I recommend this book to anyone who has a few spare days and is in the mood for this fast-paced thriller. You will catch yourself searching for answers to the puzzle in books, on the internet, and from random people or close friends. I really enjoyed Brown's brisk-paced storyline and hope you do the same.
 I loved this book and, like many people, I couldn't put it down. I highly recommend reading it. It is a thoughtful, well written, intelligently constructed novel. Dan Brown is either a genius, or had a great deal of help constructing the cryptography of this book. To those who view it with religious disdain I say this: It is a work of fiction and you know it. To create this world, Dan Brown has included some not quite truths that work with the internal logic of the story. That is fine, we expect that of an author. To those who disbelieve him, I say this: It is possible. Highly bloody unlikely, but possible. This is an incredible book-read it and judge it on its merits, but do not judge it without reading it.
 As so many have said before me, this is a terribly underwhelming novel.  The writing is stilted, the characterization lacking, and the plot predictable while still being improbable.<br/><br/>And as for the "revelations" and the "intense amount of research" that went into this novel - all I can say to those comments is that they demonstrate the deplorable state of the public education system in the US.  None of the "historical facts" in the novel were particularly revelatory to me - a product of the public school system in the US, but apparently one of the few who wasn't comatose during history.<br/><br/>It's mildly entertaining, and if it gets people to crack open a book, great.  But the controversy is just silly.  Anyone who has their faith seriously challenged by this book was obviously not particularly devout, or at least not very well educated, in the first place.  And, as other critics and commentators have noted, it's terribly sad that it takes this sort of novel to get millions of people to take a serious interest in the history and origins of their religion.<br/><br/>In short, I've read Star Trek novels that were more profound, thought-provoking, and better researched.  Not to mention better executed.
 Drivel, pure drivel.  Here's a tip, if you are setting out to write a fast paced caper where the charcters must solve coded messages to advance the story, the "codes" should be more complex than those found in the "jumble" in the newspaper or "mirror writing" used in my son's weekly reader.  I solved the three main codes in less than a minute each, but our expert cryptologist and religious symbolist aggonized over them for several pages.  Also, the author is oblivious to the facts and folklore that provide the backdrop of his book. As just one example, the Holy Grail derived from an earlier pagan legend about a magic cauldron, not the idea suggested by the author. This is the worst book I have read in ages.  If you want a good novel about the theft of a sacred relic and the follower's pursuant to retrieve the relic, try Wilkie Collin's "The Moonstone"
 This book was captivating.  I couldn't put it down.  I have always been a fan of art, and historical fact and religious misgivings...and this book delivers all of this and more.  The secrets uncovered are startling because this could all be true.  The chapters are short and well placed events keep you intrigued.  In fact, as soon as a finished The DaVinci Code, I ran out to get the other book with the same character, Angels and Demons.  It is just as good!  So never fear, even when you get sad that there is no more DaVinci Code to read, Dan Brown will give you more opportunities to envelope yourself in the chaos that is his artistry.  GET THIS BOOK!!! You will not regret it.
 Am I the only reader on this planet who does not think Dan Brown's "The DaVinci Code" is a wonderful book?  Who thinks, in fact that it is a rather bad book?  Badgered by any number of friends who consider themselves serious readers, I finally broke down and read it myself.  I was underwhelmed.<br/>For starters, I don't appreciate lectures in suspense thrillers.  Brown continually interrupts the story to drone on about the history of Paris or London, and, more verbosely, the "history" on which the story is based.  Entire chunks of the book read like a tarted up Michelin guide.<br/>Deep into the novel Brown briefly acknowledges his debt to a few religious "history" books, most of which assert claims seriously questioned by scholars.  Presumably Brown wants to assure his readers that he is not making all this stuff up, and that he has spent many tedious hours unearthing this arcane knowledge.  Actually all these books have been available to the public for years.  Evidently relying on the public's short attention span (or impatience with any book containing footnotes), Brown announces all his "revelations" in breathless prose suggesting hot-off-the-press news.<br/>Briefly, its main premise is that Jesus married Mary Magdalene, they had a child, or children, and their descendants are alive in France today.  This knowledge is protected by an ancient secret society, the Priory of Sion, loathed by the Vatican for obvious reasons.  One of the Priory's Grand Master's was Leonardo da Vinci.  Great stuff, thought Brown.  The making of a terrific thriller.<br/>But wait.  I keep calling "The DaVinci Code" a thriller.  True enough, it offers a lot of what thrillers these days strut: cool cars, private planes, luxurious digs, fancy gadgetry, narrow escapes, etc.  The dust jacket, however, announces itself as a novel.  Well, the reader will look in vain for the usual hallmarks of a good novel, namely, well-developed characters in whom the reader takes an interest, and well-turned prose testifying to the author's passion for the language.  I couldn't have cared less what happened to the inane protagonists.  Their conversations are part comic book, part encyclopedia entry, and their adventures are told in a curiously flat, dull style reminiscent of a weather report.<br/>Perhaps I wouldn't be so annoyed by this book if it didn't exude such ambitious pretensions.  I caught Brown on a TV talk show, and it seems the man really thinks he has struck a blow for feminist theology.  That's a claim about as ridiculous as the assertion that the James Bond Series is an eloquent plea for democracy.<br/>I have no doubt that Brown wrote "The DaVinci Code" with the intention of selling the movie rights.  He is already imagining the cast -- Langdon, the main character, is described as "Harrison Ford in Harris tweed."  Well, doubtless the movie will be better than the book.  I can't envision any actor agreeing to interrupt an adventure to spout a lot of dubious scholarship, or worse, fatuous art criticism.<br/>But I pity the script writers.
 Interesting mix of history and fiction.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the Da Vinci Code. Unlike most, I didn't read this when all the balmy started, I read it after the flick came out. I have to say I rightfully enjoyed it very much.<br/><br/>While definitely not a command of prose, the Da Vinci Code seemed to have a plausible plot. Mr. Brown was definitely well researched in his subject (although he likely should have checked up on the current status of the Priory of Sion, whom have been proven as frauds) and the thought of Mary and Jesus having themselves a babby definitely jogs the mind a bit.<br/><br/>I just do not understand why there's all the anger and animosity toward Brown's book. Much of it is just hatred for him saying Jesus got his oats but what of it? Does it make him less the Saviour if he had a wee un?<br/><br/>Well, rather then get in that palaver I believe I'll just say that this novel has you turning pages one after the next. I say don't worry so much about WHO it was about and just try to enjoy the ride. By the by, the book is superior to the film.
 This is one of my favorite books of all time! I absolutely love it. Professor Langdon is the modern version of Sherlock Holmes. I normally not a big reader, but this book was so suspenseful; I just couldn't put it down.<br/>The thing I love most about this book is how many questions you are left with after you have finished it. Yes, it's true, this is a fiction novel. But many of the topics and plots covered in this novel are real. I mean real in the fact that they have been shrewd in mystery for hundreds if not thousands of years. For example, the antagonist of the story is a faction of the Catholic Church known as Opus Dei. Well, Opus Dei really does exist and has quite a few conspiracy theories connected to that existence. Another example is the famous Rosslyn Chapel. Rosslyn Chapel has been engulfed with conspiracy theory for hundreds of years mainly because of it connection with the Knights Templar.<br/>That's what makes this book so special. Although, Brown openly admits that the book is fictional, it draws on questions that have been asked for centuries. The simple fact of the matter is that no one for sure can prove how much is fiction and how much is reality. It's simply for every reader to decide.
 I just finished the book and have to say it was a real page-turner.  That being said, I also kept getting the sense that I was reading the script for a movie.  The suspense is definitely there but reality was really being stretched as the story unfolded.  Some of it also tended to be predictable.  I figured out the text under the rose on the box immediately and ran to my bathroom mirror to decipher it before reading on.  Brown definitely has done a lot of research on the subjects of the Holy Grail, Mary Magdalen, Opus Dei, and the Vatican and has used the information well to write this fast-paced book.  But it seems too incredible to believe that all of this story and all the coincidences could fall successfully into place in a 24-hour period.  Would I recommend the book? Yes, absolutely.  If for no other reason than to pique your interest into finding out more about the Holy Grail, Mary Magdalen, Opus Dei, etc.  The Truth is Out There....
 I found this book an excellent weave of fiction and fact (stress on the fiction). Dan Brown takes some known facts and many grey areas with room for interpretation to weave a tale of intrigue while touching on some of the more controversial topics.  The book should be read as a story....nothing more!<br/>I found the ending a bit contrived but overall this book was a great way to open my eyes to the more factual books/research on this topic that are not as exciting on the first pass for the ignorant ones like me.
 This piece was one of the best books I've read in a long time. Since I go to school and barely have time to read, when I do, I get so engrossed in it that I find myself reading at rapid paces and unable to put the book down. Dan Brown has done a fantastic job on this book. It's fun, very well thought out, creative, imagininative but most of all, suprisingly, sometimes accurate. That little fun fact mentioned somewhere in the book about Friday the 13th and why it is believed to be so unlucky is very interesting. That was news to me! There aren't enough words to describe this book. The movie, I hope, will be great.<br/><br/>As I would say, "Te la comiste, Dan!"<br/><br/>Louis
 Food for thought, just thought I'd point out that one of the things most people point out as fascinating about this book is that it is set with the code and these secret organizations working in the background, this idea is less than original.  Funny, another setting, another genre, but has anyone who read this book read Black Madonna (Shadowrun, No 20) by Carl Sargent, Marc Gascoigne?  Not the same book I'll be the first to admit, but funny how you have a book that is not about Da Vinci, but is set with a backdrop about his code...  A little too similar for my comfort, I would love to know if Dan Brown ever read Black Madonna?  But I don't think I'd trust his answer.
 I took this book to be what it was written to be, namely, a fictional story drawn on historical facts. If you do the same, that is, don't take it too seriously, you will find it to be a great read. The author, Dan Brown, did a great job of writing a fictional story, somewhat of a fantasy, presenting it within the framework of true history. It is unique. The only other author I have seen who did that is Norman Thomas Remick in his book "West Point" in which he writes a book of true history but presents it within the framework of a fantasy. I loved Dan Brown's book, and Remick's, too. I think all book lovers should read them.
 I was loaned this book by a friend and I am now buying it so that I can lend it to my friends and relatives.  It is definitely worth it.  Not being a big fan of murder mysteries, I was apprehensive about reading this book when it was recommended to me.  But since I was assured it also crossed genres into historical fiction (my true love) I decided to give it a try.  I was hooked within the first 10 pages.  The romanticized descriptions of the Louvre and other museums/landmarks made me want to give Paris another chance after having had a bad experience there a few summers ago.  The story is fascinating, the well-researched history is intriguing, the pace is energizing, and the characters are stereotypical but adorable nonetheless.  Buy it or borrow it ... it is a great read.
 I first saw the movie. I was unaware that it was a novel. However, when I found out, i was very excited. Reading the book is a lot more satisfying than watching a movie.
 A good mystery with a strong plot. I enjoyed following the clues. The characters weren't well developed, but the plot moved so quickly that I didn't mind. This one is all about the mystery!
 Dan Brown has brought the ages-old mystery of Leonardo Da Vinci, The Holy Grail, and even Jesus Christ Himself into the mainstream with this awesome book.  While this book is in fact an awesome novel, but is full of astonishing facts about the life of Jesus Christ, his alleged marriage to Mary Magdalene, their allaged child Sarah, The Knights Templar and their connection to modern-day Masons, and the clues left by Leonardo Da Vinci leading researchers to believe that much has been covered up by the Catholic Church and Opus Dei. The author has really done his homework on this one, and combined with his unique storytelling talent, has created a book that no one will be able to put down!
 The author takes his time in this book. He makes sure that we feel like we are in the scenes. The writing is amazing. The plot is far-fetched, but the scenery makes up for it.<br/><br/>Highly recommended!
 I wanted to read this book because of all the hype; but couldn't get through the trenches of the writing.  After the first 8 chapters (they are pretty short) the book was too confusing.  Flash backs, flash forwards...I felt inundated.  I finally had to see the movie to understand the book.  Now I will go back and read the book with the baseline of what the story is all about.<br/><br/>However, I applaud Dan for his creativity.  Taking a subject such as religion, where we all absolutely know the religious story of "Easter" from childhood and other stories of Christianity and here comes the "Da Vinci Code" metaphorically pulling the rug from under our feet is pretty genius. Good going Dan, but next time...easy on the pen...
 I enjoyed this novel and it does qualify as a "page turner."  The plot is certainly more intriquing and original than most mystery fiction.  But the characters are straight from central casting and one does get the feeling the book was written with a definite eye towards selling the movie rights.  A high-brow plot, but written for the masses.  Doesn't deserve the hype, but not a bad read.
 Dan Brown has written the best mystery/thriller I've read in years.  As we follow Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon on his journey beginning at the Louvre with a mysterious death. His need to solve the crime takes us on a fabulous journey through historical places and works of art.  The fantastic research of the author reinforces the plot and keeps book's pages turning.
 A enjoyable book to read. Listen to some of it on an audio book. The reader did a nice job also.
 With all the hoopla, and religious concerns aside, the Da Vinci Code is a wonderfully well-written book.  The characters are complex, the action continuous, and the plot credible. If the book is lacking anything, its that I wish it had been longer.  I understand there were sections left out when the book was edited.  I'd like to see a second printing which include some of those sections.  You are enticed through the story by a series of clues which demonstrates the truly creative mind of Dan Brown.
 It was so exciting reading Dan's researched fiction that it made me long for more books like this. The intriguing time line and the details of the codes in this book are alluring to say the least. You'll never look at the Last Supper the same way. Don't want to be a spoiler, but I could not put this book down. An easy read if you've already studied this stuff in art history, etc.
 About half-way through this book I began to regret the purchase. Dan Brown is overcome by his 'research' and the story never really gels. When an untrained person like me can decipher the anagrams faster than the characters who are experts, there is something very wrong.  Brown doesn't sell the romance angle at all. Finally, he tries to un-do his shots at The Vatican and The Priory with a few apologetic sentences toward the end. With all the hokey rose symbolism rampant throughout the book, I felt surely the culprit would turn out to be Pete Rose.
 A good read. The unfolding of the historical mystery is by far the best part. That's what all of the fuss is about and that part more than lives up to the hype. The characters are not strong, but their actions keep the story moving. Four stars.
 I've read a few reviews on this book and I think the overall average review for this book is pretty accurate.  This book reads pretty fast, which is good.  For those who didn't get pass the 2/3rd mark you were smart.  The ending, as usual for Dan Brown, was disappointing.  I just have 1 word, "Hollywood."  After reading Angels &amp; Demons and Da Vinci Code I have to say that's the last of Dan Brown for me...unless he kills off Robert Langdon.  Of course, if the anti-matter, the Hassassin, or any of the secret frats couldn't kill the little nerd I don't think anything or anyone else could...except Mr. Brown himself.  The one bright spot was this book was an improvement over Angels &amp; Demons.
 A Harvard history professor's research into secret sects symbols funnels into a personal quest for the Holy Grail.<br/>There are enough twists and turns to make this book difficult to put down.  But there are too many coincidences for my taste to rate five stars.
 This is a surprise reading adventure from a reader who bought this to read while my spouse read Tom Clancy's newest.  Soon each  of us was waiting for the other to put Davinci Code down long enough so we could sneak a peek.  It is such a compelling book that  we actually considered buying a second copy for a simultaneous read.  It is an intellectual trip for anyone interested in religion,  symbology, linguistics, and history. The historical accuracy is noteworthy.  At the same time, it is a mystery writer's masterpiece.  The ending actually brought a tear or two.  It will remain in my permanent library if I can recover it from the family members waiting to read it.
 I've read a few of the reviews and I cannot understand where they are coming from. First of all the book is a fictional one, no one said it was true, secondly even if it were true ,so what? It's not like someones committed murder ,Jesus happens to marry and settle down, what could be more natural and lastly just enjoy the book for what it is ,a wonderful read!
 I will be honest.  I'm not much of a reader, in fact I wait until 'the movie' of a book someone suggests to me.  However, when a friend insisted I read a book called The Da Vinci Code, I felt inclined to see what the hype was about.<br/>Wow.  What a ride.  From start to finish, it's gripping suspense and engaging characters kept me enthralled.<br/>I'm a believer of Dan Brown and have since purchased Angels &amp; Demons which is almost equal in captivation.  Do yourself a favour and read this, you WON'T be at all dissapointed.  And don't forget the movie in 2005 :-P
 This book was pretty predictable and cheesy for me.  It was semi-entertaining and certainly easy to read, but I found myself pretty ready to stop reading it before I reached the end.  I consider this book the equivalent to an airplane movie.  If you want something to pass the time, it will do, but don't expect to be moved to tears.
 This book  was very entertaining to me. Nice to have a thought-provoking and a well-researched book to read. I see there are a lot of one-star reviews that are pushing down the overall rating of this book? Why?  Is this book too smart for you? Couldn't break the code yourselves? What a shame. For those who have read the book, if you go to Dan Brown's website he has the actual paintings that are referenced in his book. Definitely worth checking out.
 If you think you've read this book before, you have.  Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum" covers much the same ground, is better written, and more sound in its research.<br/>The author can't even take the step of having his Parisian characters create puzzles in French (and his own French seems at times in need of assistance).<br/>Worst is his annoying habit of ending chapters as the characters view some shocking item - not to be revealed for pages to come.  By mid book, you are juggling so many of these, it's not surprising if you forget a few by the time they are in fact revealed!<br/>It is amusing that he takes a legitimate religious organization, Opus Dei, and turns into a cartoon of a James Bond evil spy ring.  One only hopes that too many don't look in this pious group for shadowy albino assassins.  I dare say they won't find any.<br/>And by the way, cell phones don't work in airplanes.  You are thousands of feet from the nearest antenna which is pointed down (you know, towards where the cell phones are for the most part!)
 The good news:<br/>It is a riveting, fast-paced  thriller, that is hard to put down before one has read it to the end.<br/>The bad news:<br/>The book is littered with factual faults. This is obvious to anyone having a rudimentary knowledge of: science, religious-history, geography, Paris, Europe, symbolism, computers, architecture, cars, world-history, aviation, banks etc. The author uses widespread name-dropping in every area instead of doing a more thorough research. Two small examples: How do you put a car with a manual transmission in "Park"? It doesn't make sense.  How do you use a computer to calculate a ten digit access code for a bank account? You can't.<br/>You have to be narrow-minded to thoroughly enjoy this book.
 This novel relies heavily on facts to complement the fictional plot.  The reader can tell that the author is very informed on the subject matter, which is a refreshing discovery.  However, some of the plot progressions seem a little too linear and "Hardy Boys-esque."  If one should decide to read this book, he or she will not find much of the happenings surprising, yet the author manages to maintain the reader's attention.  I would recommend this book to anyone that enjoys learning about historical occurrences, while not really having one's brain overworked.  All-in-all, I would say this book is an outstanding contemporary piece of literature that will be read and enjoyed for years to come.
 It rather amazes me how much controversy this one book has raised amongst both Catholic and Evangelical Fundamentalist Christians around the world. Dan Brown is not a preacher, a pastor, evangelist, or even a Sunday school teacher. Yet his words have conjured up such a retaliatory position from the church that it really makes you wonder if he's on to something.  The book is a wonderful read.  Brown is an exceptionally great writer and storyteller. He skillfully mixes fact and fiction together with artistry and colorful skillfulness. How he presents the controversial issues provokes meaningful thought and much discussion.  I believe that Brown may be on to something here; the church at large obviously believes that also, which is why they seek to censor his voice.  Although Brown does not claim to hold any clerical office in the church, from his writing he may be functioning as a modern day prophet and not even know it. Masterful writing!
 This book is nothing less than entertaining. If you like suspense, secret societies, or conspiracy theories, then this is a book is worth reading.<br/><br/>Before I ever read any of Dan Browns novels, I always had heard them to be predictable, over the top, taboo monstroseties. (the reason I say taboo is because my family is Roman Catholic and to them, to say Jesus was married, with children was, well, preposterous.) But once I read Angels And Demons, I knew I had to finish the series. The writing styles Brown expressed made visualizing the novel easy. the story line, I admit, is a little hard to follow at the beginning, although once you're a few chapters in you wont be able to put the book down. you can't help but to appreciate the attention to detail portrayed in this masterpiece. If you haven't read this book yet you should at least give it a try, and you might find it to be worth your while.
 The Da Vinci Code begins with a murder in Paris's famous Louvre museum, home to Venus De Milo and the Mona Lisa.  A famous American scholar becomes a suspect in the crime and must solve the mystery in order to save himself from the authorities.  Full of twists and chases, the story behind the crime reaches all the way back to the days of Christ and deals with a secret society whose job it has been for two thousand years to guard the most precious secrets of Jesus's life and the formation of the Church.<br/><br/>Now, you are waiting for me to explain my title "Indiana Jones meets Scooby Doo".  Ok, here it is:<br/><br/>The best parts of the book remind me of the first and third Indiana Jones films (Temple of Doom sucked).  Dan Brown builds his fictional story on just enough truth about Christian history to spark imagination and plant in his readers a kernel that will lead to conversations, research and a deeper understanding of the life of Christ, the Church and the role mankind has played in muddying up the religion.  We shouldn't read his book as "The Gospel According to Dan", and I would bet Mr. Brown would say the same thing.  But it is a wonderful starting point for someone unfamiliar with the formation of the early church and the political/social choices of the first leaders that have shaped the evolution of the faith.  I have yet to talk to any reader of the book who did not immediately locate a copy of The Last Supper and look for the clues the book suggests exists amid its scene.<br/><br/>But with all that highbrow content is a very lowbrow narrative, full of melodramatic mysteries, knock-you-over-the-head-clues and prose that at times sounds like it belongs in a dime store.  The arch of the story is a common mystery (despite the very uncommon content), and is not unlike the plot of an episode of Scooby-Doo (a crime takes place, suspects are identified, people aren't who they say they are and our heroes figure it all out).  At the very end, I half expected the main villain to really be Old Man Withers of the Amusement Park and our two protagonists to enjoy a nice meal of Scooby Snacks.
 First of all, let me say GREAT BOOK! I could never imagine finding such a great novel to read in my spare time. It was full of intrigue, and mystery. Something that we all must agree, is hard to find these days. It creates a different point of view within the reader. It opens your mind. No longer will you look at religion the same way. However, only read this if your faith is firmly grounded. It really does make think and wonder about the truth of religion, more specifically,  Christianity. The codes within the book, dealing with DaVinci and the arts, are that, that give the book its title. These codes and theories are some that give the plot such depth and understanding. Its definitly a reading for those that enjoy a reading on a higher level, one that transcends all tradition. READ IT!
 Got mine at a rummage sale without a dust cover, that's why I ask.  Thought I'd check it out because of all the recent hoopla.  Seems to me that the subject matter could have been the basis for a series of novels or at least one big thick one, but Mr. Brown (or his publishers) decided to present a tidy little boiled down version.  Unfortunately, the underdevelopment of the characters and the use of long french proper names makes the book actually hard to read, and definitely not a page turner for me.<br/><br/>One can learn about much more shadowy individuals and intricate plots by just googling the words illuminati, golden dawn society, new world order, knights of malta, rosy cross, priory of sion, et cetera ad nauseum.
 So I finally read this novel just to see what all the hullabaloo was about.  I am at a loss to explain all the hype!  I didn't care for this book at all.  The authors' writing style isn't high quality, the story itself is implausible and I found myself completely indifferent to the characters.  I just don't understand what all the excitement is about.
 Huge bestseller, interesting subject matter, a quick read, yet still a tremendous waste of time. I'm not troubled with the inaccuracies in the book, it is fiction after all... What troubles me is how poorly written the book is. The author lacks any hint of gift with the written word. The writing has an irritating, smug tone and exceptionally grating tongue-in-cheek dialogue. This author's prose is reminiscent of, and has all the sophistication of the narration from Ed Wood's movies.<br/>Any real mystery or intrigue in the book is coincidental, inherent in the subject matter but missing from the story. The author wraps an absurd plot in sophomoric characters and childish puzzles. The characters repeatedly struggle with riddles that would make Encyclopedia Brown chortle, and that every reader has easily solved.<br/>The DaVinci Code is like a children's book distillation of Umberto Eco's work... A poor man's Foucault's Pendulum or Baudolino.
 The book itself says that it's fiction so everything that the book says is probably a hoax. Nevertheless, the conspiracies theories that have been expressed in the book are interesting and is worth a debate.
 I enjoy well written novels.  This one was well written for the first 100+ pages.  But faltered with the action and chase scenarios.  When the plot was developed I found myself not caring about it and lost the interest I had developed in the early stages of the novel.<br/>A word of warning: the book should be previewed before purchase.  I would recommend reading pages 119-121, 124-126, and pages 231-233 to see if you are comfortable with the author's theme.  For those who are not, it would be a waste to purchase this book.
 This book was one not to put down.  It was the first of Dan Brown's books I have read, and I guarantee it will not be the last.  The way in which the author weaves in facts and historical theories is amazing.  I enjoyed the story and learned a lot too. Perhaps Mr. Brown should try writing texts books, I guarentee students would retain a lot more knowledge if he did!
 I really enjoyed this book. Although some may find it bashes certain parts of the Church, it was done with what seemed like reasonable facts and that make okay. Definitely a wild ride.
 Normally I am not the type to read murder mysteries, I generally read non-fiction.  But someone at work read this, they told a few people how incredible it was, they told a few more and eventually I read it.  I read it over Labor Day weekend while camping and I suggest you find similar down time because once you pick this up you will NEVER want to put it down.<br/>This book puts into question everything we grew up learning and teaches you a few interesting things you never knew.  I highly recommend this book to anybody, no matter what type of book you like to read.<br/>I cannot say enough about how good this book is!
 The Da Vinci code is, as they say, "a good read." That's about the best that can be said of it. I think Dan Brown's writing is cliched, stilted, and heavy-handed, and his characters are transparent stereotypes. But there is no denying he can weave a story that holds your attention, like -- well -- Robert Ludlum or someone of that ilk. A "good read," but not great literature.
 I gave in to the hype and finally read this book. Even though my faith rejects the premise of the book, I don't take it too seriously as this book was purchased in the fiction section of my local bookstore. I found the book to be a thriller that intertwines mystery and action with religious conspiracy theory. It was page turner that kept me on edge from start to finish. I look forward to reading another one of Brown's books.
 If you are a catholic, please don�t waste your money in a book that calumniates the Catholic Church with all kind of accusations including murder, fraud and others. Even if you are not catholic but Christian or Muslim, you should know that the author denies the celibacy of our Lord Jesus and other truths of our faith.<br/>View of Opus Dei is delirious. Although I am not a member I have known Opus Dei quite enough to make me grin when reading a member committing murder or the Opus Dei Prelate involved in the plot.<br/>By the was, almost all the text written in Spanish is full of grammar mistakes, perhaps like this review but at least I don�t earn my money writing books.
 I am engrossed in this book and have stopped several times to get additional information on everything from Opus Dei, to the Inquisition to Gnostics to The Last Supper and Mary Magdalene on the net.  For someone raised with a sense of faith, yet having an intuitive feeling that there are unanswered questions and pieces missing in my life's puzzle, this was a springboard for me to learn more.<br/>This book is captivating, eye-opening, and believable in its history and suspenseful, exciting and an incredible page-turner as a story.<br/>Mind expanding to say the least!
 I had a friend tell me that this was the best novel he had ever read. I found that a bit of an exaggeration, but it's certainly a very good, hard-to-put-down, read. It's a remarkably well-written combination of puzzles, mystery, history, and chase that will keep you up late at night.
 I have finally bought and read (in 2 days!) The Da Vinci Code and I am glad I did.<br/><br/>When released here in Australia, it created a storm of controversy. I simply found it  incredibly educational reading, and while not being overly religious, it gave me a greater understanding of a lot of religions. As a work of fiction, based on a lot of fact, it was brilliant.<br/><br/>I am now about to buy the rest of Dans books and then create merry hell at parties by bringing up a few salient points of "The Code!!"<br/><br/>Regards<br/><br/>Wally Schiel<br/><br/>Geraldton, Western Australia.
 Always having been a major Da Vinci fan, I decided to see what the hype about this book was really justified. Picking up a copy before a short flight from the UK to The Netherlands, I started reading and basically, I only stopped because reading while driving is bad for one's health. What a book.<br/><br/>The conservator of the Louvre museum is found murdered. The police's only solid clue leads to an American professor, who was supposed to meet the curator. Quickly, it turns out he is the police's main suspect. Accompanied by the curator's granddaughter, a cryptographic expert, he escapes and starts a desperate quest to unravel the clues the curator left them, while hopefully tracking down the true murderer.<br/><br/>Not only does Brown manage to write an excellent thriller, with cliffhangers-galore, but he somehow knows exactly where my interests lie. the Knights Templar, the Priory de Sion, the Dead Sea Scrolls, Da Vinci, it's all there. While most of the stuff revealed by Brown was nothing I never read before, it was awesome to see those things being interwoven into the story.<br/><br/>I finished the book in less than 2 working days, only stopping reading for sanitary stops, work, or commuting. From page 1 on, Brown draws the reader into an entriguing plot, and only releases him or her at page 590 or so, when the book is done.<br/><br/>Where can we sign up for the sequal?
 This is a good beach read but that is about it.  My main problem with it was that I had been lead to believe by the hype that it was intellectual.  As far as I can see, Dan Brown has taken a mis-mash of tired old theories about the power of the Church and symbology and formed them into a pretty good thriller.  There is very little new here in the way of ideas and the writing style is not particularly lyrical (two things that I personally like in novels.)  Umberto Eco has done somewhat the same thing in Foucault's Pendulum and he did it infinitely better.
 I could not put this book down.  And every time I had too, I couldn't wait to get back to where I left off.  Because I didn't want to miss any details.<br/>This book was great.  It had all the things that make a great thriller of a novel -- a great plot, gripping details, intrigue, and it moved at a pace where it was comfortable enough for the reader to keep track of what was happening.<br/>If you enjoy mystery novels of all kinds, and love a "Bourne Identity" type of plot, than this novel is an absolute must read.  Your collection would be incomplete without it.
 At one level The Da Vinci Code is a good read. It moves quickly and engages the reader from the beginning. It's a piece of mind candy that can be digested in an afternoon. In the process, one can pick up a few interesting facts that can be shared over dinner or at a party - the Golden Ratio, the Fibonacci sequence, and a smattering of art history (though Mr. Brown's interpretation of "The Last Supper" shouldn't be considered definitive; don't tell people that Mary Magdalene sits beside Christ in that painting unless you want them to know that you learned all you know about Da Vinci from "The Da Vinci Code").<br/>At another level, this novel is a disappointment. It doesn't really matter much in this type of book whether the author gets his historical and geographical facts right. The book doesn't pretend to be an academic treatise on theology and history. It's a thriller and a mystery, and what matters is that the characters be convincing and the clues be consistent. In that regard the book fails. When an internationally renowned historian and expert on Da Vinci fails to recognize that a message written by another Da Vinci expert and placed in a box designed by Da Vinci is written as Da Vinci would write it, backward, wondering instead whether it's written in some arcane Semitic script, you can only roll your eyes and call him a dunce. When two highly educated and supposedly brainy characters are stymied (even if only for a couple of pages) by their lack of a numerical bank code, you're left wondering why they've forgotten the sequence of numbers left in the dying message of the man to whose bank box they're trying to gain access, a message they saw only hours before. Is he so besotted by her glorious hair and she by his rugged good looks that they can't remember numbers that were so important to them that very night? Over and over these brilliant dunces miss or forget the obvious, or at least what should be obvious to them.<br/>Well before one of these dim-witted geniuses has the meaning of the Holy Grail spelled out for her, the reader has already put the whole thing together. All that's left is to figure out who the master-mind is behind the book's murders. There Mr. Brown cheats. If a murder mystery (and at one level, that's what this book is) provides the reader with clues, it should provide clues that allow the clever reader to solve it before all is revealed at the end. Rigorous logic should lead to only one possible answer. This novel provides clues that lead logically to the wrong answer, and at the very end suddenly provides new information that requires a re-interpretation of the clues that came before. That's rather shabby. The story's denouement also serves to reduce the novel's shaddow of menace and sense of great and important events to a bit of feel-good pop religiosity and a comically pitiful villain. By the time we find the Grail and catch the killer, we wonder what the fuss was all about.<br/>I didn't like this book. That isn't to say that I wouldn't recommend it as light reading and entertainment, but I'd feel disappointed if I expected anything more from it. After all the hoopla, I did expect more. Mr. Brown has done some interesting research and written an interesting story, but he hasn't written it very well, and the editorial enthusiasm for his research speaks volumes about the low standards of editorial writers.
 I was familiar with the book via the movie. The movie was very true to the book. I am reading another Dan Brown book because this one was so good.
 great historical-fiction thriller
 After giving in to the hype and reading this book, I frankly don't understand what all the fuss was about.  The allegations about the Catholic Church aren't shocking to anyone who's read _Holy Blood, Holy Grail_, or the better follow-up _The Woman with the Alabaster Jar_; what *is* shocking is that Brown presents this interesting if flawed speculative history as if it were verified fact.  There's enough actual evidence of the Church's ugly political machinations and lethal intolerance and misogyny to power any number of thrillers without having to resort to invention, but I digress.  Brown seeds the story with just enough facts that the half-truths, misleading statements, and pure fictions go down in the same gulp, and while that's certainly no crime -- this is a suspense novel, after all -- he then tries to endow it all with the odor of historical sanctity, but there's another aroma overpowering.<br/>As for the story itself... eh. It clipped along at a decent pace, but again, knowing the conspiracy theory in advance rendered the plot utterly predictable.  Then there's Brown's gifts as a prose stylist, which are, to be charitable, crushingly mediocre.  But by far the most irritating aspect of the book, for me, was Brown's treatment of Sophie.  After a promising entrance (springing Langdon from a trap in the Louvre), she becomes no more than a listening post and token love interest.  The scenes where she sits around, silent, while a bunch of *men* lecture her about The Suppression of the Divine Feminine were unintentionally hilarious.  In fact, were there any other women in this novel?  Liberate the Mother, indeed.
 I read this book in a week, it's pretty thick but after the first chapter you're hooked. The writing isn't excellent but Dan Brown sure knows how to set you up for suspense and excitement. At points I couldn't believe the amount of research that must have gone into writing this book. All of the theories were obviously fiction but the weird part was that they actually made sense. I loved this book! I have already read "Angels &amp; Demons" another of Dan Brown's books and Da Vinci Code is by far the better of the two. Buy it you'll love it!
 Dan Brown writes a mind boggling, intriguing mystery that questions the beliefs of many. The Da Vinci is a must read for those with a open mind to the worlds of religion, art and culture. The Da Vinci Code is a perfect mix of history and a modern murder mystery.<br/> When the curator of the Louvre is found dead the French Judicial Police are on the trail to pin point the murderer. Robert Langdon, an American symbologist is brought into help decipher the curator clues. When Sauniere is found out to be linked with the Priory of Sion, a secret society the matter changes and a treasure hunt around Europe begins.<br/> The Da Vinci Code is written in such a way that advanced vocabulary is not needed. It is an easy, enjoyable read.<br/> The characters are definitely different and each have their own flaws and talents. Their ability to solve the puzzles and link one story to the other is amazing and blows my mind. The characters have a voice of their own and are well developed.<br/> The plot is a bit predictable but the puzzles, clues and mystery aspect of it makes up for the weak plot. In some parts it is confusing but as the book continues the pieces fall together well. The book does have the potential to create a controversy.<br/> The book is like no other I have ever read. The Da Vinci Code stands in a category of its own, setting the bar high for those authors that wish to enter. I believe that The Da Vinci Code will set a trend with books and short stories. I think that The Da Vinci Code will be made into a motion picture in the next few years. Whether or not it would be the best thing depends on the audience. Personally I feel that the book should remain as it is because if it is made into a movie Brown's voice will be lost within the translation from novel to script.<br/> Overall this book has been the best book I have read in a long time. It was refreshing and a wonderful idea. Dan Brown puts together a wonderful masterpiece just as Leonardo Da Vinci and his Mona Lisa. I admire Dan Brown for putting together this wonderful mystery and I encourage all of you to read The Da Vinci Code and experience this story!
 Such profound material . . I was wondering how he would end it and as far as I am concerned, he was wondering too.  For all the puzzle-solving, intellectual highballing that he puts into his characters, at the end, nothing.  It was a page turner, and I only wish there was something of substance as I turned to the last page.
 I bought this book out of curiosity since so many Americans have or are reading the book.  Who wants to be left out?  When I opened the book, I was unaware of the hubbub it has created in the U.S.  However, from the start, I had to force myself to read on.  I was too aware of the many italics thrown on every page, and the storyboard format.  In addition, rather than developing his characters, the setting, the narrative suspense, I was constantly being lectured by someone so much more "knowledgeable".  Very condescending!  And I was constantly asking myself, are his facts accurate?  Suspicion came already in his descriptions of Paris: Gare Saint Lazare to go to Lille (it is the Gare du Nord) and the Bois de Boulogne is not a forest but woods and not entirely sinister, filled with prostitutes.  He does give interesting facts, PHI, the blade and chalice but all have the flavor of hocus-pocus.  His historical sidetracks only tried my patience, it seemed like padding on to a contrived story.  A couple of positive points, the book does encourage discussion and perhaps even motivate Americans to rediscover Paris and France.
 I am not an avid reader and ususally do not read on a regular basis.  However, after picking up this book, it kept me glued to the pages until I finished.  One turn after the next, creating more suspense throughout the book.  I enjoyed this book and it has started my search to find other books like this to enjoy!
 Da Vinci Code is the best book I have read in many, many years.  I hope that Dan Brown will write other books that involve Robert Langdon as I completely enjoy his character (as well as the history lessons!).  I highly recommend this book - 5+++ stars!
 The story and pacing were very entertaining.  Is Dan Brown the best author in my opinion?  No.  Did this book change any of my beliefs?  No.  It is fiction afterall. But, did I enjoy reading this book?  Yes.  Will I be reading other books by Dan Brown?  Definitely, yes!  He does tell a good story.
 just written for slower folks, with all interesting mind fodder removed. I disagree with some of the other reviews stating this is a total ripoff.... even within the text Brown acknowledges that all of these ideas are old hat and have been for at least decades. As my title indicates, however, Umberto Eco was able to weave the old legends of the Templars into a much more relevant and poignant work. Besides, with Bush's current fantasia of rationales for provoking illegal wars, the nature of truth as elucidated in Foucault's Pendulum is much more pertinent.
 As a literature teacher married to a theologian, I've often been accused by friends of "seeing things that were not there." (symbology).  Now, as a result of reading The DaVinci Code, not only can I gloat that I am aware of more symbols than the average person, I also know there's a name for those who study symbols, (symbologist).  One of the nicest things a sixth-grade student wrote about me was, "Mrs. *** LOVES words, and she knows how to use them."  As a word lover and lover of symbology, I was enthralled with the story.  His subtle sense of humor and discreet allusion is not to be missed either. Often I'd find myself laughing out loud.  Bravo!
 When I first began to read the Da Vinci Code I thought that it was quite boring. As I got into it though, I found it was quite interesting. The suspense is amazing! The book takes place in France, for the main part. The search they are on will suprise you, in many different ways. The book starts out pretty normal then has a couple of twists and turns and before you know it you will be so caught up you won't be able to put it down. I think this book is very well written and has excellent details. I really enjoyed reading this book and finished it quickly because I couldn't put it down. I strongly recommend this book to anyone, but especially to people who are interested in art.
 As this product of "breaking the mold" new generation style of writing has stayed so long on the best seller list, it must have given pleasure to enough holiday makers and switch-offers. It is a good read as entertainment and is full of interesting stuff about the Vatican and Opus Dei that rings true, however further analysis leaves the intelligent reader frustrated by naivity of the details (the mirror writing is so obvious) and other points of fact are inexcusable and should have been checked on the web before publication.<br/>There are so many solicisms to list, starting with his idiotic ideas about customs regulations. Then, even before terrorism  changed the rules, no car, not even a "Jaguar stretch limo with smoked windows and whitewall tires" would get near to parking on Horse Guards Parade for more that the time it takes to tow it away. If I remember my Westminster Abbey correctly, the Chapter House is entered from the East Cloister and has no possible view of College Garden. Because it comes under the Department of the Environment you have to pay to get in. It has a famous medieval tiled floor, not a stone one, and felt slippers are issued to the public. St Faith's Chapel is off the South Transept, not the Cloisters and his other topographical descriptions are rubbish. There is no brass rubbing permitted except in the Cloisters.<br/>These sort of factual mistakes are unforgiveable as they take the reader's mind of the main theme of the book and make one wonder how many similar mistakes are there in the Paris scenario. I made a list of several other minor factual errors before getting bored making it.<br/>The idea behind the book is a good one as is the plot. We all know how Church history has been massaged and like to read about it. Perhaps he can now do a sequel about Islam! If Don Brown has made enough money out of this, perhaps next time he can employ a couple of research assistants to keep him on the straight and narrow.
 We can debate the religious subtext of "The Da Vinci Code" ad nauseum (and I'll admit that's what got me interested in reading the book to begin with), but it doesn't change the fact that this book is simply not very good.  The characters are thinly drawn and the events and coincidences that bring them together are ridiculously contrived.  I could never accept that a man dying from a bullet wound would have the physical ability and presence of mind to set up an elaborate series of clues to reveal a centuries-old conspiracy.  Dan Brown asks readers to take many plot-oriented leaps of faith in "The Da Vinci Code".  I couldn't do it.<br/>One other plot question:  Since so many "experts" seemed to know the true nature of the Holy Grail, why was locating it such a big deal?  How can there be a "conspiracy" to protect an ancient secret if everybody's already in on it?<br/>I found "The Da Vinci Code" to be a literary "Blair Witch Project".  The backstory was interesting enough, but the plot woven around it fell flat.
 I had told my friend how much I had wanted to read this book. I must've been crazy or something. And she just came to school the next day with a huge box in her hands and gave it to me. Yes, this book is not cheap. Borrow it before you buy it. Please, it's a waste of your money.<br/>First off, I am Christian, and I knew I'd be insulted by the book, but nevertheless I started reading it. If you're Christian, I suggest you count to a 100 a couple times, bang your head against the wall and realize this book is going to contradict everything you've ever believed.<br/>The book is entirely biased, which isn't suprising since it is a piece of fiction. But it annoyed me to a certain point.<br/>The middle and towards the end of the book was so boring and dragging, I fell asleep, more than twice. Descriptive, that's great, elaborating, that's fine, dragging, I hate.<br/>It's sort of like the latest Harry Potter book, dragging and boring, but you read it because everyone said it was good.<br/>One part disturbed me a whole lot. People say that I'm pretty immature to say this, but it was a whole lot disturbing. I don't really know why I thought of it as disturbing, since many other books have similar situations, but the fact that it was some book that was dealing with a serious situation it sort of ticked me off.<br/>It's well written, if not, I would've given it a 1 or less than that. I usually read books over and over again. I don't plan on touching this book again any time soon.
 This was not an easy decision for me.  Logic argued with me that The Da Vinci Code did not deserve a perfect rating.  Logic told me the characters are rather shallow and that the book itself did not have very much substance to it.  In the end, however, I threw logic right out the window and realized exactly for what The Da Vinci Code was written.  As far as entertainment goes, it does not get much better than this.<br/><br/>Unlike I normally do, I will be fairly brief in my description of the plot.  The reason for this being to give too much away would dilute the fun that comes while reading it.  All I will say is that the story opens with a mysterious death of a museum owner that has ties to a powerful cult.  A suspect is wanted for his murder, and that man's name is Langdon.  Langdon is a specialist in the field of religious symbology.  Langdon is innocent, but the French police are not so sure.  As the police are getting ready to take him into the station for questioning, he escapes with a female cryptologist named Sophie.  Sophie explains the horrific dilemma they are in and together they are now fugitives on the run.  Underlying the murder of the owner of the museum is mysterious connection between the paintings of Da Vinci, a mysterious cult, and the Catholic Church.  All of which seemed to be interconnected in this murder, and the murder of three other high ranking individuals.  Now, it is up to Sophie and Langdon to crack the code before the police find them.  Besides the police, even more powerful people are after them and will do anything necessary to obtain the knowledge they desire, even to the point of killing others, if needed.  The rest of the story is filled with twists and turns I will not reveal.<br/><br/>All of the rumors you may have heard concerning this novel are true.  The book reads at a lighting quick pace, leaving you no time to catch your breath at the end of every chapter.  Brown is a genius when it comes to leaving cliffhangers in order to push the reader to keep on reading.  It becomes near the point of obsession and I swore there were times that I could not put down this book.  The premise and plot are very original.  There are plenty of twists and turns.  The story is always fascinating, captivating, and addicting.  I'm normally not a huge fan of mystery novels but this one is definitely a big notch above the rest of them I have read.<br/><br/>Okay, so I know the profundity is not there.  The characters are all pretty weak as far as being layered and their depth is concerned.  Despite how original it is, the story still follows the traditional mystery formula.  I doubt the book is going to be an inspiration for years to come.  The book does contain the element of controversy, however.  I might imagine a few Catholics and Christians a bit ticked off due to the ideas presented here.  If they are, then they miss the point of the whole story.  That is, it is only a story and nothing else.<br/><br/>So, who cares about logic in this instance?  The Da Vinci Code does exactly what it was intended for; to keep us entertained.  It does it better than most books out there.  It fulfills the purpose it was created for and for that it deserves to be recognized as a great mystery novel.  Also, I want to mention the startling amount of research Brown has put into this book.  The research alone is a significant accomplishment, plus throw in one hell of an entertaining story and you have the precise formula for success.<br/><br/>So go on, forget about meaningful and profound books for a while and just go have some fun.<br/><br/>Grade: A
 Excellent Book.  Kept you guessing every step of the way.  Very suspenseful thriller!!
 I found this book to be mildly entertaining. My expectations were low as I had just finshed reading Focault's Pendulum, a highly involved similar story by Umberto Eco about secret societies and the like. Eco's book, while at times too complicated, was more suspenseful and better written. I needed an encyclopedia handy at all times. Brown's attempt at the subject was much tamer. I would recommend this book to folks who enjoy a thriller in an easy read. If you want a historical fiction that will make your brain hurt, read Focault's Pendulum.
 Jeremy Pugh's synopsis at the top of the review list bothers me with the mistake of calling the murder victim "father" to the cryptologist - they are grandfather and grandaughter and this was a salient fact in the plot.<br/>A grand read with some interesting layers, especially the praise of the feminine divine, discussions of the syncretism of early Christianity to co-opt other religions, and of course, most everyone loves a conspiracy.  A little disappointed with the red herring, but the book was enjoyable throughout.
 Either you love or hate this book.  I am a "religious" person and I love the facts brought out in this book.  It gave me a new look on things and is causing me to do my our study.  This book had a great story that keeps you turning the page.  This author is great!  He holds on to you until the last chapter.  MUST BUY!
 What really stands out about this book is how believable much of it can be. There's enough basis in fact to make me look up much of what is mentioned within its pages, and often leaving me pleasantly surprised as I search. An incredible twist ending brings the story full circle, and leaves me wanting more.This is a book that everyone should have in their collection.Another book that I highly recommend is "HE NEVER CALLED AGAIN."
 Hi! I thought this was a great book, it was a real eye-opener to those who had yet to learn about the origin of the church and whatnot. The book was very overwhelming for me, it challenged much of what I've been taught, but also opened quite a few doors. I'd recommend this book to anyone. Not only is it full of real information,  but it's fiction and tells of an awesome adventure story. A real page-tuner! Most people might take the time to write in about tiny details about certain paintings that do not allign correctly. I too have a corection to make! The character Robert Langdon claims one of his students came to him bearing The Lion King on DVD. Hardly possible! The Lion King isn't out on DVD yet, silly Dan Brown......
 This novel is written rather dryly but is intriguing enough to keep the reader hooked. It is actually quite fascinating. You may also want to do some actual historical research on many of the topics it references and alludes to. Importantly the reader should never forget that this is a work of fiction but expertly presented.
 I recently bought the Da Vinci Code about a week ago and have already finished it. The author Dan Brown ends almost every chapter with mystery making you not want to put the book down. The book leave you guessing about who "the Teacher" could possibly be and wondering if the main characters do find what they set out for. The end is a wonderfully shocking, I personally have never liked reading, but this book makes me want to read more. I think everyone should read this amazing book that makes you want to go on a quest of your own.
 The Da Vinci Code is a non-stop, intellectually thrilling novel. For the first time this summer, I got to read a book that had some substance - some meat. Dan Brown writes a well-researched and well-developed story. It started quickly and held me until the very end. While the story was excellent, the religious background captivated me further - I even went online to learn more about the Priory of Scion, Leonardo da Vinci, and Mary Magdelene. I look forward to more Robert Langdon mysteries. Those who like Dan Brown's characters will also enjoy Nelson DeMille's Plum Island and The Lion's Game.
 This is by far the best book I have ever read. The idea behind the book was so original and unique. I tend to read the same type of books and this book was different and I really liked that quality. The first few chapters drag a bit, but once you get past those it is a non-stop roller-coaster of emotions.I think Dan Brown did an excellent job of making complicated issues easy to understand and read. If you are looking for a unique type of book that will make you think, but at the same time entertain your imagination I would reccomend this book to you!
 I just could not "get into" this book.  I enjoyed the history and "facts or fiction".  I can't figure out why it has received all the hype - I guess because it attacks the Catholic church and religious history.  I agree with others - borrow if you want to read - don't waste your money.
 This was my first time reading a book by Dan Brown.  I finished the book very quickly because I couldn't put it down once I started it.  I had never heard of all the intricate histories of the Holy Grail and the Church conspiracy theories that went along with it until reading this book.  Not only does the plot really keep you hooked, but you learn a ton about Christianity and Leonardo Da Vinci in the process.  Definitely the best book I have read in over a year.  I would recommend this book to everyone I know.
 I picked this up to pass time during a recent flight and found it an enjoyable read. The plot is fun and easy to understand and the writing style is easy to read. I can see this being made into a fun movie.<br/>For those of you offended by it's claims, it is a fiction book. Sure some of it's historical claims are just wrong. But there is enough truth that it's readers may just be driven to investigate the "facts" and learn some actual history along the way.
 Reads quite a bit like a "chose your own adventure novel"... Every chapter ends with some kind of predictable nonsense along the lines of:<br/>  Robert stood there, marveling at the amazing thing on the floor, speechless.<br/>  "That simply CANNOT be what I think it is!" said Sophie, her mouth struggling for the words, popping open and closed like a fish's<br/>  "Yes it is!" exclaimed Robert, the excitement overtaking him. "YES YES YES! IT IS! What else can it be!"<br/>  Sophie looked on silently, her eyes firmly locked on the incredible thing resting on the floor in front of them. "My GOD!" she said, shivering with excitement. "IT SIMPLY MUST BE!!!!!!!!!"<br/>End of Chapter<br/>WHAT IS IT! WHAT IN THE WORLD! WOW! PLEASE TELL ME WHAT IT IS!<br/>sorry, you'll have to wait thirty five pages to discover that its a frog... and you won't mind that the frog has nothing to do with the story, because shortly afterwards Robert Langdon will look up in the sky and say, "OH MY GOD! Look SOPHIE! WOWOWOWOWOWOWOWOWO! Is that what I think it is!???!!?!?!"<br/>  "It must be! but it can't be!" said sophie, covering her face and crying.<br/>  =&gt;insert projective vomit here.<br/>Yeah.... that's right! He ends his CHAPTERS ON CLIFFHANGERS! And, by the way, his characters don't develop, in any WAY at all! Forget all the unfortunate nonsense about biblical misrepresentations and historical innacuracies... it doesn't matter, this is ridiculous! How could the Christians view this book as a threat? Who would take the hearsay reassurance of the introductory "all riturals described in this book are real" at face value?<br/>One of the most poorly written books I've ever made my way through, the novel constantly asserts facts as though they were truth, using fictional characters as resource material. The fact that people think they're being educated about ANYTHING by reading this pulp trash is hilarious.<br/>It's characters are architypal self-parodies.<br/>It's story is contrived and forced upon an interesting concept.<br/>It only gets worse and more disjointed the more you go along.<br/>It feels like you're reading the screenplay for a bad PC rpg.<br/>It pretends to educate you about the truth of the Catholic church (by using extraordinarily selective sources.... just to clarify, I'm not christian... I'm agnostic... and still I was offended by the flippant pretence of this novel)<br/>PLEASE! Someone tell me why this book is selling so well? Do people really need such cheap entertainment? Are people so unwilling to think while they read anymore? Isn't Vanity Fair magazine more informative than this tripe? I can't take it! I really can't! this is SO Horribly BAD! COME ON!<br/>I bought this book because it sold well... I couldn't believe it... Please people, don't buy into it! This is the literary equivolent of the Titanic movie. It's easy cheap, pretentious literature for people who do not read enough to know how much it sucks. Run from it, pick up ANYTHING instead.... you'll be glad later... trust me. I lost a few hours of my life to this book, I just want to help you to avoid that same horrifyingly pointless experience.<br/>This is probably the most basic fiction I've ever encountered, pathetically obvious in its indulgences and struggling desperately to captivate its audience (by whatever means possible).
 I would suggest the illustrated version because it make it easy to follow the intrepretations of the paintings and architecture. It also enhances the imagery in the novel.<br/><br/>The symbolism, characters and the plot make the novel so distinguished. More importantly, the subject matter will keep you involved and thinking.<br/><br/>This is the kind of book that can spark your interest to read and research things you never thought about before.
 Like Michael Crichton, Dan Brown knows a hook when he sees it. Then, using his minimal talent, serves it up in a very run-of-the-mill mystery thriller. But again, it's not the writing that counts here (poor), or the plot (poor), or the characters (poorer still), or the dialogue (could it get much more pedestrian?), it's the hook. The hook, of course, is the search for the Holy Grail. It's the Priory de Sion, an idea already easily exposed to be false in books of readily available scholarly repute. (For instance: "The Da Vinci Fraud" by Robert M. Price.) It's the possibility that Leonardo painted clues to his heretical beliefs in his paintings. Now, this might have a basis in truth. Unlike Brown, Leonardo was a talented artist, a sublime artist...he was also gifted in so many ways he seems almost superhuman. And it is true he had no love for the Catholic Church and the teachings of that church. But the church paid him for his work, and so he did it. But stuck with doing it, he used his commissions to make comments on what he actually believed. The Last Supper is the perfect example of this. Brown takes it to ludicrous lengths, but Leonardo did mean to say that "John" to the right of Jesus is Mary Magdalene. His portrait of her in close-up is tender, delicate, stunning, and patently feminine to any unbiased eye. If you want to really get to grips...not with basically unimportant ideas about French bloodlines (who cares if 2 thousand later a million French people are distantly related to Jesus and Mary Magdalene; does this mean they KNOW something?)...but with a thrilling book about the Magdalene, you really ought to read "The Secret Magdalene" by Ki Longfellow. First rate book, first rate hook.
 Some Christians are concerned that Dan Brown's novel The DaVinci Code is an attack on the Church, on Jesus, the Bible.  This might be because there is so much fact woven into the fiction of the story.  How do we discern one from the other, and what is the effect of this on the non-believer or the little-bit-of-a-believer, and--heaven help us--the devout believer?<br/><br/>I come under the Devout heading, and I say, bring on The DaVinci Code.  Jesus the Christ can handle this novel, even this well-researched, world-famous blockbuster about to be released as a movie starring Tom Hanks.<br/><br/>In Cracking  DaVinci's Code, authors James L. Garlow and Peter Jones argue that Brown's assertions in the text that his information is based on facts could instigate a crisis in the faith.  They are taking issue with the literary device of verisimilitude, a device as old as the novel itself.  Brown is allowed to do that, and you and I, as Coleridge would put it, are allowed to suspend my disbelief to see what his work of art offers the millennia-old conversation about faith--and to the genre of the Chase Story.<br/><br/>After reading Brown's book, I found myself recalling a moment during a Sunday-morning adult Advent Bible study class a few years ago.<br/><br/>We were looking at the Christmas pageant passage from the Gospel of Luke --angels, shepherds, Wise Men, the holy family--and a middle-aged woman asked, "Did it really happen like that?"<br/><br/>s<br/><br/>The pastor replied, "I don't know if it looked exactly the way Luke describes it, but I believe it represents the truth."<br/><br/>In this way, he said what Code protagonist Robert Langdon tells Sophie at the end of this elaborate chase story:  "Sophie, every faith in the world is based on fabrication.  That is the definition of faith--acceptance of that which we imagine to be true, that which we cannot prove.  Every religion describes God through metaphor, allegory, and exaggeration....Metaphors are a way to help our minds process the unprocessible.  The problems arise when we begin to believe literally in our own metaphors."  And later:  "Religious allegory has become a part of the fabric of reality.  And living in that reality helps millions of people cope and be better people."<br/><br/>American novelist John Cheever put it this way in an interview with the Paris Review in 1976:  "The telling of lies is a sort of sleight of hand that displays our deepest feelings about life."<br/><br/>Theologian Huston Smith puts it this way when discussing the authorship of one of Paul's letters in his book The Soul of Christianity, Restoring the Great Tradition.  Smith recounts a tale of a New Testament scholar who can't wait to get to heaven to ask St. Paul if he did write the Letter to the Ephesians.  Paul's response:  "Yes, I think I did."  Huston's point:  "Who cares?"  The value of the Paul's letter to the Ephesians for the contemporary reader is less its authorship than its ability to further our spiritual inquiry.<br/><br/>The point?  Through story we get as close as we possibly can to the Truth.  Maybe that's why we take good care of our holy books.  Perhaps that's why churches put on Christmas pageants.  We want our kids to climb inside the skins of those characters--even the sheep--to be there for themselves as well as for us.<br/><br/>I recall watching the episode of Inside the Actor's Studio during which Willem Dafoe was the guest.  Host James Lipton brought up Martin Scorcese's The Last Temptation of Christ, in which Dafoe starred as Jesus.  Lipton asked the actor what it was like to hang from the cross as Jesus.  Everyone in the audience was on the edge of his or her seat.  Indeed, tell us what it was like to be Jesus?<br/><br/>Dafoe answered:  "I thought, wow, the sky is so blue."<br/><br/>These are experiences that go beyond words.  We know this, but we also trust that words can get us pretty close to the truth of those experiences.<br/><br/>In the Bible, God himself is the only Creator. I take this to mean that all creative acts come from God. Perhaps that's why we revere the arts the way we do, why we're ever so careful with very old books and the like, and why we take novels like The DaVinci Code so seriously.<br/><br/>What is this book about?  You have good versus evil and a chase--in this case a chase for documents that might contain a truth damaging to the power structure of the church--the Roman Catholic Church most obviously but, then again, we're all one big happy family and what affects the Roman Catholic Church will affect all Christians.<br/><br/>What is the damaging truth?  That Jesus and Mary Magdalene were married, and this marriage produced a daughter, who married and produced children and on and on right up to the present. Seems there's an extant version of Jesus' family tree to back this up.  This would make a mess of the faith for anyone who believes that Jesus did not participate in normal human activity because he was divine, and divine beings can't in any way be normal.  Anyone in the novel, that is.<br/><br/>Back to the chase for documents.  These documents that would corroborate Jesus' fecundity as well as his respect for women and his acceptance of the old-fashioned idea that this little world of ours works best when it's male and female aspects work together equally and in harmony.  That's the other detail.  Mary Magdalene is a controlling stake holder in The Way, the new church.<br/><br/>So Brown's book suggests that the Roman Catholic Church over the millennia has made decisions to keep women in subservient roles, right down to its editing of the Bible itself.  The Church has made man the creator and controller of the world, putting itself at odds with the pagan cultures that accept the obvious, that women are the source of life and are the source of creativity.<br/><br/>Back to the chase.  It's worth noting that men are preoccupied with this desperate search for documents--to either expose or destroy them to suit a political purpose.  Sophie's along for the ride because her grandfather has been involved in the drama.  She's a cryptologist who can see through the pretenses men set up to protect their interests.<br/><br/>Back to those documents.  I'll give it away.  They're never found.  In the end, we have Langdon very near where we can conclude the documents, if they exist, are buried.  But--and here's the exciting end--so what?<br/><br/>So what, so what, so what?  The chase that drives this 500-page novel is ostensibly a quest for truth.  Yet that truth can't be found in documents but in our hearts and minds.  Ultimately, the quest is spiritual, personal, and irresolvable in the concrete world we occupy.  So we tell stories.  We discover it isn't all about power but about faith.  For that matter, Robert and Sophie could have stayed home--except that like Jesus himself, they needed that time in the desert to know the truth of their hearts.<br/><br/>Back to the adult students in the Advent Bible study.  Last December I visited the Knights of Columbus Museum in New Haven to have a look at the cr?ches from around the world.  I saw the child Jesus born in an alley in Rome among fruit vendors, butchers, and prostitutes.  I saw Him warmed by the breath of donkeys in a Peruvian mountain village.  I saw Him inside a Faberge egg.  I saw Him in an African hut surrounded by people in loin cloths.  He was everywhere reflecting the spiritual reality of his Truth in context.<br/><br/>I like the Roman street scene the best because it reminds me that Jesus came to lift us from our poverty of spirit, to teach us to let all rule books be subsumed by love itself, and to live and move with Him in our hearts.  We configure the story according to the world around us--reality--the better to grasp the Truth.<br/><br/>I think Brown's book served the Gospel of Jesus very well.  The book challenges some deeply entrenched, self-anointed, self-appointed keepers of the faith to think that maybe there's a chance we don't know everything and we don't even need to.  For some folks that activity represents such a radical rethinking that it might as well be the search for the Holy Grail.<br/><br/>(Sandy Carlson)
 I am an MA Theology &amp; Philosophy Graduate  well-acquainted with art and ecclesiastical history, literature and theology. The plot is foolish, it is weak and contrived, and the characters are cartoons. The person who said this topic was well researched has studied history about as poorly as the Author. 'research' done in preparation for writing this book could've been better accomplished though Classics Comics. Theological inconsistencies abound, such as a root question: why might such a preposterous ruse ever have been initiated in the first place? I noted that Brown refers to Leonardo as 'DaVinci,' a nomenclature never used by art historians, who refer to him as 'Leonardo.' The representation of Opus Dei was patently fabricated ab ovo, bearing no relation to the real entity; this is the case whether one loves or loathes the prelature in question. As is also the case with his other work, Brown is at it again making a fast dollar from a gullible and uncultivated public. The reason this book is popular is because a media and industry hostile to Catholicism like to distort, enlarge, and lie about the faith, and this book is one after their own hearts.
 This was a completely enjoyable book to read.  The author took a very interesting topic, and took it through all kinds of twists and turns to the readers delight.<br/>Definitely worth reading for both the story and the interesting facts.
 Just the type of book I like.  Action, interspersed with little known bits of  information that makes the book flow.  In fact, it is probably the best book I have read this year.  A real, hard-to-put-down winner.<br/>I would guess the author's exposure of the secret Catholic Church cult, Opus Dei, among whose prominent members include FBI traitor Robert Hanssen and ex-director Luis Freeh will bring on the wrath of some Cathholic readers.  His approach to the super-secret church Canon Laws is both intriguing and fascinating.  A warning, however.  Once you start, it is impossible to put down.
 Fantastic read. Couldn't put it down.
 This was an entertaining book for certain. It was a page turner that kept me up late a couple times and I enjoyed reading it. However, the book is not as clever as it thinks it is. I found that the puzzles in the book were easy to solve, for everyone except the characters. In a couple instances I knew the solution to the current problem facing our heroes several pages before they figured it out. And I am not the kind of person who solves the mystery before the movie ends if you know what I mean. This would probably be a nice read for a young teenager.
 Brown does a fantastic job integrating the mythical worlds of religion and art history in this brilliant thriller.  Although the characterizations are more of a sketch than fully realized, they work remarkably well as a scaffolding for the *real* substance this book has to offer.<br/>Certainly his research has resonated, and caused all the zealots and religious whackos to come seething out of the woodwork like the worms they are.  Feeling threatened, are we?<br/>Ultimately, it's the simple logic behind this piece that makes it so powerful, something almost completely missing from the foundations of modern religion.
 while so much controversy surrounds this book, the illustrated version is the one to read. I found it to be enlightening, positive and filled with interesting historical perspectives. I enjoyed being able to read and easily see what is being referenced in pictures right there without having to go look it up. you will too!!<br/><br/>Get this book!! enjoy enriching your mind.
 This book was an easy read, thankfully, or I would have given up. It so is full of such nonsense presented as "researched, documented, historical fact" that it was really hard to stomach. The anti-Catholic bias of this nonsense reaches ridiculous proportions. I mean, come on: for the last five centuries we have been taught that the Catholic Church was evil precisely because it had PERPETUATED goddess worship in the form of the cult of Mary and the saints. Now we are supposed to believe that the Catholic Church is evil for exactly the opposite reason, that it SUPPRESSED goddess worship? I guess any stick will do, when the game at hand is Catholic-bashing. But the most disturbing thing about all this is the book's popularity! Thanks to Dan Brown, psychiatrists in North America can look forward to to treating yet another generation of "the Catholics are out to get me" paranoid delusionals.
 Could Dan Brown use more adjectives?  I thought I would throw the book across the room if he used "famous" one more time.  His writing style read more like a freshman college student's first attempt at creative writing than an author published several times over.<br/>The only intriguing part of the novel was the historical description of the Holy Grail mystery.  The "suspense" part of the book was so transparent, I was many steps beyond the purportedly brilliant scholars every inch of the way.  I found this book very difficult to continue to read, but was forced to only because it was a selection for our book club.  I wouldn't read another of his books.
 The thing that really got me after I completed the book (in under 2 days!) was that most of the novel expands 7 hours.  With a lot of flashbacks, character points of view and history to keep you going, this book is one of the most fast paced books I have ever read.<br/>The story behind the mystery is very enticing.  I noticed some of the other reviewers mentioned sitting by a computer while they read the story - I too did this and interrupted my reading quite frequently to look up details.<br/>At the very least, keep a thorough art book - Renaissance in particular - handy while you read this novel.<br/>Definite top 5 books I have ever read.
 When a noted scholar is murdered in the Louve Museum, he uses his final moments of life to leave a series of clues to a secret he has guarded for many decades: the location of the Holy Grail.  Symbolist scholar Robert Langdon is called to the scene to interpret these clues, where he is soon joined by the victim's granddaughter Sophie Neveu--but all is not as it seems, and the two are suddenly plunged into a race against police, an ultra-conservative faction of the Roman Catholic Church, and an unknown entity called "The Teacher" in an effort to both locate and protect the Holy Grail.<br/><br/>Brown is not a great stylist, but his prose is workman-like and he writes at a breathless pace.  That said, his great gift here is his ability to plant hooks on almost every page of the book: questions concerning character, plot, and issues that are intriguing enough to keep you turning the pages one after another.  About a third of the way into the book I began to find the hooks a bit too calculated; moreover, as the action progresses the plot turns begin to rely more and more upon coincidence.  (After a certain point the novel begins to feel rather like "James Bond and the Holy Grail.")  Even so, the pace of the novel and the interest of Brown's ideas is more than ample to pull you all the way to the final page.<br/><br/>As for the saga of the Holy Grail, what it is, and where it might be-- There can be no doubt that Dan Brown has done considerable research in art, history, and theology for this novel; at the same time, however, he has the distinct tendency to present speculation as fact when it supports his ideas and to downplay or completely dismiss facts that undermine them.  A great many people decry this, and they have some point, but this is after all a liberty we allow writers in works of fiction.<br/><br/>I enjoyed reading THE DA VINCI CODE.  It is clever, entertaining, and the whole thing is well imagined, yes.  All the same, I cannot actually say that it offers a great deal more than this, and I cannot imagine that I will return to it again.  No matter how  provocative it may be, when the last page is turned THE DA VINCI CODE is a lightweight pop fiction thriller, the ideas that it posits as fact are handled in a very superficial way, and it would be a tremendous mistake to take its assertations too seriously.<br/><br/>GFT, Amazon Reviewer
 Dan Brown had me from the first page.  From the murder in the Louvre through all the twists and turns of this story, I could not put the book down.  After reading The Da Vinci Code, I found myself compelled to read another of his novels, Angels and Demons, as well as a couple of the books referenced in the novel.  The amount of research he put into this is remarkable, no matter what opinions the reader may have on his subject.  The legend of the Grail has haunted us for centuries.  If you're on the quest, buy this book.
 This is the second Dan Brown novel I've heard, the other being "Digital Fortress". The story line is a history teaser. It makes you want to go look at DaVinci's paintings, read up on Sir Isaac Newton, and find out about the Priory of Sion and the Knights Templar. I was disappointed in one area...these so-called experts couldn't figure out the codes to open the cryptex. When they said it needed 5 letters to open it, I knew right away that it would be some name for Sophie. After all, her Grandfather made the thing. The same thing happened in Digital Fortress...the smart people took too long to figure out an obvious password and an obvious secret identity of a character.<br/><br/>Overall, I would recommend this book, but go in with an open mind. It is  work of fiction based loosely on historical fact.
 This book was so much better than the movie.  I feel that its been the cool thing to do over the last few years to destroy The DaVinci Code.  This is a fictional novel that is intriging, fast reading, relatively historical, and got a lot of people I know back into reading again.<br/><br/>Don't trust the hype-- or the haters.  Dan Brown's style is fun and so is this book.  If you like it, you may want to read Angels and Demons as well.  (It's better than the DaVinci code)
 Much of this book is based on the work of Picknett &amp; Price (Templar Revelations, 1977).  Inter alia, it was they who first proposed that Mary Magdalene might be found in The Last Supper, and whose first Chapter is called, "The Secret Code of Leonardo da Vinci'.  Surely it would have been polite for Dan Brown to acknowledge their work rather than passing off the idea as his own?<br/>I would have though that Dan Brown might owe them at least an apology?  If not, the words "shameless rip-off" spring to mind!
 This is a riveting story from the first page, or in my case, the first word. I'm listening to the CD version in my car, and have already missed a few turns down famliar roads. But the reader has the worst faux-French accent I've heard since Peter Sellers, and he assigns it to every French character in the book; male or female. If the story wasn't so compelling I'd have tossed the five disc set out the window (even though it's a rental). The fact that I will hang on  every word is a tribute to Brown, who keeps getting better.
 Dan Brown's primary goal in this novel is to question Christianity as we know it, especially Catholic Christianity.<br/>I come to this conclusion because from the first two words he has, by forcing uneccasarry information upon his reader, demonstrated that he is incompetent to write a suspense novel. He then, by revealing that the curator in the Prolougue is lying, proceeds to destroy the suspense of the first few chapters.<br/>The book is riddled with information that is utterly irrelevant to the plot, and which does little more than to describe Leonardo Da'Vinci's heroic crusasde against the church.<br/>And then we come to the flashbacks, dear Lord, put mercy in my heart.<br/>Flashbacks should be usd when one is incapable of revealing his information otherwise, Flashbacks are a crutch and Mr. Brown, it seems is in a wheelchair. A fair portion of the story is explained only through flashbacks and it comes to seem that whenever Mr. Brown found a spot he decided to promptly add yet another flashback. Hurrah.<br/>The theological implications of this book? Perhaps valid, but that's for you to decide. As for me and my house, we shall serve the Lord.
 The Da Vinci Code is a masterpiece of Dan Brown.  The plot is really good and I can't stop reading it.  The book is well-written and well-researched.  You would know that this book does not aim to be the best seller but it has every quality  of what good writing is all about. I love the way he conceptualized the book as fiction but mixed with elements of facts. It's been a long time that something like this has come out.  Buy this book, and you won't regret it!
 I found this only slightly engaging. The concept was interesting but the story-telling and chapter transition was ordinary at best.
 I read this book because my ex bought it and raved about the greatness of Dan Brown. I read the book, out of boredom, I am a reader it is what I do, I read anything and everything. The only thing this book is good for is a door stop. The writing was bland, dry, and the story line predicatable. He took certain "facts" threw it in a bag mixed it all around and poofy, you have before you "The Davinci Code." It was so awful I had to run to look at an Agatha Christie, at David Eddings, anything to erase what I had just read. My advice, do not read it, just pick up another book, any book, and not one written by him. I am still wondering how he, a terrible writer, got published. The publishing industry, thus far, has shown they have lowered thier standards as of late!!
 I read this book over the summer and seriously laughed all the way through.  I felt like I was reading a bad Indiana Jones story or something.  Everything was so cliche and so laughably unrealistic.  I just didn't understand all the fuss over this book.
 This was a page turner, until almost the end, when it all fell into the totally same old same old.  The narrow escapes, the graphic sex required, the beautiful super intelligent, super achiever heroine,paired with the handsom man to assist her, the sad, ugly badguy, the narrow escapes, etc,etc,etc.The last third of the book totally fell apart!  I am a devout catholic, this book in no way under- mined my faith. I love bible and religious history.  Some interesting premises here.  Not really worth the time to read this book, though.
 From the beginning to the end, THE DA VINCI CODE grabs your attention and never lets go.  It is a gripping tale of a man and a women who have never met before but are brought together by the mysterious death of a very important man.  The two are takin on a ride of their lives as they try to solve mysteries throughout the whole book.  The ending of this book was outstanding with an amazing twist that I would have never guessed would happen.  THE DA VINCI CODE was so good that it took me only two days to read all 454 pages of it.
 Just like organized religion.<br/><br/>Find your own way in life instead of relying on institutions to do your thinking for you and reading fictional novels with religious elements and debating them to death: Catholics, Protestants, Jews, and all.
 Interesting how people fall for this stuff and walk around calling it "historical". Research the alleged conspiracies and you will see. I found it to be not "historical".<br/>It a fictional book wrapped up in the guise of non-fiction and laden with inacurracies and prevarications.
 As I was reading "Angels and Demons," Brown's earlier work featuring Robert Langdon, I was thinking how nice it would be to have pictures of all the incredible art and architecture he writes about.  On my next visit to Cosco, lo and behold, there was an illustrated edition of "Da Vinci Code."  So I shelled out the extra bucks to get it.  Well worth it, too.<br/><br/>This is not exactly great literature; it is suitable for reading on the beach or on the Boeing.  The characters are one-dimensional and exist only to further the scavenger-hunt plot.  The French girl "Sophie Neveu," like the purportedly Italian "Vittoria Vetra" in "Angels and Demons," speaks in American colloquialisms.  But to be fair, this book is a page turner and a quick read, comparable to a Michael Crichton or Clive Cussler, better than a Tom Clancy.<br/><br/>I am told there are people who take the Da Vinci Code's plot, including its theological grotesqueries, seriously.  If so, that is pathetic, and more than a little bit frightening.  The whole Priory-of-Sion-keeping-alive-the-secret-knowledge-of-the-descendants-of-Jesus-and-Mary-Magdalene part, in other words, the core of the plot, is based upon an acknowledged fraud perpetrated by a Frenchman named Pierre Plantard.<br/><br/>"Fact" Dan Brown breathlessly tells us in the front of the book, "the Priory of Sion--a European secret society founded in 1099--is a real organization.  In 1975, Paris's Biblioteque Nationale discovered parchments known as Les Dossiers Secrets, identifying numerous members of the Priory of Sion, including Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo, and Leonardo da Vinci."<br/><br/>Well, not quite.  Brown gets this story from the 1980s book "Holy Blood, Holy Grail," a work from which Brown freely and indiscriminantly borrowed.  But the documents lodged in the Biblioteque were forgeries.  The "priory of Sion" doesn't go back to 1099, Pierre Plantard and some friends started it in 1956.  It was all a hoax, and it has been exposed by a series of French books and a 1996 BBC documentary.  (See, e.g., Laura Miller, "The Da Vinci Con"; Amy D. Bernstein, "The French Confection.")<br/><br/>What is worse is the ludicrous burlesque of church history that Brown foists on his innocent readers.  Brown states that Christ's followers considered Christ a mere mortal man, not the son of God, until the Council of Nicea, at which time the church voted to make him God.  The nature of Christ's divinity (the Arian controversy) was the main topic at the council of Nicea, but everyone already agreed that he was divine.  Arius acknowledge that Christ was divine, but argued that he was created by, and not co-eternal with, the father.  The orthodox trinitarian view, adopted by the council, was that Christ was co-eternal with the Father, of one substance with the Father, and "begotten" not created.  The controversy was subtle enough that Constantine didn't understand what all the fuss was about.  But the vast majority of the Bishops in attendence didn't consider it trivial, and the orthodox trinitarian view prevailed.<br/><br/>Of course, everyone agreed that Christ was divine, because claims of his divinity are all throughout the gospels and the epistles of the New Testament.  To get around this inconvenient fact, Brown claims that Constantine foisted a whole new Bible on the Church: "The Bible, as we know it today, was collated by the pagan roman emperor Constantine the Great."  "Contantine commissioned and financed a new Bible . . ."  What utter garbage and nonsense!!!  The Council of Nicea had nothing to do with finalizing the New Testament Canon.  It wasn't even on the agenda.  Most of the New Testament books had already been accepted by general use and agreement within the church 150 years before Contantine's time, and the Canon wouldn't even be proposed in its final form until more than 40 years after the Council of Nicea, and 30 years after Constantine's death.<br/><br/>So enjoy your beach novel, but if you think any of this bears any relation to actual facts or history, you have problems far more serious than deciding how to while away a few hours on a flight.
 Good novel, holds my interest, love the writer's plots in all his books.
 This was my first Dan Brown book, and I'm already hooked.  The connections that are made in this amazing book were breath-taking.  The suspense of the book would not allow you to put it down.  You will learn things that you have never heard of before, BOGGLING YOUR MIND!  Once you think you have everything figured out, Brown throws another twist in, making your assumptions false.  This intense book is by far the best I have ever read.  A MUST READ for anyone who likes to challenge their opinions.
 I thought the book read well, and was somewhat interesting but was very contrived and "Harry Potter" ish for me, although I have to admit that I personally find non-fiction far more interesting and fascinating than a made up story with predictable conclusions.  Not a bad read, but I didn't see what all the fuss was about.
 I love learning about the subject discussed in Da Vinci Code.  This is definetely a typical page-turner/suspense filled book, but the setting and plot that is packed in here makes it a step above the rest.  I bought the book, read it, and passed it on to many other people in my family.  They, too, enjoyed it as much as I did.
 Simply put, if you were not to read The Da Vinci Code, you have no idea what you are missing. The way Dan Brown blends fact with fiction so brilliantly keeps the reader turning the pages and wanting to know what happens next. The reader is constantly thrown off center when he or she realizes that the way things appear never really is what it seems to be. The action, the betrayal, the sheer drama keeps the reader begging for more with every chapter. The way Dan Brown suddenly makes obviously clear the riddles that seem impossible at first glance force the reader to look at every riddle with a keen eye in order to look beyond what initially seems to be is absolutely ingenious. If you have not yet read this book, you must read it as soon as possible. Dan Brown has done more than just hit a home run with this novel. Fact and fiction come together masterfully in this marvel of a novel. Go out and buy The Da Vinci Code today!
 This amazing tale blew me away.  I haven't read this much ever.  The book The Da Vinci Code, is a book of intelligence.  I got hooked on the book and it was very difficult knowing that I had to put it down once in a while.  That's a very rare picture that anyone would see of me.  The descriptions and suspense will make you wanting to keep reading.  I have always loved the mystery type books and this one is well worth it.  The significance of what Dan Brown brought to the reader is fascinating and though I got confused sometimes, I regained my knowledge and worked my knowledge into the book to get me on track.  His descriptions sometimes got so complex to me that it put me in the scene as if I was actually there.<br/><br/> The Da Vinci Code starts off with Robert Langdon, visited by the Judicial Police, late after midnight, in search for help in the murder of Jacques Sauniere.  Langdon gets connected with Sauniere's granddaughter, Sophie Neveu.  Sophia is part of the cryptology department and is willing to help Langdon not be wrongfully accused of the murder.  Langdon and Sophia pair up to solve the mystery of his death following the clues that Sauniere left behind, beginning with the riddle at the scene of the crime. Its Langdon and Neveu's job to keep their findings of the Grail safe.  I guarantee that this book will keep you on the edge of your seat to find out what happens next.  This is the thriller that you have to read.  The suspense is well worth it all the way to the end.  His writing is just so pure and meaningful that you are put into the mystery.  I recommend this book to everyone because it was so exciting to read.
 Anyone looking for a fun book to read, grab this one!!! He takes you on a fun journey through some pretty historical places.  Just remember one thing: IT IS JUST A STORY!!! He is not trying to convince you of anything, he is just weaving a story between fact, fiction and theory that's all.  REMEMBER: this book is non-fiction.  Let go of the conspiracy stuff and enjoy!!!
 I have to give Brown credit as a mystery writer--he does keep the pages turning; however, the Da Vinci Code is one of the most overrated books of the year, and certainly not one of Brown's better efforts.<br/>One of the most disappointing features of this book was his repeated representation of fiction as fact. Was he deliberately misleading or was this simply the result of sloppy research?  The only reason I suspect the former was that, in his conclusion, he seemed to accept the veracity of the "sacred feminine" nonsense, along with all of the other attendant (and unoriginal) puerilities.
 (...)I know many are offended by the knocks against Christianity, but I don't know if anyone's pointed out that the book is asking us to believe contradictory things. Maybe there was a Goddess religion that Judeo-Christianity forcibly stamped out, maybe Mary Magdalene married Jesus and bore his child, and maybe their descendants today are protected by a secret organization that could destroy the Church by revealing the truth. But how could these all be true at the same time? If Jesus was just an ordinary mortal, then there's nothing special either about his "bloodline" or about a woman whose fame comes from her association with him. So why would a pro-Goddess group venerate Mary Magdalene any more than of any other first-century woman? And if Mary M's relationship to Jesus is part of this group's proof that Christianity is false, how will revealing that Christianity is false increase people's reverence for Mary M? She'd go down with the ship, wouldn't she? This secret "Priory of Sion" has had 2,000 years to think about it, has been led by some of history's greatest minds, and they haven't figured this out?<br/><br/>Also, how is the Priory's picture of Jesus an improvement over the one that the traditional Church has allegedly foisted on us? Which is more inspiring -- the humble preacher who cared for the poor, said "the last shall be first" and promised the meek they'd inherit the earth, or someone whose "royal blood" helped carry forward an ancient dynasty? How is Jesus the Aristocrat better than Jesus the Peasant? If the Priory goes up against the Church on that one, the Church is going to win easily. For all its faults, organized Christianity did help spread the idea that a person's value has nothing to with the family, class, nation or race he or she was born into. Do the protagonists of this novel support an effort to undo that, to go back to the age of royalty? If they don't, the book fails to make that clear.<br/><br/>There are other problems too -- like the notion that a serious scholar would embrace historical-critical analysis of the canonical gospels (the effort to find the legends and theological purposes behind them), then turn around and uncritically accept the non-canonical and Gnostic writings as if they were reports of historical fact. Or that he believes that the Dead Sea Scrolls discuss Jesus, which they don't. Sloppiness like this affects the story insofar as it makes our professor/hero look like an idiot, which is plainly not the author's intention. Still, despite its weaknesses and in view of the generally low standards for thrillers, I give the book three stars because it does at least play with ideas to some degree, and because the last 50 pages turned out to be better than I'd expected.
 After all of the reviews I was expecting a good thriller to involve me.  However, the writing style is just not that good.  The author never misses a chance to let the reader (the ignorant masses, I suppose) know how much he, the author, knows ... about just about everything, turning the read into a plodding effort.  Further, too many of the interior monologues are just downright sappy, which eventually renders the protagonist to a cartoon character status.<br/>Long and short, if you are well-read and with a wide reading interest, you are probably going to be bored fairly quickly.
 I thought these were supposed to be reviews of the book not insults of other reviewers "Keep opinions about other reviewers, Christians and just downright common-sense people to yourselves!"<br/>For the definition of HYPOCRISY please see the review by poor little Johnny boy, who seems to have no interest other than bashing The Da Vinci Code and other reviewers. Grow up!<br/>I thought this was a pretty good read though a bit dull at times but taken with a grain of salt it was indeed entertaining. I would recommend it only to people who understand that this is not a factual discourse on history.
 did jesus have a wife? did they have a kid(s)? what does this do to christian belief? it turns it on its head! dan brown is not only an author of page turning thrillers. in dvc he opens a pandora's box of alternative interpretrations of christian, and therefore western, history.<br/><br/>as a student of the magdalene theories,i read lots of related material such as holy blood, holy grail, woman with the alabaster jar, etc, etc, but my favorite exploration is the novel The Passion of Mary Magdalen. the Passion never takes itself too seriously, doesn't make claims to historical accuracy. It does one thing, and one thing well...its puts the lost women of the Gospels back into the story. After (or before) you read the DVC, you must read Elizabeth Cunningham's The Passion of Mary Magdalen<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Passion-of-Mary-Magdalen-A-Novel-Cunningham-Elizabeth-Maeve-Chronicles/dp/0976684306/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Passion of Mary Magdalen: A Novel (Cunningham, Elizabeth, Maeve Chronicles)</a>
 I thought initially that I would not like this book, ergo the reason for not reading it when it first came out.  My daughter  kept insisting that I read it.  She purchased it for me for my Kindle.  So, I read it.  I enjoyed it.  And I am now going to read Inferno. Who knew?
 Strong start to this book, but it definately tails off towards the end. Brown's secret society speculation is fascinating and the book is a page turner almost all the way through. But aside from some of the interesting tidbits the author throws in, the story itself is weak at best and annoyingly bad at worst. That said, I was fascinated by Browns discussion of religion. I guess I would have given this book one more star if not for the excess of praise heaped upon it by other reviewers and it's seemingly endless spot atop the best seller list. Thus, I deny it 1 star in protest...
 Really liked it
 Having just finished Dan Brown's masterful religious puzzler DA VINCI CODE and John Mannock's heartwrenching WWII U-boat tale IRON COFFIN, I feel I've gotten a year's worth of top-quality fiction in less than three weeks!  DA VINCI is a tremendous detail mystery--a twisting, turning, maze of a book that provokes serious thought about the foundations of Christianity and the dirty little secrets the established Church keeps.  I won't give it away, but buy Dan Brown's latest--it'll keep you up all night finishing it!
 Dan Brown's writing is grabbing, intruding, and entertaining to the end of this book. I definitely plan on buying copies of this book as gifts for friends and family. The Da Vinci Code is an intelligent and coherent thriller.
 Just finished "The DaVinci Code." It was fun for what it was - a romp through history. However, if you're interested in rollicking reads based on Grail lore, try Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum." As I read "The DaVinci Code" I kept in thinking that it was a dumbed-down version of Eco's book. The parallels are interesting; Paris, Knights Templer, Sofia . . .<br/>That said, Brown's book is a fun read. If you're new to Grail lore it's a pleasant introduction. If you're a humourless hyper-Christian, stay away.
 The Da Vinci Code is a decent book, and I've to commend anyone who questions religion (although Brown's really just criticizing religious authorities in this case). The story is slow and repeats info, but at least there is a story. I don't believe Brown's version of history, though, just as I don't believer any religion's.
 I jumped right on the bandwagon and decided to enjoy this book.  My boyfriend and I did a road trip to Vermont and experienced it via the audio-book (for a change of pace).  It was rather suspenseful and it certainly reads like a movie.  The actor who reads the audio version is AMAZING..."I MUST SAY".  They should give him an Academy Award for 'book reading'!<br/>Now I want to see the movie; however, the book is simply a run around, chase 'em down thriller with a lot of surprise boxes and scavenger hunts for final answers.  In the end...you're still puzzled as to what other answers could be rummaged up.<br/>A very creatively thought out drama...Now, let's see the movie (especially since I hear that HUGH JACKMAN will have a key role--I hope he is playing the lead.)!
 I admit I was skeptical about reading a mystery thriller when first introduced to this book.  However, the book was much more than just a who done it type of fiction.  The book's plot was intermingled with historical details that made the book far more than your typical mystery novel.  The book really made an impression on me as far as theology goes.  I could not put this book down--it's plot takes so many exciting and unexpected twists.  Even if you don't normally read mystery/thriller books, this is definitely a book I would recommend to anyone looking for a great story that gives you some things to think about history and religon-wise.
 Someone please explain to me why most people are making The Da Vinci Code a history book! It's a NOVEL, a STORY. It's hard to believe that anyone with even average intelligence can get so bent out of shape over a novel. I am a devout Christian and my mind can seperate fact from fiction. Now that I have that out of my system, I loved The Da Vinci Code. However, Angels and Demons will always be my 1st pick of Dan Brown's books.
 One of the best books ever written!!
 After hearing a lot of great reviews for this book, I was excited to read something "fascinating" and "fast-paced". Unfortunately, the book didn't live up to the hype. I am a voracious reader, but this book took me three weeks to finish--I kept putting it down and reading other novels. I found this book slow, far-fetched (not the premise, but the massive scavenger hunt by two normal people), and predictable. The author's use of the term "sacred feminine" every ten pages or so was irritating. I did not find the book upsetting nor enlightening. I don't understand the uproar made by some people, its a work of fiction, and not very good fiction at that. I probably won't watch the movie since the author has said it's just like the book.
 This book is exhilarating from cover to cover. The change of scene that comes with the chapter change can prove hard to read, but it begs for you to turn the next page. Readers must remember that it is a fictitious book and while the content can be true at times, it is also bent or construed in such a way to convey a compelling and exciting novel. Jump in, but be careful to schedule in time to finish it because you may just end up reading cover to cover!
 I found The Da Vinci Code to be an insult to my intelligence. Anyone who paid attention in high-school math and history class can figure out the codes. And while the theology is interesting, concepts are reiterated so many times I felt like there was going to be a test at the end. Brown actually stops the action of the novel to explain everything to the reader. C'mon, now.<br/>The characters were flat, static, dull, monotonous...Little to no attention was given to their development. I didn't get to know them and I didn't care one bit about any of them.<br/>The faux-suspense created at the end of every chapter was tedious and condescending. And why so many chapters? Not all of us have the attention span of toddlers; there are intelligent learned persons out here who read books all the time. Give us a break.<br/>This book was written to the lowest common denominator of America and it makes me cringe; half because Brown allowed himself to do it, and half because it just shows how many ignorami there are out there.
 this book is great but it didn't fill the expectations that I hoped. I thought this lagged the thrill of finding the grail you have a century to find it it's not like its goinganywhere except that they moved it to france. The "Angles and Demons" was acually exciting because they actually had to find a bomb in this time period. I likethat Robert Langdon always get the young girls not the girls that arehisage it makes him seem more like a man. At the end of the story he always getss the girl or talks to a girl like Cane in CSI Miami it really makes me feel good becausethat older guy gets the younger girl. Thankyou for that because then you think is he going t get the girl then at the end he gets her and I'm like I knew it so it makes mefeel good and he always gets out of there. That is my review for "Davinci Code." I always like getting the hot girls so I put myself inhis shoes because of her BB! That's what im talking about!!!!
 A high-speed romp that uses elements from history for the clues. This one was hard to put down. Found myself pulling out my old art history textbooks to look at details from paintings. Lots of fun - thumbs up on this one!
 Simply Amazing!  Not only is this book a wonderfully suspenseful novel including puzzles, codes, and twisty plot guaranteed to entice the reader, it is all centered around a basic set of facts that challenge everything you ever knew about the roots of the christian religion and ancient history.  If you are interested in art history, religion, secret societies, or anything of the like, this is a must read.  I highly recommend this novel. It only takes a day or two to finish, so why not give it a spin?
 I just read this book. I can say that it has really given me great pleasure...laughing out loud at the incredibly bad writing! What a bunch of overblown melodrama. Some of the dialogue is so bad, I couldn't decide if it was more like an episode of THE HIGHLANDER television show or some of Dr. Evil's lines in an AUSTIN POWERS movie.  Someone should start a Dan Brown/Da Vinci Code bad writing contest. As for the story itself, it is definitely a poor imitation of an Umberto Eco novel.  Brown has about half the erudition of Eco, and a quarter of the writing skill.
 I heard about this book on an AM news show and thought that it sounded interesting.  This book was fantastic!  It makes you think about everything you ever learned in Church.  I could not put it down.  I stayed up on a Sunday night till after midnight just so I finish it.  A great read!
 ...then be sure to pick up the book TURN ME ON, DEAD MAN by Andru J. Reeve. It's the true saga of the story behind the infamous "Paul-Is-Dead" hoax of 1969, when millions believed a persistent rumor that Beatle Paul McCartney was killed in a car crash, his death kept a secret while the Beatles replaced him with a lookalike and planted "clues" to his death on subsequent Beatles albums. It's an amazing story and Reeve explores the who-what-and-whys of the story, explaining how this hoax was perpetrated and who was behind it. One of the most talked-about books of the year -- and it's available right now, right here at Amazon.com !!!<br/><br/>"An Amazing Book! I couldn't put it down!" -- Dr. Heritage Smith, folklorist and urban legends historian
 Here's columnist Joseph Sobran's take (The Vatican Cover-up, 17 March 2005) on this great and ridiculous book:<br/><br/>+++++++++++++<br/><br/>  Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone, archbishop of Genoa, has<br/><br/>called Dan Brown's bestselling novel THE DA VINCI CODE<br/><br/>"rotten food" and evidence of "anti-Catholic" attitudes.<br/><br/>He laments that even Catholic bookstores are carrying<br/><br/>"stacks" of it. He wants to "unmask the lies" the book<br/><br/>propagates.<br/><br/>  Cardinal Bertone's words have gotten a lot of<br/><br/>attention because, for one thing, he is regarded as a<br/><br/>likely candidate to be the next Pope. He is being accused<br/><br/>of trying to "censor" the book. Apparently arguing with<br/><br/>Dan Brown's whoppers -- including slanders of the<br/><br/>Catholic Church -- is a form of medieval persecution,<br/><br/>proving Brown's point.<br/><br/>  Which is? That the Catholic Church is evil. It's<br/><br/>based on lies and superstitions, and it has known and<br/><br/>covered up the truth for centuries, to this very day,<br/><br/>using the most unscrupulous means. Brown's novel begins<br/><br/>with a murder in the Louvre (yes, the one in Paris)<br/><br/>instigated, the reader soon learns, by a priest of Opus<br/><br/>Dei.<br/><br/>  The plot is terrific. I spent a weekend unable to<br/><br/>put the book down. The hero, an American Harvard<br/><br/>professor, is suspected of the murder, so he must solve<br/><br/>it while eluding the police. He is aided by a young<br/><br/>Frenchwoman (a cryptologist) and a scholarly Englishman,<br/><br/>Sir Leigh Teabing. (The real-life model for Teabing is<br/><br/>suing Brown for plagiarism, but never mind.)<br/><br/>  Brown is nothing if not audacious. Through these<br/><br/>scholarly characters, he creates, in addition to a great<br/><br/>suspense story, an elaborate fictional history as<br/><br/>background, which he wants the reader to believe. This<br/><br/>gives new meaning to the term "historical fiction."<br/><br/>Brown's history, which he boasts is based on thorough<br/><br/>research, is about as credible as Robert Blake's alibi.<br/><br/>  That "history" posits that Jesus wasn't divine and<br/><br/>never claimed to be. (So why was he accused of blasphemy<br/><br/>when he forgave sins? Never mind.) He married and had a<br/><br/>child with Mary Magdalene, whom he wanted to lead his<br/><br/>church after he was gone. (What did he need to create and<br/><br/>leave a church for? Did he know he was going to die<br/><br/>young? Never mind.) But misogynist males hated Mrs.<br/><br/>Jesus, so she fled to France and had her baby (a girl!),<br/><br/>whose secret line eventually became royalty. Meanwhile,<br/><br/>the male church denigrated the memory of Mrs. Jesus, nee<br/><br/>Magdalene, and denied her original role.<br/><br/>  Okay. Follow me so far? Brown's world-famous expert<br/><br/>on church history, Sir Leigh, informs us that Jesus was<br/><br/>first proclaimed divine by the Emperor Constantine in<br/><br/>A.D. 325, which suggests that the world-famous expert is<br/><br/>unacquainted with the New Testament, let alone the<br/><br/>Patristic writings and early controversies of the church.<br/><br/>(Why did the church still exist in 325, if everyone had<br/><br/>always assumed that Jesus was only a human? Didn't it<br/><br/>worship him? Or was it just a Jesus Memorial Society? Oh,<br/><br/>never mind.)<br/><br/>  Tiny secret societies kept the truth alive through<br/><br/>the ages, so Leonardo da Vinci found out about it and<br/><br/>encoded it in his ostensibly Christian paintings, which<br/><br/>Brown's hero decodes for the reader. Meanwhile, the<br/><br/>Catholic Church continued its misogynistic tradition,<br/><br/>oppressing them and blaming them for everything. During<br/><br/>the Middle Ages, the reader is informed, the Church<br/><br/>burned no fewer than five million women as witches! And<br/><br/>not only did it burn much of Europe's female population<br/><br/>at the stake (without protest from the men) -- it<br/><br/>prevented historians from finding out about it!<br/><br/>  Brown's suspense story is grippingly plausible, with<br/><br/>some of the most stunning plot twists I've ever read.<br/><br/>It's his "historical background" that's like a goofy<br/><br/>dream. You want to argue with it until you pause to<br/><br/>reflect that it doesn't make any sense. It's not just<br/><br/>untrue; it couldn't possibly be true. It's like a story<br/><br/>set in today's New York City in which the hero finds out<br/><br/>that the discovery of America was all a huge hoax. If it<br/><br/>was perpetrated by the Catholic Church, Brown could do a<br/><br/>sequel about this. Brown has proved once more that any<br/><br/>smear of the Church, no matter how absurd, will find a<br/><br/>willing audience.<br/><br/>  For inside the Vatican, it would seem, Church<br/><br/>officials know all the secrets Brown has brought to<br/><br/>light, from Mrs. Jesus on, and they're still trying to<br/><br/>prevent the rest of us from finding out. That would<br/><br/>explain why Cardinal Bertone has denounced THE DA VINCI<br/><br/>CODE. Just as Brown would expect.
 Ok, I have neither bought nor read this 'book', and never will, but I read the excerpt.<br/>If English is Dan Brown's first language, then he has major problems, unless he is a 10 year old slow learner. Ok, he has made a lot of money from this piece of rubbish, but why not take a quick course in creative writing beforehand to learn the basics of style.<br/>The Hardy Boys books are advanced literature in comparison!
 It's an enticing mystery with strong historical and factual roots. Consider it the new version of based on a true story. Like a history lesson that you wish you had in school. I must warn allot a good weekend to this book because unlike the cliche that once you pick it up you won't put it down, this book actually does just so.
 Okay, honestly the only reason I picked up this book to begin with, was to find out what all the hype was about. From the moment I read the first sentence I could not put it down! I'd find myself eagerly awaiting 5 o'clock each afternoon, not just because I was getting off work, but so I could read more! My ultimate goal was to finish this book prior to the release of the movie. Now I wish I hadn't! This is another case of the book being so much better than the movie! But that's neither here nor there. Anyway, Dan Brown is a skilled author. His writing is easy to follow and very descriptive without being overly "wordy". I absolutely adore Robert Langdon as a main character! He's like Indiana Jones in a tweed jacket!
 No less than four of my friends recommended this book to me, knowing that I am quite an enthusiast of esoteric religions and conspiracy theories.  Not being a big fan of fiction, I figured I'd give this book a shot anyway, due to the fact that it came so highly recommended.  For all the chest beating about how "well researched" this book is, it seems as if the "historical" information is quite fabricated and contrived.  The characters have a surreal, almost cartoonish quality about them, and give the reader almost no human qualities to identify with (A muscular albino religious fanatic assassin?  Give me a break!)  The "suspense, murder mystery" theme is so contrived and predictable I found myself almost laughing any time there was a 'chase' or 'murder' scene.  I'm certain that a fifteen year old could have written a more interesting book for a Creative Writing class, as the writing here is sub par and amateurish.  This book is yet another piece of "Wonder Bread" literature- i.e. a lot of people like it, but it isn't very nutritious.
 Brown's conspiracy has been cribbed from the Illuminati Trilogy and Umberto Eco's masterpiece Foucault's Pendulum. If you're under 25, read the Illuminati -- it's not nobel material, but it will blow your mind.  Eco on the otherhand needs no introduction -- he is one of the foremost writers of our generation, and Foucault's Pendulum is at once gripping, astoundingly well written and steeped in every historical conspiracy.  By contrast, Brown is but a dilettante.
 i had to have a look after all this hype and the book was worse than i feared. the chapters are annoyingly short and end with what are probably supposed to be cliffhangers, but what they do is chop the story into frilly little pieces. Brown's previous Vatican story was much better.<br/><br/>The characters are 2D, laden with cliches and damned with a thin plot.  Although the book contains a number of clever riddles and juicy historical factoids, the author can never decide whether he is giving a lecture on history, religious iconography and conspiracy theories or whether he is actually writing a thriller. as a result, there are pages and pages of irrelevant stuff while the plot itself is thin and moves at lightning speed.<br/><br/>not that i mind the subject topic - in fact, i find Knights Templar, medieval legends, da Vinci et consortes captivating.  yet if you are writing a novel, Dan, please write the novel, not a philosophical sermon or a Morality Play.<br/><br/>And now I have to imagine Hanks as Langdon &lt;shudder&gt;
 As with the other Dan Brown books I've read I wasn't happy with this one.  The plot is great, the characters are wonderful.  But somehow I felt like I was reading Brown's notes about the plot and people rather than walking in their shoes and listening to their thoughts.
 Dan Brown succeeds in entwining historical data and hysterical myths.  If you didn't know there was firm historical evidence for truth in history, you would think this guy was on to something. Sex as an underlying reason for all motivation instead of pure belief. Some will like it no doubt.  Not me.  I want a thriller with twists and turns and plots that make me catch my breath...this one made me grab my stomach..and I'm not even Catholic.
 One of the most interesting  mystery books I have read in a long time.<br/>I really enjoyed  the historical references and facts about codes and secret societies woven through out the entire tale. I will definately look for this author again.
 Prior to reading this book, I saw tons of people getting this book, but had little word of mouth information and never knew what it was about until there was a television special about it. I decided to read it because I thought it was an interesting idea for a book. Especially because it went along with my curiousity about truth and fiction in the Bible and church history.<br/>I absolutely loved it. It opened things up that I hadn't really considered, with my relatively conservative religious upbringing. It was a thrilling idea that Jesus was human, and not a robot without feelings and without a true human experience. It was also fascinating to consider the role of previous church leaders in information, or the supression of it.<br/>It was interesting to see how the book ended, but more interesting was the information that I went out to research after I finished reading it. The book wasn't focused on sex. It was focused on the idea that the information we could have gotten that was such a threat to the authority of church leaders that they felt they had to surpress it. Anyone who walks away thinking the book was all about sex made a snap judgement and didn't see the problems posed by the church burying information. They came in with pre-concieved notions and would have been offended no matter how well or how poorly the story could have been told. They are also probably the same folks who watch television shows and movies just so they can whine about how violated they feel. And that's truly sad.<br/>People who are deeply offended can move on, because they can go get one story spoon-fed to them every week. But those who are interested in looking at a work of fiction that can open their eyes to exciting ideas, while reading a gripping story, will truly enjoy this book. I read this book in a day and have re-read it several times.<br/>This book has also given me a start to do historical research and find out what real events are behind this story.<br/>Fantastic... Read it, but keep an open mind. If you can't do that... Then stay the same as you've always been.
 One of the best books I have ever read. Once I started reading it, I couldn't put it down. The story takes place in Europe and has a lot of action, drama and mystery in it. It's one of the greatest books ever written.
 Dan Brown is a fantastic story teller.
 The success of this book is that it's a fictional work that brings the non-fictional world into better focus.  As a story, it's fine and interesting enough to hold your attention.  I found myself staying up til the wee hours of the morning in a race to finish it, but I'll also admit it's not any kind of epic piece of literature.  It's a fun loving and informative summer novel.<br/>The 5 star rating is for the fact that it opens the reader's eyes to topics in history, art, mathematics, and religion that might have been overlooked, but which are startingly true.  No matter how fantastical the background to the tale may sound, remember that none of the background is a work of fiction.  And for those disturbed by how the real world organization of Opus Dei is portrayed in the book, be aware that the organization's aspects depicted in the book are also true.  There are many legitimate books, websites and support groups available to confirm all the darker issues depicted in this book.<br/>I'm convinced the author was more concerned about informing the world about all these background issues than about the fictional plot.  In this he succeeded.  This book has provoked many eye opening discussions amongst folks I know and for that I am eternally grateful.  Any book that can produce the amount of intellectual discourse and soul searching that I've recently observed deserves 5 stars.
 Hi,<br/><br/>Da Vinci Code is the book anyone consider themself to be genious. Lovers of Art, Architecture, Sclpture, Mathamatics, Fabonaci Sequence, History will love this book. Any one who loves thriller, suspence will also love this book. I guarantee, anyone starting this book will glue to it till it is over.<br/><br/>Hasit.
 My Uncle Mort and Aunt Ethel gave me an old dining room set they were getting rid of and this paperback was exactly the right size to put under the short leg! Do you think it means something deeper? Oooh, my head spins.<br/><br/>Aside from that, it's just a steaming heap. Terrible book. I was reading it on an airplane and hoping for engine trouble so we'd be diverted and I could buy some magazines. Zowie, this book hurt. It's like a TV movie but with words.
 I read the book when it first came out and had everyone talking, but only just got around to reading all the hulabaloo about how Dan Brown's facts are either wrong or skewed or based on conspiracy theorists' essays. Which is all fine and dandy, should one forget that it's a fictional story. It doesn't claim to be the end all, be all on the subject.<br/><br/>It is what it is - a wonderfully engaging story with tons of twists and turns, lots of 'Ahah!' moments, plenty of action, and (albeit, not facts) intersting notions about the artists, the meanings of artistic works, and of course, the mystery that shrouds the life of Jesus Christ.<br/><br/>You can walk out of a movie theater thinking, "Wow, totally improbable but STILL a lot of fun to watch," and this is how you'll end up feeling about this book. Definitely pick it up for a fast paced page turner you won't be able to put down.
 Let me say one thing, this book is a fine piece of writing. I come across few books that are this engaging. I will also say this: know thyself. This book will bring up interesting ideas for anyone with religious foundations. This book is first and foremost a suspense novel. I admit that I only read this beacuse of all the debate and my curiousity to see what the big deal is. This fascinating book really doesn't bring up that much new ideas in the academic world...these ideas have already been discussed. *sigh* So, I find that all this discussion really comes from biased ignorance. Carefully examine the characters, should you read this, and you will understand.<br/><br/>Finally, this is the verdict: a great book for the suspense loving reader, but a possible religious obstacle for a soul. (A helpful tip when reading: remember it is FICTION)
 Reads like Foucault's Pendulum Lite, which is not necessarily a bad thing. Half the obscurity, twice the readability, but somehow not as satisfying. If you're acquainted with "conspiracy" theory and/or history in any real sense this book will leave you feeling sort of embarassed that your once arcane knowledge will no longer shock people at parties. If, however, you're a total numbskull and have bought everything they've taught you over the years, then this makes a pretty good introduction to the world as it is, and you will probably reject it, because its truths unmask the lies you've accepted for so long.
 Didn't like this book at all.  It accepted as fact preposterous notions that have been for the most part totally discredited.  If you believe in conspiracies this book may be for you.  Whatever you do don't accept all that's written at face value.
 The information in this book is absolutely fascinating. Information that would shatter the foundations of what churches have been teaching for centuries.  Read this book!  It will leave you wanting to find out more about the Holy Grail and the strong possibility that Jesus was a mortal man.  Anyone who gave a negative rating to this book is either uneducated or closed-minded.  This is a brilliant book, with a movie to be directed by Ron Howard on its way.
 Yes, this is a very controversial book.  But it did open up some people's eyes (such as myself) and began asking questions about the church and Christ's personal life.  This book plays with your mind as it keeps throwing facts and evidence.  A good read.
 Absolutly love Dan Brown books! Very interesting and good thoughts of all his stories. He really likes to bring you on to a chase and gives you ideas to see something in a different aspect. Love his writing style with all the twists and turns. Try to read all of his books.
 For what it is, this book is great.  While I don't really read mystery/suspense books because I find many of them mindless, Dan Brown has incorporated all the elements of a good suspense novel with numerous interesting facts about art and history.  It may not be for anyone, but if you've ever wandered the halls of the Louvre or even the Met, you're bound to find it enthralling!
 At the outset and in order to minimalise any suggestions of pre-conceived bias, I am not a Christian.  Indeed, I am not a believer in any faith.  I chose to read "The da Vinci Code" simply as a piece of escapist literature.  The book largely fills this capacity.<br/>I am puzzled as to how people can be offended or shocked by Brown's work.  It would seem that some people are easily upset and prone to self-righteousness.  The book involves a series of murders that are all related with a clear Christian sub-text.  In this sense, I think the book justifiably earns three stars from five.<br/>As to the sub-text, the book suggests that Jesus Christ was married to Mary Magdalene and had at least one child.  So what!  A thirty two year old man 2,000 years ago would be very unusual if he had not married.  Why on earth is this such a big deal?  Surely, the Christian faith is strong enough without being seriously challenged by one book?<br/>Returning to the novel at a more general level, Brown has produced a stock standard thriller.  The plot reveals itself with a religious theme but ends more with a whimper than a bang.  Read the book to be informed as to all the fuss, but do not expect a work of literary greatness.
 Purchased this book a few years ago. The illustrations definitely makes the history within the book come alive. It transforms it from an already good read to a full blown history lesson with murder and mystery. If you are thinking about picking up a copy of the da vinci code, the illustrated version should be the first and only one to get!
 It was absolutely dreadful trying to read this book.  It came with a strong recommendation, but anyone who can call what Dan Brown does "writing" should never be trusted again.  The novel is full of clichés and is so dumbed down I felt like I was reading the script for some third-rate, low budget soap opera.  It blows my mind (as well as scares me) that people are giving this book good reviews.  His "historical facts" are skewed, his prose is indistinguishable from heap of manure, and his story reeks of every bad detective novel or miniseries ever created.  I'd recommend 1,000 other books before I'd recommend this one... unless of course the person who's asking is about 9 years old or with a reading level as such.<br/>Pass it up, there are better ways to torture yourself...
 It is the best book...  I am normally not a big reader, but I do have to say that Dan Brown really knows how to keep people interested.  He has a way of writting that it is so easy to paint a mental picture of what you are reading, that it is easy to think that you are in the middle of the action.  I read this book and I had to get the prequel.  ( Angels and Demons ).  It is just as good, if not better.  I am almost done with it and I already oredered two of his other books, Digital Fortress and Deception Point
 For those of us who read for fun, and could really care less whether a book is completely accurate, especially when it says "Fiction" on it, I would reccommend this book. It was fast-paced, and it's a great topic to talk to your friends about, as long as you are looking for a discussion.<br/><br/>There are so many different viewpoints on this book, but I have only one viewpoint. It was well written, interesting, and it was twisted: in a good way.<br/><br/>I would reccommend this book to those of us who read for enjoyment, and aren't about to go criticizing every single error. FICTION people. FICTION.
 Dan Brown does his research and writes a really interesting story. I highly recommend it. Some religious people might take offense at some of the point he makes, but one must remember that, while it often reads like a factually based story, it it still is a novel. Nonetheless, there is a lot of factual information revealed in this book, and that is part of what make is such an interesting story to read.
 I first read the original Da Vinci Code some years ago, and loved it. However, I found myself having to stop reading to go on the i-net and look up the paintings and structures that were featured in the story. When someone told me they had an illustrated version, I was ecstatic. I re-read the book, and must say that it is an entirely different experience (and adventure!) reading this. If you loved the Da Vinci Code there's no way you'll dislike the illustrated version.<br/><br/>Additionally, Amazon sells it MUCH cheaper than retail book stores!
 After I read that one-in-five Americans have read this book, I decided to join the crowd. I found the premise interesting and looked forward to the story. However, this is one of the most poorly written books I've ever encountered. The prose is so pedestrian and the "suspense" so predictable. Finally I just couldn't take it anymore and thought I'd see the movie version. And now I hear that it is equally bad. Why do so many people like this book? I'm mystified....
 This book kept my eyes glued to it!  The plot compiles one conflict on top of another and switches point-of-view frequently.  In doing so, Brown keeps the reader in suspense.  The symbology also give something to think about.  CHRISTIANS BEWARE, I am a staunch believer in Jesus Christ, and at times in the novel some of the conversations made me cringe.  It is not that the story presents Christianity in a bad light(excluding Opus Dei), it is that it makes no distinction between the fact and fiction.  Either way, the book is a great read and was definitely worth my time.
 I loved Angels and Demons- and I really enjoyed the subject matter in Da Vinci Code but if I could guess what was coming with the plot line it was obvious.  I never try to figure out mysteries I enjoy letting them unfold in the read.  I had this one figured out way too early for my enjoyment.  Still a good book- hard to put down but not nearly as fantastic as previous works.  I learned a lot and will probably purchase a number of nonfiction works in this subject area.<br/>I had to go on line and look up the art works that were described in the text and found that some of the pieces are easily mistaken (Madonna on the rocks and Virgin on the Rocks ) Some were even misnamed at a university site (astron.berkeley.edu/~kalas/disksite/ pages/madonna.html) should be Virgin on the rocks not Madonna- since this is the revised toned down image.<br/>Well worth the effort- wait for paperback
 This novel was phenomenal!  The plot was believable and the characters were great.  Dan Brown takes you on a journey through time and codes, art and history, to reveal lost secrets of Da Vinci and the Holy Grail.  This book has more excitement than you can shake a stick at, and you won't be able to put it down, I guarantee it!
 I bought The Da Vinci Code on the basis that it was a bestseller and everyone had been raving about it. Unfortunately it was like hearing about a new movie coming out that is supposed to be the best movie ever (according to reviews and friends who have seen it) but when you see it yourself you wonder what the big deal was. AND if you hadn't got caught up in the hype you actually would have enjoyed it more with a lower level of expectation. Don't get me wrong, The Da Vinci Code is a good book, but I had my expectations raised and was left a little wanting.<br/><br/>Dan Brown is either a very lucky author or part genius. And it's not because of the secrets he supposedly reveals, which all in all are just plausible fiction.  More so it's because he has taken a topic which people already have a passing interest in and has thrown in some "twists" that are believable enough to be taken by some as gospel.  What we have in The Da Vinci Code is a book that makes for an interesting enough read which has sprinklings of things that you never knew and can't wait to tell your friends.  Whether it be fact or fiction... Unfortunately the subject matter and associated media attention is what has made this book a bestseller, not because it is a literary masterpiece.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's writing style is fast paced with the book being written on a very short timeline. This does leave you a little lost sometimes on how is what where, but it can make for an exciting read with the constant tempo.<br/><br/>He is very descriptive and he writes very well. The scenes he paints with his words are exactly like the real life locations. I guarantee you after reading The Da Vinci Code if you see a TV special of any sort based on the book you WILL recognise the locations and that is pretty cool.<br/><br/>There is one thing that I didn't particularly like with Brown's writing style which is his constant flashbacks for the little anecdotes. The lead sees a painting in The Louvre and remembers years ago giving a seminar on the secret aspects behind the artwork. Unfortunately it doesn't do anything for the story and more seems like the author is trying to impress with his knowledge of the subject matter.<br/><br/>Don't read The Da Vinci Code thinking you are about to learn a number of mystical and religious secrets, just read it to have fun.
 Dan Brown walks you through the first few page's, then you hit the ground running! A wounderful read. There is also a compagnion online to this book at ( ...]) that will bring the text to life with some pictures and research information. I found it after getting about a third way through the book (its worth the .99 cents)<br/>This is a hard book to put down, Brown will keep your interest with every turn of the page
 In the first part of the book, I struggled to get through the chapters.  However, after I got through the rough parts where it was impressive amount of history and information given, I was immediately sucked into the story.  I was captivated the entire way through the until the end.  The book had incredible twists and turns throughout, and I was supremely suprised at the way the book ended, but I was not upset at the ending.  I would recommend this book as one of the books that you HAVE to read.  Exceptional.  My kudos to Dan Brown, but I'm sure mine are just a drop in the ever growing ocean of his supporters and fans.
 I was prepared to like this book because it was recommended by family and friends.  It grabbed my attention immediately and was very exciting.  The more I read, however, the more I didn't like what was written.  As a Catholic, I just kept saying "That can't be true!"  The claims of this being a well-researched book just struck me as wrong.  I would recommend reading an article called "Dismantling The Da Vinci Code" by Sandra Miesel.  It takes Mr. Brown's "facts" that sound so reasonable and documents why they aren't true.  I love reading good fiction but I don't like it when fiction is presented as fact.
 the illustrations add so much to this book because of the constant references to art. When I first tried to read this book, ( a copy from the library)  I found myself frustrated. When someone informed me there was this special version I ordered it and was not disappointed. Well worthe the extra money.
 Da VInci Code was a good quick read for a fast paced thriller.  As far as "facts" go, not too many.  Brown was grasping for straws when he opened the book with several "facts".  The statements are not facts and are really nothing more than fuel for conspiracy theories, which for the most part have been disproved by scholars.  But for a novel, a good read.
 Loved it! Suspense filled, action-packed, fun story but this version is especially pleasing to those not familiar with the art of Da Vinci, symbols, or landmarks described in the book. It was much more fun to look at the paintings and locations as the characters did and experience more in this facinating journey of truth and faith.
 I would agree with a number of reviewers - the book is excellent.  Read it, enjoy it, discuss it at length.  Remember always it is a work of fiction - the author used ELEMENTS of the history of the church to weave a story.  If you want to condemn Catholicism do some independent research first - the church has a regrettable history in it's treatment of women, Brown brings the discussion front and center.
 This is the first book I have read that absolutely enthralled me from the very first sentence, not just the first page or the first chapter.<br/><br/>With a bullet in his stomach, the head curator of the Louvre in Paris grabs a valuable Caravaggio painting from the gallery wall to trigger off alarm bells and activate grilled security screens in the minutes before his slow death. He also has time to leave a series of coded messages behind knowing that their meaning will, or may, be decipherable to both his estranged grand-daughter Sophie (a French policewoman in the Department of Cryptology) and visiting American Harvard professor and symbologist Robert Langdon.<br/><br/>Langdon is immediately taken from his hotel to the Louvre by the French Police ostensibly to offer assistance but in reality because he is their prime suspect and now ostensibly under arrest.<br/><br/>The plot gathers speed as Sophie and Langdon escape from the police to begin a hunt for further clues. The story unveils mysteries of the Knights Templar, Opus Dei, the Roman Catholic Church and the Holy Grail. The tale is told of such historical giants as Boticelli, Leonardo da Vinci, Isaac Newton, Victor Hugo and Claude Debussy (to name just a few) who have over the centuries been charged with holding the secrets of Mary Magdalene and Jesus Christ's offspring and the noble lineage of Mary herself. The author explains hidden messages in Da Vinci's paintings of The Mona Lisa and The Last Supper which carry part of the same secret.<br/><br/>The pace of the book is always fast and the bizarre riddles and codes are always clever and devious. The suspense of Sophie and Langdon's flight from the law of both France and England as they escape over the Channel is held throughout. And . . . it is not only the law they are running from, it is also the evil murderous long-reaching arm of Opus Dei who will kill instantly without asking questions. The thrill of the chase is ever present, the revelation of historical facts is quite astonishing and the labyrinth of codes and mysteries is spell binding.<br/><br/>This book is a classic to be enjoyed by young and old.
 I highly recommend this book.  It's both interesting and thought provoking.  But whatever you do, please don't buy the cassette version.  The cassettes come tangled and warped and the second one from the end flat out broke.  Save your money for the hardback or CD version.
 I read this novel when it was first published (back in 2003).  It's a good novel without being a great novel, it raises some interesting possibilities and has introduced me to one of my favourite villains of all time.<br/><br/>I recommend this novel to anyone who likes plausible possibility but who can differentiate fiction from fact. If religious themes offend, then read Brown's other thrillers instead.<br/><br/>Jennifer Cameron-Smith
 I have to say that I read this about 2" thick book in less than 3 days! Once I started reading, I was not able to put the book down.  It was a super thriller with amazing facts and it made me travel throughout our history and past with the most fascinating wording.  A must read, and great book!
 Since Mel Gibson's movie is being released today, I'm sure more people than ever will be reading The Da Vinci Code.  I thought this book was a good one - thought provoking, entertaining, providing a good mystery filled with historical data.  It seems to evoke either a very positive response from readers or a very negative one.  Me?  I loved it.  It's been discussed at family dinners more than once, and each time, it's a thrilling discussion.
 I have already reviewed this book, but I have just remembered what is perhaps one of the most important inaccuracies of this book.<br/>It says that the Divine name (YHVH) is taken from Jehovah, a combination of some male God's name and eve, however it is the other way around.<br/>Around 400BC the jews stopped saying the divine name, saying 'Adonai' (my lord) or 'ha-shem' (the name) instead. Now, hebrew is written without vowels, so around 1000AD the Masorites (jewish monks) put in vowel points because they realized that hebrew was dying out as spoken language, so they added vowels so that people would still be able to read and pronounce the words of the tanakh (kind of like the Old Testament...same books, differant order. Refers to Torah (law), Nevi'im (prophets), and Ketuvim (writings)) When they came across the divine name, they had a dilema, someone reading the Tanakh out loud may accidentally say the name outloud, defying 1400 year convention and rabbinic law. They had a simple solution, they did not put in the vowels for YHVH (modern reconstruction would say that it was originaly most likely 'Yahveh') but rather added the vowels for 'adonai' making Y+a+h+o+v+a+h = yahovah, this is an unpronouncible word in hebrew (two sylable word, because the 'o' is frequently not written, the first vowel is whats called a 'vocal sheva' something which cant be alone in a sylable-take my word for it) so anyone reading would say 'Hey! I can't pronounce that, must be ha-shem'. So jews (being intelligent people-I'm a christian by the way, we are the 'dumb' ones) knew not to say it, but in 1000-1500AD period, christian (german) monks came across it and without pause, with no regard for the language, simply said 'Jehovah' while I imagine the jews just looked on either shaking their heads or laughing hilariously.<br/>So there you have it! The Christians invented the name Jehovah, it's not our God's name after all! Plus, Jehovah came out of YHVH, not the other way round, this male god plus eve stuff is nonsense.<br/>So, if you've read to this point, congratulations, you have had an actual history lecture, perhaps Dan Brown should read. If I have inspired you to learn Hebrew, good! It's a great language, I love it, makes Greek look so silly.
 Few books keep you as interested in continuing to read as Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code.  Without question, this is one of the most engaging books I have ever read.  After reading through the first fifty or so pages, I decided to start over with a highligher in order to mark points of interest worth researching on my own.<br/>One comment from a reader's eye: I found it amazing how Brown was able to keep the story moving in such a short time span.<br/>Simply put: this is an outstanding novel.
 Fantastic. Not the ending I would have predicted.. Full of suspense. Story moved along nicely as it forced the reader to visualize the scene as to what was happening. Highly recommended
 Enjoyable journey into conspiracy and mayhem and should not be taken seriously as many people do! I think this was Brown's best thriller and he wont top it. Also could never get over Tom Hanks as Langdon its just not right!
 A highly overrated book.  The primise is kind of interesting if you toss reality to the winds, but this guy Brown couldn't create an interesting character if his life depended on it.  Shallow, stupid dialogue, irrational actions, dopey scenarios (after a gut shot, chould the good perfesser do all that artwork?? C'mon...) make this a loser.
 THe first time I read this book, I enjoyed it.  Kudos to encluding the illustrations.<br/><br/>The secind time I read it I HATED IT.<br/><br/>He's got talent as a writer, I'll admitt.  But when I REALLY read it and took in all the "evidence" that was presented, I kept thinking . . . "Well, what does that prove?"  So you really can't read this book with a mind towards the facts.  They've all been manipulated to tell a good story.<br/><br/>Read it with a grain of salt.  Its all in fun.
 The 'historical research' on which this nonsense is based could have been done by anyone with half an hour to spare and a good internet connection. In spite of the note at the beginning making claims to historical precision, the book is full of descriptive errors and historical inaccuracy. For example, the secret society described in the novel, the Priory of Sion, was in fact a complete hoax which was invented in the late 1950s by the famous confidence trickster Pierre Plantard, and not dating from 1099 as Brown wants us to believe. Don't bother wth this. It truly is rot.<br/><br/> ...]
 I was looking forward to a book that I couldn't put down, but this book was hardly that. I couldn't finish it. The various characters and scenes seemed familiar somehow. Borrowed elements from an Indiana Jones movie, except made boring somehow? And the writing itself doesn't inspire either: "Is there time? (italicized for some reason) He knew it didn't matter. Without hesitation, Langdon broke into a sprint back towards the stairs." Hmmm. Why would he hesitate? Worried about a cramp? And since when do people break into a sprint? How about this: "Without another word, Langdon pulled his pen from his jacket pocket and ...." Yes sir, no hesitation, he just threw caution to the wind and whipped out that pen. And how about this cliff hanger: They both froze. On the glass, six words glowed in purple, scrawled directly across Mona Lisa's face. We had to wait two more exciting pages to find out what those words were. Save your money for the movie. Tom and Audrie have to be better.
 Well written novel, with plenty of mystery and suspense....my big problem is that this book is being sold as if it is based entirely on truth...which it is not !  Read this book like you would any other fictional novel, and assume just that...that it is fiction.
 The Da Vinci Code is an extremely interesting book.  It is also very fun, fast paced, and hard to put down.  I thought the research was fantastic, as was the story.  Sure it is hard to believe some of Langdon and Sophie's miraculous escapes, but it is worth it if you can get past that point.<br/>I almost stopped reading the book after 50 pages.  I could not get into it.  But after what I thought was a slow start, I couldn't put the thing down for two days and finished the rest of it.
 My gripes come in 3 areas:<br/>FEMINISM:  Despite all the squawking about freeing the "sacred feminine," this is not a feminist book.  What is the essence of the "sacred feminine"?  The womb.  What does the "sacred feminine" do? It allows men to experience divinity through sex with women.  What does the "sacred feminine" do for women?  Not a damn thing.  Who gets to decide whether the truth about the "sacred feminine" is revealed to the world?  A secret society with men at the helm.  Should this great feminist truth be revealed?  No, it should remain a secret because people like mystery.  It is enough that the "sacred feminine" shows up from time to time in hidden symbols in the arts.  The message  of this book was the the essence of women is something to be controlled by men.<br/>Also, I couldn't help but notice that the female character is referred to by her first name, "Sophie," while the male characters are referenced by their last names (e.g., "Langdon").  Why the difference in treatment?<br/>CRYPTOGRAPHY:  No, Dan Brown, the granddaugher's name is not a brilliant password.  And the word "random" does not mean what you think it does.<br/>PLOT:  It's completely implausible that Sophie and Langdon would ever have started this escapade in the first place at the Louvre.  What exactly was the danger Langdon was in, and why did it help to run away?  Their subsequent actions (kidnapping, etc.), were completely unjustified.  It was hard to identify with characters who were behaving so rashly.
 Although a good page turned I believe the success of this book is not so much the ideas presented or the mastery of the writer. It comes more from it being a touchstone for the times we live in a world where it has become particularly harder to figure out the world especially after 9-11. Also contributing to its success is perhaps the current  backlash in our society against both Christianity and science where the X-Files is still fresh in our collective memory ("The truth is out there").  The DaVinci Code is an interesting exciting novel but nothing more. Unfortunately many are  to quick to accept the book as (if you will excuse the pun) Gospel, or more accurately said, history. History is full of arcana and DaVinci himself being one of the most intriguing and mysterious figures of the Western world has become a lightening rod of many a conspiracy theory. So to have DaVinci to play a role in plot is not new. Neither is the idea that Christ had a child by Mary Magdelane an idea that has been kicking around for quite sometime. It is one of but many ideas of those over the years that attempt to poke holes in Christianity (for those wishing to do so it is suggested to frame your arguments in logic rather than in conspiracy theories). For those interested in historical arcana pick your arcana wisely as odd disjointed facts are malleable to an infinite number of ways. Further examination of the facts soon debunk many of the ideas presented in this book that people are accepting as true. Take for example the myth of Arthur and the quest for the Grail itself. Two of the leading theories scholars hold about Arthur was that he was a Roman or that he was a British Celt. The later theory to my mind is most probable as the Celtic bards mention Arthur's quests fairly often as well as the quests of others for a "caldron of immortality" a legend which predates Christianity. When the legend came to France it was already modified many times.<br/><br/>The author is no Umberto Eco and although it might be the current flavor of mind candy I believe this book will soon be forgotten.<br/><br/>Recommended with reservations.
 It does not compare with the movie
 Kudos to Dan Brown for popularizing a self-evidently correct notion about the marital status of Jesus rather than let it slip down the memory hole.  In the Book of Genesis, we are told that "a man shall leave the house of his father and mother and cleave to his wife and they shall become one flesh."  We are also told that a man is to be "fruitful and multiply and fill the earth."  These two commandments right out of the gate to get married and have kids has been incumbent on Jews since time immemorial and remains so today.  Any rabbi worth his salt wouldn't dare consider becoming a sexual deviant and social misfit by avoiding these 2 commandments.  Without clear and convincing evidence to the contrary--which does not exist--of course Jesus was married and had children.  Notice that this conclusion is obtained without resort to secret documents, a visit to France or an examination of any of Da Vinci's paintings.  Still, I have to hand it to Dan Brown.  He accomplished what the likes of Hugh Schonfield and Michael Baigent were unable to do with far more 'evidence' at their disposal: namely, exposing this pious fraud for what it has always been.<br/><br/>And in a highly entertaining way, no less.
 I was given this book as a gift- read it- and immediately put it on EBAY. Funny thing is that someone bought it. This may be the biggest piece of formulaic BS I have ever read. The writting is very weak, and although I am not an historian, I doubt any of it is true. Maybe it's me but, I cannot believe all the hype this book has recieved. It frightens me that so many people speak so highly of this trash. Maybe that's also why Sarah Palin is so popular. HYPE, HYPE, and more HYPE, with an intriguing cover. USA! USA! USA!<br/>Save your time and money and skip this book. Or better yet, if you want to see great writting read the Best American Travel Writing. They also have collections for sports, science, and short stories.
 While growing up I HATED reading books. Then one day Mr. Brown writes this book. This book literally changed my life. Not that it was the best book ever but, this book made me love books. I've been reading books ever since. True life story.
 I love all of Dan Brown's books! The Da Vinci Code is full of mystery, history and twists. I particularly enjoyed the attention to historical facts in art and religion. If you liked Angels and Deamons, this is a must read.
 Overall, I found this book to be very entertaining. The theories were interesting, the plot moved quickly and there was plenty of suspense. No, the writing wasn't spectacular and the characters lacked depth, but so what? It was a good, fun read.<br/>Don't take this book too seriously. It's fiction, people! If you're worried/offended/disturbed about the theories contained within, get off your duff and do your own research...then you can form an educated opinion. This is a novel, not a theological treatise!
 Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" is one of those books that come along every once in a while and cause such a flap that even people like myself who wouldn't normally be interested in a book of its genre feel compelled to read it, if for no other reason than to hold an opinion on this cultural phenomenon. The story concerns a frantic race over the course of several days by one American symbologist, Robert Langdon, and a French cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, to unravel the motives behind the bizarre murder of the curator of the Louvre museum, a M. Jacques Saurniere, whose body has been found in a most unusual condition accompanied by a mysterious inscription. There is essentially no character development. Our detectives are drawn only superficially. Perhaps that's common in modern mystery novels. I wouldn't know. But "The Da Vinci Code" isn't a mystery in the conventional sense. It is more akin to a treasure hunt or jigsaw puzzle. The reader knows the identity of the murderer immediately. The mystery is the meaning of the encoded message found near the victim's body. "The Da Vinci Code" is a fast-paced, edge of your seat, quest to comprehend the seemingly interminable layers of a complex cipher.<br/><br/>The meaning of the cipher is where the author Dan Brown treads on very controversial ground. "The Da Vinci Code" owes its intrigue to a provocative combination of religious history and pure fabrication. You may recognize the book's allusions to Gnostic Christian theology and the machinations of the nascent 4th century Roman Catholic Church as being largely accurate. But you may wonder how much of the further politico-religious mythology that our cipher reveals was simply concocted by the author. Dan Brown didn't make any of it up. But some others before him did. Yes, Gnosticism certainly views Mary Magdalene and the quality of Christ's divinity differently than Pauline Christianity. But all of the stuff about goddess worship and the French Merovignian dynasty being descended from Christ is a 20th century concoction. The Priory of Sion, which the author claims is and was a real organization, has actually been a lot of different organizations that have existed over the course of the past millennium. Its 20th century incarnations have no connection to the Medieval Catholic Order of Sion, which was absorbed by the Jesuit order in the 17th century, or to any other organizations that may have used these names in the interim timeframe. "The Priory Documents", a product of the modern Priory of Sion, are the source for the mythology presented in "The Da Vinci Code". And they are universally considered to be a hoax of entirely modern origins.<br/><br/>"The Da Vinci Code" is often accused of being anti-Catholic. It asserts that the Emperor Constantine and the Council of Nicea, which was convened to establish Roman Catholic orthodoxy in 325 AD, picked and chose from among contemporary Christian theology those texts which served its own interests. No kidding. No history book on the subject says differently, so I'm not sure why the outcry. Perhaps it is the book's portrayal of the modern Catholic Church that has angered people. Truthfully, "The Da Vinci Code" is not so much critical of the Church as it is critical of fanaticism, both Catholic and anti-Catholic. The author is claiming that religious fanaticism, such as that espoused by Opus Dei, makes people susceptible to manipulation by those with unscrupulous agendas.<br/><br/>I have to give Dan Brown credit for being able to create the constant sense of forward motion that makes "The Da Vinci Code" a real page-turner. On the other hand, there is very little actual mystery or story in the book, even less character development, and thoroughly mundane dialogue. The characters, like everything else, exist to showcase the bizarre and controversial  conglomeration of fact and fiction that have made this novel a bestseller. I have to admire a book that gets people to read other books, though. It has inspired me to learn more about the life, times and work of Leonardo Da Vinci. Maybe it will move other readers to investigate the reality of Opus Dei, the Order of Sion, the Knights Templar, Gnosticism, the origins of modern Christianity, and what little is known of alternative early Christian theologies. I hope so. "The Da Vinci Code"'s strengths are its edge-of-your-seat pace and its references, in amongst the fiction, to some history of modern thought that readers might not have considered before. The author gets points for writing a book that introduces the reader to a world of subjects that encourage further reading. On the other hand, he loses points for using the "Priory documents" as source material, since they are widely considered to be fraudulent. Dan Brown isn't claiming that they are authentic; his characters are. But perpetuating a hoax isn't a good idea in my view. I give the novel 3 1/2 stars, bumped up to 4 to accommodate Amazon's ratings system because if you don't read it, you'll be culturally illiterate for a year ;-)
 This leviathan of inanity has generated such a tremendous amount of attention that I was suckered into reading it. After doing so, I honestly can't understand why it got any attention at all, let alone the busloads it did... it lacks both the emotional depth of even a mediocre novel and the energy of a Grade C bus-depot thriller. I honestly can't fathom why, after reading this terrible book, one would want to do anything other than try to eradicate any trace of it from one's brain. I could say that it's numbingly pedestrian, that it's deplorably ordinary, or that it's unsettlingly tiresome, but in the end what matters is that "The Da Vinci Code" is dull, dull, dull...
 This is a very great book.  Although it is fiction it does make you think.  But on the flip side to that I didn't really care for what it ended up suggesting once revealed.  Dan Brown sure has a very strong imagination and works so well for the book.  Too bad hollywood destroyed a great book.  The book is something that rivets you to keep on reading.  I lost many hours of sleep at night because it was so riveting.
 Without any doubt this was the most enthralling and gripping read I have had in years. It is a well paced thriller, in the real meanbing of the word, written by a master of his craft who has obviously done his in-depth research well. Once you suspend your disbelief about the demonstrable fantasy of the Priory of Sion, the rest falls into place in an enthralling and delightful manner. All with any interest in esoteric history, whether the serious researchers or the fans of the Holy Blood and Holy Grail, should enjoy this delightful romp through the groves of medieval obfuscation.
 Brown's novel tells a great fictional story, but it is his use of history,combined with numerous puzzles, that make this novel special. I can see how the historical theories presented would be unsettling to those who have never seriously questioned the origins of organized religion, Christian or otherwise. As is true of any great work of art, the novel left me hungry for more information and discussion of the multiple topics introduced. His ability to bring these issues to the masses in a well-researched novel is nothing short of brilliant!
 Dan Brown's The Davinci Code is one of the finest books I've read in a while. Completely enthralling, I found it impossible to put the book down. Twists and turns a plenty are found in this historical treasure hunt. Completely turned my opinion of the Bible and the Catholic Church upside down. A fascinating read that anyone would enjoy. A virtual must read.
 I was so hooked into this book I almost literally had to remind myself to breathe!  What a challenge to figure out what is going to happen ahead of time.<br/>Please, PLEASE, to all those "lookers"....DO NOT READ THE ENDING FIRST....You'll spoil it!
 Puzzling out a riddle that has mystified and confounded sages, philosophers, mystics, and kings for nearly two thousand years!<br/><br/>Tracking down the identity of the mysterious assassin who killed an elderly museum curator, then mutilated his body!<br/><br/>Avoiding being folded, spindled, and mutilated by a powerful, and brutal, secret Catholic society, jealous to keep a Church-rattling revelation in the dark!<br/><br/>Oh: And staying at least one decent French meal ahead of the French police and virtually everybody else.<br/><br/>Zut alors!---it's all in a day's work! Or it is, anyway, if you're willing to suspend your disbelief entirely---hell, man, let it fly, let it be free!---and go with the flow of Dan Brown's "Da Vinci Code", a mediocre little puzzle-book desperately in search of a film adaptation.<br/><br/>"Da Vinci" gets right to work and delves shallow into a great mystery of the Ages: what, exactly, were the Knights of the Temple of Solomon (known as the Templars when they were on the road opening up for the hot grunge band The Pope &amp; His Monks), a bunch of hairy, lonely warrior monks---well, honestly, if they weren't having keggers, what were they up to for all those years in super-secret temples and shrines on lonely islands, mountain crags, and desert oases? Did that secret have something to do with the Mother of Christ?<br/><br/>Could that secret rock the modern-day Catholic Church to its foundations? And did the very threat of a massive scandal play a role in the suspicious, brutal death and mutilation of a world-renowned Templar scholar and curator at the Louvre this very night?<br/><br/>And more importantly---will I be able to skim through the rest of "Da Vinci Code" before my plane lands at LAX?<br/><br/>So here's the guts of Da Vinci:<br/><br/>1)World famous Harvard professor and total hottie Robert Langdon gets summoned to the Louvre in the dead of night by Monsieur Bezu Fache, mysterious moustachio-twirling chief inspector of zee Paris police, or something like that.<br/><br/>2)He is told that: World Famous curator and total hottie Jacques "Boom Boom" Saunier has been perforated, with extreme prejudice, in the Grand Gallery of the Louvre, and, it appears, ritually mutilated.<br/><br/>3) Enter Mademoiselle Sophie Neveu, gifted philologist, who spirits Landon away because his life, Zut alors!---is in zee grave danger.<br/><br/>4) Everyone is menaced by an albino monk in a black cassock, precisely the sort of nefarious agent of low-profile Evil you'd want to employ if you wanted to keep an ancient secret and, well, you know, keep things on the down-low.<br/><br/>The whole tedious thing is remarkably bloodless, designed to recount the whirlwind adventures of its hero and heroine as they stay a few baguettes ahead of Le Loi and lay some massive smack down on one of the great Secrets of the Ages---with the aplomb you'd expect from a cranky geezer battering down 5-across on the latest New York Times crossword puzzle.<br/><br/>It's sort of like the Hardy Boys with a Eurailpass.<br/><br/>If you're ready to believe the great Mysteries of the Ages can be rattled off in an afternoon by a perky French philologist running on nothing but gallons of coffee and a perfume-contact high---well, hey, you'll probably dig it.<br/><br/>The deeper, darker issue here is the theological turmoil Dan Brown's little novel has aroused, particularly since "Da Vinci" is a consummate Red Eye from LA to Logan airport read, thoroughly odorless, colorless, and tasteless, and without the slightest odor of either the maleficent, heretical, or poisonous. It's about as threatening as a hairball from a small dyspeptic cat.<br/><br/>JSG
 Well written and shipped quickly.
 I'd heard a lot about this book and seeing it sitting on my brother's desk obviously meant that I HAD to pick it up. 9 hours later, at 2am in the morning I finally finished the Da Vinci Code and it was good to the last word.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code brilliantly collects together many facets of art, historical, theological and modern day symbolism and weaves them into the mysterious European setting. Many beliefs, 'facts' and theories that have been floating around for years crop up in here - from the mischieviousness of Leonardo Da Vinci manifesting in his famous paintings like the Last Supper, Madonna on the Rocks and the Mona Lisa to the multitudes of Grail Quests, origins of words like the Roman sub rosa... and even to symbolism in the Little Mermaid!!<br/><br/>I felt that though quite a few of the little factoids Brown throws together in his book ought to be taken with a grain of salt, they're nevertheless intriguing enough to have the curious and skeptical scrounging the depths of the internet and literature to uncover their truths (and un-truths).<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is ingenuous in that it is a work of fiction that for the often SEEMS to be written with the intent of being a non-fiction. Being raised a Catholic myself it's obvious that it was inevitable that the book would cause some degree of outrage and 'scandal'; but I don't doubt that Brown wrote it knowingly (perhaps a parallel to Langdon?). This book is definitely one of the best I've read and it's pages are rich with depth and knowledge, woven through with hints of the intangibal supernatural and mystique - enough to keep your mind occupied and constantly searching every time you re-read it.
 I'm a devout Christian of the Baptist faith, and blessedly have studied the bible for over twelve years; therefore, I can clearly absorb this book without any antsy feelings or anger.  It's fiction, a good read for a weekend of nights-at-home.<br/><br/>I tip my hat to Dan Brown for creating a well told story from historical and theological ideas existing in the real world:  the Priory of Scion, Da Vinci's curiously ingenious creations, the many churches along with their storied histories, the violent past of Christianity, and Opus Dei to name a few.<br/><br/>Please relax and enjoy it.  Ignore the controversy.  It reads quite well.<br/><br/>By the way, please realize that the follow-up streamlined movie cuts out a lot from the book but still plays well on the screen if no overzealous nitpicking materializes.
 The only reason this book didn't get one star is because I did actually take the time to finish it, though at a whopping 2 days it wasn't exactly a huge accomplishment.  I, like most everyone else who's read the book, did so because of the extensive word of mouth it has received.  And I must admit, the beginning did grab my attention, but that is where my praise for this novel will end.<br/>I am surprised that the same word of mouth that caused this book to be such a huge seller has not acted equally as quick to bring its sales to a grinding halt.  This work is sure to disappoint, and I truly believe that those still clinging to their belief that this is a masterful work of fiction formed that opinion before reading the prologue, well before reading the exceedingly trite ending.<br/>As mentioned in countless other reviews, the ending is ridiculous, but in addition to that, the whole novel is filled cheesy cliches befitting a low budget teeny bopper movie such as You Got Served.  Case in point, several flashbacks to Robert Langdon's Harvard classroom.  The dialogue between professor and students is so contrived and forced its vomit inducing.  Clearly Brown was trying to impart some historical context for the scene, however, these scenes were all miserable failures at an attempt to be creative.  I even kind of laughed because Robert would be in the middle of some particularly stressful moment and then all of a sudden he would remember a conversation he had with students in his classroom at Harvard...how he was surprised the dopey jock knew the answer to his tough question, the cleaver banter he had with the biology major who could only relate to the world within a biological context, and above all, the "warm feeling" that came over him reminding him "this is why I teach."  Please, has anybody in a college classroom like this?  And then after 15 pages...oh yeah! People are chasing me!  We have to figure out this puzzle, and what's up with that dead guy?  Just seemed a little ridiculous to me.<br/>In the end, you will be left wanting your 15 bucks, or your two days, or your two weeks, or whatever you invested in this book back.  Do people a favor and spread this, and some of the other reviews on here around, and let's stop wasting everybody's time.  Though I don't have much hope, because I get on the bus or the subway everyday and I always see at least two people reading this book.  It's too late for them, but we can still help others.
 I started reading this while killing an hour before going to a Fourth of July BBQ.  Well, an hour later I could not put it down... missed the BBQ, fireworks, and my beauty sleep as I stayed up until 4 AM when I finished this marvelous tale.  I immediately picked up Dan Brown's "prequel" of sorts, Angels and Demons, and spent the next day reading that.  Dan Brown has put a huge dent in my social life this last weekend but it was worth it all.  I want to marry Robert Langdon.  Can't wait for the next book!
 This book challenges everything you have been taught your whole life about religion.  Not only entertaining and heart-pouding, this book really questions the core of the readers beliefs.  I can imagine that many extremely devout Christians will be upset at this book, but God gave us free will and the ability to question.  What is amazing is that I don't know what I think of my previous definition of God anymore.  I can feel the student in me getting excited about learning again.  This is a must read!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Dan Brown shuffles the cards of questionable scholarship with the cards of a spell-binding story leaving the reader wholly uncaring as to the truth of this matter.<br/>"It is so beautiful and terrifying a story it simply MUST be true!"<br/>Of course the business of finding really useful answers in short order is key and I've found The Practical Pundit to be a quick solution to gathering my material prior to sitting down to order and write.<br/> ...]
 The Da Vinci code; a truly brilliant book filled with modern day religious icons, is a type of book that has been turned around in a mischievous way. Dan Brown, the author of this book, begins this ambitious piece of literature by centering all the main events in Paris. He also makes the plot of this whole story to revolve around a character named Sophie N., of who is supposedly the descendant of Jesus Christ. She is pursued by an insane monk, who was hired for as a cleanser from a bishop {of whom is under the reign of the "teacher"), and Sophie is accompanied by a cryptologist, Prof. Langdon. This story suggests that it is up to the both of them to reveal an ancient secret that may either disrupt or revolutionize the current religions of our time.<br/><br/>This book contains accurate information based on the reading of the bible. Unexpected events, twisted plots, and etc. help endow the fantasy of this whole story become seemingly true; though it technically isn't. Secret societies, Mary Magdalene being married to Jesus, and the Holy Grail being a woman is just one of Dan Brown's many ways of affecting the human psyche into thinking as if this story were actually true. This book influences me to solve what's out there, and not to bury myself into the religious-slurs and etc. from what this book is. This book is not supposed to revolutionize the world's religion but rather revolutionize the world's intellectual curiosity; especially in the fields of entertainment.
 I just got this book less than a month ago and i finished it within a week, balancing my time from work and other household responsibilities to soak my mind with this masterpiece. No, you cannot take this book as the holy gospel, and if you are swayed by this book, your faith is truely weak to begin with. Though as a man who is interested in the truth, i am now very interested in the topic this book covers. The true Holy Grail, and the "cover up" that was posed by Constantine centuries after the death of Christ.<br/>Back to the book, the story itself is so captivating that it keeps you glued to the pages for hours at a time. Though some of the escapes and plot twists took me aback as perhaps a bit too coincidental for reality to really hold true, a reader need to see past that to see the genius at work. The cyptic nature of the puzzles and the scientific brilliance that is Da Vinci is enough to addict a curious mind to the outcome of this story, and once the finale comes and goes, you only wish there was more.<br/>For those of you who are exploring Dan Brown for the first time (like me), my next suggestion would be Angels and Demons, which is the first adventure of the main character in The Da Vinci Code.<br/>If this book can single handedly grip me, a man with little time to spare, imagine what it can do to you. I warn, before you start this book, cancel any plans you had for the next few days...else you might be fashionably late...if you show up at all.
 The most clever novel I've read in yesrs!  Brown has created a labyrinthine plot full of suspense, style, and damned good writing.  If you read only one book this week, make it The Da Vinci Code.
 A nice story idea, but so so badly executed.  He tries to create a sense of high drama by resorting to hyperbole.  His characters swing from sullen, to grinning, to suspicious to astounded over basically nothing, all within the same two sentences.  Over and over again.  This is a new low.  The worst book I've ever read.
 I think a true example of a talented author is one who can deliver a serious message while wrapping it inside a most entertaining story.  Dan Brown has achieved exactly that.  This is the best mystery novel I have read in sometime, and the revelations that Brown submits are fascinating.  It has encouraged me to study Da Vinci, The Bible, The Templar Knights and everything Renaissance.  This is one book that everyone, especially Christians, need to read.  The story DOES NOT lag in the middle, that is where all the good stuff is.  I promise you will not de disappointed.
 This novel is written rather dryly but is intriguing enough to keep the reader hooked. It is actually quite fascinating. You may also want to do some actual historical research on many of the topics it references and alludes to. Importantly the reader should never forget that this is a work of fiction but expertly presented.
 Wonderful book for a long drive. Not too technical or complicated. Good pacing with several twists and turns. It kept us guessing to the very end. We put the first CD in the player and waited in the driveway after we got home to hear the ending.
 Read this book several years ago and just read it again. Still totally love it!
 Although it seems old hat to us now, and hardly anything comes out that surprises or shocks us anymore, this book took the world by storm when it was published. I believe it was the horrible movie that wore off its novelty with how it's been played to death.
 The Da Vinci Code is the best book I've read in a while. It evolves from a simple murder myster to a race for the Holy Grail. Dan Brown does an excellent job of implementing art and history theories into the plot. This book is much more complex and thought-provoking than most of today's popular books. I highly recommend this book to everyone.<br/>Oh, one more thing. I'm a Catholic, and I had no problem with this book. I find it amusing that there are so many Catholics on this site that are horribly offended by this book. Lighten up, people. It's not like Dan Brown assassinated the pope.
 Here's a riddle. We need a five letter word for an orb: "It speaks of rosy flesh and seeded womb".<br/>If you think this is easy, you will not like this book. Unless you like to feel smarter than the best code breakers on earth.<br/>In the end, I felt cheated. Should be good for high school kids, though.
 Look, to all the bloody Christians out there, I say STOP WHINGING and pretending to be so devout by being offended by this book! What would be so bad about Jesus being married anyway? Mohammed was married, you know! And what's more, this book shows up just how arrogant and bigoted Christianity is because it focusses on the man and the male. What's so wrong about female divinity anyway? Dan makes a very good point, amongst many others, that the bible was written by humans, and what's more MALE humans. Of course it is going to reflect the interests of the church and the power it weilded over people! Develop a thicker skin or just pretend that the book doesn't exist if you want to bury your heads in the sand and hide from the truth!
 The Da Vinci Code was phenomenal!  There is nothing not to like!  The perfect blend of suspense, action, history, conspiracy and theology, The Da Vinci Code has it all.  Once you have read the first paragraph of The Da Vinci Code, you will not be able to put it down.  The Da Vinci Code is not just any mystery book, but is the mystery book.  Dan Brown goes where few will, and challenges the church with unbelievable research.  Brown is the king of enigma.  The more I read, the more I had to read.<br/> When the elderly Jacques Saunière (curator at Le Louvre) is murdered he leaves behind a number of anagrams, puzzles and codes.  Robert Langdon, a Harvard symbologist, and Sophie Nuevue, a cryptologist and the granddaughter of Jacques Saunière, are paired together to solve the crime.  The two go from fugitives to heroes as they go on an action packed quest for the Holy Grail.<br/> The Da Vinci Code is a great read for anyone who is into suspense, or anyone who isn't.  I would recommend this book for anyone who is up for the long nights of "just one more chapter".  If there were any flaws in this book, I failed to see them because I was too busy reading.  I give The Da Vinci Code a ten out of ten!
 One of the most interesting and engrossing books I have seen in a long while. Dan Brown's research is phenomenal. Opus Dei took it seriously enough to mention it on their website so he ruffled a few feathers.<br/>The book says you can make 62 English words out of PLANETS...<br/>I am up to 47.<br/>I recommend this highly.
 Don't start this book late one night and expect to be able to close it up and go to sleep any time soon.It's a great book, full of fascinating historical information plus a cool plot and lots of fun codes-and-word games.<br/>Silas the albino monk is one of the more interesting "is he good or is he bad or is he crazy or is he simply misguided?" characters I have read in quite a while.
 This book made me question some of the core aspects of Christianity.  While it is a book of fiction, it does get you thinking.  While I don't recommend that anyone read this book as fact, it is a good starting point to consider a different point of view.  Dan Brown is a fantastic writer who combines suspense with historical fiction in a seamless manner.  It's definitely a page-turner, with new surprises in every chapter.  I read the book in 2 sittings, only because I had to leave the house to run errands!
 This book has everything you need.  Excitement, mystery, plot twists, and narrow escapes.  I definitely had to spend some time with Google while reading this book to keep track of what is real and what isn't.  Brown is a talented writer.
 Amazon chose to ignore my earlier review, but buyers/readers still need warning.  This is a badly crafted, poorly written book.  However, if you must read it to see what all the fuss is about, lower you expectations to rock bottom.  Then ask yourself, how do these things get on the bestseller lists anyway?
 This is simply one the best books I've ever read and it has become one of my favorites.<br/>Once I began reading this extraordinary book, I could not put it down. "The Da Vinci Code" has extraordinary descriptions of places and characters. As soon as I began reading this book I was inside a wonderful world of increasing intrigue and mystery. This book even encouraged me to do my own research about Da Vinci's life and about the places and paintings described. This is a book I'll never forget.
 Really fast read.  Great airport book.  Pick it up, get interested, and have something to read for the next couple of hours. But it's full of NOTHING.  There area few tid bits that are fun food for thought, but even those are run over an over and over again like a bad joke.  The two main characters are experts on symbols and codes...but you wouldn't know it unless you had been told.  Every other line is "It was so easy, I should have seen it before!"  Then the bad guy...it sounds like Dan couldn't figure out who he wanted for the bad guy until he was forced to show him.  Awful.  Most of the book was sitting and listening to information.  Lecture lecture lecture.  RUN FROM THE BAD GUYS.  Lecture lecture lecture.  RUN FROM THE BAD GUYS.  Lecture lecture lecture.  And most every chapter ended like this..."It's time I tell you the trueth." Then you would have to wait  four chapters to find out.  That's how Dan infuses a book with suspense that wouldn't normaly have any.
 The excellent way Brown leaves cookie-crumb style clues are worth the read alone.  Add the scandle-of-the-ages subtext, and this is a weekend "finish at all costs" adventure.
 Wow 1 for indepth development of the characters; Wow 2 for a marvelous plot contrived of fiction and truth and a whole lot of research; Wow 3 for page turning events that consumed me from the moment I bought the book; Wow 4 for suspending any sense of reality I previously felt and replacing it with wanting to find the tomb; and Wow 5 for wanting to tell everyone I know who likes a good read about it and get them to read it so we could join in the quest. I have ordered the rest of his books and can't wait to read them. Couldn't have been better.
 Overall a good read, it goes by very quickly and can turn into a page turner.  Unlike some other "page turners" this one does require the reader to pay close attention to figure out the case.  Some of the aspects of the book were a bit of a let down as they were rather predictable, but probably seemed more so because of the unexpected twists and turns the Brown offers.  A good book if you are on the road and want something to read at the airport.
 I first read the da Vinci code when published, a few years ago. I really did enjoy it.<br/>As I felt like reading it again, I bought on Kindle store and read on my device.<br/>What a disappointment: the e-version / new version (?) is quite different from the first published: many things have been either changed or deleted.<br/>What happened ?<br/>Has the novel been censored ? and why ?
 I can only chuckle at the hysteria of those who hated this book.  It's not great literature but your not going to find many more thought provoking reads on the mass market. To those who cry blasphemy, thanks, you've made this book more enjoyable.
 To start with, "The Da Vinci Code" is a thriller through and through. The writing is as formulaic and hackneyed as your average thriller, though clearly no one cares about this. Characters are one-dimensional, the plot is too convenient, the chapter set-up is annoying at best - what I'm getting at is simple. The book should not be read if you are looking for a literary novel about the early Catholic Church and the Holy Grail. Nor should it be read if you are looking for an intelligent read. I say go in looking for ideas to research later.<br/>The meat of the book is the controversy surrounding Brown's view of the Holy Grail. His theory, one certainly not new, concerns the possibly marriage between Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene, their offspring, the early Catholic Church's persecution of Mary and the centuries' long fight to preserve the bloodline of Jesus and Mary.  Valid ideas? Eh. They are supported by a variety of sources (not given) and symbols<br/>Supposedly the Gnostic Gospels and Dead Sea Scrolls support this claim, with some loose interprations and evidence contrary to the printed Gospels. Also, the (somewhat) recently discovered history of the Priory of Sion (an old French secret society), its ties to the Knights Templar (and Masons) and the hidden imagery in select Leonardo Da Vinci's paintings are supposed to shed more light on an otherwise murky subject. Brown uses a bevy of symbology to link everything together, and while for the layman this is dangerous, he has no regard for the layman.<br/>Your average person doesn't know much about ancient symbology and if you read this book and fall into that category, you'll probably be swayed to believe all he says is true. That's where the danger lies in symbology, especially ancient symbology. One of the central keys to said field is the iconic image, like the cross, the smiley face, even Superman's 'S'. Brown uses old icons - these images that are meant to have broad meanings; the smiley face is the best example of an icon anyone relate to because of its simplicity - to bolster his new claim. An upward wedge (^) is masculine, and is historically so (check a book of symbology) and a downward wedge (v) is feminine, again something we know as fact. Ancient societies used these two symbols for male and female and Brown would have us believe they are the only ancient male and female symbols, but that is beside the point (obelisks and lone pillars, people!). Combined they make the Star of David, and you probably wonder why I am mentioning all of this but there is a point - the Star of David is the combination of two triangles, one reaching to God, one to Earth. That is its historical significance. Brown's modern interpretation (a supposed revelation) based on the aforementioned ancient symbols (^ and v) is bad history; when you know why an icon or symbol was created, you don't then force other history onto them.<br/>Unfortunately, he doesn't give this interpretation of the Star of David, only his own, supported by no texts, which leads me to what for the sake of length, I'll make my last criticism. I feel Brown should've written a critical analysis of the Holy Grail, Jesus, the Priory of Sion and Mary Magdalene, not a muder myster/thriller. Even still, he should've inculded a bibliography (annoted would help also) so we can leave the book and check his sources. As it stands, he gives us supposed facts and expects us to swallow them whole, which the layman reader will. To me, his book rests on the shoulders of the work of dozens of others, and while there is an acknowledgement, there is no list of sources.<br/>All right I lied. One more thing - I found the book engaging and it forced me to remember old things learned in history classes and read. I'd previously paroused the Gnostic Gospels, and from what I found they enhance the published Christian writings, perhaps amend or alter a few things, but past that are merely the extended teachings of Jesus. I didn't see them as he did - damning to Christianity (or our perception of it). Anyway, what I mean to say is the Dan Brown is not a reliable author (I apologize for my tangents). The man has a passion for what he is writing about, but he also has a deep seated hatred for the Catholic Church and while I don't agree with them all the time, it's my opinion that they are generally trying to do good. Even in the beginning; but Brown cannot accept that and (together with Angels and Demons) villifies the church and the greater Christian religion with little evidence. That's not good writing. One of the basic questions a writer has to ask himself at the end of a book is, "Is this responsible?" (or perhaps, am I responsible for it/in writing it?) I do not believe he even stopped to consider, instead barreling ahead because, like he says about the Catholic Church, he has an agenda.<br/>I do not see why this is a bestseller, from a logical standpoint. Poor writing + religious controversy shouldn't equal a best selling novel, but.... People can look past the writing to the ideas, and that is what this book is about. But should you pay attention to and then accept them when the author writes in such an irresponsible manner? That is for you to decide. But please, for me, if you are engaged as I was and don't know anything about what you've read, go to your library or bookstore or here and find other books on the topic from authors on both sides of the idea. Don't let this mediocre fiction sell you ill-conceived fact.
 I just finished reading this book and I was enthralled from the very beginning. It took me a little more than 4 days to read it because of my busy schedule. This book is quite a mystery book and delves deeply into religious issues especially the always controversial Catholic Church. As I read the book, I couldn't help but wonder "Is it possible?" and "What if this is real?" I knew deep in my heart though that this was a work of fiction; none the less, the reader is pulled into the work and made to seem as if the story IS real and that there has been a conspiracy for all these years. To all those, especially the Catholic Church, who hated this work, you need to realize that this was a STORY...a work of FICTION. Let me further elaborate: FICTION is describing imaginary people and events, sometimes even places. Get over it and grow up.
 Those readers/listeners interested in an audio version of the da Vinci code should avoid product.  There are at least six female characters voiced in this version -- and I am quite sure these are male readers dubbing a poor feminine (French accent) voice.  The voices are so egregiously appalling as to distract from the content.  The producers didn't respect the buyer enought to hire real women!  Avoid this abridged CD version or you will have a five hour road trip from hell...
 Since the time of creation humankind has searched in vain for answers to our earthly existence and fate beyond the grave. In the beginning, primitive societies worshipped rocks, the spirits of the dead, ridiculous deities and so on. In 2006 nothing has changed. We continue to contrive answers to eons old questions while allowing religious and literary opportunists to fill up their pockets on account of secular emptyheadedness.<br/><br/>Humankind lacks the capacity to satisfy these questions, so we either choose to have faith in Divine Providence or fall prey to mind manipulators. The success of the Da Vinci Code is not due to literary or artistic merits but to people searching for answers in the wrong direction. Nothing is sacred anymore.<br/><br/>Andrew J. Rodriguez<br/>Award-winning author: "Adios, Havana," a Memoir.
 The Da Vinci Codes is quite simply put, a page turner. Not only does it show Dan Browns talent as a masterful story teller, but the entire book is intricately laced with fine research and astounding facts. Even if you aren't the type to enjoy intellectual pieces such as this, the story is still enthralling and may just open your eyes. After reading this, I began delving deeper into the theory of Mary Magdalene and the holy grail. I was never a history buff but this is just too good. I highly recommend it.
 Readers ought to allow this book to nudge them to learn more about all the (otherwise unrelated) threads that Dan Brown used to weave this interesting tapestry.  This is fiction (meaning that it isn't true) so you can enjoy it (or not) without accepting a single word of it as truth.  Possibly because of my own deep religious convictions and because I have always tried to found those convictions on evidence and careful investigation, this fiction held my attention from the beginning.  I do not understand those who would ban it.  It does not contain dangerous and scary ideas to be outlawed.  In fact, it would seem that those who want to believe the truth (that which accords with reality) would want to explore alternative explanations and all logical possibilities before settling on any particular belief.  The mentality that one should just believe what he or she has been raised to believe and close ones eyes to all other possibilities is much more dangerous than The Da Vinci Code, an interesting work of fiction.  Truth bears up under close scrutiny.  The "fictional facts" that this book weaves together so creatively do not bear up and one would not demand that of them in this work of fiction any more than one would demand that the creator of Harry Potter must show Hogwarts on a map and prove, scientifically, that certain boys and girls can fly on brooms.<br/>This book will have a very positive effect if it puts in motion a spirit of genuine inquiry from which the truth can never suffer.
 I'm glad I read on after the first review to find other people did not take this to be a possible true revelation of biblical fact.  This is indeed a suspense thriller but nothing more.  Read and enjoy, but if you put any belief in this as the true answer to the Holy Grail I have some swampland in Florida to sell you.
 I picked up this book after hearing a lot of hype about it, and it proved once again that you should not believe everything you hear.  While the book has an intriguing premise, it is one an altogether original one nor does Dan Brown make it very interesting.  His characters are not very interesting, and they don't seem especially bright for people with supposedly "brilliant minds" (when the reader is a few chapters ahead of the characters in a suspence...things are pretty bad).<br/>All in all, this was a poorly written book with poorly drawn characters with a plot we've all read before.  Find something else to read.
 Seriously. I mean, all I did was ask him if he'd read this book because, you know, everybody's talking about it. And I figured, I mean, the guy wears some pretty weird clothes, he's got a crazy accent, what could we really have in common, right? That whole trout-fishing topic was pretty much the original non-starter. Ditto when I asked him if he missed "Friends." I mean, that was an awesome show, right? Total blank stare.<br/><br/>Well, I waited for, like, six months for this private audience, and I haven't come all the way from the U S of A--where the AC actually works, thank you very much, and you don't have to pay for a coffee refill--to just have him roll his eyes and look at his watch. Totally didn't bother to hide it. I want to pick his brain, and then maybe ask him to pose for a couple photos. But then I just try to break the ice one last time and the vibe gets all weird.<br/><br/>And talk about weird, check out the eyes on this guy who's his admin assistant or something. They're just about the reddest things I ever saw. Looks like somebody was hitting the sacramental wine pretty hard last night. Wait a sec...AAAAH! Albino assassins! Save me! I.....
 I listened to the book on tape of the Di Vinci Code. I thought the tape was very well done.<br/><br/>I found the characters very interesting, and the plot fast-paced with alot of interesting twists. Maybe a few to many plot twists, towards the end it was getting like a wild-goose-chase and I was wondering if the book was ever going to end.<br/><br/>The book held my interest. And I found alot of the religious references really interesting as well, but remember it is fiction. This is a good work of fiction to read if you really want to be completely captivated by the plot and characters.
 THIS is the book everyone's talking about?  You're kidding me.  I've read at least a dozen mystery/thrillers this year better than THE DA VINCI CODE.  The plot - about a religious sect seeking to keep an ancient secret hidden - comes right out of a Saturday morning cartoon.  And the characters are about as believable as an honest politician.  I saw where the story was going from the first couple of chapters - most intelligent readers will too.  It just goes to show you that popularity isn't everything.<br/>Antelope Jones
 This is a typical Dan Brown novel. That said, it was a good book, fun to read, even thought-provoking. The 1 star ratings on here for the book are clearly written by people offended by the material.<br/><br/>If it didn't center around Catholicism it would be rather forgettable. What it will do is make you re-think some of the things you were probably taught to believe as a child, including whether Jesus was truly divine or just a charismatic man whose followers managed to start a very successful religion.<br/><br/>I tend to believe Jesus was just flesh and blood, nothing magical about him. The book's message seems to push that idea. It also casts a light on the dark past of the Catholic Church and its calculated attempts to keep its power. Dan Brown does a good job of showing just how ruthless the Church has been to maintain its grip over its followers.<br/><br/>If you're afraid of new ideas that might make you question your faith or you're not strong enough to withstand pointed criticism in a fictional format, you're better off not reading this novel.  However, if some history, conspiracy, and fast action are what you like you could do much worse than The Da Vinci Code.
 There's not a soul in the world who would regret this purchase!  It was a great book to read even without the illustrations, but WITH the illustrations deems this book positively captivating!  Having the pictures included ensures that all references made by Dan Brown are right there at your fingertips.  And contrary to the reason many people avoid The Da Vinci Code, this book enlightens without attempting to destroy one's belief in the Almighty.  I could (and will) read this book over and over!
 I purchased this book because a few of my friends told me that it's "The best book ever" and other such comments.  I should have read these reviews first...  Apparently, those who do not know what it means to be a great book tend to over-rate anything they actually read.  As the other reviews have said, you will finish this book quickly because it is very fast paced.  And it does have some interesting parts.  But, in general, the story is completely ridiculous, which makes it very unsatisfying.  I also find it to be shallow.  If you read books for cheap entertainment value, read this one.
 WOW! If you're in the mood for a few cheap thrills -- this book will certainly provide it. There's not much character development, but the pacing and plotting of the narrative is so tight, it's like a literary equivalent of Raiders of the Lost Ark! I've never been propelled through a novel so quickly in my life! Truly a fun, fast read! Take a moment to enjoy it! Other recent Amazon purchases I enjoyed: Life Of Pi, The Losers' Club by Richard Perez.
 I could not put this book down.  The mysteries just kept building up and up to the exciting climax.  Dan Brown kept my attention from start to finish.  His grasp of symbology and cryptology tied everything together in a neat package.  The characters were believable.  My husband was so enthused about "The Da Vanci Code" that he read this book in record time.  He especially enjoyed the way Mr. Brown incorporated technical features throughout the book.
 The Da Vinci Code is like no other book I have read. Its been beautifully crafted by an amazing author name Dan Brown. Dan Brown really grabbed my attention by showing how well researched his book is. He has stunned me by showing how well he can develop characters, so many twists, and so much action in the course of a day. The Da Vinci Code boldly marches into the grounds of religious symbology, secret brotherhoods, and science only to mesmerize the reader with information and mind-blowing code.
 I love good fiction, and the Da Vinci code is just that.  It brings up a lot of issues that most people are just too frigtened to look into.  ONe of them is that, maybe, just maybe, Jesus was a human being who lived like a human being!<br/>I also like the idea of there being a conspiracy, since one of the best books on the subject of Christianity is "The Christ Conspiracy," which I think everybody should read.<br/>Hey, it might not go so far as we'd like it to, but the Da Vinci Code is sure a start to findiung out the truth about religion.<br/>Wake up everybody!
 Good read. Dan Brown creates a sense of mystery and intrigue with this novel. I read it a few years back, when it first came out, and I would probably read it again if I had the time. I like being able to put the pieces of puzzles together and follow the main characters while they do the same.
 I bought into the hype over this book and approached it quite eagerly as it promised intrigue and devious puzzles and carefully researched history. Boy, was I disappointed!  Dan Brown's writing is annoyingly repetitious (how many times does he use the phrase "the sacred feminine"?)  He also has the irritating habit of telling the reader that he is withholding information just to make the reader wait.  It's one thing to withhold information; it;s another to tell you it's happening.  The former can lead to well-crafted suspense. The latter is just a crude attempt to be suspenseful.  And the puzzles that are supposed to be so clever are pretty obvious - simple anagrams and basic ciphers.<br/>This is all compounded by the awful narration of Paul Michael who drones on and on with but a modicum of inflection.  Even at the most harrowing moments (there are a few anyway) he never communicates any sense of danger or excitement; just a matter-of-fact recitation of Brown's prose.
 This guy knows his stuff, this is my second book about Robert Langdon, Angels and Demons was first. I loved it! Dan Brown is the writer of the moment! I could not put down the first or  the second!<br/>Read it!
 Well worth it now if you can borrow it; otherwise wait for paper. Readable because the ideas are interesting and well presented, but the characters are sketchy and the author's style lacks polish.
 Short chapters (about 100), twists and turns, cliffhangers and one dimensional characters in a plot that winds around a premise so artificially taut that eventually you feel like you have been catapulted  back in time to a black and white Hardy Boys movie matinee. Cheap thrills, mystery, intrigue...but none of it comes together in any satisfactory fashion. Save your money.
 This book is more a compendium of Mr. Brown's considerable research of his subject than a compelling novel of fiction.  The protagonists' quest is formula, and I knew who "the Teacher" was very early in the book.  Dialog seemed stilted, as well.<br/>Methinks not nearly as much a thriller as advertised.
 A great book. I finished it in only a month because I just couldn't put it down. If you are offended by false representations of Christianity and historical errors, don't buy it. But if you want a book that is a real page turner and will keep you guessing until the end, this is the book for you.
 My husband bought this book for me out of no where, and mentioned that I might like it. I am not a big mystry book reader but WOW, this book was great. I could hardly put it down. From the first page to the last it captivated me. It makes you look at what you think you know in a completley new way. It was an easy read but the twists and turns really kept you interested. Characters were great too. I am going to go buy another Dan Brown book ASAP!
 Dan Brown is more than an excellent writer, who fully develops his characters' personalities, which by the way is not boring!<br/>Nor is his detailed descriptions of historical information.  If you are bored by this or any of his other books, you  either already know everything there is to know, are unimaginative and unwilling to learn about new ideas.  Enjoy the book for what is it - a fascinating murder mystery in a unique setting that includes both fact and fiction.  I recommend all Dan Brown's books as I learned some wonderfully interesting technology, political ideology, and even computer programming from them.  The excitement never stops and once you've started it you'll have to read all the way to end non-stop!!
 Boy, was I disappointed with this book after all the hype around it. Its pulp-fiction, airport novel narrative plods along with a 1001 unlikely and unconvincing conspiracies. Its characters are generic and stereotyped. Its thematic base of a massive cover-up by the Catholic Church concerning "The Truth" as regards Jesus Christ grates endlessly due to the breathless but lecturing way it's presented. The book, while claiming to be based on historical fact, is actually full of endless silly codes, less than mysterious mysteries and historical inacurracies: are we really meant to believe that Jesus was just considered a man by all Christians until the Council of Nicea decided otherwise? Has Brown even bothered to read the Epistles or the book of Revelation? Even a casual acquaintance with the New Testament makes his book seem just silly - fiction or not. As for the climax - the soppy, new-agey "revelation" of what the Holy Grail really is (it's not actually anything; just another quasi-religious statement) - it was about as revealing and enlightening as the weekly shopping list. Honestly, I can't understand why this book has caused so much intrigue and fascination; Brown's ideas aren't even original for goodness' sake and his writing skills leave a heck of a lot to be desired.
 This book is one of the best books I ever have read! The movie was good too but the book is much better!
 I found myself thinking of Umberto Eco's book, "Foucaults's Pendulum" as I read The DaVinci Code. The plot is certainly not original, but a variation of Eco's work, at least for me. I am a fan of Da Vinci, and checked out the story for that reason, but Eco had the main idea first.
 I enjoyed the religious revisionist subject matter more than the story. However, pawning off a Templar tale (Priory of Sion &amp; Magdalene myth) as historical fact detracted from its factual basis (Christianity as a Roman invention). Maybe Dan was duped. I know I have been. It's not too difficult to be fooled with all the spurious research material floating around. Here are several relevant and worthwhile reads: 'Christ Conspiracy,' 'Brotherhood of the Sun' and 'Golden Thread of Time.'<br/><br/>Good hunting!
 You know a book is bad when you can put it down with only 10 pages left.<br/><br/>Never again will I read a book just to see what all the fuss is about.<br/><br/>The popularity of this book shows the devastating impact reality TV has had on the intellect of the masses.<br/><br/>Most people will watch anything and read so little that books like this become best sellers.<br/><br/>Seriously, that was terrible.<br/><br/>Don't do it.
 I enjoyed the provocative information about the Magdalene but it was spoiled by a mediocre "who dunnit."  The killer (big psycho guy, lacking melanin) was something I'd have attributed to Monty Python. I recommend borrowing it from a friend or the library.
 The Da Vinci Code opens in Paris at Louvre Museum where renowned curator Jacques Sauniere runs through his museum trying to get away from Silas, an albino monk with a mission. Jacque's escape is unsuccessful and he ends up murdered. Before his death he manages to leave a cryptic message for his granddaughter Sophie Neveu, a cryptologist. She believes solving the message will lead her to her grandfather's murderer but what she learns will change her life forever. Regrettably the message includes the name of Robert Langton, a symbologist.<br/><br/>Robert is called in by the police where he's led through the last moments of Jacques life until the beautiful Sophie appears saying she has a message for him. While she occupies the inspector Robert dials a number Sophie gave him which strangely goes to her personal email. Stranger still is the message she leaves him. He's the prime suspect in Jacques murder and she has a plan to get him out of the museum, past the police and through the embassy doors.<br/><br/>Instead of taking the easy way out and hiding under the shield of diplomatic immunity Robert decides to help Sophie crack the secret message her grandfather left which in tern leads to another message and another. Each time giving them insight into her grandfather's secret life with the Priory of Sion a secret religious society which supposedly involved such members as Sir Issac Newton, Botticelli and most importantly the great artist Leonardo DaVinci. During their hunt for the truth they don't know who to trust or who to believe. All they have is one another.<br/><br/>By the time I got around to reading this book most of the hype around The DaVinci Code had died down. This was a gift from my sister-in-law so not necessarily a book I would have bought myself.<br/><br/>The characters were enjoyable, the story line was easy to follow and it was entertaining. There may be a few new concepts raised about the Grail and religion but really nothing strikingly new but then again it is a work of fiction and I didn't read it expecting to find some new revelation. I read it for the entertainment value, which it definitely has.<br/><br/>I enjoyed working on the mini mysteries as Sophie and Robert followed the clues her grandfather left them. The search for these clues are what move the story along. The character interludes are like commercials some are good some are not. Brown's depiction of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals are believable and leave a lasting impression and spark curiosity for further research. I was also impressed with his portrayal of women.<br/><br/>What I didn't like was the repetitiveness of some of the scenes. When Brown switched from one character's perspective to another he would repeat information given in the previous scene; as the story picked up momentum this lessened.<br/><br/>Overall, I was entertained. Is it worth reading? You bet but only for its entertainment value.
 I read this book on the recommendation of a professional acquaintance.  It was poorly written and substantively odious.  I am tempted to recount the book's astonishingly vast number of factual errors, but for the most part they have been adequately digested in other reviews.  The book's worst element, however, is the obvious bigotry oozing from its pages.  Bottom line: If you liked the "Protocols of the Elders of Zion," you'll love "The Da Vinci Code."  Or perhaps more disturbingly, if you liked "The Da Vinci Code," you'll love "The Protocols...."
 Which is why I bought this book. It does have a strong start, and at first, I thought that it was going to be very good. But, the self-conscious writing style, the short chapters (which give the book a newspaper feel), the annoying habit the author has of obviously withholding information, and the awkward dialogue combine to make this a very tedious read. In fact, I lost interest about halfway through.....just about the time my plane was ready to board.<br/>If you're curious about this book, wait for the paperback.
 In short I wish I could give negative stars for this book. For someone who is trying to "expose" things, the author gets several of his so called "facts" wrong. First Constantine did not make Christianity the official religion of the Empire, he merely LEGALIZED it, his successor Theodosius made it the official religion. Second, SOPHIA is spelled with a ph in Greek, attic or otherwise, not with F as it is Latin. Finally, the ending was both predictable and nonsensical. He spends about oh, 300 pages establishing the DCPJ chief as the "Teacher" then about 20 pages near the end decides no wait, i'll make it Teabing because that just seems cooler. He's been watching THE SUBSITUTE and many other movies that have this hackneyed plot device too many times. As a professor of ancient and medieval history, Brown has done a grave disservice to my profession. While one would think that it should end with this, it doesn't. In future I will be forced to teach students who have read this tripe and believe it was real or that the author did any reasearch outside of a 100 level course textbook. One more thing, Saturnalia was the ancient festival of Saturn, one of the Titans who did not die and come back to life after five days, the five days refer to the lag time between the end and the beginning of the Roman political calender. It was also the festival of about every other eastern deity. I hope Catholic bashing goes out of style soon and its very sad that Brown will profit from both this book and the future movie which will be spawned by Satan himself. But im sure WICCA will love this one
 I am amazed that no other reviewer has even commented on the shockingly incongruent battle scene involving Langdon, Sophie and the sinister Father Fabrizio Canteloppi, the nunchuk wielding Bishop of Barcelona.<br/><br/>Why did author Dan Brown include this highly unusual battle sequence in the first place?  It serves no purpose, it is quite confusing and there is absolutely no resolution or further mention of it at the novel's completion.  A loose end that was never tied up in this reviewer's highly qualified opinion.<br/><br/>During a break in the novel's action, Langdon and Sophie are hastily consuming common American food fare and American champagne (Coca-Cola) in one of their ubiquitous golden arched restaurants that spoils our otherwise pristine city of Paris.  They are suddenly, savagely and quite inexplicably attacked by Canteloppi, nunchuks a-flying.  How revolting.<br/><br/>Did Brown really need to write nearly six pages of mind-bogglingly detailed descriptions of the ensuing carnage?  Pickles flying, people screaming, battered lettuce strewn everywhere, abused condiments staining patron's clothing and several innocent bystanders being horrifically pummeled by flying fried potato slivers?  Was this all necessary?  I think not.<br/><br/>Had this been a film, no doubt the sinister Father Fabrizio Cantelloppi would have had mismatched American dubbed dialogue over his sonorous Italian voice.  The residents of the forty-eight contiguous states of North America will read anything apparently.<br/>Two stars for featuring our gorgeous city of lights as the bastion of superior culture that it truly is.
 I was thoroughly entertained by this work.  I don't care much about the debates over accuracy or religious viewpoints.  In the end, I found the story to be thrilling and the plot to be compelling.  That is enough for me, for now.
 I usually like my murder mysteries under 300 pages, so when Dan Brown stuffed 200 pages of repetitive mumbo-jumbo about the Crusades and Opus Dei and double-secret Roman Catholic societies into his muted thriller, he lost me. I had to finish the book for my discussion group, but the effort didn't pay off. I tip my hat to him for finding a formula that sells 60 million books plus, but I don't think the Da Vinci Code will be an enduring read. There's nothing wrong with having a gimmick and he's wrapped a decent read around this one. Don't confuse it it with a) literature b) history or c) religious revelation.
 Wow this book is stellar!<br/>From the day I bought Dan Browns newest novel The Davinci Code I have had a new out look on novels. I used to read books only for assignments in school, but never for enjoyment. After the first chapter this riveting novel grabbed a hold of me and I could not put it down! It starts off with a murder; Professor Robert Langdon (who is in Paris for a lecture) is called to help investigate this murder which leads to suspense and suprises beyond your imagination.
 This book is excellent. It usually takes me a while to finish a book but I have almost finish it in just a couple of weeks. I saw the movie before reading the book so I had a heads up on the plot and certain events in the book but it still kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time.
 Very good fictional story.  I loved the way Dan Brown brings together fact with fiction and makes a truly entertaining story that is sure to keep you on the edge of your seat.  If you are interested in religious history you will truly find this book fasinating.
 This is an exceptional read.  For anyone who loves history and conspiracy book this is the ultamite story for you.<br/>I can't say enough about this book I am going out today to buy all his other works in hopes there half as good.  I bought this book yesterday and wasn't able to put it down until I finished it.<br/>I want to say so much about this book but don't want to devulge any of the book to ruin it for you.<br/>GO BUY THIS BOOK!
 I just wrote a very in-depth review of the book, and my computer deleted it when i previewed it (and by the way, im not incompetent when it comes to computers).  Anyway, i'll sum up what i said in one sentence:  The book was good, considering i don't tend to like mystery thrillers, though i was annoyed at the astounding assumptions and conclusions made by Langdon and Sophie, which tended to make the book somewhat unrealistic and idealistic.
 Funny to me how a book that everyone swore by became too popular, and now everyone slams it.  While I agree that it is not the best written book, the story is so much fun and I am impressed by Dan Brown's imagination.
 For several years I researched the Sangreal and the "tale" of Mary Magdalene to come to the same conclusions as within this book. I met with the same resistance from my priest, went through much self growth, and acceptance of the feminine that I've never had before because of this research.  Here, in a fictional story, what I perceive to be a truth frames the action.  How exciting to look up the paintings all over again, revisit some of my research notes, and play along with the author of this book! A real suspenseful, fast paced surprise ending. Highly recommend!
 Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code<br/><br/>Many things bothered me about this novel. I am not an avid reader of thrillers, but I felt misinformed by the success of this story. Robert Langdon is a series, which readers should know before venturing in. The writing is fast-paced, accented by concise chapters which is the magic of the novel. It keeps you intrigued and hungering for more, answers are few, the research is apparent in every page. The character "as a paper cup" development as told by an Entertainment Weekly reviewer is obvious. I didn't really know WHO Robert Langdon was besides the facts: Harvard-trained symbologist. Nearing the end, I could sense the author struggling to tie loose-ends very much like the surprise twist of the character (and a CHARACTER indeed) Sir Leigh Teabing, an eccentric millionaire whose lies shall become (to us readers) the most delicious truth revealed in the story. This is the problem I had with the novel, it is a giant hook, sequel is written all over the final chapters. I suspect Dan Brown had no idea how successful this phenomenon would be, which of course surprises us all. While partly educational, he describes locations in Europe vividly, however, the bullet (an mystery) that races throughout the novel, is lost from our sigh at the last page.
 I am amazed at how many people feel they need to write an essay when the review books.  I absolutely loved this book!  It is exciting and suspenseful.  Yes it does stretch the imagination to buy into the description of the Holy Grail but so what?  I am a strong Catholic and I think Dan did a great job of expanding my mind.
 This book is a marvalous story with twists and turns around every page.  There are twists that change the book every moment.  The story makes you think and it makes you contridict the things the Catholic Church teaches, in some parts.  The story is great, keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time.  You can't wait to see what awaits you on the next page. I strongly suggest you going out and picking up a copy and reading it.
 I only read a few novels a year and if a story is not really keeping me awake I have a hard time getting through it.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code got such a big success, so I gived it a try, and I was not disappointed ! I could not stop reading it, even if I was quite busy at that time. The intrigue is the most solid-built I have ever read in a novel. Brown's research is incredible and the characters are fascinating in the middle of complex and intelligent riddles and puzzles !<br/><br/>I have decided to leave aside the controversy and SIMPLY ENJOY both the fictional and historic parts of the story. Pretty sure this one is gonna get a second read after seeing the movie.
 I didn't read "The Da Vinci Code."  I was about to when I read the FAQ on the book's website and was appalled by the shallowness of Dan Brown's answers.  It was his answer to, "HOW MUCH OF THIS NOVEL IS BASED ON FACT?," which really disappointed me.  The bulk of his response was, "The paintings, locations, historical documents, and organizations described in the novel all exist."  Thriller or not, this book is passed off as being historically accurate and full of facts (which has been been commented on by numerous reviewers here and elsewhere).  I expect a lot more information regarding his sources and research when he has unlimited space on the net (I didn't notice a bibliography in the back of the book either).<br/>I would probably enjoy this book as a mystery, but the way he presents this book seems devious and unethical which is why I chose not to read it.
 I had fun reading this mystery novel, but<br/>I agree with the reader from Columbia, SC, June 9th.  Umberto Eco is much better.  Brown's prose is often trite.  Eco is a class act.  Read Eco.
 This was a wonderful book for anyone who likes twisty-turny mysteries and puzzles and stories that make you think, "Did that REALLY HAPPEN?"  "Is that true?"  Who cares that there are factual inaccuracies, it's FICTION!!!<br/>I found the Audio book quite enjoyable as well as the hardcover.  (Though the reader's "French" accent turned off a couple of friends.)<br/>This book is terrific, and who reads mysteries for the grammar anyway??
 In short the plot, or the idea behind the plot (the research, etc.) was of more compelling interest to the writer then the actual writing, character development, etc. This is the kind of book that one finds in the library of a rented summer house. It is ideal reading while sunbathing of on a rainy day when there is nothing else to do. If you have seen the movie, it will help with surviving the bad writing.
 It's been several years since I really sat down to read a book that wasn't strictly educational. I've never had the urge or time to read pure fiction. The DaVinci Code combines the best of both worlds.  I was absolutely fascinated by the facts uncovered in this book and it has made me a born-again reader. I have since spent countless hours on the internet researching facts from Dan's book and according to others, they are right on the money.  I will say this, the book is not for devoted (or closed-minded) Christians. Simply because many people refuse to believe anything besides what they have been told their entire life. I was shocked and amazed...
 Okay, I admit it... I was hooked at first, but about halfway through, I got bored.  This book was so predictable and I couldn't believe how many times the author used the word "plethora"!  Remember, this book is FICTION.  Its interesting to read, but don't spend money on it... Do what I did and borrow it from a friend.
 This book is awful. I mean, religious, crime, detective, suspense, thriller novels, those sort of books are the ones i like. But one's that are based of fallacies in history, plain lies, and even HERESIES, it really makes me wonder what sort of book this is supposed to be. Is it a serious book? Is it a joke on society? Is it just to provoke a reaction? I have a friend at school who makes a habit of insulting religions with false information, and he is a twit, and held in disgust by most of my peers, even the atheists and gnostics! This book is bound to confuse people, especially those who will take that "facts" as facts. It is a dangerous book! None-the-less, there shall probably be a great documentary made about the complete lunacy of this book, which i will watch with open eyes. I just pray for all those who take the word as fact. I am not a fanatic who wishes for "all those who read this book to burn is hell", i do not practice that sort of vengeful hatred, i just pray that people who read this book, will not take the information on face-value. That they will take the information and find out the truth before spreading lies about Leonardo Da Vinci, or the Church, or English history!<br/>Please, just read this book with suspicion, or at least, regard it as a book, NOT a historical document!
 OK, so this is the first book I read from Dan Brown and it was good enough to pick up his next one (Angles and Demons).  I thought that one was better, but a little morbid. If you haven't seen the movie read the book first, the movie did a decent job for a movie (remember haters are going to hate).  If you like this one his other books are better (just a little bit morbid)
 This is an absolutely fantastic book, which raises questions I never thought I'd ask.  Could not put it down, finished it in less than a day.  Who needs sleep when you've got a book like this to read?!
 This book was a page turner.  I found the historical and religious information facinating (and I don't normally like too much history in my fiction.).  Even if most don't agree with the information, it was a fantastic read.  Dan Brown is a creative genius!
 Seeing that this work of fiction is just that a work of fiction, it is an extremely enjoyable read.  Definitely a page turner from start to finish and was able to finish it in a few sittings. I recommend the book to people who are looking for a fun, fast-paced summer read, not to those looking for the answers to life's major questions and Christianity's role in those questions. Sit back on the lawn chair and enjoy!
 i never read anything by Brown before.  the book was loaned to me by a co-worker.  it was difficult to put down.  i kept wanting to know what was going to happen next.  it was exciting and captured me right away.  i enjoyed the book so much that i'm buying another book of Dan Brown's.  i like his style.  i liked the way he developed the characters and gave you just a little along the way.  just as the two main characters were discovering why the murder happened we discover more about them.  i hope to see those two cahracters again in a story.
 Esta edición es ideal para aquellos a los que nos gustó el libro y no conocemos los lugares que nombra. Figuran todas las iglesias, el Museo, las pinturas de Da Vinci, todo en fotos color hermosas, la edición es un lujo. El único problema es que es bastante pesado y grande, difícil de trasladar (sobre todo para gente que como yo suele leer en el colectivo!).
 Loved it 10 years ago.
 Poorly written drivel with a plot full of holes<br/>(The discussion of the clues on the private plane ride from Versailles to Kent took longer than the flight itself takes, approx 35 min. It takes longer to read the chapter than the flight)<br/>The riddles and clues are amusing but still don't add up to the truth and the time frame of the story (basically 24+ hours) is not believable.<br/>Junk for the gullible
 This is Dan Brown's best book and the first that deviates from the formula used in his first three books.  Mr. Brown's writing style has also hit its stride as he has reinvented the pulp.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon is back (see Angels &amp; Demons).  But this time he is not hired to solve anything.  But he is asked to look at a crime scene in the hopes that he will incriminate himself.  From that point he is a fugitive for most of the book, thus adding the sense of urgency usually present in Dan Brown's books.<br/><br/>The main story concerns a secret society known as the Priory of Scion which is rumored to have a collection of evidence that proves the Roman Catholic Church has been lying since the beginning.  Langdon manages to escape at the beginning with the help of a cryptographer who happens to be related to the murder victim.<br/><br/>The rest of the book moves at a furious pace using classic pulp techniques of cliff hangers and withholding revelations to the reader.  The questions are not all answered until literally the final page (although you may guess many of them).<br/><br/>Readers need to remember that this is a work of fiction and that many of the "facts" are untrue.  Some are but there is much that is not.  Many books have since been published that point these out in detail.  Two examples I will cite, Langdon claims the Church has wiped out all references linking the goddess Venus with physical love, a lone exception being the term venereal disease.  What about that anatomy every junior high student learns about called the venus mons or mound of venus?  At another point Langdon talks about how there is so much rumor about the Knights Templar that finding the truth is impossible.  In the same breath he gives a very detailed history of their formation, actions, fall, and escape.<br/><br/>Many readers will not care about such details.  Those that do should just remember that this is a work of fiction.  Ultimately both should be able to enjoy this fast-paced adventure.  Truly entertaining.
 A dead body in the Louvre leads to a chase through France and England, moving from one clue to the next.  The DaVinci Code will leave you questioning how you look at art and history as it plunges you into a world of secret societies and secret agendas.  A fantastic read!
 Here in Brazil, I went to a house of one of my friends and I tried to read this trash-book.Being so bad, I never finished this trash-book.<br/><br/>I don't know if this is a romance, a pseudo-historic, an anti-catholic bigotry.I realize that this a ridiculous, absurd and bigoted book.<br/><br/>There's so many historical absurds, in this book, that I can't number all of then, in a single chapter of it.The real title for this book must be "The Da Vinci Hoax".
 I'm as partial to anti-Catholic conspiracy theories as the next man. I like reading those books about how the pyramids were built by a lost race from outer space, and how all world power stems from a Freemason/Knights of Malta conspiracy dating back 700 years, involving the Holy Grail and the nail-clippings of Christ. I'm also very much in favour of the ever-fashionable fictional technique of turning history to mush. Like most people, I'd much rather read a poorly written "thriller" with plot complexity and page mass in place of character, profundity or truth, catering to the paranoias and neuroses of the masses than, say, a history book. Here, finally, is apparently a book that combines all of my interests. I haven't managed to get around to reading it yet, however, because I'm still struggling through "The Lost Druid Tribe of Atlantis: How A Race Of Ancient Druids Invented The 'Popular Esoteria' Genre From The Primordial Soup". I fully expect a committee of Vatican Bishops to destroy all copies of this book before I get my hands on a copy, anyway, so my 3 star rating must remain conjectural.
 Wonderful from beginning to end. Not only a good story, but I learned a lot of fascinating things. The other critics are no doubt right that Brown stretches some truths to make the novel work but...Altogether I thoroughly enjoyed it and I recommend it highly.<br/>I'm going to the store to buy Brown's other books.
 Don't let the size of the book intimatdate you, the 400 something pages go by very fast. The amount you pay for the book(around 22$, hardcover) is worth it. Its the type of book where you want to be right on it looking for clues and trying to solve it yourself. The beginning is as shocking as the end, and its a great book for older aldults and middle age kids. It includes tons of history mixed in with a plot, and has become very popular with readers. I am recomending this book to all readers, and to go out and grab it, may be a great gift for friends and family.
 An entertaining whodunnit with a religious twist written at a 7th grade level which offers mass public appeal. What incites me to write a review is how ridiculous Dan Brown has been on television hyping up his book by saying he was a "skeptic" until "extensively researching" where he has now become a believer in his work.<br/><br/>Brown provides a preliminary page of "facts" that are used to back up his fiction. That the "facts" are wrong and widely denounced as poorly researched reflects poorly on Brown as an author. Many have suggested his interest and motivation lie in his own agenda, but I would argue that he is playing on the uneducated masses to really debate such a "controversial" issue with what is purely speculative fiction to line his pockets.<br/><br/>Better actor than author...<br/><br/>My interest in this subject matter and analytical side in search of concrete data surrounding this matter (that Dan Brown disappointed me with, especially with a weak ending) I did find in a related new book out--<br/><br/>Breaking The Da Vinci Code  by Darrell L. Bock, Ph.D.
 This book captured me from the first page.  Intelligent and fast pace, it took me one day to finish this book.  I simply could not put it down.  Consequently, I went out and purchased Angels &amp; Demons, another Dan Brown book - finished it in 2 days.  His thrilling stories suck you in and I must say that I THOUGHT I'd figured the story out many times, only to be corrected in the final pages.  I whole-heartedly recommend this book!
 I'm a big fan of books and I bought this one to see what all the hype was about. This is not a book, it's a movie screen. I didn't have to think at all and all i saw in my imagination was one big movie reeling itself across my head. If I want to watch a movie I will put one in the TV, I don't want to watch a movie while I'm reading a book. Not only was it boring, but I figured the whole book out during the middle of it. I'm great at predicting movies, but I read books so I can get surprised. This wasn't much of a thriller if I knew what was happening before I turned the next page. An  ...]year old could understand what is going on in this book, and when I was  ...] I liked to read books that I could understand but I'm an adult and I like to read books that rise to my level of thinking and understanding. What's even worse about this book is that so many Christians are reading it and saying they don't know if they can believe anymore! What because of a FICTION novel! Yes Dan Brown says that some facts are true and it is slightly hard to distuingush between truth and fiction in that book, but if you did five minutes of decent research you would understand that most of what he says are conspiracy theories that don't hold a shred of truth in them. Have people forgotten how to think on their own anymore? If your faith is fading because of reading this book you might want to question whether or not you really had any at all. As for my faith, it was built upon a rock that many waves have crashed down upon and none have broken. While some people may think the fact that this is an anti-Christian book was the only factor in my disgust with this book, consider that one of my all time favorite authors is Stephen King and he is anything but Christian friendly. He simply writes very well put together horror stories that I enjoy. I was told that The Da Vinci Code is one of Dan Brown's worst books, I thought about reading some more of his books before I read this one. Guess I should have picked up another one first.
 Hello. I am a 14 year old kid who had heard great things about this book. So, I decided to pick it up and read it. I figured it was a relatively long book and being a teenager I have a busy schedule. I thought that it would be a good summer read that would take me a couple weeks to read. I was wrong.<br/><br/>I could not put this book down. The history was so interesting that I forced myself to pursue further research on the topic to ensure it was not fictional. I was stunned to find out that most, if not all, of the historical references were factual. It makes me sad to read some of the reviews that commented on how the history was false. Some of the history may be altered or inaccurate, but this book is FICTION. After reading it though, I look at things differently.<br/><br/>Church isn't something I enjoy and this book didn't make me eager to go to church at the end. However, I now take a different perspective on religion. The characters in this book who are pious mostly have had hard lives or are in need of something new. I realize that, even though Jesus may not be the man who walked on water or was virgin born, he has changed and inspired many lives. The thought of faith to me can come in many different forms and this book showed that to me.<br/><br/>Overall, I highly recommend this book to anyone!
 The fast pace and constant action in this book is better that any of his others.  As always, its a fiction book, regardless of what the forward says, so read it as such.  It is a great ride well worth the price of admission.
 The Da Vinci Code was a great book. It kept me interested the whole time. I had to keep myself from reading it all in one night. I saw the movie and it was pretty good, but the book is so much better. It is definately one of my favotites. If you like this book, then you'll love Angels and Demons, also by Dan Brown. Another great book. Now I can't wait for The Lost Symbol. What will he think of next?
 At first I was reluctant to read this book because I thought it would be boring and I wouldn't like it.  But when I started, boy was I wrong!!  I couldn't put it down!  I especially liked how empowering the story was for us women.  The world needs more books like this!  I'm now hooked on Dan Brown!
 I read the book in two days. It was really quite good and really questioned a lot about what I believed in fact or not.  It brings alot of questions to the table about Jesus, the paintings of all the great artist.<br/>I have to agree with some of the reviews that the ending could be a tiny bit better but overall VERY EXCELLENT. I highly recommend it. Oword of advise is to read it with an open mind and a lot of it IS FICTION.
 Filled with riddles, intrigues, and unexpected outcomes, "The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown can practically be called a puzzle book.  Not only does it keep the reader's mind alert, it also quenches the reader's thirst for knowledge.  Filled with interesting facts and opinions on art and religion, the book challenges the reader to question his own beliefs about religion.<br/> "The Da Vinci Code" follows Robert Langdon and Sophie Neveu's desperate search for the Holy Grail in order to preserve its ancient secrets.  Along their journey they find themselves connected with these secrets in more ways than they could have ever imagined.  "The Da Vinci Code" is destined to become a well-loved classic.
 I read this book because it was in the listing for our book club.  I thought it started well, but petered out pretty quickly.  The characters are poorly drawn.  Plotting is weak.  Not much happens by way of story.  Mr. Brown the teacher seems to have triumphed Mr. Brown the author. Reach Foucault's Pendulum instead.
 OK book, but was not an easy read for me as I am not familiar with Catholic concepts/practices.  Hard to separate fact from fiction.  I'm curious what his source is for the bit about Jewish priestesses.
 The author (or his publisher on his behalf) have blocked Text-to-speech on this title, so what you are buying is a crippled version for what your kindle will not have all features enabled.<br/><br/>This is a very lame choice, I wish the author reconsider this decision and that's why I am giving it a 1-star.<br/><br/>As it is, the e-book does not worth the money.
 This book wont go down as great literature, but it could potentially change the thoughts of a lot of people.  It did me.<br/>The story is fairly tight and only slows down in a couple of spots.<br/>Mr. Brown provides a fair amount of history, but its well worth it.  I look forward to reading some of this other books.
 The writing style is a little plodding, but the plot is charming in many places.  Mystery buffs will find his abuse of cliches and conventions distracting.  There isn't much that's original in the plot.  For a great historical thriller, Umberto Eco's Name of the Rose is far superior.  Even so, it's not a BAD book.  It has pleasant moments and for readers, is a good way to spend a few nights.
 Fiction that incorporates mystery, murder, riddles, suspense and famous artwork, while characters are running around fabulous areas of Europe. What's not to love? Hubby and I both enjoyed this book. Very entertaining.
 I have read many of the reviews posted here, and I don't get it!<br/>Why are some of you taking this book so seriously? Folks, this is a novel, not history. Why do some of you say this is all true and some of you say it is all fiction. Years of research on the topics would be needed in order to make an intelligent commentary. I found myself going to websites and getting very basic information on Opus Dei, The Knights of Templer, The Grail and "The Last Supper" by DaVinci (the resolution on my computer is not that good and as such confirming some of the of the statements was impossiple). I found that this basic resaerch made the book more enjoyable.<br/>As for the religious implications. First of all this book is not anti-Christian. The book presents alternative views to those that Christians believe in. Christians are the entire goup of people that believe that Christ was the son of God and died for the sins of all man kind. The only religous group that is ever mentioned in this book is the Catholic church. One one else. Christians are not bashed here, only some of their beliefs.So, if you say it is Catholic bashing, I respect your opinions.<br/>I also can not understand that some say this is boring. Surely you jest. This is an exciting story.<br/>Predictable? Yes. You will know who the master is 20 pages after he is introduced.<br/>Factual? Yes and no.<br/>Educational? I learned a great deal by doing research on the Web. Books should make you think.<br/>Fun? No doubt about it.<br/>Controversial? You bet.<br/>If you like a good mystery, you should enjoy this book.<br/>Oh, one other fact, this is such an improvement over "Deception Point" that I reviewed last year. Now that was truely awful.<br/>Later.
 For a work that has had such great reviews and is doing so well on the lists, I must confess that I am most disapointed with it.<br/><br/>It is really not a good novel.<br/><br/>All it proves is that with connections even the worst manuscript can be published and become a movie. With loads of publicity it can become a best seller.<br/><br/>The author claims everything in his work is based on fact. (The Protocols of the Elders of Zion were also described in the same light). The fact is that everything in this work has been completely debunked.<br/><br/>This like D.W. Griffith's movie Birth of a Nation is a work of fiction. A very pathetic work at that.<br/><br/>If it goes down in history, it will be like Birth of a Nation for insights into the self styled 'creative class' than as a work of literature.
 If you take this book as a work of fiction, then you are in for a fast paced rollercoaster ride.  I can see why this might offend some hardcore religious people.  As a Roman Catholic who happens to be half Italian, I would urge you to read this book.  When my grandmother died she left me a copy of the painting of DaVinci's "Last Supper".  After I read the book I studied the painting.  Remember this is entertainment and it does get you to think outside the box.  I don't agree with all of the theories put forth in this book, but I do find them very intersting.  It really makes you ponder how you learned about religion.
 I'd heard very mixed reviews about this book but on the most part it had sounded interesting so I wanted to read it for myself.<br/><br/>Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code is a powerful contestant for the worst book I've read. From the beginning of the book, I was underwhelmed by the writing style (if you can even call it that) and the characters, I found, were surprisingly unimpressionable. For example, one of the protagonists was Robert Langdon, supposedly Professor of Religious Symbology, Harvard University, yet it took him such an EfFoRt to even begin to "decipher" the simplest "codes" along the way. For such an intelligent academic professional, he appears quite stupid. Despite the book's bad points, I had to finish reading it just to say that I had read it. I also wanted to see if there was a chance the story picked up towards the end.<br/><br/>This did not happen. The book spiralled from the beginning further and further into the realms of unreadability.<br/><br/>Granted, the idea behind the book was interesting. It certainly had potential. But Brown killed all this potential with the underdeveloped characters, perforated storyline and bad writing.<br/><br/>On page 13, "It is almost too easy." sums up the book. Again, on page 421, we read: "Arranging the fatal meeting between Saunière and Silas had been almost too easy."<br/><br/>The fact is that it IS too easy. Everything is too convenient, too linear to require any kind of thinking. It is a Mystery how it is a bestseller, never mind staying stubbornly in no.1 for so long.<br/><br/>"Deceiving the stupid multitude" (page 231) is something Dan Brown has achieved with this book through marketing; not through good writing, talent or intelligence.
 I think this book had two strikes against it to start with.  #1, Its not really my kind of book, but after all the hype, I figured I should read it.  #2, All the hype, It was built up way too big and ended up disapointing me.  I think if I had read it having not heard anything about it, I may have liked it more.
 Dispite its pop culture fame, its one of the most creative and original stories out there. Yes, even with its similarities to Holy Blood Holy Grail.  I think its one of the most entertaining books I've ever read, and isn't that the point?
 The book arrived extremely fast, and I had it just in time to give to my friend! I love Amazon, there service is remarkable. The book was absolutely stunning; better then the picture or the depiction. For the cost and the service I was 1000% satisfied! The pages are so crisp and lively, and the cover is beautiful. This is a one of a kind hard back book! I strongly recommend this to any reader, book aficionado, or curious by-stander!
 If you enjoy reading books on the occult, mysticism, astrology and abhor Christianity and Catholicism you will like this novel. Brown starts out with a pretty good mystery and then transforms it into the absurd. Christ fathered a child? The Bible and thousands of written records are totally irrelevant when Brown cites "authoratative sources". My biggest regrets: 1) I not only read this garbage to the end but 2) I actually paid money for this tripe. Even as fiction this premise is hard to swallow.
 Just as it feels good to stretch our muscles, and bones, it also feels good to stretch our minds, and our imaginations.  If you have not yet read The DaVinci Code, do.  It nothing else it's a fun tale.<br/><br/>As the old adage goes...<br/><br/>"A mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimension"<br/><br/>Oliver Wendell Holmes
 What an excellent read.  I loved having the paperback, because I read this before and during my travels to Europe.  How fun it was to recognize several of the places Dan Brown writes about in his book, and see the historic buildings and streets that the characters experienced their adventures on.  It is obvious he has done his research of the locations where the story takes place, and also extensive research of the history of Christianity.<br/><br/>I couldn't put this book down.  Even if you don't agree whether the content is true, it is so well-written you can't wait to get back to finding out what happens next.  Read this book with an open mind, and it may just change the way you look at the world for the better.  It did mine.
 I think a lot of great reviews have been written and I don't really have much to add to them. However, this book is pure fiction and at the end I can't stop thinking: "...and so what?".<br/>The value of what I can get out of this book is rather limited just because it is just pure fiction. We all like to dream about knights, kings, fairy tales and so on. How about something more relevant for today's world? The internet, religious sects, marketing, changing social structure...these are the things that are part of our daily environment.<br/>For readers that are looking for a book that describes and studies the "code" of our modern society I have a recommendation: Social Code by Cass Tell. I thought it was a very unusual and innovative book. It kept me pondering over it for a good while.
 THE DA VINCI CODE<br/>  The Da Vinci Code, written by Dan Brown and published by Doubleday, is an intriguing piece of literature that grabs you from the first chapter and keeps you entwined within the book to the point I couldn't put it down for wondering what was going to happen next.<br/>  It begins with the main character, Robert Landon, who is awakened in the night from a phone call about a murder of the curator at the Louvre museum in France. The attention grabbing saga unfolds as he discovers the body and the multiple clues that keep you puzzled yet curious. He is assisted by the French police woman and cryptologist Sophie Neveu who is also the granddaughter of the murdered curator. They begin to decipher the clues while being chased by the police and the secret society.<br/>  As I was reading this great literary masterpiece, I was also searching the internet for the paintings and locations they carried that you through the story. The details of the clues kept me glued to the pages, following not only what I read, but seeing the images in my mind that I found on the web. As I progressed through each chapter, I found myself questioning the historical facts, wondering if there really is a cover-up within the church, and the validity of the secret societies that some of our founding fathers were said to belong to. The quest for "The Holy Grail" as the deciphered codes let them on, leaves you to wonder if it actually exists or is it just a symbol of religion. But then why are there the secret societies of the Knights Templar, the Priory of Sions, and Opus Dei? What is their purpose and relationship within the church? The historical accuracies and interpretations will make you wonder as to the validity of the history and the church.<br/>  Without revealing the conclusion, this is a book that you must read, and then I recommend you follow up with the movie, where Mr Landon is played by Tom Hanks. This is one of the few movies that actually follow the book as it was written. Dan Brown is an exceptional novelist and writer that put your mind in his story. I still keep this book in my book shelf and have read it twice. Be sure to have internet access available when you read so you can look up the paintings, pictures, and clues that will prevent you from wanting to put the book down. You don't have to be religious to see what the author has found in the historical artifacts, but it will make you question religion.
 If anyone tells you anything more profound than this, they have some alternative agenda.  If you enter the book just wanting a good read, you will not be disappointed.  It is utterly silly on every level, but highly entertaining.
 Far fetched, garbled "history" lesson that gets bogged down trying to connect dots that don't exist. Not to mention the completely forced love connection.
 absolutely un-putdownable
 The Da Vinci Code is a BRAINWASHING BOOK, BEWARE!!!! This author has a large lack of christian history and knowledge, as well as not having a hint of how is the Louvre Museum and the city of Paris. The author at least should have taken a tourist map of Paris to help his writing but this is not the case since he has created his own imaginary Paris and a godless novell. But of course, there is nothing much to spect from a fictional book that talks about controversial themes which makes it a bestseller. The author could have done a great work, but he missed the opportunity.
 Great book!  Very fast and exciting to read
 We truly, like, liked this book and we TOTALLY bought it, like, right the next second we heard Paris Hilton-the Goddess-was reading it. This book is about four girls and a gay guy: Madison, Sophia, Kylie, Aimee and, of course, Christiano aka Kiki. It's a story about this little group of trendsetters and their struggle to find the greatest boutique of all high-fashion boutiques--Da vinci. Here's the story: like, they have to decode the most hidden code of all time. The code is actually the only way you can get, like, IN the shop and it's in a form of a password. But that's not the only catch: they not only have to discover the code, they also must find the shop. And that's the hard part cuz only, like, four people or something know where it is. It could be six feet under somewhere in Egypt or it could be in a zeppelin that takes of,like,only three times a year and has about six people aboard (plus the pilot whose memory will probably be erased after landing or something).The shop is, by the way, named after some not very well known guy that was probably a designer or something and now he's dead and all. Whatever. Oh, wait-we once saw this really old documentary about this guy-we weren't really paying it a lot of attention since Clueless was on at the same time so we were like: Hello? OF COURSE we're gonna watch Clueless again rather then some boring gay guy with a beard the size of Texas (aka J.lo's butt). Anyway. Where were we? Okay, never mind. It's, like, totally cool, you should, like, totally read it and find out if everybody get's their Manolo Blahnik's and Cavalli dresses in the end.<br/><br/>Well, ta-ta! Hope you like this little chick-lit miracle!!<br/><br/>Hell &amp; Minx xoxoxoxo
 I must say this book is one of the most poorly written books I've read in quite a while.  I suppose I must say it was entertaining, though not entertaining enough to buy, just borrow from a friend or the library.  If serial novels and suspense thrillers are your thing, you might enjoy it.  I personally could not even keep it.  I bought it and swiftly returned it two days later.  If you want suspense that is enriching too I would recommend Khaled Hosseini's "Kite Runner".  That is a fantastic book.
 I'm sure by now most have heard the hype, but the point is, you should still know this book is worth checking out. If only to see an example of stellar research and writing  go a little mediocre before the last page. This is an enjoyable book and probably still the most instantly compelling book i've ever read... read the first 5 pages and you'll simply fall in. Don't expect to much though and you will not be dissapointed.
 There's very little else to say about this book.  It would have been a 2 or 3 star book - but it lost one star for the relentless  (dare we say inane?) press that proclaims this book as some messianic roadmap through history.  It's an easy airplane read for when you want to kill some time (and maybe a few brain cells) but aren't looking for anything of particular import.
 As a matter of fact I was attempted to the book because of the press hurray, and, actually thrilling at the beginning the book ends much lame. Maybe the author should have read something more profoundly than the usual popular bogus. Especially the claims about Leonardo are twisted and they are also misleading the general reader, as a matter of fact, unfortunately we have a lot of self-proclaimed Da Vinci experts here in Turkey right now because of it. About the religious claims: In a society where the Christian faith and practice is not well known, this book made some interesting effect and now everyone awaits the much hyped Gibson's movie. What a coincidence :-) I'll have to read Eco again; as a "real scholar" he writes better "fiction" than this.
 Dan Brown is one of the most talented authors I've read. His ability to blend fact and fiction make you question what you know, even when you think you solidly know it. Amazing and much better than the movie. (I think that's always the case.)
 This is a book that has you on the edge of your seat for the entire storyline. Dan Brown does a wonderful job connecting historical facts with fiction. The tale and the race against time is a thriller in itself!
 I refused to believe all the hype about this book for a couple of years until just recently I finally picked it up.  Wow.  I was disappointed.  The story itself is provoking and brings up some interesting points, but overall it is a cheaply written thriller.<br/><br/>There are much better, more interesting thrillers by Michael Crichton and the likes.  Overall I would compare this book to a cheap action flick, one that causes you to laugh at the shear audacity of many of the scenes, laughing, pointing and saying "Hey! That could never happen!"<br/><br/>In conclusion, if you like books you probably won't like this one.  If you prefer reality TV then you will love this book. Blah.
 With all the buzz about this book, I was looking forward to a good read.  The book starts quickly and definitely grabs the reader, but it's a quick spiral downward to a truly bad novel.  The writing is amateurish, the characters and their dialogue absurd and the coincidences simply beyond any credibility.  This is a truly bad book.
 Taking the research and ground work done in the non-fiction book<br/>Holy Blood - Holy Grail by Michael Baigent, Henry Lincoln, and Richard Leigh; Dan Brown weaves a wonderful murder mystery and fine novelization of the facts uncovered in this earlier work. Read The DaVinci Code, and then read Holy Blood, Holy Grail, to see where it all started.
 Still enjoyed it as much as the first time I read it. The entire mystery kept me on the edge and changing pages quickly. Enjoyed the movie just as much.
 One of the few books in years past that I was completely unable to put down. Dan Brown does an admirable job of describing a world of secret societies and sects that relatively few people have heard about or know of their purpose. Taking these true elements, he creates a thriller mystery that is believable and engrossing. So well done that when I finished the book I spent the next two hours researching Da Vinci, the Priory and Opus Dei!
 An entertaining quick read, though I think it'll end up making a better movie than it did a book. The mechanics of plotting could have been smoother, and the book would have been better had I just been allowed to read the author's cleverness for myself without the characters telling me over and over again how clever he was. That became distracting early on.
 I listened to the unabridged version on CD, and it was fantastic.  There was never a dull moment, and the mystery of both the murders and the quest were kept just out of reach so that you were always at the edge of your seat wanting more.  Whether or not the subject of the book is even fathomable, it stimulates your mind enough to think of the possibilities and the what if's of biblical history.  It was a sort of Indiana Jones adventure that was exciting right to the end.  Lots of fun, and very enjoyable.
 Fast shipping. Product arrived exactly as described.
 A thought provoking look at an ancient mystery -- who exactly was Mary Magdalene and what was her relationship with Jesus? A page turner from the get-go.
 Much as been written and television has added to this, so I won't produce any long diatribe. Basically it is not a very good book. It certainly must have an excellent advertising agency behind it to produce all this media attention and indeed is undoubtedly making this author quite pleased with himself and well-off financially.<br/><br/>The premise is an interesting one to fictionally exploit. Why not? It's only purports to be a mass-market thriller, not a theological treatise. Unfortunately, it is poorly written, poorly organized, and doesn't provoke much in the way of interesting speculations. As an historian, I find several mistakes only due to poor research, albeit these could be overlooked for the sake of plot - if one could find a truly enticing plot to follow.<br/><br/>There are some remarkably excellent fiction authors currently producing works that can be educational and thoughtful and, at the same time, just plain fun for a light read.  Save your money on this one.
 I confess that I waited to read this book until the hype died down so that strangers wouldn't stop me in the street, eager to discuss the book's contents in hushed tones full of awe and wonderment. Or so I assumed would be my fate if I dared parade in public with a book so full of secrets in the heyday of the Da Vinci Code hype. There seems to be some truth to the myth -- the girl at my local Starbucks did ask if I was reading it again (I told her no, it was my first time). Of course, she's no stranger, as my addiction to Frappucinos and chocolate croissants has oft diverted me to that corporate palace of guilty pleasure. So I guess my mission -- avoiding the hype -- was a success.<br/><br/>So what was the hype about?<br/><br/>Well, frankly -- something that's not that impressive.<br/><br/>The story revolves around Robert Langdon, a symbologist of some renown, and Sophie Neveu, a young cryptologist in the French Judicial Police force. The curator of the Louvre has been murdered, but managed to leave behind a mysterious message, and Robert and Sophie together must uncover its meaning. Themselves suspected of the murder, they must hide themselves and the secret entrusted them while navigating a tangled web of loyalties and delving into ancient secrets of the Church. Dodging police, secret sects and societies, and friends turned enemies, Sophie and Robert must find the heart of the secret the Church would kill to silence -- or discover for itself.<br/><br/>The novel is fast-paced and rife with archaeological and architectural details and mini-lectures on symbology, cryptography, and history. The story has a tendency to tease, building up to a revelation and then quickly cutting away to some other part of the story, making the reader wait and turn page after page to discover the next secret. Though Sophie and Robert hog the spotlight, from the very start the novel also collects points of view from various allies, enemies, and secondary and minor characters. Besides wandering from person to person, the novel also skips around in time a bit, quite suddenly delving into conveniently timed flashbacks provided by various characters and just as suddenly jumping back into the main narrative. Such devices usually serve to develop suspense, enrich a narrative and round out the cast, providing inflections of motivation, insights from different characters, and background and back story. However, successfully mixing all of these together -- information dumps on obscure fields of study, coy withholding of information, frequent jumps in point of view, flashbacks in the middle of the narrative -- requires a grace and balance that Dan Brown honestly lacks.<br/><br/>Let's start with the suspense. The point of a suspense novel is to intrigue and disturb the reader to the point that they must know what happens next -- to unravel the mystery, to settle their own minds, to assure themselves that it all ends well, or at least that it all ends. Truly successful suspense is subtle, pulling gently and insistently on the reader's string, teasing them with merciless grace. Okay, so maybe my standards are high, but I'm pretty sure that by anyone's standard of subtlety, on a scale from "barely noticeable" to "slapped in the face with a brick", The Da Vinci Code rates somewhere around "like a speeding train careening towards the helpless SUV stalled on the tracks, honking madly". It's a pet peeve, I guess: I don't appreciate being forcibly led around by the nose. Aside from my personal dislike for overly obvious suspense, I do believe this was an honest narrative failure. True, the device Brown uses -- repeatedly, constantly -- of leading you by the hand (and I'll get to his problem with hand-holding narration in a minute) right up to the threshold of the next big revelation and then slamming the door in your face and going "Neener, neener, gotta read on to find out!" worked. I turned the pages, I read the book. I wanted to know what in God's name the fuss was about. But it was so awkward, so obvious, and, possibly worst of all, so unnecessary. It was also inconsistent. Some of the biggest revelations of the entire story were disgorged in tremendous information dumps stitched right into the narrative, while many tiny or less important mysteries simply had to be cut away from right before the climax. And when the information was finally revealed, a flashback and three POV switches later, my reaction about half the time was, "...So what?"<br/><br/>The story itself is interesting and suspenseful, but it seems Dan Brown was either very insecure about his plot or just plain lacking grace. On its own steam, with fewer glaringly obvious suspense-cuts and a more subtle handling overall, the story would have been far more successful at intrigue, mystery, and that wonderful feeling of aching to know more. As it stands, the cuts are jarring, frustrating, and often unnecessary or poorly placed.<br/><br/>While the use of suspense-cuts in the main narrative was rather annoying, what really stuck out for me was their use in flashbacks. The incongruous chopping up of stream-of-consciousness thought to serve the purpose of manufacturing suspense was extremely awkwardly handled. Since the story is told in third person personal, the reader expects flashback to be memories, often involuntarily recalled, and just cutting them off right as the narrative approaches the core of the memory felt jarring and very artificial. Instead of helping me to sympathize with the character and learn more about them, such cuts jarred me right of of rapport with the POV character.<br/><br/>Speaking of rapport with characters, there really wasn't much of that to spread around. Sadly, the characters for whom I often felt most sympathy, whose story affected me most, were a handful of minor and secondary characters making cameo appearances -- they were the only ones with any charm or mystery to them. This was due largely to a ridiculous imbalance of telling over showing. Just as Dan Brown led me forcibly through the jarring leaps of his suspense, so does he hold my hand through the characters' motivations and characterizations. Perhaps the author was attempting to affect that sparse, frank style that makes suspense novels like The Silence of the Lambs so effective. If this was the case, then Brown missed the most important point: part of the fun, part of the entire idea of a mystery or suspense is to make readers work for it. That's what makes the genre a success: adrenaline highs and the thrill of participation -- guessing the answers, mentally yelling at the characters to turn back, don't open that door, don't believe his lies. While Brown's bald revelation of every character's motivations makes for easy, obvious reading, he has deprived his readers of the experience of trying to understand for themselves. It's much more satisfying to solve a problem on your own than to be told the answer, isn't it? Teasing out a character's motivations is a tremendous part of getting to know them well enough to love or hate them -- the key to pulling an emotional response from the reader. This is the ultimate goal of writing for me, and Dan Brown, with his ham-handed approach to characterization, has failed at it utterly.<br/><br/>Of course, not all the cards can be played so close in a suspense novel. Another tenet of the genre is the teaching of lore, particulars, and specialties. Detective work and mystery-solving of most kinds involves specialized knowledge and learning the secrets of trades is usually a large part of the enjoyment derived from the mystery genre. And there is plenty of that kind of lore in this book, and it's surprisingly well-handed -- sometimes. About half of the information dumps come from character dialogue, and these are usually engaging, informative, and fit well into the narrative around them. The other half, however, comes from the narrative itself, and is awkward yet interesting at best. The transition to pedagogical exposition is often jarring and comes out of nowhere, and again suffers from a surfeit of the obvious. As an example, there a number of times where a character performs an action that is habitual for them, and yet the narrative goes through the trouble of explaining the ritual or procedure in detail. In such an intimate third-person narrative, why in the world would characters' thoughts digress into pondering in detail, for no reason, something they do every day? There are better ways to handle the need to trickle information to the reader. Such digressions are more forgivable in Robert's case -- he is, after all, a professor and a teacher first, and this is one for the few character traits conveyed with any degree of charm. Though never stated literally, his quiet delight in teaching and in his field of study is the one bit of characterization that managed to get from the page to my head without Dan Brown standing in the way pointing at it and waving his arms about.<br/><br/>That said, the information itself was interesting as it was revealed. I won't go into discussing the alleged balance of fact and fiction in the book -- I'm viewing it as a work of literature, and that's all. Whatever the degree of truth to the various conspiracy theories featured here, they are at first glance intriguing and plausible. The descriptions of artwork, architecture, symbology, cryptology, and history, while often awkwardly delivered, do well to intrigue, entice, and induce wonder. However, after a constant bombardment of the importance of the central secret of the story and how it was the main motivation for most of the characters, by the time the end of the novel approached I found myself caring about it surprisingly little. The tidbits of information, true or false, were indeed interesting, but prolonged exposure wore away the shine of the most important one.<br/><br/>Aside from almost complete failure in the four most common elements on the novel's storytelling (suspense, flashbacks, character POVs, and information dumps), there's also a grab bag of remaining points. The descriptions were hit-or-miss, sometimes descending into the dreamy amethyst realm of purple prose, and once in a startling while hitting an idea square on the head with no frills or fancy but plenty of image to carry it along. The author was also prone to a peculiar grammatical device wherein a description would trail off with an ellipsis... only to reveal something startling or deep! Or so I assume was the intended effect. It occurred frequently in the first chapters of the book then dropped off, thankfully. Its overuse in the beginning was a distraction. There was a sprinkling of plot points both yawn-inducingly predictable and honestly surprising. The repeated references to Langdon being from Harvard got annoying after a while -- yes, Dan, we get it, he's supposed to be smart. The romance (you knew there'd be romance, right?) was extremely awkwardly handled, popping up out of nowhere, forgotten for five chapters, then rearing its head again for a sentence before lurking in the shadows for another hundred pages. There was no buildup of romantic or sexual tension, and the few references to any feelings between the two characters before the last few chapters were ham-handedly obvious and out-of-place.<br/><br/>Disparaging diatribes and mixed miscellany aside, I feel compelled to end on a note of grace. The novel is a wild chase across two countries and through many eras of history, and as I watched the number of remaining pages dwindling, I did wonder how the author could possibly wrap this up. Considering the rest of the novel, my hopes were not high -- but Dan Brown surprised me. The novel does wrap up in a very satisfying manner in which it is easy to find a smile and a measure of peace.<br/><br/>Overall, despite large marks off for poorly-handled storytelling, I think this story is worth reading if you're in the mood for some easy and (forcibly) compelling reading with a generous dollop of intriguing facts and theories and a satisfying conclusion.
 Although I couldn't put the book down till I'd finished it, I can't quite say that it was all that great. For starters, there's just so many ideas which have blatantly been ripped out of Foucault's Pendulum (and some Baudolino) - the paris museum, templar knights, hidden secret which everyone's searching for... Seems to be somewhat of a toned down Eco for the intellectual proletariat!
 I had expected a better written book after reading the glowing reviews. The story is fast-paced and exciting at first, but it soon got predictable. Nonetheless, I give credit to the author, for his imaginative ideas. But! do not doubt that this is a poorly written book. It could/should have been better.
 I read this book after having read Lewis Perdue's _Daughter of God_ a couple of years ago, especially after the recent articles about Perdue's charge that _The DaVinci Code_ was based on his own. I was prepared to side with Brown, after all on the surface they share the common theme of early Christianity.<br/>After finishing, I think my first impression may have been wrong.
 I've never understood what all the fuss was about this book. I found it to be poorly written, cheesy, and juvenile -- not to mention boring. I was so bored that I stopped reading about 20 pages from the end.
 This book is everything its fans say it is.  The story is fast moving, intelligent, fascinating, and the mystery is wonderful.  Absolutely perfect.
 This is the best book I have read in a long time!  I loved the way Brown intertwines a great mystery thriller with puzzles and history.  From page 1, this is a page-turner.  I had to keep forcing myself to put it down to get anything else done.  I recommend this to people who love puzzles, number, history, and mysteries.  Don't be scared off by the religious themes - the possibilities explored in this book are fantastic and well worth the journey.
 I loved this book. Dan Brown is a wonderful author. Too bad the movie did not capture the tone of the book.<br/>I have also read all but one of his other books... also enjoyable.
 The DaVinci Code was genius.  You can tell that it took a lot of thought and research to write it.  The book is full of fictional characters intertwined in a real life setting, describing actual places in detail.  I know the book was controversial, but if you think about the geniusness that went into the book, you can just enjoy it and it doesn't matter whether you believe in its content or not. It _is_ a fictional book.  I think The DaVinci code proves the brilliance of Dan Brown.
 I began reading The Da Vinci Code with the idea that it was a superb book, due to the comments of several co-workers.  The book, it seemed at first, was very good.  It was riveting and exciting, with so many questions to answer that I couldn't put it down.  Even the religious theories were very compelling.  However, it soon came to a sudden stop.  Dan Brown, in an attempt to keep things interesting while exerting as little effort as possible, starts to flail around blindly in his attempts to further unfold his theories.  If this were not enough, he causes his characters to take a disappointing dive into the depths of stupidity, having them stumped by amateur riddles and kindergarten clues in an attempt to drag out his nonsense.  The book is then wrapped up in a "ha ha! tricked you" manner that did not appease my anger at having wasted my time.  The book, on the whole, reminded me of the stories that I used to write in middle school...which is very sad.
 A few thousand year old mystery kept secret is solved in just a few hours by the protaganists. I tried hard, really hard to enjoy this book but it is too light a book.<br/>Read the "Quincunx" instead.
 This is the second book in which Brown decides to make the Catholic Church look like a bunch of deceitful, fanatical, and desperate bunch of wackos.  Brown knows how to write a book, but I frankly am tired of all this speculation.  In this one, we find out what Brown thinks the Holy Grail is, and other assorted "facts" drawn through the ages.  Give it a rest, Dan.  You're a good writer, as shown in "Deception Point," but leave the church alone.<br/>NOT RECOMMENDED.
 Bottom line is, this book was a great read, I enjoyed it immensely and whether or not it is a truthful portrayal of Opus Dei or Mary Magdalene isn't really important.  It's just a book, take it as it is and enjoy it for what it is.
 I avoided reading "The Da Vinci Code" because I was afraid Dan Brown would ruin the theory of Mary Magdalene as Christ's sacred bride. Once the Catholic Church started clamoring about "The Da Vinci Code," I knew I should read the novel. I was so happy that Dan Brown stayed true to the theory laid out by Margaret Starbird and others.<br/><br/>The book's protagonist is Robert Langdon, Professor of Religious Symbology at Harvard University, who must solve the murder of the Louvre's curator. Langdon meets Sophie Nouve, the curator's granddaughter and a detective. The two must discover who killed the curator and why. Along the way, they follow clues and ancient riddles The book includes references to the Holy Grail, Priory of Sion, Knights Templar, Roslyn Chapel, and of course, Mary Magdalene. The book even cites "The Templar Revelation," "The Woman With the Alabaster Jar," and "The Goddess in the Gospels."
 The Da Vinci Code is absolutely the best book that I've read this year.  The characters are so believable, the research so meticulous, the premise so strong that I had to keep reminding myself that it is FICTION.  It definitely rocked my "cradle-Catholic" upbringing!  I finished the book in one sitting, you probably will too!
 Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code is quite possibly the greatest marriage of historical facts and historical fiction. Without revealing too much, I'll begin.<br/><br/>In its basic form the Da Vinci Code is about a secret held by the Catholic Church...a secret that can change the world. It all begins in a Paris Museum and goes from there.<br/><br/>Clues are discovered and left in a way that a definite pattern emerges, and it is as if we are being led down the path of what just might be the greatest secret. You must remember though, this is a book of fiction. Don't take it too seriously, and you'll find one of the best novels written.
 it's stupid that people criticize this book because they disagree with the point made by the main characters.  Either way it's a thriller...shock after shock it will keep you enthralled.  You don't have to agree with the rather revolutionary point (although somewhat ficticious) presented...it's fantastically written...meticulously edited...and an absolute joy to read.
 I knew better than to take this book at anything more than what it is: A work of fiction. With that approach, I found it very fun to read. The plot is interesting, the characters are well written and believable, and there is enough back-story to help suspend disbelief.
 Give me a break! I was lead to believe this was something special, it's not. Poorly written,poorly (biased) research that<br/>will lead all the gullibles to the band wagon.<br/>  The characters, the plot, the very idea are laughable. Look<br/>elsewhere for the truth.
 Dan Brown, the author, has stolen most of his material from others and has tried to pawn it off as unique. Oh jeez, the writing is sub-par and the content is shallow. If you buy this book, I assure you that you will be disappointed with what you get. The book received a great deal of hype -- but, so did O.J. Simpson's trial. Try another title, like The Tale of the Devil: The Biography of Devil Anse Hatfield, or West Virginia Tough Boys. Shoot, try "I'm A Soldier, Too!" Anything would be better that this hard-bound dissapointment. Ugh.
 This book is by no means a classic but it will keep you entertained while you're reading it.  There are some interesting ideas and surprising moments in the text but nothing extraordinary.  This book will remind you of the new Star Wars series where the action and on-screen visuals are spectacular but the overall product is a little hollow.
 This book was definitely an exciting read, but I have to question many of the author's theories. I also felt that the characters were pretty one-dimensional and even unbelievable at times. The plot device of finding each clue and solving it got a little bit tedious at times. However, it was a quick and fun read.
 this is a surpisingly easy book to read in spite of it's heady material.  It is very easy to get onboard w/ Brown's premise particularly if you do a little digging of your own and it is about time bibilical, art and religous history  are given more than "mueseum" treatment.  Pass it along to others, it is a boolk that begs to be discussed.
 Da Vinci Code is a book with only one thing going for it, its presentiation of certian theories of chrisitian history.  It does not have interesting characters, plot or settings.  It certainly does not have good writing.  I only give it two stars because unlike its predecessor, Angels and Demons, I was able to finish it.  If, like me, you've read all the same books as Dan Brown and are familiar with the theories, this book has nothing to offer.<br/>His characters are shallow and any information on them is dropped in dead chunks of exposition.  His entire book takes place in 24 hours so the settings have no depth.  There is one particular scene in which a character is bound and prays for forgiveness, after which the authorial voice bashed its way in and declares that the prayer will be answered.  This sort of foreshadowing is reminscent of the worst of 1930's pulp writing and should have been caught and killed by any competent editor.  I mention it because he used the same technique in Angels and Demons (causing me to throw the book across the room).<br/>His characters remind me of rejects from a James Bond movie.  Rejected for being too over the top to be realistic.  Although, in all fairness, I did get all the way through Da Vinci Code, which I was unable to do with Angels and Demons.<br/>Please go read Douglas Preston and Lincoln Childs (Relic, Reliquary, Cabinet of Curiosities, Still Life with Crows) or F. Paul Wilson's Repairman Jack series.  (Tomb etc.)
 Yes, the topic of the Holy Grail can be found ad nauseum on-line or in conspiracy theory books, but, regardless, I found The Da Vinci Code hard to put down. It is intriguing even if it can be somewhat predictable, I lerned a lot and his sources and interesting factiouds throughout the book make the plot and the central idea seem even more credible. It definitely caught my attention and Dan Brown has earned my respect as a fiction writer.
 I can't believe I even wasted my time with this book.  To be fair, the writing was serviceable and the plot was "unusual".  The sheer absurdity of the plot and ignorance of Western history, however, was impossible to get through.  I suppose that's half the fun for those who enjoyed the book, but there are an alarming number of people who seem to believe the veracity of the author's "research".  What Mr. Brown really does is "cite" a bunch of ridiculous cult anti-histories that prefer paranoia and cover-ups to verifiable historical fact.  Two examples:<br/>1.  The description of Gothic cathedrals as having "a...long hollow nave as a secret tribute to a woman's womb", serving as a tribute to the "goddess".  The reality is verifiable through any book on the history of architecture.  The cathedral is actually a logical progression from Roman public buildings, which included naves, and had nothing to do with the worship of a "goddess", emperor worship being the official and chief Roman religion.<br/>2. Brown claims that the tetragrammaton YHWH derives from "Jehovah, an androgynous physical union between the mascualine Jah and the pe-Hebraic name for Eve, Havah", as a means of supporting his notion that Jews secretly worshipped a feminine counterpart to the male deity through prostitutes in the Temple.  In reality, Jehovah was a 16th Century creation, the name of God as found by combining the vowels of the Hebrew word for God (Adonai).<br/>As a work of fiction The Da Vinci Code is passable entertainment.  The sheer effort required to ignore the numerous re-inventions of history and suspend disbelief in the face of such implausable conspiracies, however, make reading it a chore for anyone who is even moderately educated about any of the issues it touches on.
 The Da Vinci Code is, by every definition of the word, a masterpiece. The way Dan Brown weaves facts with fiction and religion is pure brilliance. It, then, should be no surprise why this books are some of the best selling of all time. And yet, it is disheartening to see some people take the book so seriously--it is a work of fiction people. Fiction. The intrigue and mystery are merely bonus elements in the prose. If there is only one book you read, make it Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code.
 This book is to Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum" as a microwaved corn dog is to a five course meal with matched wines.<br/>The corn dog's quicker, but you'll enjoy the meal more.<br/>Hack-iest writing device: I counted at least FIVE CHAPTERS that ended with "...and (so-and-so) was so amazed, they couldn't begin to believe what they saw."
 This is an "okay" read. Plot moves along quickly. The writing style and approach to "mysteries" seemed a little formulaic.  I also didn't like the mixing of fact and fiction. So many false and half-truth statements made by characters who were "experts" in their fields, but presented as accepted "facts" annoyed me. Illustrations in this edition were a nice touch---helpful in bringing the book to life. I would not recommend this book to an avid reader. It is too much like so many other mysteries. But it would be a good read for someone new to the genre.
 You'd have to be fool to think this is a good novel.  As pure fiction it's badly written and unimaginative.  But, of course, it postures as "possible history."  As "possible" as the Protocols of the Elders of Zion!  It's a pure play at widely held prejudices.  Nothing more.
 Both books, The Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons were both excellent reads. Will definitely reread over and over again. When i went to order, i thought this was  the regular fully illustrated versions of the books. When i recieved the books, however, i found that weren't that. The only part that was illustrated was the inside covers of both books. But again....both wonderful books in a nice set.
 Okay, Mr. Brown, keeps upping himself with each successive novel.  This is a book not to be missed.  I dare you to put this book down once you start reading.  It starts with a gruesome death in the Louvre and continues with an unfolding mystery that spans continents, centuries, and will blow away your conceptions about the "accepted" histories of art and religion.  This book deserves to be a major bestseller!  (And don't forget to read all his other books, too!)--James Rollins
 Dan Brown has written an excellent novel with a HIGHLY entertaining plot; entertaining being the operative word. In response to Darth Wader's review in particular, as well as any other Christian reader who decided they needed to bash Mr. Brown's novel, did you ever think maybe Mr. Brown is just an intelligent man who came up with a cool idea for a story to ENTERTAIN his readers?<br/><br/>I don't see how your "defense" of Christianity or the existence of Christ can merit a full throttled bashing of a man's well written and highly entertaining popular novel. If I have it right, isn't there a reference in God's word to judgement and how we shouldn't go around judging others? You have your faith; even I have mine. If your faith is so strong, then why waste your time giving a bad review to a man who wrote a book and certainly doesn't deserve a bad review?<br/><br/>And if he is attacking the Christian religion, so what? Stop crying about it. If your are so sure of the existence of Christ, which I believe you are, you don't need to parade around spouting proof to disprove another author's word.<br/><br/>Let's start using Amazon reviews as a means to review a piece of literature for other prospective readers, and not as a vehicle for witnessing to the masses. There is an appropriate place for witnessing, and here is not it.
 Easily one of the best books I have ever read. It had a very good, very twisty plot that was outstanding. I loved the short chapters than made for easy reading. Treat yourself to this masterpiece. Angels and Demons which also features the same character is also a great read.
 In his final agonies, Jacques Saunieres takes a tour of the Louvre. Then, contrary to everything you learned about physiology, as he dies he aligns himself in the pose of one of Leonardo da Vinci's best-known images. Accompanied by invisible written messages. That a person with a bullet in his guts would find these tasks impossible is irrelevant. This is a conspiracy thriller and you must set reason aside. Saunieres' posture, various leavings around the Louvre, including the messages, and the fact that he has a granddaughter named Sophie  "wisdom" in the event you've forgotten your Antiquities 101 course] are all part of A Grand Scheme. Or Schema. Or something. Whatever it is, Brown gathers some obscure mythology, some devious plotting, some innocents abroad and weaves them all into a fast-paced, exciting story of plausible scenarios. Pick it up and it will remain open until you close the final page.<br/><br/>American Robert Langdon, an antiquarian from Harvard, is brought in to explain the messages  nobody bothers to explain about the physiology]. Then, to keep the plot moving, Langdon's charged with Saunieres' murder. The real murderer, however, is more than just elusive. He's a monk. An albino, a feature which should make him glare like a torch to observers. Silas the Silent gets about like a wraith, fed the information he needs to accomplish his tasks by the Teacher. The Teacher is an obscure figure, communicating only when he wishes and remaining well apart from the activity. Is the Teacher a key figure in this tale? Is the Teacher THE key figure in this imaginitive story? You betchum! But his identity remains securely stowed away until the final chapters.<br/><br/>Any story starting in Paris is bound to lead elsewhere with most authors, but not this one. Even with plots and conspiracies involving the Vatican and antiquities' scholarship, this account takes two sidesteps to Castle Gandolfo and one to near London. We aren't allowed in to any of the Italian museums. We learn something about the title's namesake, but only what is needed for the conspiracy to unfold. We never even make it to Harvard. However, in a bizarre jaunt, Brown conveys us to Scotland! What on earth is pertinent to Leonardo da Vinci in a remote town in auld Caledonia? The Grail! So, instead of Indiana Jones grubbing in the deserts of Arabia for the Grail, we have a Harvard academic and a goddess of Wisdom poking about in the stones near Scone in the age-old quest. It's good Grail fare. These days you can plunk the Grail down anywhere on the planet and make a story of it. And Brown has done just that. It's a good read and raises some interesting questions. But you have to leave your credibilty at the entrance to the Louvre.  stephen a. haines - Ottawa, Canada]
 I am a thirteen year old girl who lives in a really small town. There isn't much to do, so I have always been a very active reader. I bought this book, and started reading it about a week later. Once I picked it up, I couldn't put it down. I had it finished in less than two days time. I loved it! It is an amazing book, I suggest it to anyone and everyone!
 If anyone believes that what they're reading in this book is truth, I would ask you to contact me, as I have some great swamp land in Arizona for sale. Virtually everything that Dan Brown claims is "factual" is so wrong it's ludicrous, and what he actually gets right you would have to say, "So what?" Read it as pure fiction, and it's merely in bad taste. Read it as "truth" and you've been conned by a great con artist who couldn't take the time to check his historical facts to see if they were actually true. The story is okay, but it is one long chase scene, and Dan Brown is clearly no Robert Ludlum. This book is great for those who like to be duped. If you'd prefer to read historical novels that are faithful to historical facts, pick up a book by Paul L. Maier. They are excellent! Forget this book. You can do better.
 First of all, it's awful as a novel.  It's not a great thriller, as its fans contend.  It's awful.  Anyone who compares it with the competition knows this.  Dan Brown is not much of a writer.<br/><br/>Second, its historical pretensions are ridiculous -- and Dan Brown knows that they are.  The central idea -- that conventional Christianity was invented by Constantine the Great centuries after Christ -- is completely untenable.  We have references from outside the church recognizing Christian beliefs (e.g., the divinity of Christ) as far back as the Pliny the Younger at the beginning of the second century.  Also, we know that heterodox church traditions outside the Roman world, in Assyria and India, accepted the divinity of Christ without any pressure from Constantine.  Dan Brown's historical folderol is about equivalent to claiming that Richard the Lionhearted was the father of William the Conqueror: it's completely upside down.<br/><br/>But Dan Brown is gifted with a peculiar marketing genius -- and deserves all the millions he can earn from it.  He knew exactly what kinds of historical falsifications he could market to the book-buying public.<br/><br/>He's certainly shining much brighter than his fans -- who have to be the most gullible creatures who have ever glanced at a page of print.
 Unlike many reviews I found the book quite compelling.Mystery, Crytography and riddles throughout kept your mind busy.With a plot of religious background it makes this quite a thinking person's novel. I strongly recommend it and will look forward to reading his other books.
 Da Vinci code is in the top 5 books I have ever read. It is both interesting and surprising.  Fiction doesn't have to be possible just believable.  Dan Brown makes the unlikely believable.
 I guess I'm one of those people who are looking for a rare gem to read, and was fooled into thinking I had found that gem. After all, how can 40 million readers be wrong? The DaVinci Code doesn't really deserve to be this successful, as it is not very original in its language, or truly spellbinding. The positive thing: I finally found that gem I was looking for. Creator, by Michael A. Hills, also deals with an alternative Jesus reality, yet this book is written par excellence. For most people the DaVinci Code is sufficient entertainment. Those looking for precious things though will have to look else where.
 I have never actually read a book from back to front, but my sister advised me to read this one and stick with it. I did this and was totally amazed how it gripped me. I could not put the book down, which at times cause a little friction in the household as everything was put on hold until i finished it. Having finished the book it inspired me to read on and i have since purchased other Dan Brown titles which i am currently fighting to read. I am not a religious person but still found this book very interesting and i think this was mainly to do with the non stop twists which seemes to be on every page.<br/><br/>I recommend anyone to read this book..!!<br/><br/>J.P.
 This is one of those rare books that captures your attention immediately and is hard to put down!  I thoroughly enjoyed this book and found it very entertaining.  I know this is a lot of controversy around this book (which is true of anything dealing with religion), but whether you agree with the concepts--it's definitely a good read!
 I am constantly amazed at the assertions I hear people make regarding the excellent story contained in the DaVinci code.  It was embarrassingly weak and the characters were very one-dimensional.  The Bourne Identity it wasn't.  I took solace in the fact that the derth of religious information, Brown claims to be fact, was really quite interesting.  Unfortunately I wasn't allowed to enjoy even that for very long as I have read or heard most of his assertions debunked by those far more in the know in their particular fields than Brown. I wish I could have the time spent reading The DaVinci Code back so I could substitute a read of real entertainment or intellectual value.  In the past I have avoided reading fads.  It was a mistake to deviate from that rule; I won't again.
 Maybe the characters are a little flat and last quarter lacks the strength of the rest of the book; but, if for no other reason than this book got me to look at "The Last Supper" it was worth it.<br/>Yet, it was better than just that.  I looked forward to each reading and forced myself to put it down each night.  I don't think about religion and art much, so it was a bit of a catalyst for me.  A perfect book, no; one I'd recommend to all my friends, absolutely.
 I just finished "The DaVinci Code", and I must say, it's the best book I've read in a while.  While I'm not going to call it "great literature", it's a fast paced thriller/mystery that keeps you turning the pages long after you should have turned the lights out.
 Top marks for being a good read and low marks for accuracy.  If the book didn't try to assert that the historical and art references are in fact real, it'd be a more honest work.  Any potential reader just needs to remember the the entire book is fiction and a mystery not a theological treatise
 What is amazing about this book is that it actually made its way into print and then was received as an intelligent work.  Having lived in Paris, I can vouch that the descriptions of that city bear no relation to reality.  The supposedly intelligent characters spend most of their time gasping in amazement over the obvious.  The presumed history is anything but, and even the premise of the book, lifted freely from the Rennes-le-Chateau enigma in southern France, has been deformed beyond recognition.  And lastly, the book is a rather large slur against Catholicism, painting the Church of Rome as alternately incompetent and psychopathic.  I suppose that the book would not have annoyed me so much had it not come so highly recommended, and had not the author suggested that his work was factually accurate.  I'm sorry to say it (I can't recall every giving a book one star), but at nearly every level, this book is just so much schlock.
 Fast paced read full of twists and turns.  The only reason I read it was because of the hype.  It was well worth the afternoon it took to complete it.  It is not written for theologians, history buffs, or those obsessed with facts.  It is a product of the author's imagination, it is not fact, it is fiction. Great book and if you can get the illustrated version, it is even more fascinating.
 Everytime you think youve got it figured, you realize you dont.  Everytime you think you know where its headed, you ralize its gone in a totally different direction.<br/>Keeps you guessing, makes you think, if you love art, art history, and its influences on religion, this is a must read.<br/>Who knew a great murder mystery could be so smart?<br/>I really enjoyed The Da Vinci Code
 This is by far one my favorite stories of all time!  It was a superb murder mystery filled with lots of historical places, biblical themes, religious intrigue, and more!  It was the quintessential 'page turner' - and so much better than the movie.  If you like this one, you should check out 'Sinners and Social Workers' by Norah S. Bernard.
 This novel totally captivated me. From the moment I unwrapped it after ordering it from Amazon.com, I was sucked into the story. It is a relentlessly well-told story. I read the first 25 pages standing up in the kitchen, before moving to the living room where I was held hostage by this gripping tale. I was just in the mood for a good, plot-driven book. And this novel delivers. Certainly do yourself a favor and buy this book! Also highly recommended: East Of Eden by Steinbeck, The Losers' Club by Richard Perez
 I'll not get into the details of the plot to avoid spoilers.<br/>Regardless on where you stand on these issues religiously, this is a masterfully written novel. Sure, it may not be historically accurate... but who cares? This is not supposed to be history. It's fiction, and it's really good at it. The plot grips you at the beginning and never lets you go. The characters are not that well developed but the storyline is so good that it doesn't matter so much. Great work!
 Ignore all the negative reviews. I hate thrillers. Never touch them. Resisted reading this book for the longest time, but finally caved. Thank goodness! I could  not put it down. Dan Brown's abilities as a story teller leave me breathless.  And for all those who attack the premise, remember this is fiction!
 This book was so unreal, it was hard to decipher fact from fiction. I am a full time student and have virtually no time for extra curricular reading because they tend to be too time demanding. Although this book was lengthy, I read it in three days during my winter break. The Da Vinci Code is captivating, insightful, intriguing, and blantantly smart. In order for me to be drawn into a book, the writing must compel from the start. Dan Brown's writing does just that.
 I tried to like this book; gave the author the benefit of the doubt all the way through, but at the end I was so disappointed. What a waste of paper! The characters were mediocre, the plot line drolled on and on, and the conclusion was anticlimatic with just plain silliness. It is obvious that this author has been scorned by the church, and this nonsensical and disconnected book is his revenge. I mean really, the French all upset about some kind of religious sex act? Like they even care about strange religious tendencies. As far as the Jesus/Mary line, just because the author wishes it to be true, doesn't make it so. Attacking religious traditions is so tired and transparent. This author preaches to the disgruntled choir to make a buck.
 I must say, I read a lot, and I usually move from one book to the other without much thought... but I LOVE this book! I finished it on Thurs. and gave it to my officemate on Friday, she's almost done it now. As soon as I get it back from her I'm going to re-read it.<br/>It really opens your mind to the possibility that history, especially church history isn't always what it seems.  Very well researched and documented.
 I decided to read this book because of the hype around it. I was pleasantly surprised, the writing style is very good and narrative. I even almost believed some of the theories were true. Don't be fooled, it's fiction. Jesus did not go to France and the holy grail is not what the book describes it to be..<br/>Excellent reading though!!
 This book is great!  I got it and the movie for Christmas.  I finished the book and then watched the movie.  Hands down the book is far better than the movie.  Actually, I wouldn't recommend watching the movie after reading the book--too much is left out.  As for the book, it was hard to put down.  Unlocking all the codes with Langdon was quite and adventure.  I also found myself looking up some of the clues online to get a more visual effect.
 Dan Brown has done an excellent job bringing to light new ways of looking at Christ as a human being.  Although nothing regarding Dan's primise is biblically subsantiated, it does lead one to think of a Christ with non conventional dynamics. I highly recomend this book to those who like to think and challange the conservitive convention of religion.<br/>David C.
 Yeah I read "The DaVinci Code" Wanted to know what all the fuss was about.  No question it IS a page turner.  You will finish it quickly.  I also read fairy tales quickly when I was a kid. The story is a fantasy.  In fact the entire "wild goose chase" in the book takes place in France and England, through the Louvre, hyper secure Swiss banks, french countrysides, English airports, the Westminster Abbey, you name it -- all -- in less than 24 hours.  Go figure.  Paleese!  Look I'm not shocked or insulted over the religious "revelations" but give me a break...make the darn story feasible!  A total waste of time.  Save your money.
 It is a page-tuner and an entertaining book. I like it.  It's only a novel; people take it too seriously.<br/><br/>If you want to hang onto the intrigue of the book, don't read "Holy Blood &amp; Holy Grail".  If you want to ruin it, then read it.  "Holy Blood &amp; Holy Grail" has an opposite effect on me than its intended purpose.  Not only it did not convince me, it drove me way off due to its many flaws in reasoning.
 I could hardly put it down. I loved how all the different characters' storylines were interwoven. Very clever writing. Interesting historical factoids.
 This book is miserable, poorly written, painful to read on multiple levels: science, cryptography, language, plot, characters, logic. As a friend put it, there are so many twists in the plot that the novel resembles a mix of Femme a la Resille and Drawing Hands.
 This book was a bunch of hooey. Save your money and your time.
 I have read many books and no other piece of literary work has captured my attention in this fashion from page 1 and on.  I doubt I will ever find another book of this caliber.  HUGE fan!
 If you feel strongly about your Christian beliefs, you won't like this book.  It contains a major plot point that mocks basic doctrines of Christianity, such as the authenticity of the gospel and the resurrection and diety of Jesus Christ.  I put the book down for good at the halfway mark.<br/>Personal beliefs aside, I thought the book was slow.  The short chapters made the book seem fast-paced at first, but you begin to see through this trick as you find yourself wading through redundant flashbacks and unnecessary exposition.<br/>I also found Robert Langdon, the lead character, way too passive for my taste.  In a story like this, I expect the lead character to be assertive, charismatic, clever, and resourceful.  Robert Langdon came across as a sleepy bookworm stuck in the backseat of a chase scene.<br/>The puzzles in the book were a creative idea, but when the riddle of the Holy Grail was "revealed," I lost interest in the book altogether.  Maybe I'll find a more appealing and less offensive mystery on my next trip to the bookstore.
 I HATE the way this book jumps from sceen to sceen every two or three pages. It really breaks up the continuity of the narrative. I am sick and tired of reading books that were obviously written as a screen play.<br/><br/>I wish the autor had just picked a point of view and stuck with it. I found the book very tough going. Every time I would become involved in the story he would kill my interest by jumping to a different character's point of view.
 I liked this novel because it's a book that you just won't want to put down. It's got everything from suspense to murder. The book starts out a little slow but towards the middle of the novel is when the book gets better. This book takes place in England and France. Some of the main characters include Robert Langdon, Sophi Neveu, and Fache. What I don't really like about the book is that the author jumps around from chapter to chapter. I found it to be distracting. My brother-in-law read this book and recommended this book to me. Despite the book starting off slowly, I would recommend it to anyone. I am not a big novel reader but if you like a murder mystery then you will like this book.The DaVinci Code is a page turner.
 As Edgar Allan Poe said about 'Pilgrim's Progress', "ludicrously overrated book," and also in the case of 'The Da Vinci Code' the film is even worse!
 the rage will be short live surviving only in church book clubs and oprah fans. a page turner all admitt, however, the premise of controversial religious topic is the real suspect to blame for gluing your finger to the page. the writting was mediocre not to ripe the book apart but i was just as enthused by picking up a goosebumps book. only suggestion- read it for yourself the opinions seem to vary drastically
 This is a book that you may only uncover once in a lifetime. It has great bookb however some say that it is anti-cristian which it just may be. It invoves murder of a very important personand how Robert Langdon attempts to solve it with a cryptographer. He is also being chased as he attempts to solve the murder by a very senior agent, Bezu Fache. Read about him as he uncovers frighteningly startling things about Da Vince's Work.
 An entertaining book for puzzle-lovers.  But my goodness, am I seriously supposed to believe that the Louvre Museum has actual bars of soap!  C'est incroyable!  Everyone uses liquid soap these days!
 WOW, this has to be the best Novel that I have ever picked up. It has a great story yes and it has taken me on a journey through history with an introduction to facts that has challenged a lot of the things that I have been taught growing up. I could not put this book down and eventually when i did put the book down I found myself picking it up again. This novel is more than a suspense thriller, its a history novel told aboard a very intriguing story....its a must read
 First of all, this has been one of the best books I have read. The flow of the story and the suspense are two great reasons for picking up this book. But the fact that this book has been well researched and is able to mix real life with fiction made me like it even more. This is a great gift. Anyone who picks up this book won't want to stop reading until it's over with.
 Just incredible in keeping the reader's interest in having to find out the story.  The mix of fact and fiction was just beautifully done.  Terrific way to tell a complex story.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Transcendental-Sojourn/dp/1436337143/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Transcendental Sojourn</a>
 Robert Langdon, a renowned expert on codes and arcane symbiology, finds himself enmeshed in a conspiracy involving the Vatican, a far-right-wing Roman-Catholic sect, an over-zealous Parisianne detective, the Louvre's curator, his beautiful and brilliant cryptologist granddaughter, a secret and centuries-old society and the works of aLeonard Da Vinci.  On a working vacation in the city of lights, Langdon is called to the Louvre to comment on the murder of Monsieur Sauniere, its curator, whose body has been found amid the Western world's greatest collection of art.  At first, Langdon is told that he's needed to explain the mysterious condition of the victim - splayed to resemble Da Vinci's "Vitruvian Man", and covered with symbols hinting at a deeper-then-average understanding of codes by the victim or the killer.  The action ratchets up a notch when Langdon is warned by Sophie - Sauniere's estranged granddaughter -  that the police's interest is not quite academic: when first arriving on the scene, one of Sauniere's mysterious messages found by the police was Langdon's own name - making him the obvious suspect.  Skeptical, Sophie urges Langdon to run, knowing that this will only cement suspicions against him.  On the run, Langdon and Sophie - herself a police cryptologist - piece together clues left behind by her grandfather.  It soon becomes clear that the elder Sauniere was the grand master of a known yet still impenetrable secret society, one possessing knowledge that may shake the foundations of the western world.  Unfortunately, the order was not secret enough, and a mysterious assassin has managed to identify its key leaders and murder them.  Now only Langdon and Sophie remain to find and save the secret, pursued by the police and by the assassin himself.  Can they find the secret - and if they do, will it be enough to save them.  Should the secret be found at all?<br/><br/>I admit I was prepared to hate "Code", partly because of the hype, but mostly because it seldom stopped hinting at an earlier Brown book, the horrible "Digital Fortress" - which also involved codes, code-breaking by unusually intelligent individuals, and a psychotic assassin.  That said, "Code" was at least satisfying in its first half and came alive in its second as a well-paced thriller that easily compensates for its weaknesses.  Unlike "Fortress", "Code" is more of an ensemble piece - Brown wisely hooks the hero up with other characters: besides Sophie, there's a wealthy and franco-phobic British ex-pat who knows so much, you're wondering if he's broken the code himself.  While Brown sets up the Church to take the fall as the novel's heavies (the ancient secret, from early on in the story, is one long suppressed by the church; also, Langdon's French pursuer is both politically ambitious and a loyal Catholic), a more threatening and mysterious character is soon made the story's true villain.<br/><br/>"Code" is fun, though it pays to know when the story should and must not be taken seriously.  The novel has taken pot-shots for its bleak light on the Church, though its punches are light - signaling that it takes little in this day and age to establish a dim view of organized religion, and also that Brown doesn't so much as undermine traditional religious teachings as he does just present alternative theories accepted as true by his heroes.  The real villains of course are us - the ignorant masses who blithely weave ancient and highly spiritual symbols and ideas into our daily lives without making the slightest attempt to understand or appreciate them (yet unsurprisingly buy Brown's books).  All religions seem to thrive on this ignorance, in Brown's estimation, with Catholicism falling victim to Brown likely due to its longetivity - it's been exploiting that ignorance of the "deeper secret" longer than most faiths.  (New-ageism rates hardly a mention, and Brown never explains how the secret's revelation will have any effect on those who simply don't care that much about religion in general.  Brown hints at a shallow knowledge of Judaism likely confused with the Hellenized brand of the latter second-Temple era.)  The pacing so smoothly ramps up the suspense in the second half, that by then, you've forgotten how much of the first half involved Langdon simply telling Sophie various bits of arcane knowledge, essentially reminding you how smart he is.  The protagonists know so much, you begin to wonder if the story will leave enough of a secret for them to find, or if the secret really is secret at all.  You also forget how shamelessly the story trades on your willingness to presume that some characters may turn out for the worse based simply on their being Catholic prelates or simply loyal Catholics at all.  And you don't really mind how Brown's heroes rely less on common sense for the most part then on some obscure knowledge that just happens to come to mind when it comes in handy.  Nothing in "Code" is likely to change anybody's mind about.  It's a fun read when you remember that it's mostly a well-written chunk of pop-suspense - one most enjoyable when you don't try to imagine its based on the so-called kernel-of-truth.
 OK.  Lots of people have appropriately eviscerated portions of this book for being (often eggregriously) inaccurate.  However, it's marked as fiction, and not non-fiction, so I don't see why that would prove surprising.  At it's best, in terms of analogies, I would think this is fictionally equivalent to the movie "JFK".  In other words, potentially intriguing, mostly enjoyable, but horrifically flawed in terms of the interconnection of key 'facts.'<br/>With that being said, the I actually found this book to be patently absurd for reasons specific to its fictional elements within the Thriller genre.<br/>Essentially, the *entire* book comes down to this sequence (in broad generalizations so as not to spoil it anymore than other reviews have):<br/>*  &lt;&lt;initial setup&gt;&gt;<br/>*  Arrive at Location<br/>*  Pontificate in a manner and breadth that no human ever would<br/>*  &lt;&lt;repeat steps 2-3 incessantly&gt;&gt;<br/>*  &lt;&lt;conclusion&gt;&gt;<br/>Oh yes, and all of this is done in one day, with no appreciable, discernible, inferrential loss of stamina or lucidity among the primary protagonists.  It's stultifyingly amazing!<br/>Perhaps instead of a 'thriller' for his next book, Dan Brown could write a fitness manual that prescribes the appropriate mix of exercise and gensing to achieve and maintain these levels.  NOW that would be a book worth reading.
 A fast-paced thriller you will be unable to put down!! A brilliant combination of actual history and true biography of the Master painter himself combined with a mystery with a surprise at the end-nice fast reading for a day (as that is all you will need) at the beach! Not a true work of heavy duty literature and at times reads like a Sydney Sheldon novel; nonetheless keeps you at the end of your seat till the last page. A great summer thriller!
 This book is every bit as awful as its most perceptive critics say. The prose reads as if extracted from a trash compactor in which an average thriller, a volume of pseudo-intellectual art history and a tourist guidebook to Paris and London have been mashed together. This is the 'Plan 9 From Outer Space' of 'intellectual' thrillers. All those millions who bought this book must be reading for laughs."
 Having the illustrations made reading this book so much easier.  The pictures are beautiful and enlightening... especially for someone who has never been to France!
 For a long time, I held out on reading The Da Vinci Code. A bunch of my friends &amp; some folks at work were reading it and passing it around, but I had already read another book by author Dan  Brown and I didn't like it very much. Digital Fortress, written before The Da Vinci Code, is a similar thriller that takes place within a facility for super-computing, and it gets a lot of the computer stuff wrong. That annoyed me, and I knew that if Dan Brown's book about computer stuff-what I do for a living-annoyed me that much, then his book about Christianity-my reason for living-would be just painful.<br/><br/>So I avoided the book for a while, but with the movie coming out, I found myself getting involved in more and more conversations about it. Friends wanted to know what I thought, and being the curious person I am, I knew I had to read the book to find out for myself.<br/><br/>And I'm glad I did, though I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to you. I'll tell you why soon. But first, in this review, I want to tell you<br/><br/>A quick summary of the plot, characters, and summary of this book<br/><br/>Some of the things I liked about it, and some of the things that bothered me<br/><br/>Finally, some guidelines for figuring out if this is a book you may want to read or avoid.<br/><br/>Let me start by give you a quick outline of the plot: It's a murder-mystery, that quickly turns into a mystery about a secret that could "devastate the very foundations of mankind."  The story begins with gruesome details of the murder of Jacques Saunier, a fictional curator of the Louvre museum. His body is disfigured with some unusual markings and symbols, and an American named Robert Langdon, and expert from the made-up department of Symbology at Harvard University, is called in to investigate. His investigation with French special forces is interrupted when a woman named Sophie Neveu-a police cryptographer who also happens to be the murdered man's estranged granddaughter--warns him that he's not there just to investigate, he's also a suspect! Together Robert and Sophie outwit the police as they escape to track down clues to solve Saunier's murder. The clues connect with secret societies and their rituals, hints hidden in architecture and art (especially that of Leonardo Da Vinci, hence the name), links to elite power structures within the Catholic church, and the quest for the holy grail.<br/><br/>Now, if this were just a grail mystery, that would be one thing. But Dan Brown redefines the grail to mean a long-suppressed secret, that Mary Magdalene of the Bible represents the "Sacred Feminine," a goddess figure that Jesus married and intended to build his church until her power was snatched away by Peter and his contemporaries. By the way, the book also contends that Jesus and Mary Magdalene had a child, named her Sarah, and spirited her away to France, where her offspring founded a line of French kings.<br/><br/>Needless to say, that last assertion bothered me. More than a little.<br/><br/>Before I get to the annoying stuff, let me tell you what I liked about this book.<br/><br/>First, it was a good mystery. Well-paced and well-written, it had me turning the pages, eager for the next set of clues, trying to figure out where it would all lead. I also enjoyed the puzzles, which were fun to solve (btw, even though it goes against my grain on multiple levels, there's a fun set of Google/DVC-themed puzzles on this site:  ...])<br/><br/>I also enjoyed the characters. They intrigued me, and I wanted to know more about them. Robert Langdon, to be played by Tom Hanks in the upcoming movie, is a dashing, humble hero who uses intellect, wit, and his vast storehouse of academic knowledge to help solve the mystery. Sophie Neveu is also compelling, although as the book advanced she got ditzier and ditzier, mindlessly serving up rhetorical devices to let the male characters launch into their rail-against-Christianity diatribes and monologues.<br/><br/>Another interesting character is Leigh Teabing, a Grail historian and friend of Langdon. In the movie, he'll be played by fun-to-watch Ian McKellan (aka Gandalf, aka Magneto!). Teabing is interesting because he is so interestingly believable. He has an authoritative voice, and uses it to give voice to Brown's conspiracy theories in a way that they come off sounding solid, realistic, and entirely understandable.<br/><br/>Many of the things Teabing said bothered me. The novel clips along pretty smoothly until he shows up. Prior to his entry into the plotline, I noticed a few annoying mis-facts and historical inaccuracies, but nothing too egregious, up until about page 250-ish. That's when Teabing starts to "reveal" history about the Christian church that's just not true. Among his assertions were that Jesus was not considered divine until the fourth century (not true: he was recognized as the Messiah almost from the instant of his birth; writings as far back as the first century make clear reference to his divinity), that the books of the Bible were not selected until the Council of Nicea in 325 AD, (also not true: the 4 Gospels in our Bible today were written within the lifespan of eyewitnesses of Jesus' life and death, and were circulated together from very early on; the selection of Gospels was not even an issue during the council of Nicea); that early Christian leaders were involved in a cover-up to conceal the sacred feminine (now this is just plain silly-early Christians were too busy hiding out and trying to not get arrested by Romans and fed to lions to pull off a conspiracy like this), and that there's a "secret knowledge" that brings a selected few closer to God through ritualistic sex (even if you leave out the sex, it's still way off-base, especially when you contrast the book's claim of "secret knowledge" or "gnosis" with what The Bible calls "epignosis" or "full knowledge" of God's love and forgiveness which is available to all people.).<br/><br/>It's this kind of stuff-plus the pile-up of all the little historical inaccuracies, that kept me from enjoying the book.<br/><br/>So, is this a book that you would enjoy? As a Christian, I'd recommend you read it if you like murder mysteries (but if it's a good mystery-read you're after,  I can recommend dozens more that are better, starting with This Present Darkness and the Left Behind series), AND you're secure in what you believe AND/OR you know the facts and are willing to do some research. If you do read it, for help with the research I'd suggest you pick up one of the many companion books that delineate the facts from fabrication, such as The Truth behind the Da Vinci Code by Richard Abanes or  Exploring the Da Vinci Code by Garry Poole and Lee Strobel.<br/><br/>I would not recommend this book to you if you're not a big reader or if you're not too crazy about mystery novels. You should also avoid this book if you don't want to be bothered with trying to figure out what's true and what's unreliable from a historical perspective. I would also not recommend this book if you're just curious and want to be conversant when the topic comes up in conversation.
 The DaVici Code is the rare book that will inspire plenty of debate long after you've finished reading it and will have you scrutinizing artwork you've taken for granted over the years.Loaded with puzzles and clues this thriller relies more on smarts than firepower.This is 2nd adventure of the Robert Langdon character and truth be told his first book Angels and Demons was a better story.With literal ticking bomb intensity and writer Dan Brown first devoloping his writing style that he carries over to this book Angels and Demons felt more fresh and intensely focused.Having said that however The DaVinci Code is a very fun if not great book.Brown has a gift for filling his book with interesting information without it getting in the way of the suspense.The DaVinci Code has a lot to make you go hmmm and with plenty of twists and intriguing puzzles(that would be a crime to give away by writing about them here)it's a fast read.You may not agree with everything of a religious aspect in this book but you'll be undeniably entertained.
 In Paris the murder of the Louvre's curator reveals a plot to uncover a secret that has been protected by a secret society since the days of Jesus Christ. Like Isaac Newton and Leonardo Da Vinci among others, the curator was a high-ranking member of this ancient society. Before his death he managed to leave clues at the scene that only his daughter, cryptographer Sophie Neveu, and symbologist Robert Langdon, can untangle. Together they start searching for Neveu's father's murderer and try to unveil the stunning secret of the Holy Grail the curator wanted to guard.<br/><br/>This book is an exhaustively researched page-turner about secret religious societies, ancient coverups and savage vengeance. The descriptions in the book of the scenery and pieces of art are very vivid and graphic - and if you believe the author's note - also accurate.<br/><br/>The story cleverly combines mystery with history, facts with fiction and science with religion. What links Jesus, Mary Magdalene, Leonardo Da Vinci, Isaac Newton and even Walt Disney and the Olympic Rings? You will find out if you read this book.<br/><br/>In itself the book is logical so that it is impossible to judge where facts stop and fiction starts. I found myself searching the internet for pictures of Da Vinci's paintings and of the Louvre to check if Dan Brown's descriptions are accurate (They are!) and if his plot could be true.<br/><br/>The tension in this book is constantly rising and is cleverly intersected by chapters from other scenes. Since the reader just needs to know what comes next this makes you read chapter after chapter. As a result it is almost impossible to put the book down!<br/><br/>Basically Dan Brown copies his brilliant book "Angels &amp; Demons" since the mystic "treasure" hunt for truth is set again in a fast paced 24 hours mode, the book is full of historic facts and it features the same lead character who again teams up with a woman in order to "compete" with a demonic killer.<br/><br/>Luckily this is a more than successful copy with ample twist and turns until the very end! On top of that the ending is more satisfying than the ending of "Angels &amp; Demons" and it does not contain anything like the far-fetched parachute scene.<br/><br/>A fantastic book and a definite must read! ABSOLUTELY STUNNING.<br/><br/>(It might be an even better idea to read the illustrated version!)<br/><br/>But will the movie (due May 2006) be able to do the book justice? I doubt that it is even remotely possible...
 Brown has done his homework on this one.  With a conspiracy eminating from the earliest days of the Catholic eclesiastic governing body that trumps down on present day.  His story has plenty of factual historical research that is infused with his fantastic ability to carve a heart-pounding thriller.  Simply put, if you enjoy reading, you'll enjoy The Da Vinci Code.
 This book gripped me right from the start. Great plot and I was drawn into the whole conspiracy thing. The film sucked this was great.
 I was not impressed at all with The Da Vinci Code. It simply boiled down to a classic chase yarn with a well-researched MacGuffin. Mr. Brown's exposition was clumsy, and his action was contrived. Chapters concerning Bishops and Policemen seem only present as an excuse to end the previous chapter on an obvious and awkward cliff-hanger.  Aside from one or two clever ideas, Mr. Brown simply has created brain-teasers for his characters to solve, and we must wait for his characters to solve them. Most of the interesting concepts and histories in the book seem to have come from other books, which Mr. Brown has condensed, simplified, and regurgitated. For example, the unwieldy and unnecessary exposition regarding the Golden Ratio goes into just enough detail to where we understand only that Mr. Brown understands it, but not enough detail (specific examples? the fact that it's an irrational number?  where does it show up in the UN building or in Mozart's music?) to where the information is actually useful. "Donald in Mathmagic Land" does a much better job explaining the Golden Ratio than Mr. Brown. It is as though he underestimates the intelligence of the average reader. I realize that the characters are under a lot of pressure, and cannot spend hours telling the entire history of the politics of Christianity to each other, but why could Mr. Brown have not had a separate, isolated chapter with enough detail to where I feel like I've actually learned something? A bibliographical appendix would be most welcome.
 This book could have been a fantastic read, but I was so disappointed in it, I almost didn't even finish it!  The beginning was exciting, I couldn't put it down- however, by 2/3 of the way through, it was just mindless, predictable garbage. I wasn't expecting this "historical" novel to be factual, but it was still a disappointment.
 I received this book for Christmas and it took a bit to pick it up.  But once I did, I could not put it down.  Whatever your religous beliefs are you cannot turn away from what has been learned while reading this book.  I have always been interested in Da Vinci, Monet and other artist.  I have seen most of the art in books through out the years, and I have failed to see the obivious in the paintings.  It certainly gets the wheels working.  I would highly recommend this book.
 (...)Unusual book in many ways: The beginning was not that great.  Some of the writing made me roll my eyes.  The dialogue is embarrassing at first.  The ending is a bit weak too.  It's almost like Mr. Brown couldn't resist a nice tight Hollywood ending.  By the way, contrary to what the 'reader' said, there is absolutely no sex in this book at all, which is a clear indication that Mr. 'As a Christian" didn't even read the book he claimed to read.<br/>So why do I still give this best seller four stars?<br/>The middle of the book is absolutely awesome. I couldn't put the darned thing down.  Brown interlaces a lot of cool ideas together.  His articulation about the significance of Mary Magdalene is incredible.  And the bottom line is that a lot of it rings truer than what the Catholic Church has doled out for the past two millenia, I am sorry to say.<br/>And the book also makes you want to go and rent two movies:<br/>The Last Temptation of Christ (which was an excellent film, by the way, and much much better than the current Mel Gibson fiasco) and<br/>Eyes Wide Shut (the last film by Stanley Kubrick, a real moviemaker, unlike, you guessed it, Mel the Smell-as in, I smell MONEY).(...)  Enjoy. Review to your hearts content.
 I read this book quite awhile back before all the buzz about it. I was not impressed with the storyline and hope no one is misled into trying to accept was the author cites as facts and use them for the purpose of embellishing your views of Christ and the Gospel. Consider this --&gt; The Bible is intended to be "stand-alone" and "infallible" (and also contains severe warnings about "adding to or subtracting from it".) These are basic tenents of Christianity. If these tenets are NOT held to be true then it stands to reason that it would be silly to place your faith and eternal destiny in the Bible and Christianity. BUT, if they are held to be true then it logically follows that to try and "explore ones faith" by accepting the baseless (and insulting) views about Jesus which the author espouses would defy sound reasoning and be 100 percent CONTRADICTORY... i.e. How can the author say it should help people to "explore their faith" when it is directly contradictory to what their manual of faith (the Bible)says. (To assert that Jesus started a family that would later be involved in orgies!?!? COME ON!!!! Really and truly what is happening here is no different than what happened in the garden of Eden. Satan questions God's Word and will use every lie and trick to get people sidetracked into believing ridiculous things. If you want a good story, look elsewhere; if you want to explore your faith, then read the Bible or a book that helps to understand (not undermine/insult) its teachings. See my other reviews for some awesome books that will help you increase your faith.
 One of the best books out there, don't take the theme or story line too literally and you will avoid all the drama around it. Just enjoy great writing and suspense, that's it.
 I'm extremely surprised that such a mediocre (meaning BAD) writer as Dan Brown can have this type of publicity. Besides the fact that the story is full of clichés and it basically does not make sense, Mr. Brown simply has no idea of how to write anything, let alone a book. I would strongly suggest him to read, I don't know, Borges, Umberto Eco, but the mere notion of having these authors associated with Brown is ridiculous. He should definitely find another line of work. This is one of the worst books I have read in my life.
 This book is a must read for anyone that reads the Bible or whatever inspirational book your reading. It made me want to research even more about the historical Jesus Christ and Mary Magdalene. Its a great book that keep you guessing until the end. Great book!!
 I really enjoyed this book!  It's a real page turner, and I  learned a few things as well.  He sometimes goes overboard with the "symbology" but it didn't take away from the book.<br/>Recommended!
 A great read that keeps your attention but this version is very heavy and hard to get comfortable with when reading it.
 This is a novel of breathtaking quality and mind-blowing sophistication. Quite simply: brilliant!  Dan Brown weaves historical facts and architectural and religious wonders into a hard-hitting, fast-moving story, with twists at every turn.  I simply cannot believe anyone who claims to have figured out the ending of this book before the last chapter.<br/>I won't rehash the story line, but will say that for anyone looking for a fantastic, fascinating story, this book is a must-read.  It is not a reference text, so those who are concerned with cross-checking every little detail of the story would do better to simply go to a library and study a history textbook.<br/>Read this book.  You won't put it down...
 The flow of the story was a bit choppy and occasionally drained my interest to continue.  However, I managed to finish and I must say that the pace picks up around the last 150 pages. It's a great lesson in symbols and code breaking intertwined with art and biblical history involving secret societies.  Overall, it is intellectually worthwhile and entertaining.
 This book is amazing. All of his books are amazing. I read Da Vinci code within 24 hours and then had to buy all of his other books. Dan Brown spins a fantastic yarn everytime.<br/><br/>For those who found fault with minor errors or claim it is an attack on Christianity - hello - it is a work of FICTION, albeit set in the modern day world.<br/><br/>Even without the illustrated version I could picture it all in my head (although I now plan to get a copy of the illustrated version as well.<br/><br/>Cant rate this high enough. Of his other books Angels and Demons would be my next favourite
 Best book I have read in a while. I fits with much I have learned after many years of Biblical Research, Plus answers many other questions.
 My husband and mother-in-law raved about this book, so I plodded through it, but found the language stilted...it read like a bad romance novel to me.  I found his writing embarassing.  If you are looking for great literature, pass on this.  If Barbara Cartland is your hero, have at it.
 I recently finished reading the Da Vinci Code and thought it would be fun to see what other readers thought about it.  I personally felt that the novel was one of the best I've ever read.  After viewing this page, I was shocked to see so many bad reviews were given to the novel.  Most of the bad reviews sound like they were given by people who have never even read the novel.<br/>  Like ceruleana, the novel opened new doors for me.  I learned so many shocking things about the history of religion that I have begun passionately researching the topic.<br/>  This novel is definitely worth reading!
 Meh.
 I love this book! The history in it is so interesting, as are the codes and theories. It brings up many ideas that have never been truely publicized so much before. If you are a close-minded person, don't read it. Even if you don't agree, the book is well written, gripping and interesting with a touch of romance and some slight humour.
 Avoid this cliche-ridden piece of rancid jetsam like the plague. It is thoughtless, plotless, depthless, pointless, and shameless.<br/><br/>'Best-seller' status in AD 2006 should be warning enough, however.<br/><br/>I'm now off to write a novel about Amazon's complicity in the propogation of pagan rites as revealed by their pentacle rating system.
 Very exciting.
 I do believe I am nearly the last person in the reading world to raise this book to my eyes.  I have heard the raves and seen the amazing sales figures. - the hardcover that I was lent is a seventy-something printing.  Enjoying a wild reading ride, I thought for sure I was in for one.  The ride was fun and had some good moments, but for me, anyway, it didn't live up to the hype.  Brown has either very solid sources for the inside scoops of the Christian and Catholic worlds or a very, very vivid imagination, one that works to tie elements together in compelling ways.  I suspect that, in reality, the book is a good combination of the two.  The main characters are enjoyable, the cryptology/symbolism play easy to go along with, and the book-long chase keeps the tension going.  I am sure I am not alone at feeling good about having solved a couple of the `puzzles' before the characters did.  A strong point was the interplay of the characters, the paired relationships and those of the secondary characters, too.  I ended up feeling like I'd had fun in an Indiana Jones sort of way, but didn't feel any great need to read another of Brown's books.  I think I will stick with my usual wild rides, Ludlum and Thomas Perry.
 A friend told me years ago to read the Dan Brown series. This one is great. I love the historical and symbolic facts.
 Ok...after reading the book, and reading these reviews, I really don't understand all of you who are BENT up about this book not being truthful...what part of FICTION don't you understand? Next time you purchase a book look up and see what section you are in (fiction or nonfiction) and then maybe you will understand from the start what you are getting! SILLY SILLY!!!
 I loved this novel. The author Dan Brown put so much research into the events, documents, religions, art work, and factual information so the readers could receive accurate information. The description given in the story made me feel as if I were there, whitnessing all of the action. This novel is thrilling and suspensful up through the very end. Many people recommended this to me and after reading it I definitely recommend this to you.
 Ignore the religious truth or whatever. This is a fantastic thriller with great writing. Angels and Demons is slightly better in my opinion, but this book is on the top of my list as must reads. Absolutely fantastic writing.
 Dan Brown out-does himself. Anything that can rile the Vatican will be a riveting read full of symbolism and conspiracy. I couldn't put it down!
 I found this book as entertaining as enlightening. I learned a lot about history, the one you don't usually learn, and I truly enjoyed reading it. I wanted to keep going with out finishing it. It is fascinating the way the author talks about Paris' landmarks such as The Louvre. It is absorbing the way Da Vinci is present in this story.<br/>I definitely recommend this book. It has become for me a NEW CLASSIC.
 I loved this book, all the suspense was amazing. To this day i watch the movie so many times and read the book so many times i lost count. Truly amazing
 I was just sent a copy of this book by a friend of mine who highly recommended it: The Esau Swindle, by Gerald Rothberg. Book about a New York art dealer that gets caught up in the shady dealings of his twin brother in Argentina. Couldn't put it down!! Great stocking stuffer for thriller fans. I went through the whole thing in 48 hours, while recovering from T-day. If I were fifteen years older, the lead would make a great movie part for me. This would have been great for Harrison Ford during his Patriot Games years. Also recommended: The Esau Swindle, Da Vinci Code
 Great read, definately worth it, a bit of fiction, or is it?  The question of what is fact and what is fiction keeps this book interesting - I couldn't put it down.  (I accidentally left it on a plane in Bangkok when I only had two chapter to go - needless to say when I realised I promptly purchased it again!  It is actually as good as the hype has created it to be, although I don't want to see the movie as I have a great picture in my head of who the characters are and I don't want Tom Hanks destroying that for me.  (No offense Tom!).
 This book was amazing.  It made me think and question and wonder.  It was rivoting.  Although the topic is not a light one, the book is an easy read with twists and turns that will keep you wanting more.  I started it one Sunday morning and literally did not put it down all day.  I read all but 80 pages in one sitting.  This is worth your time.  Do yourself a favor and keep an open mind when reading this book...anything is possible!
 This is by far one of the best new books on my bookshelf. While i am a christian and do not agree with all that is put in this book i know it is just that, a book. Not someones ploy to convert me to another religion but just simply a wonderful read to be enjoyed but thousands of people. Thank you dan brown for this and all of your other wonderful books!!!
 This book was well worth the read.....not as good as angles and demons but overall a very good book well worth the time put into readin it
 Simply the worst-written book I've ever read. Yes, the plot is (just) amusing enough to keep you reading (though pretty implausible), but only at the expense of having your intelligence insulted by the most cliché-ridden, clumsily-written prose you're ever likely to encounter.<br/>Perhaps the rave reviewers don't mind how their entertainment is delivered (just as millions are apparently satisfied with their daily burger), but if you require even the most basic attention to literary style from your reading material, avoid this book like the... um... well, I'm sure Dan Brown would have a suitable expression to use here.
 This is by far the best book I've read in a very long time.  I consider myself a Christian and I didn't think this book was a slap in the face at all.  I found it very intriguing and people with open minds will feel the same.  Dan Brown intertwines clues and facts together with ease and makes for a book I couldn't put down.  Definitely makes you think as well as entertains!  Buy it!
 Very disappointing political/religious thriller based on a controversial and intriguing hypothesis. A predictable plot line with just a few surprising turns had me to the point of dropping the book altogether several times. Very weak support for some of the, potentially, juicier claims and total ignorance of the inner workings of the Roman Catholic Church.<br/>For anyone interested in the subject I would much rather recommend "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" which - despite its sensationalistic treatment of the matter - does indeed raise some interesting questions.
 The Da Vinci Code is the best piece of 'fiction' I may have ever read.  Having a strong interest in the history of Christ, the Holy Grail, and the Catholic Church.... I was pleasantly surprised to find accurate and informative information within the confines of a work of fiction.  This book will teach the reader all they never knew about our history, and perhaps give a new perspective!
 I really enjoyed this book. It is definitely a page turner! I guess what makes me love this book so much, is the ease with which Brown conveys his theory to the reader. His theory is very ... accessible... for lack of a better word. You don't have to be a history major to make sense of what he conveys.<br/><br/>Brown connects the dots between Jesus, Constantine, New Testamant, Old Testament, Knights Templar, Da Vinci, Holy Grail, Dead Sea Scrolls and the modern church and packages it inside a modern day thriller.<br/><br/>I am a non-catholic so it may be easier for me to digest what Brown suggests. However, I also enjoyed the "Left Behind" series which presents the other end of the spectrum so know that my opinion is not biased.<br/><br/>If you have an open mind you will thoroughly enjoy this book. If you are sensitive about religion and are not up to a good debate about it, then this book might not be for you.
 Dan Brown has done a wonderful job with this book.  Not only is it a great mystery, it is a historical trip.  The knowledge that you gain by reading this book is invaluable.  I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a good mystery and is open to a new side of the past that will definitely leave you wanting more!
 The first half of the Da Vinci Code is an exciting murder mystery -- as good as writing gets. I have no criticism of it.<br/> The second half quickly becomes what I would call exciting baloney. In fact, I almost tossed the book away several times but decided I'd better see if the baloney was all an author's trick that might come good in the end. It wasn't. And this was disappointing.<br/> The book is a search for the Holy Grail, but it redefines what the Holy Grail is (first disappointment). The book is actually quite anti-Christian, and I can see that non-Christians who are not too knowledgeable about da Vinci's paintings, and about the Bible, and history, might think the book is possibly factual. But it has errors everywhere. Such as:<br/> It tries to make a case that a hand holding a knife in da Vinci's The Last Supper is not attached to a body. But da Vinci himself said in his notebook that it was an Apostle's hand, and when you look closely at the painting, it certainly is just that.<br/> The author also lists supposedly pagan leaders of the Priory of Sion. But really, when he lists people like scientist Robert Boyle he is on quicksand. Boyle was one of the strongest evangelical Christians of his time and even left a legacy to promote the Gospel in his annual Boyle lectures. There's no way this man would believe the tripe about Mary Magdalene being married to Jesus that the Da Vinci Code tries to make out. There are many similar errors of fact.<br/> As a Christian I found the book disappointing, not because (as the author implies) that people like me are afraid of the truth being revealed, but because it promotes well-documented errors as fact.
 I loved this story; couldn't put it down. The blend of fact &amp; fiction made for a great read. The author knows how to tell a suspenseful story and the ending was just perfect!
 This is a great potboiler, a page turner, as they like to say.  And why not, with chapters averaging a little over four pages per chapter and thrilling writing to rival Edgar Rice Bourroughs. (How many of you are familiar with the great Tarzan series, as originally written?  And would you rely on these books for information on life in Africa?).  But it's nothing more.  And surely anyone who reads this book to discover what the reality is is in an advanced state of idiocy.
 I expected this book to be enjoyable light reading, and light reading it was.  The iconography was sort of interesting, but could not overcome the implausible plot twists and the completely stupid revelation at the end.  Oh yeah, and the protagonists hook up.  Who woulda thunk it.
 Highly recommended!
 Simply as a page-turner, this book is fairly effective. Most readers agree that it is engrossing and will keep your attention to the end. However, I am completely amazed that so many are taking this author's premises seriously. To those who are so inclined, I challenge you to do the research for yourself and see just how accurate, or inaccurate, this book really is.<br/>Brown quotes the old saying that the victor gets to write the history; apparently, the novelist is supposed to have the same prerogative. This book sounds as if it's been exhaustively researched, but it is entirely without historical basis. In fact, in many places Brown's claims are in direct opposition to historical fact.<br/>Symbology: Brown writes elaborate meanings for many symbols. Where did he get this information? I can't find any support for his explanation of the pentacle, for example, even from pagan sources! The rest of his symbology is just as problematic.<br/>Leonardo da Vinci: Brown's "facts" about Leonardo are based on rumor and speculation. Where he does use history, he usually gets it wrong. I suggest you check out Bruce Boucher's article in the NY Times (8/3/03), "Does 'The Da Vinci Code' Crack Leonardo?" He asks the question, "How much does this murder mystery have to do with the real Leonardo? The short answer is not much, and the author's grasp of the historical Leonardo is shaky." He says there is "more sangria than sangreal" here.<br/>Secret societies: Here again, his "research" consists of speculation and myth. For another view, take a look at "The Priory of Sion Hoax" by Robert Richardson.<br/>History of Christianity: Here his work is absolutely appalling. Brown seeks to entirely rewrite history to fit his plot. Christianity existed for almost 300 years before Constantine came to power. The beliefs of the early church are very well-documented. To claim that Constantine was responsible for the church worshipping Christ as God is historically laughable. Whether you believe Jesus Christ is God or not, it is historically incontrovertible that the early church believed just that.<br/>Here again, the author often reverses known historical facts. The NT gospels, which Brown depicts as later revisions, were actually written in the 1st century---three of them fairly soon after the death of Christ. The Nag Hammadi gospels, which Brown refers to as the "earlier gospels," were written hundreds of years later and obviously lack the historical integrity of the NT gospels. Check them out for yourself.<br/>Brown claims that the Nicene Council voted on the deity of Christ. They actually voted to determine whether Arius was a heretic. Arius was teaching that Christ was God, but not in the same way that the Father was God. Out of over 300 bishops, only 2 supported Arius. Brown refers to this as a "relatively close vote."<br/>As I read this book, I began to compile a list of the author's blatant inaccuracies. It quickly became dizzying. Practically every historical claim either contains inaccuracies or is outright false.  Dan Brown is either completely ignorant regarding the history of which he writes, or he is counting on the ignorance of his readers. I find it difficult to believe that his research was really this shoddy. To produce even a work of fiction that uses such blatantly inaccurate claims of historical fact is arrogant and dishonest. That this book is being hailed the way it is should be a concern to all who love and seek truth.
 This book only confirmed my belief that the Best Seller list is nothing more than a trendy reading list for people who don't know how to read. And by "don't know how to read", I mean the increasing throng of individuals who lack the imagination or patience to search for a truly good read. Which this was not.<br/><br/>Several readers have made the point that this was a good idea in the hands of an incapable writer. That is putting it almost politely. In a nut shell the story was convoluted, grandiose and poorly written; was Christ a judao-Christian or a goddess worshiping pagan? Dan Brown doesn't seem to know but he is determined to be shocking it's just too bad he isn't the writer to do it.<br/><br/>While reading this I kept having flashbacks to other authors I have read who have covered similar material in their works: Arturo Perez-Reverte, Phil Rickman, Merlin Stone, Barbara Walker, etc. even the X-Files. I can't even accuse Dan Brown of ripping off from these people, because based on what I read I couldn't imagine him to be even remotely aware of their existence despite his "heavy research".<br/><br/>The topic is neither a shock, or controversial at this point in time. In fact the biggest offense about the story is that it follows the worst mystery plot-line to ever be developed: i.e. the hapless hero/heroine who accidentally falls into a terrible situation and bungles their way through to the end. The fact that both lead characters are supposed to be "experts in their fields" just makes their idiocy that much more frustrating and unforgivable.<br/><br/>And Heaven help us they are going to make a movie with a miscast Tom Hanks. Yet in a way this makes since the book was clearly written in a movie format and the quality of the story would make for an amusing 2 hours on a made for television program. However I can't help but feel that unless a REALLY good screen writer does some serious re-vamping, this will be another waste of money thrown at the big-screen.
 With all of the hype I expected this to be plausable, gripping and exciting.  It was none of the above.  I am in the religion business and to believe this you have to suspend a lot of "belief" and accept things that are really outlandish.  Despite the Catholic Church's checkered past, this is so beyond belief that no matter how much I tried I just could not accept its premise.  Not only that but the ending is a real letdown.  I found myself saying "So......."  There are better things out there to read.... far more interesting and believable.
 This was one of the best books I have read. It was very informative and intriguing. It gave me a lot to think about. It opened me up to a secret society world I had no idea existed.
 My theory is that the priori of scion is loosly modeled after the Rosecrucian Order.  They are the gardians of ancient mystical secrets.  The Esseanians were one of there incarnaations who taught Christ the ways of metaphysicaal healing.  They do claaim thaat the Templars were some of there high initiates.  As for weather they gaurd the bones of mary Magdelen, I was never initiated to a high enough degree to find that out.<br/><br/>Anyway, get the audio book!  The reader is top notch, as is of coarse the novel.
 A lot has been said and told about this book, A LOT! So whatever I say now will certainly seem like cliche. However I must say that all the shouting around has done enough to make this book a NYT bestseller. This is just a wonderfully crafted book which has something for everyone and I really mean EVERYONE. Be it codes and ciphers or be it the famous Grail theory or br it the "greatest cover-up in history". Once you've removed all that you've previously heard about about the book, this will be one of the most pleasureable reads you've ever had.
 The Da Vinci Code is not a literary masterpiece. It's just what it intends to be: An adventure thriller novel and a solid work of fiction that had me reading steadily to the end. If you're like me though, reading this made-up story on the Holy Grail will make you hungry for non-fiction, factual information on the Holy Grail, and for this, I'd strongly recommend reading Swords at Sunset by Michael Bradley, a remarkable book by a critically acclaimed Holy Grail expert (the author served as a researcher for the Da Vinci Code movie starring Tom Hanks and has written around 20 bestselling books, mostly on the Holy Grail). Bradley uses archeological evidence to advance the fascinating theory that the Holy Grail came to North America centuries before Columbus discovered America. Frankly, I found Swords at Sunset to be more fascinating than the fictional Da Vinci Code, but I agree with the many readers out there who suggest both books be read as a set. I sure can't argue with that - both books are a real treat.
 It amazes me to see another writer get torn to pieces when mentioning a religion...even in fiction???  The negative reviews of this book stand as a testament to the fact that if you mention anyones religion in what they happen to perceive as a negative light...you will blind them to what you are truly saying...if anything...after all this is a fiction novel.  Which by the way i could not put down...you had me sucked in at the mention of a female goddess???  sounds good to me!!  To all the others out there that are too educated to enjoy a good read...i really feel bad for you...you don't know what you are missing...no need to tear this book to shreds because it mentions the catholic church, some art history and a conspiracy...has this world become so serious that no one can read a good fiction novel for pure fantasy and enjoyment anymore??  Though...i will check into the female Goddess thing...sounds good to me!
 Thank you Dan Brown! Thank you! Finally a book in 2003 worth telling people about. Due yourself a favor run out now and get it. If you love word play, anagrams, puzzles, and enjoy when modern religion is confronted with uncomfortable facts -- you need to read this book.  Best I've read in a while.
 I am an avid reader of many genres and time periods, from simply entertaining pulp fiction to serious literary works to informative and interesting non-fiction. After reading The Da Vinci Code, I was greatly disappointed on almost all levels. Yes, it was a 'page-turner' that persistently begged you to read 'just one more chapter.' However, rather than this being the result of high quality writing, mesmerizing characters, or compelling plot, the effect in The Da Vinci Code was achieved via a literary version of the cheap parlor trick: make sure that all of your chapters are uber-short and end abruptly, incomplete, and blatantly on the verge of adding some new key piece of information in just another paragraph or page. Also, while the plot is quite intricate in at least some respects, the writing is incredibly simplistic.<br/><br/>On another note, although it is a novel(and it is categorized as a fictional novel)claims are explicitly made in the foreword that it is based on researched and verified facts. Rather, it is in fact quite the opposite. The claims about the driving plot points of historical events, documents, etc. are astoundingly off-base. This wouldn't be such a problem if it was clearly presented as a non-fiction "what-if" or "alternative history" tale, but that is not the case. Everything in the foreword and even within the novel itself clearly at times states and other places strongly implies historical accuracy concerning the 'true' biography of Jesus, nature and workings of the Catholic Church (and, no, I am not Catholic, have never been and do have my own disagreements and issues with the organization and some of it's history).<br/><br/>Positively, the plot is imaginative, the descriptions of the locales are striking, and the various codes and clues are inventive and interesting.
 This is my time reading a novel by Dan Brown and I couldn't help but be amazed by the work.  It brings into question the essential question of "what do you believe in?" which not many books accomplished to the degree Dan Brown has.<br/>Intrigue, Conspiracy, and Adventure are the core of this book, and if you like any of these themes get this book.  It reads easily and at times the suspense just kills you, you don't want to put it down... Hope this helps
 I read this book before it generated such publicity.  I had read Dan Brown's Angels &amp; Demons, which I thought first rate.  A pluse pounding, heart racing thriller.  Because I enjoyed it so much, I purchased the Da Vinci Code.  What a let down!  It was no where near as well written or fast paced.  If you get a choice to choose between these two books, please choose Angels &amp; Demons.  It is much better written.
 I bought this book in an airport at the beginning of an unexpected 4 hour delay.  It is a honest to goodness page turner.<br/>Not a work of history.  Very fast paced.  The quality of the ending is on par with the quality of the premise/plot.  I finished the book several hours after I arrived home.  Beware, it is hard to put down once you start.
 Instead of writing a long explaination of the plot (you can read all of the others), I will simply encourage you to give this book at try.  I am an avid reader, and honestly, difficult to impress.  However, this book was fantastic!  I couldn't put in down and read it in one sitting!  Much better than a typical thriller and very thought provoking!
 This is an extraordinary book.  I could not put it down.  It is captivating from the very beginning.  Extremely well researched.  This answered a lot of my questions about the non-existant female presence in the Catholic Church.
 Incredibly thought provoking book.
 One of the best books read in quite a long time.  Wish I would have seen the movie first but still enjoyed movie also.  Would recommend to anyone.
 THE DA(n) BROWN CODE<br/>( Review)<br/><br/>Published in USA Regional Mailbag, Number 274, January, February, March, 2004, Pages 17-18.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code, by Dan Brown. Doubleday, 2003, 454 Pages. $24.95. ISBN: 0385504209, Hardcover.<br/><br/>Every once in awhile a novel comes along that everybody has to read. One recalls Catcher in the Rye, The Godfather, or one of my favorites, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.<br/><br/>The first thing one notes about this story is how tiring it is. This is not to say it is dull. It even ends up being a page-turner. However, the unrelenting suspense is exhausting. Starting out in the early evening with a mysterious murder, it drags on through the night into another day, moves from Paris to London, and several other places, complete with car and airplane chases, bank robberies, more murders here and there, long lectures in the middle of the night in a villa outside Paris. To begin with. All this, combined with some complicate code which takes the whole book to unravel, only to find, more or less, the remains of Mary Madgadeline, and some documents, under the Louvre Pyramid. And one wonders, why not just wait till the film comes out?!<br/><br/>The whole thing is a far-fetched and terrific spoof. Those who hate patriarchy will love the pitch to the feminists and goddess religion wackos. No doubt, all religions are some mishmash of rite and symbol, myth and magic, truth and lie. What makes it interesting is the lengths that are gone to to protect and promulgate some particular prejudice.<br/><br/>In this story, Jesus and Mary Magdalene were married, and have heirs, living in secret, in France. This just doesn't work. For one thing, everyone knows that if these two did have heirs, they'd be living in Italy and not in France. For sure.<br/><br/>The Opus Dei connection is a colorful twist, and the traditional bishop and the albino monk are made for the screen. The scoop that the next pontificate withdraws the personal prelature stature from the organization, which was obtained by money in the first place, will be welcome news to Opus haters.<br/><br/>Where does Da Vinci fit into all this? As a former Grand Master of the Holy Grail Society, he helps the cause with riddles and clues and writing backward. Of course, that is Mary Magdalene sitting on Jesus' right in the famous Last Supper painting. Then too, the Mona Lisa has something up his sleeve besides that shy grin.<br/><br/>After awhile, all this code and encryption business gets a bit boring. Its hard to keep interested. Like the plot itself, about three fourths into the story, one simply is not sure who is now tied up in the back of the stretch limo, and can't quite muster the interest to care.<br/><br/>Anyway, in the end we now know that the Holy Grail is the tomb of Mary Magdalene, along with tons of documents, that have been hidden and moved and moved and hidden down through the ages. Brown is at least successful in one thing. He manages quite well to debunk yet another myth and legend. Debunked, but not destroyed. See you at the movie.<br/><br/>c.w. / Gethsemani
 ... The DaVinci Code rehashes a clever idea - but that's about all it has going for it.  The characters are two-dimensional at best:  the villain played by religious zealot albino, the angry French cop named "Fache" with a gaze that 'scorches the earth as he walks', the protagonist with little more to him than his description as "Harrison Ford in tweed".  The plot is predictable from the first chapter, the suspense non-existent, the dialog tedious and pedantic. ... It's certainly not going to threaten any religious establishments.  This book was borderline painful to read.  Don't be fooled - at least read the first chapter before you buy it.  You'll be able to tell in the first ten pages if it's for you or not.
 I admit it, I read this book because of the hype.  I expected a deep book, with careful research.<br/>What I got was a book of tin-foil hat conspiracies, weakly intertwined and excruciatingly thin characters.  The characters only exist to move along his poorly executed plot.<br/>Dan Brown is a bad writer.  Worse, he's a lazy researcher.  I have no idea why this book is a best-seller.<br/>It's impossible to care about any of the characters.  The plot is full of holes and improbabilities.  He makes amazing omissions.  He goes on through the entire book about how the church wanted to minimize women by limiting the role of Mary Magdeline, but avoids ever talking about Mother Mary.<br/>It has an utterly predictable hollywood ending.<br/>The most laughable thing about this BADLY written book it that people are now going around quoting its psuedo-history and made up theology as facts.
 I, who rarely read fiction, have been spell bound by this book.  Even if one does not like murder mysteries, the knowledge and research that is contained in these pages is an education unto itself.<br/>BUY this book, it is wonderful, and then share it with your friends.  Now we have something to discuss that is not the usual drivel tht is found in the news, on television, etc.<br/>What a great author, the writing is crisp and clear.
 The dramatic and thrilling prologue draws readers into the book in search of hidden secrets with a murder taking place within the Louvre museum. The victim is a highly respected member of a secret society who with his last ounce of strength leaves a treasure hunt of clues for his granddaughter Sophie Neveu and a historian Robert Langdon to help them uncover the mysteries of the past. Soon enough these two find themselves connected in a thrilling and life threatening chase from authorities and those who wish to posses the secret. Their adventures lead them to find family, love, and belonging.<br/><br/> This thriller leaves readers clutching to each and every word on wanting to figure out the hidden secrets of the past along with Sophie and Robert. The intellectual portrayals of ancient mysteries, that have baffled many for generations, are addressed within the text. These include the secret behind Mona Lisa's Smile to the truth behind The Holy Grail. This intricate combination of intelligence and thrill seeking adventure leaves readers unable to put the book down from beginning to end. Readers are entranced in a thought provoking journey catalyzed by the thirst for knowledge, truth, and understanding from opening to close.
 From everything I've heard, the liberties this book takes with documented, verifiable history are astounding, but I never made it to any of those passages. I tried to read this book.  I tried to like it.  But I just couldn't force myself past page 50.<br/><br/>A writer for The New York Times called this book "Dan Brown's best-selling primer on how not to write an English sentence," and I think that that is a perfectly fitting epithet for this book.  The prose felt adolescent at best, the kind of sentence-to-sentence work I would expect of a young teenager in his first creative writing class, not a professionally written and edited novel.  This is the kind of writing that has no regard for the definition of words being used, the kind of writing that uses "literally" to mean "figuratively."  To be frank, this was the worst writing I've ever seen someone paid to produce in print.<br/><br/>Even worse, though, was the fact that the author is asking his readers to have faith and trust in--and is even staking the entirety of the plot on--the intelligence of a main character when he portrays the main character as being, to put it bluntly, far less intelligent and far less informed than you would expect someone with his background to be.  The man sees a naked man lying, arms and legs spread, in the center of a circle; he stares at this image for pages upon interminable pages; at long last he finally gets the vague notion that this image looks familiar.  It's even longer before he finally makes the connection to Leonardo's Vitruvian Man.  This man is supposed to be a hyper-intelligent, insightful, world-class art historian, and it takes him multiple chapters to recognize a blatant allusion to one of the most famous drawings in the world--a drawing referenced in innumerable other works of art since then, a drawing instantly recognizable to anyone who has even seen a Bowflex commercial.<br/><br/>In short: It is badly written, and an insult to any reader willing to lend it a modicum of credibility.
 Beautiful book! Love the pictures and illustrations which enhance the reading experience of the story. I would recommend it to any Dan Brown fan.
 This is a work that I wouldn't recommend to anyone with any historical knowledge.  There are so many problems with the story that it is distracting.  The idea of a sacred feminine, as a woman myself, is redundant.  I am disappointed in the need to build a myth that deifies women as a gender.  The idea of doing so is pointless, when it is the nature of human beings, based on the algorithms in the brain interacting with the environment that are the problem.  Nothing new here--just a jumble of myths and "entertainment" that bore the reader to no end.<br/><br/>I think the standards that are needed to produce a best seller have dropped quite a bit.  Double Day did the world no favor with its inaccuracies.  As such every reader should ask for its money back.  People should sue them since they have made the claim everything is true.
 This is a mystery full of great mystique and surprise. I loved the cliff hanger chapter endings and couldn't stop turning the pages to unravel the code. I shall reserve further commentary as there are spoilers potholes abound when discussing The DaVinci Code. I recommend this one enthusiastically!<br/>Geena Brighton, columnist for Sherrington
 Vargas Llosa, García Márquez, Clavell and Le Carré come to my mind as what I call quality entertainment reading, however differing those qualities are.<br/><br/>Now, for a good holiday read I do prefer the level  of violence of any kind to be real low, and I value the ability to arouse a smile, or complicity understanding the characters.<br/><br/>This is such a book.<br/><br/>Hopefully the murders described here will be admitted among those of a literary quality not conductive to anguish.<br/><br/>In this book one's attention is immediately and easily gripped, and if the tale is not on an even level throughout it still makes for a satisfiying review of some of our forgotten or never learned history and history of art lessons.<br/><br/>I believe it should be noted that the author makes a careful effort to quench by  the end of his story, all motives for the uproar it's  been said The Da Vinci Code caused.
 I was pleased to see that many readers had the same reaction to the Da Vinci Code as I.  Great subject matter.  Could have made a very strong book.  Puerile plotting and narrative.  I felt like I had ordered one of those No Downpayment kits from an infomercial.
 This was the first Dan Brown book I read.  It's great.  His weaving of fiction with non-fiction is excellent.  There were excellent twists in the story and the final realization of who the bad guy was really suprised me.
 As a fan of Brown, I was sad to see his cult-like comments about this book in which he proclaims himself the new expert on 2,000 years of history. His grasp of this history is closer to a senior high school student, and was more than a little unusual. I know any author needs to fall in love with the topic, but this one was over the top. Nice fiction effort. I look forward to his future books. I hope he can just drop this X-file level story-line and move on. He is so creative with fiction, that I would appeal that he not quit this area of giftedness for amateur history class.
 The main character Robert Langdon was such a self-important snob that I soon found myself rooting for his enemies and cheering every time he would get into trouble.<br/><br/>The author is as much a self-important snob as his protagonist. The book's entire premise is based on exploiting the modern reader's ignorance about the history of religion and the Western civilization as a whole. Brown's pretentious narrative is replete with historic distortions, inaccuracies, lies, twisted logic, and the worst pseudo-science imaginable.<br/><br/>Brown has also created, perhaps, the most politically correct villain in all of pulp fiction: a fanatical giant albino monk. Not only is he "white" - he's super-white! Not only is his brain mudled by the "opiate for the masses" - he is a zealous member of an ominous Christian cult! He is the embodiment of all what's "wrong" with the Western civilization, which in the author's mind apparently continues to force its "patriarchal and misogynistic hegemony" on the rest of the innocent humanity that otherwise would have been happily worshiping "the sacred feminine."<br/><br/>I read this book only out of curiosity about all the noise that surrounded it. Otherwise it was a waste of time.
 This book would be such a joke if it had not of been advertised as being well researched and factual. I recommend you listen to Matthew Arnold's commentary on "Fallen Fiction" on the Truth about Angels and Demons. Dan Brown should be an embarrassment to Hollywood, but is instead glorified. History will show though that he just hates the Catholic Church and will write anything to undermine the church's teaching and her real history. He even calls it entertainment. I guarantee you if he wrote this book about Mohammad he and his books would have been massacred. But alias one can write lies about Christ and the church and get away with it.<br/><br/>I also loved "The Da Vinci Hoax" by Carl Olson and "Crackling the da vinci Hoax" by Jimmy Akin. Both which have proved very enlighterning and are backed by truly good research. Please don't comment until you have researched the other point of view. It's so biased.<br/><br/>The errors in the Da Vinci Code are so numerous (it's a "da" moment). One needs to write a book to cover them all. Hence my suggestions.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code maybe a thriller and a mystery, but it is over 90% lies and deception in my opinion. Dan Brown has agruments in it that don't hold water, since many of his "so called research" is hundreds of years off and could not of happened the way he stated. The man is a fraud.
 This is a SUPERB thriller! But let's be clear - it never intends to be fine literature, with richly developed characters.<br/>The characters of this story are merely props, to propel a FABULOUS plot. You will literally not be able to stop reading! Sure, it's a guilty pleasure, and junk food for your mind, but life's about more than diet and exercise, right?
 This book was sooooo good that I could not put it down even while I was on vacation for a weekend in Las Vegas. Given a choice to be in the casinos and at the clubs, I found happiness in my suite at the Venetian with the DaVinci Code. Fascinating little page-turner!
 Rave reviews from Publishers Weekly and BookSense 76 lead me to believe that "The Da Vinci Code" was just the thing for fans of intelligent thrillers by Arturo Perez-Reverte or Wilton Barnhardt's "Gospel."  It is just the opposite. Those are the sort of readers who will be bored stiff by this novel's cardboard characters, cornball plot, and melodramatic writing. "The Da Vinci Code" is rife with factoids about Church history, the symbolism of the pentacle, Opus Dei, and Fibonnaci numbers which are pretty interesting and propel the plot for awhile, but showing off tidbits of knowledge is no substitute for actually creating believeable fiction.<br/>This book will work better as a movie (its obviously intended purpose) when actors can flesh out the characters, a director can create some atmosphere, and the factoids may sound profound and less like a lecture. More intelligent, more fun, and more exciting time can be spent rereading "Gospel," or discovering that big juicy book for the first time.
 I've spent twenty years working on witches and witch-hunting.  I am a professor at a well-known UK university.<br/><br/>I have no comment to make on Brown's main claims, but I would like to assure everyone that neither the church nor anyone else made away with five million or any similar number of witches during the medieval and early modern periods.  The true figure over the entire period is somewhere between 30,000 and 100,000.  No serious historian now disputes this.  Of course this is still disturbing, but it simply isn't on the same scale.<br/><br/>Moreover, witchhunting was NOT woman-hunting.  In some places a majority of those accused were men.  In others a majority of ACCUSERS were women; moreover midwives were NOT targeted for knowing about childbirth anaesthesia.  Far from it.  Many witnesses for the prosecution were midwives who often assisted trial judges in efforts to condemn witches by examining women suspects for witchmarks.<br/><br/>The Malleus Maleficarum was not an especially influential text, and some inquisitors derided it as credulous hokum.<br/><br/>If the absurd claims about witchcraft are samples of Brown's alleged deep research and historical truth-telling then I think we can conclude that the other claims are also called into question.  Only someone genuinely lazy could transcribe these discredited historical myths without bothering with the most elementary verification.  I wouldn't fuss, but the silly man keeps saying his book is all true.  This part of it isn't.
 This novel has no memorable characters, none that I care about.  It reads like an adult Nancy Drew mystery, and in the end, is little more than a boring entertainment.  Dan Brown should take lessons from Ken Follett on how to write an engaging suspense novel.<br/><br/>What confounds me is the public interest in the novel.  Thee must be 10,000 midlist novels that tell a better story, books written by authors who can't afford to quit their day jobs.  It's all very depressing.  If the average I.Q. in the USA is 100, that means 50% of the population has an I.Q. below average.  Perhaps in the end, that is the answer.
 By the middle, I knew who the Teacher was and exactly how the story would end for Sophie's "family," all along I was one step ahead decoding the clues, and I was bored with the boy-meets-girl, good vs. evil paint-by-numbers plot.  Thrill me it didn't.  But I did learn something about global navigation, so there's that.<br/>Had Mr. Brown researched Christianity as thoroughly as he did the Sacred Feminine and secret societies, he would not have used it synonymously with Catholicism.  It was a fatal flaw to say the Bible was not reliable because it had been passed down by fallible men who bent it toward their own agendas.  His credibility evaporated in that one premise early on.  Contrary to his assertion that there is evidence the scriptures have been compromised through time and translation, scientists and archeologists have discovered the original stone and papaya writings are identical to our Bible today.  Do you really think that, if there is a God, He would allow his Word (or message) to be thwarted by men, evil or otherwise?  If He created the universe and everything in it, doesn't it follow that He's certainly capable of protecting a vital message's integrity?  (Now you owe it to yourself to check out Chuck Missler's "Hidden Treasures: In the Biblical Text." hidden treasures and "Cosmic Codes: Hidden Messages  cosmic codes, et al.)<br/>And, if there is a God (a creator) and Jesus was not He come in the flesh to fulfill every prophecy in the Torah Shebiksav (the Written Torah) and the Torah Sheb'al Peh (the Oral Torah), WHY WOULD ANYONE WORSHIP A SPOUSE OF HIS?  If Jesus was just a man, OK, but that makes his supposed wife just a woman.  Duh!  I found it very frustrating that such a self-acknowledged academic "expert" as Robert Langdon would not address that basic philosophical question, but turn around and "explain" the corruption in the Roman Catholic Church.  According to Brown's logic, passing down a "truth" by word of mouth, songs, fairy tales, and artwork is only reliable when done by those protecting the "real truth" of the sacred feminine.<br/>I threw it away.
 This was the first book I read of this author and I've finished it in 1 week. I just loved it. The details are amazing and surprisingly not boring at all. I'm reading "Deception Point" now and I'm loving it so far. I'm really impressed.
 I read this book when it first came out after reading Dan Brown's Demons and Angels...I loved both of them and am looking forward to reading his new book.  I never understood what all the uproar was about?  It is FICTION and was never touted as being anything else by the author.  The media is what started all the controversy.
 Loathed by elitist literary critics, wannabe highbrows and religious conservatives, The Da Vinci Code is by any measure a work of genius. To dismiss it as pop drivel is to overlook the fact that countless writers are striving to produce catchy pulp fiction that will propel them to stardom and riches - and few succeed. The book is riveting, fascinating, thought-provoking, surprising and a masterful work of entertaining fiction. If you feel above such light fare, fine, go read Dostoyevsky or James Joyce , but spare us your condescension. As for the religious opposition to the work, any book - in our postmodern day and age in which we are exposed to so many different realities - capable of stirring up so much passionate opposition and so much sincere interest in weighty topics like religion and philosophy and history, is frankly some kind of masterpiece.
 Excellent read.  Suspenseful book I found extremely difficult to put away.  This is the first book I have ever considered reading twice - the first time to find out the story and the second for the details! Dan Brown has woven his fictional characters wonderfully into the real life Grail controversy and brought up this 'conspiracy theory for a new generation!  This book made me painfully aware of how much history I do not know, but it made me want to learn more!
 I've come across a number of reviews suggesting Swords at Sunset be read in tandem with The Da Vinci Code. Now I understand why. I had the pleasure of reading this remarkable book recently and was captivated by author Michael Bradley's well framed argument that the Knights Templar brought Holy Grail refugess, descendents of Jesus, to North America long before Columbus ever set foot here. Then I learned that Bradley was a researcher behind the Da Vinci Code movie. The Da Vinci Code book and movie are both highly enjoyable. But what's really fascinating is Bradley's non-fiction book putting the Grail in Canada and the United States centuries ago. I learned a great deal. This book is highly recommended.
 An easy read broken into many short chapters for nice stopping points, except that you really can't stop turning the pages.  The mystery is laid out beautifully and Brown has done a great deal of research which surfaces throughout the book.  The content of the research sparked my interest and forced me to do my own research on the Dead Sea Scrolls and The Magdalene which led me to more research on The Essenes, The Priory of Sion and Knights Templar.  Fascinating topics that I knew nothing about.<br/>It is interesting to read other reviews that slam this book for the simple fact that it raises questions about orthodox religion and beliefs that they have never questioned.  I am a deacon on our United Church of Christ consistory, but I am always searching for more infomation.  New information isn't necessarily going to change my beliefs, but it can open my eyes to a variety of other beliefs and thoughts that are available.<br/>This book can lead you to many interesting viewpoints and thought processes on religion with a little bit of research on your own using the interent. The story itself keeps you thinking the whole way through and ties itself together beautifully in the end.  To help answer one question that I read earlier, "Why would the Priory of Sion be so determined to keep their secret?"  Ask the Cathars of the 1400's why the Church of Rome went on their crusades.
 This book was very good initially, then I got bogged down in the soup. Some parts seemed to drag on &amp; on. I often resorted to skimming paragraphs in an effort to edit.
 when i first heard about this book i thought it was just for the entertainment of super intelligent geeks! After close inspection and many hours of in depth reading i was amazed to be wrong! At first glance i thought this is so not my kind of book but after just a few few pages i couldn't put the book down even if i tried, i was addicted to it, i bet if you try reading it then you will be too!
 I respect that fact the Dan Brown must have done research in order to write this book. He just doesn't seem to have that much of an imaginative vocabulary. I got tired of seeing the use of the same words and phases over and over. The book just doesn't live up to the hype, I don't understand the fuss over it.
 Excellent Book
 My friends told me that this book was a must-read, and they were not lying. So what if the historical facts are slightly askew according to these other "experts" posting reviews. Who cares? If you want history, get an encyclopedia. For someone who wants an entertaining read with twists and turns, sometimes predictable but often not, buy this book.
 .... Is how this book got on the best-seller list. The writing is wooden, the characters one-dimensional, the dialogue unspeakable. If you like expository writing, The Da Vinci Code is for you -- the characters talk like textbooks. A major theme is that the Grail is not a literal cup but an embodiment of feminine power, but Brown misses an anagram for "grail" -- "a girl"!
 Wonderful book always a new turn. Never got boring.
 As good as the film was, the book is even better. This is often the word on books turned to movies but I found it to finally be true. Great work of art!
 This book was one of the best I have read in the last 5 years.  Dan Brown weaves a great story,with historical references to create a book that keeps your interest from page one until the end.
 I read this book before I heard all the hype about it and therefore didnt have a clue about what to expect. I must say that I found it to be a brilliant read. Yes the characters were a bit underdevolped even I a 14 year old could tell that but what the book lacks in character depth it makes up for with its fast paced plot.<br/><br/>  I have read many of these reviews and I feel that I have to say this...the book is FICTION. Yes there are people who say that certaian aspects in the book are true (like that Jesus married Mary) but that doesnt mean that anyone is trying to make you believe such things. If you disagree with the book then don`t read it. I myself am a Christian and I was not offended in the least, I actualy found the ideas presented in the book very interesting.<br/><br/>  There was a great story line which made it impossible for me to set the book down. I finished it in less than a day!<br/><br/>  This is a must read for anyone with an open mind.
 This was, to me, a mildly good action-adventure book that took the "suspense" a little too far. After awhile, the "on the edge" excitement got wearing and it would have been nice to have a breather. The mini mysteries were fun, but most of the religious symbolism was lost on me. I wouldn't say it was anything grand or amazing, but I don't feel cheated out of those hours of my life, either.
 If Da Vinci was alive he would be puzzled at some of the notations of symetrics in the movie and book, which is good because if you can puzzle some one that also means that they are paying attention to what you are saying.<br/><br/>The plot of this story is very strong and keeps the mind interested the only reason that I give it one star less then the full 5 star rating is the fact that Da Vinci in my belief is not the picture of the mona lisa like every one has been led to believe.<br/><br/>This is not the Authors fault because this has been a lie of longevity for quite some time since the mona lisa was first painted.<br/><br/>The ficticous story is good as so was the movie of it and I reccomend this story and movie to any one who has not yet seen this ficticous account of something that never happened in reall life but sounds good in black and white and in the movies now ads.<br/><br/>It kept me interested and that is what counts when it comes to entertainment!<br/><br/>Novelist- R.H. Tuttle Jr. / Novelist of "The Masconi's" that is also available up here on Amazon.
 When I got to the fourth line of the first chapter and read "hand-frescoed walls" I knew I was in trouble at the hands of a very careless writer. How else would the walls be frescoed? By feet, robots?<br/>We find totally wooden characters, ludicrous cliff-hanger plot twists, lumpen exposition, red herrings not worthy of the worst of Agatha Christie, and puzzles which could be solved by an intelligent seven year old. And just when, during this long night, did anyone get the chance to go to the bathroom?<br/>Why, you might ask, did I bother going on? Well, it was at least more interesting than the in-flight shopping catalogue in the seat pocket in front of me on my 6 hour flight yesterday.<br/>The majority of raving, enthusiastic reviews that I read here leave me deeply gloomy about the intelligence of the reading public.
 I loved the mixture of history and fiction. Makes one wonder if there is a secret to old world that hasnt been discovered yet.
 This is the first book I've ever read by Dan Brown and I'm happy to say that it won't be the last.  I started reading this book and couldn't put it down.  Very few books can have that effect on me.  Immediately after reading The Da Vinci Code I went out and purchased Angels &amp; Demons and Deception Point, also by Dan Brown.  I can't wait to finish these two books.  And Dan, come on finish your next book already :-).
 From the very first page I was hooked on this book. Clever, informative and highly entertaining, it tells a fantastic story of great characters in marvellous locations. At the end of every section you want to move on quickly to the next; it's a real 'can't put it down' book. Extremely well written, it makes you want to read everything that Dan Brown has written.
 Nice book, its okay. Not the amazing story that everyone hyped it up to be, but deffinatly better than the movie!
 I enjoyed the fast pace and the well described foreign locales. The book is also very well researched. I would recommend!
 This is a well written book, about one third of the way through I was having a hard time putting it down. It keeps you guessing about so many different things at once. Read. Enjoy. Reflect.
 We have already rated and reviewed this product once and didn't think we'd have to do again.  Enjoyable and would recommend.
 My husband and I listened to most of this unabridged reading while painting our kitchen. He was enthralled with all of the little secrets and thought it very exciting. I, on the other hand, found it tedious and repetitive and soon felt trapped in my kitchen with no escape in sight. The characters lacked personality and the voice of the protagonist's love interest (her name escapes me now) was cringe worthy and sent shudders of horror down my spine every time she "spoke". I guess your level of enjoyment of this very popular novel will depend on your interest in the Holy Grail and secret societies, all of which interest me not even a wee bit.
 Why am I even writing a review for this masterpiece? This is quite simply the greatest book ever! from the characters to the story line. Brown brings everything together in an instant masterpiece. This is the "Mona Lisa" of Books. They should keep a copy of a book in the Louvere museum behind bullet proof glass.
 What secret could be so important that people would kill to find it out?  In Dan Brown's The DaVinci Code, a secret society guards a secret.  The main character, a teacher at Harvard is being framed for the murder of the Louvre's curator, a member of this society.  This story contains many thought-provoking ideas and facts.  It was researched and very well-written.
 this book caused me to really think and dwell on what they were trying to find. I was so engrossed in the book I couldn't put it down.
 I highly recommend this book.  Once you think you have solved the mystery, more questions pop up and you are entrenched in the novel once again. I do not think that the writers of the reviews which claim that Brown is anti-Christian understood the book at all.  Brown is not trying to stain Christianity.  In fact he praises religion and the many ways it helps people all over the world.  In fact the different gospels of the Bible do not match up and some contradict each other.  I do not see people trying to discourage others from reading the Bible or calling the gospels stains on Christianity.  Why can't people just accept the book as it is-- a suggestion of an alternate history.  People need to open their minds and challenge their way of thinking; one should not accept everything that has been spoon fed to them.
 The single star that I give this book is for the action and adventure in the beginning which I liked. The reason that is the only star has to do with the boring made up descriptions about the Holy Grail that makes up the last two thirds of the book. It's just too much reaching and grasping for me.
 Dan Brown has cracked the code on writing an exhiliarating thriller that will keep you on the edge of your seat. Amazing detail and everything you want in a page turner! Also highly recommend THE GRAVEL DRIVE by Kirk Martin - another page turner that's less of a thriller than an emotional story about a father and son, but one you won't forget. Can't wait for Dan Brown's next one!
 I heard about this Book&amp;thought i'd peep it out.I didn't have any Books from before&amp;also I enjoyed Da Vinci's work this book will keep your interest&amp;has alot of interesting takes on the Man&amp;whatnot.
 Once I got my hand on this book it wouldn't let me leave it alone.  I got through the 400 or so pages in a day.  It was that good and that exciting.  If you have an open mind that can handle exposure to some ideas on religion that might differ with what you have believed up to this point, give it a try!  The action will suck you in and have you talking about he book for days.
 This was the best book I have ever read. I have the special edition with pictures to help illustrate the story. The story keeps you guessing the entire time with constant unexpected twists. I could not put it down. The theme of the story itself really makes you think. It was highly recommended to me and now that I have read it I have to highly recommend it to others.
 Lovely! The graphics are beautiful. Reads almost like a reference book. Get one while you can! The story, of course, is complete fiction...<br/><br/>I wish they would re-issue masterpieces in this kind of format. That would prove very useful for casual literature scholars.
 read it when it first came out. full of suspense, I reread it periodically<br/>One of these days I may watch the movie to see how it compares!
 Usually I only read history, but after all the fuss about this book I finally took the time to read it for myself. Well, as a thriller it is a good book - especially the fact that all the action appears to take place within half a day; make half a 24-series with Keifer Sutherland in it! - but I really don't understand all the fuss that has been made of this book. After having read Baigent's "Holy Blood and the Holy Grail" - see my review of this book - about 20 years ago, and some of its follow-ups, I find nothing new about the "mystery" in Dan Brown; in fact, the use he makes of the material is very superficial. The lawsuit that Michael Baigent has started - and justly lost - against Dan Brown is really ridiculous: what about scores of other authors who have elaborated on the themes in the "Holy Blood"?<br/><br/>So, in regard to the Church: is it real? was Jesus married to Mary Magdalene? Of course not: neither Jesus nor Mary Magdalene are historical persons. The Gospel story is an allegory on the yearly journey of the Sun across the signs of the Zodiac.<br/><br/>So the Marys in the Gospel are:<br/><br/>Mary the Mother = the planet Venus: when Venus rises as the Morning Star, just before sunrise, it appears as if Venus "gives birth" to the SUN;<br/><br/>Mary the Wife: planet Earth: just as the wife is fertilized by the semen of the man, so the Earth is fertilized by the rays of the SUN;<br/><br/>Mary the Sister: the Moon: many pre-christian religions have the sacred union/marriage - the Hieros Gamos - between a brother and a sister, in which case the latter 2 Marys merge into a single entity/concept. Since the Church abhorred such "incestuous" relations, the authors of the Gospels are completely at a loss how to deal with these concepts, resulting in the utter confusion between the different Marys in the Gospels. Especially Mary the Sister - Mary of Cleopas? Martha? Salome? - is impossible to disentangle from the story. In this respect the Old Testament does a lot better: Miriam (another Mary), the sister of Moses, is a well developed character.<br/><br/>So what about the secret Leonardo Da Vinci has hidden in the Last Supper? Leonardo just knew the above mentioned truth, but had to keep out of the clutches of the Inquisition. So he alluded to the fact that the 12 Apostles are also personifications of the signs of the Zodiac. That's why one is depicted as a woman - there is only one female sign in the Zodiac: VIRGO -; the guy with the knife is the "piercer", ususally the bowman SAGITTARIUS, whose arrows "kill" the SUN at the winter solstice; the backstabbing traitor Judas = SCORPIO; the man with the keys is the "fisherman" Peter = PISCES. The other guys cannot be identified because they carry no attributes; but this is not surprising since these characters have also not been developed in the Gospels; but among them are Thomas "the Twin" Didymus = GEMINI; James, who is to be killed(beheaded?) by Herod = AQUARIUS; Bartholomy = Bar Ptolemy, the Egyptian worshipper of Amon - the ram - = ARIES; etc.<br/><br/>So the Church welcomes the debate this book has spawned? I'm sure they will: discussing whether Jesus was married to the Magdalene will divert the attention from the real issue at stake: the ahistoricity of the Gospel and the debunking of Christianity as a heap of nonsens. Apparently, some churchmen reason "better a married Jesus than no Jesus at all".
 The overwhelming popularity of Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code is puzzling to many of us who care about good writing, and who have devoted a lifetime to the study of Judaism and Christianity.<br/>First of all, Mr. Brown's writing is poor, even by popular mystery novel standards.<br/>Second, the supposedly-remarkable discoveries concerning Jesus' life that are at the center of The Da Vinci Code are quite well known to people who have read beyond the New Testament for their religious history.<br/>Perhaps the popularity of The Da Vinci Code stems from a newly-popular interest in developing a deeper understanding of all things Jewish, Christian and biblical. If this is the case--and I hope it is--I would strongly recommend that readers save their time and money, avoid reading The Da Vinci Code, and instead, read one or more of the following:<br/>1. The Genius of Genesis by Dennis Shulman.<br/>2. Meeting Jesus Again for the First Time by Marcus Borg.<br/>3. Holy Blood, Holy Grail by Richard Leigh and others.
 rewrite the work of a few others into one book: richard leigh, michael baigent, henry lincoln and their research (namely _holy blood, holy grail_); umberto eco's _foucault's pendulum_ has murders and museums and templars and most of the rest of _da vinci code_; lynn picknett's _the templar revelation_ gives us the da vinci connection. and ALL of these books are written better.
 Sometimes you wonder what makes a book such a best seller.  Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code has some suspense and intrigue.  However the complicated symbols and coding does not come over too clearly.  Also, it relates to a small audience.<br/>Furthermore, the character development is mediocre at best.  The reader gets a very basic idea of what makes each character tick.<br/>I will admit that the ending is quite creative.  There are a few interesting non-predictable moments as well.  However, the scope seems for fans of mystery and intrigue.  Nonetheless, there must be a lot of fans for that type of novel because this book is selling quite well.
 I saw the movie when it was released and thought it was interesting, but just OK. After reading the book my opinion of the movie is one where I wish they had actually done the book justice. I really enjoyed the book and found it fascinating.
 THE DA VINCI CODE IS AN INTELLIGENT BUT EASY TO FOLLOW STORY. THE BOOK IS SO LUSH WITH OBSCURE INFORMATION ON EVERYTHING FROM RELIGIOUS PHILOSOPHY TO ART HISTORY TO DERIVATIONS OF WORDS AS THEY ADAPTED FROM DIFFERENT LANGUAGES AS WELL AS HOW POSITIVE OR NEGATIVE CONNOTATIONS WERE ATTACHED TO DIFFERENT WORDS.  THE PLOT IS STAND-ALONE INTERESTING, BUT THE HISTORICAL REFERENCES AND TIDBITS TAKES IT FROM INTERESTING TO PHENOMENAL.
 L'écriture est plutôt banale. Par contre le sujet est fascinant. Je crois que c'est surtout là l'intérêt du livre. L'impression de découvrir une facette cachée de l'histoire de l'humanité.<br/>Les 100 premières pages sont trop longues, et plutôt ennuyeuses. On ne s'attache pas vraiment aux personnages.
 I read the Da Vinci Code, it is a very good and entretaining book to read. It is a ficticious mystry novel, it takes place in Paris, other parts of France, England and Scotland. This book invlovles historic characters and art.<br/>In this novel you have two main characters that try to solve a mystery.<br/>I recomend this book for everyone to read it is a very good book and once you start reading it you cannot stop. I
 The Da Vinci Code, an exciting, thought-provoking tapestry of intrigue is a surprisingly easy read given the rather lofty subjects, art and religious history.<br/><br/>To his credit, Dan Brown has woven an indelible tapestry of murder, art, and religion.  An added bonus would be the exotic locales of the story enshrined in the history of the Church as well as some enthralling connections to art.  It was indeed a wise decision to structure the book in short chapters to give the reader a chance, in many cases, to absorb some the more captivating historical tidbits that play a pivotal role in moving this fast-paced story along.<br/><br/>If you have a problem considering alternative points of view, especially in the religious arena, you may probably want to steer clear.  But for those of you secure enough in your own ideas that you are hardly threatened by another point of view, I heartily recommend the book.  It should stimulate equally interesting dialogue.
 I read this book 3 years ago.  I have not seen the movie and don't really care to. In 3 years, the details of the book have started to slip away from me, but what remains with me now may be more interesting anyway.  What remains with me is:<br/><br/>-The bold suggestion that Da Vinci was compelled to leave codes in his work to message to the world the Great Con of Man.  I give kudos to Dan Brown for being so forward and so risk taking.<br/><br/>-The author did a great job of describing these settings (because I still remember them):<br/><br/>The Louvre<br/><br/>The church in Paris with the Meridian line running through it<br/><br/>The church in Scotland where the chalice was suppose to be<br/><br/>The Swiss bank<br/><br/>The symbol of a chalice and how that represented Mary, the wife of Jesus<br/><br/>The memory that the book was intoxicating to read, a page turner on steroids.  It stirred the emotions of those in my bookclub, especially those who grew up Catholic.  It was life changing for them and made me proud to have introduced this book to the club.<br/><br/>The memory that this book led me to read the very thick and very dry Holy Blood, Holy Grail, but I'm happy that I did, because I found it fascinating and satisfying to read.<br/><br/>I don't really remember the characters very well, which makes me think they were not as developed as well as they needed to be.<br/><br/>Jennifer Bouani<br/><br/>Author of Tyler and His Solve-a-Matic Machine<br/><br/>Teaching Kids how to be Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders
 I can stomach the average clichéd, boiler plate, mildly-entertaining during a boring transcontinental flight type of thriller, but reading this ridiculously over-rated, mind-numbingly awful, mercilessly indigestible, flagrantly moronic steaming pile of excreta by that idiot-savant, Dan Brown, is somewhat akin to being stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic while coming down with a bad case of intestinal parasites-- it's infuriating, nauseating, and indescribably awful all at once.<br/><br/>On the bright side, you now no longer have to wonder which of your many friends and acquaintances have discerning taste and strong intellectual abilities, and which are the schmucks who squeaked by with a C average while majoring in communications at their third-tier liberal arts college; if they list the Da Vinci Code as one of their favorite books, don't be holding your breath for their Nobel Prize nomination.
 Riveting.  You want to keep driving and listening because the story builds on itself that you don't want to stop.  Fast-paced story that slows down in the second half, culminating in a less than dramatic ending as the first half of the book builds on.  Paul Michael does an excellent job of utilizing different accents with the numerous nationalities involved with the characters to make the story effective, even though some of his efforts to speak as Sophie Neveu, French-bourn heroine, trails off and is hard to hear at the same set audio level as the rest of the characters.  From the beginning, you are amazed at the extensive research that Dale Brown had to put into the development of the story.  So much so, that the many issues and facts presented to you, and used as reference in the story, want you to do your own research to see if it's fact.  I have listened to well over 1,000 adventure/mystery/sci-fi audio books over the last 15 years, and this is up with the best of them.
 This book redefined the genre.  Not only amazed me with his style and understanding of creating pageturners, but it also made me question my understanding of religion.<br/><br/>Boo Walker<br/>Author of <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Lowcountry-Punch/dp/B0060ZNSOE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Lowcountry Punch</a>
 You should "enjoy" reading this novel but again you should read it only as a fiction. As a successful new age writer, Brown tries to mix his new age ideas with facts and in the end, he hopes people will buy his arguments as facts. Unfortunately, there are too many people who can't think critically and thus they just "swallow" whatever they read even if it's only a fiction. You can believe whatever you want to believe but facts will remain facts.
 I honestly could not put this book down. It is an amazing novel that brings to light many scandalous issues that have been kept hidden for thousands of years. I would recommend this book to anyone
 Brown constructs a 3rd rate mystery to carry a boatload of amazingly interesting facts about the early origins of Christianity and the Holy Grail. I wish he would've just written a book on the substance and spared the extremely amateurish and poor writing. I was also irritated to see how much he ripped off "Foucault's Pendulum" by Umberto Eco, which was light years ahead of this extremely disappointing book. If you're a fan of fine writing in mysteries, like Alan Furst, you'll be very disappointed in the Da Vinci Code.
 Well written. The chapters short but desciptive and packed with unusual situations. The special edition is a collectors item for the illustrations alone. I am not sure whether a movie can top it.A film cannot stop to admire the art works.<br/><br/>I certainly consider it to be a novel not a historical fact.<br/><br/>The best novel I ever read.
 Couldn't ask for a more riveting plot, the action was amazing and I loved all of the historical facts and angles brought into the story. Dan Brown's work didn't disappoint and I'm picking up Angels and Demons immediately.
 A great read that seems to go by quickly. The story is well thought out and you are entrapped from the first few pages.
 What a haphazard piece of junk.  I was expecting a good novel, not something so poorly written that I now think of the Area 51 series as amazing literature.  This book is nothing more than a jumble of "facts" strewn throughout the length, with no character development whatsoever.  I recommend simply reading Holy Blood, Holy Grail.  At least then the facts would actually be right.<br/>As to the Christians bashing the book just because of its subject matter, why in the hell would you read this in the first place if not to have something to whine about?
 I was glad that Dan Brown decided to come out with a "Special Edition" with pictures. It made the reading a bit easier (Easier to picture the place/views in my head). I really enjoyed this book. And would highly recommed it. I can't wait till the sequel comes out!
 Just remember this is a work of fiction. A fabulous story with no basis of truth. Please treat it as such.
 Mr Brown has taken the research of scholars and produced a thriller/mystery that's bound to entertain and educate.  The book is fast-paced and impossible to put down.  A hard-core mystery fan, I haven't enjoyed a read like this in...a very, very long time.
 This is a poor example of a novel.  I place this book on the same literary level as a trashy romance novel (and I don't see Daniel Steel writing bestsellers).  There are FAR TOO MANY coincidents among the main characters.  It is VERY VERY poorly researched and the "facts" are quite inaccurate.  Any FICTION writer that has a "FACT" page at the front of their novel should be shot.  This one page is leading people to believe what Dan Brown writes is true and highly accurrate, when in truth, his writing is just the opposite.<br/>If you don't believe me, then buy the book and waste your money.<br/>I actually had to force myself to finish reading this novel.
 I couldn't make it past chapter three.This has to be the worst written book i've ever read.The dialogue is especially awful.Dan Brown has absolutely no idea how people really talk.How this book got to be such a big seller is beyond me.Go read some Alan Furst or Robert Wilson instead.
 This book is... ok. if you have nothing else to read. Basically, it has a lot of exciting events one after another, no in-between-get-to-know-the-charater-time, just a lot of things happening at once. The writing is definitely not up to par, and there are absolutly many other other books that get scoffed at that have better plots and are better written. I gave this book three stars though because basically, this book could be good if it didn't seem like they just decided to publish the rough-draft.
 This book was an absolutely incredible page turner. If you love mystery books, look no further. This is the one that will keep you wanting to read more!
 The Da Vinci Code is a great read.  I am fourteen and I thought I would not like it.  I read some reviews for it and everyone said it was so great so I gave it a shot.  I loved it.  It was so hard to put it down.  I finished it in two weeks and I play basketball for my school everyday.  Great storyline and ending!  Must read this book.  If you are young and wan to read this, dont be intimidated yb how long it is.  You will finish it in no time.
 This book starts out with a bang.  I didn't think the level of suspense could be sustained for 450 plus pages, but it was.  There is a suspenseful hook on almost every other page.  Well-drawn characters, believable dialog, and a crisp writing style combine to make this fast paced story hard to put down.  I can't speak for the accuracy of the `facts' presented in this book, but as a mystery/thriller it works extraordinarily well.  I was a little skeptical of all the hype surrounding this book and the many glowing reviews, but I was not one bit disappointed.  An exceptionally good read.
 Interesting yarn! The author blended a fascinating mix of fact and fiction. I hope he continues his work in the future
 I just finished reading the DaVinci code.  If you look on Amazon.com and read the reviews, most people seem to absolutely adore this book, while a small minority finds it dull, overrated and historically inaccurate.  As for the latter group, I believe they have no imagination for trying to take a clear work of fiction and turn it into a debate of historical accuracy.  If you haven't caught on, I'm part of the former group.<br/><br/>I am a girl who loves numbers and codes.  I might not adore being  a math major, but there is something to be said for finding hidden patterns in groups of numbers.  I've always been amazed with Gematria (a technique used by Rabbis to find hidden meaning in the Torah by substituting the numbers that the Hebrew letters stand for into words.  Hence, the number 18 means "life" in Hebrew).  The plot was fascinating.<br/><br/>Some have accused Dan Brown of creating 2-D characters with no depth.  I'd have to agree to a certain extent.  Yet, for me, it didn't take away from the rest of the novel.  This was designed to be an action novel, not one of characters.  They are 3-D enough to keep them unpredictable at times, and they are believable if you don't read too far into them.<br/><br/>As for the inaccuracies regarding the church, and the foundations of Christianity, I don't read too much into all that.  It could be true, which I have no way of knowing until I put in the research (which is HIGHLY unlikely), or it could all come from Dan Brown's brain supported by historical coincidences.  Kudos to Mr. Brown if its entirely him, because, well, its a GOOD story.<br/><br/>On the whole, Dan Brown is a fantastic writer.  I can usually predict parts of the endings of novels like this, but I was surprised.  Shocked actually.  I highly recommend this book.
 Dan Brown had an income of $80 million in 2005, according to a recent Parade Magazine article. For a "best seller" kind of story that's useful for several hours of entertainment (that additionally is 1,000 times more mind-stimulating than passively watching a pop movie), I would recommend this book at 4 stars. Plus if it stimulates you to research more about the issues discussed in it, that's even better!
 I had to read this to see what all of the fuss was about. The storyline itself is a page turner. I looked forward to reading it each night and had trouble putting it down. I was dissappointed in the ending and found the last 100 pages rather predictable. Overall- a good read. As for all the fuss....just a bunch of ill-educated folks thinking this was based on something real. If your looking for God, try the Bible!
 A love story of one mans' search for the "Bambino" he never knew! an old photo of a 5 year old child with the bittersweet smile of MONA LISA?? (A BIG CLUE?)  The family secrets that seperate them and the artisans, scholars and storytellers (can you say "SAINT") that try to re-unite them.
 This books is a real page turner.  Perhaps a little too intense in some parts, but it will keep you on the edge of your seat.  This book is unlike any other.  You will learn a lot while you are being entertained!<br/>I also recommend Christmas Gifts, Christmas Voices.  (See my Amazon review of book.)
 As usual, the book is much better than the movie, but still a wild goose chase of a plot. The author also cheats with the villain.
 This has got to be the best book that I have read in a very long time.  Having a Catholic school education, it certainly made me question some of things that I was taught.  This could very well be true.  Also, I will never be able to look at another DaVinci painting again.
 I love this book, Brown was able to bring in historical facts seemless into the story line. I enjoyed it alot.
 Absolutely loved this novel, full of twists and turns and amazing facts. Great novel, I've read everything by Dan Brown and this is one of my favorites, second only perhaps to Digital Fortress, in my opinion. Love it, keep up the good work Mr. Brown! Download &amp; read this when you get the chance, it's one of the great novels of our time.
 Wow!  I could not put this book down.  A real page turner through out!  I raced to find a DaVinci Art book so I could get a closer look at his work--couldn't believe my eyes--its's true!
 I read 'The Da Vinci Code' from cover to cover in two days - it was absolutely riveting! Beside being an exciting story, I also loved the details on ancient symbolisms, religious overtones, mathematical tidbits (e.g. phi) and settings in one of my favourite cities, Paris.<br/>Kudos to Dan Brown!
 What an amazing book. I literally read this book in less than two days. I only put the book down to eat, go to the bathroom, and to sleep. The book is an incredible mix of conspiracy and thrill. This book is recommended by me 110%. For anyone who loves religious conflict and conspiracy, this book is a must read.
 I read this book in one setting, which is a testament to this book's ability to keep one's attention.  Nevertheless, anyone with a little knowledge of religious studies or art history will find Brown's blatantly erroneous accounts of Christianity's development or Da Vinci's work unsettling.  He comfortably weaves such falsehoods with fascintating historical information in such a way that the average reader will be unable to distinguish the two.  At best this is manipulative, however, at its worst, it is grossly deceiving and unprofessional.
 This book has only one purpose: It gives insight into how ordinary people think like. A book completely devoid of any thinking or greater meaning. No insight into anything. It just goes from one implausible event to another.<br/><br/>I find it amazing that anyone could like it. All the people who like it are low-IQ people who cannot understand the great books. I only read the great books by the great authors, not garbage like this! This was a dip into commoner culture and I want no part of it!
 Just came back from the "Da Vinci Tour" in Paris and happy to say it was wonderful. We stayed at the Château de Villette just outside of Paris which was pretty much as described in the book. They served an excellent breakfast, croissants &amp; soyfe e ( ...] m) a delicious coffee substitute made from soy. Afterwards the days were spent time at the Louvre beginning at the Arc du Carrousel for a walking tour of the area around the Louvre.<br/><br/>Without a doubt, the tour brought out the best in Chagall, and allowed us to appreciate characteristics of his work that we might have noticed before, but not had the occasion to fit them together into a complete story - and a special respect for the story certainly is what set Chagall apart from his contemporaries. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED AAAAAA!!!!
 This is a good book...glad i bought it when it was free...WISH I WAS ABLE TO REVIEW PURCHASES BEFORE BUYING...SO I DON'T WASTE MY TIME AND/OR MONEY
 Good book to read, kept me interested. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys mind blowing, page turning thrillers.
 I tend to be a fairly slow reader, usually I can't manage more than 30ish pages or so a day from a book, this one had me doing 100+.  Regardless of all the hype and fire and brimstone around this book, I thought it was fun to read, especially as many of the puzzles were fun to play along with.
 This book contains the unexpected; it is an ingeniously multilayered pedigree, unfolding mysteries hidden beneath codes and challenges and fueled by dualism in pitch and cleverness.  The uncovering of the ultimate mystery is liken to the arduous process of removing worthless layers corrupting an original masterpiece... tedious and unpromising... and yet intense, electrifying, and most importantly, satisfying when closing in on the final result.  Let's just hope that your knowledge of church history is a little better than mine.
 A well written, well developed thriller.  I just wish my fellow reviewers weren't so taken with Dan Brown's lies dealing with history &amp; religion - he clearly did it to garner attention and sell books.  Revisionist history - Ugh.  BUT, if you can park that aside, it's the type of read that will eat your weekend up.
 Fun to read!  A work of fiction that created enough intrigue to make me look up some facts.  The writer was able to really paint a visual image.  Fast paced and full of conspiracy theories - very entertaining!
 I loved "The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown.  This is the first time that I have read one of his books and he has made me a fan already.  I enjoyed the book from the first page to the last.  I must say that the more I read, the more I wanted to read.  I enjoy books with action and mystery and this definately is a favorite.  I am sure that I will be reading this book over and over again in the future.  If you haven't read it yet, you must!!
 As a moderate Christian, I was looking forward to a wonderful read describing mysteries and codes beyond my dreams.  I finished the book, just barely.  The prose was poor and the surprises were all predictable.  Reading dry texts on the Holy Grail are far more satisfying.  I hope that the marriage described could have happened to intensify and both deify and humanize, Christ.  This book was only one list after another of dry information with the characters saying "Oh".  I would not recommend the book but other books on the same topic.
 I would recommend this book to anyone who questioned the catholic faith.  It reveals a lot of different ideas that seem pretty concrete.  I couldn't put the book down!  I loved it!  It was a well-written mystery that had many twists and turns that added to the excitement of the book.  Nothing was predictable.  Enjoy!
 This was a good read but I don't believe anything in it.
 The climacteric of this book got me hooked. Made me questioned what's real and false about life and our society. This book definetly rubbed some wake up call to the average Joe. There's about 3 scenes to the book where it jumps back and forth which can be a little confusing. After reading the beginning the 2nd time around, it was crystal clear.
 Obviously, many of the people writing negative reviews are unable to sit down and enjoy a piece of fiction for what it is...FICTION.  Most fiction is written based on facts that are woven into a story, emphasis on "story" here, that is intended to entertain you and perhaps provide a little escapism in our stressful world.  I thought this book was highly entertaining and being a Catholic myself, took no offense to Mr. Brown's insinuations of the Church or the Vatican knowing that I was reading a piece of FICTION.  Personally, I thought Angels and Demons was better but this one kept me turning the pages all the way until the end.  It has become a successful book because it is well written and full of drama, twists and turns and that is what people appreciate in a good FICTION book.  If you are reading it in order to dissect all the hidden meanings or to throw stones at the author for using poetic license to write a story, then don't bother...you don't need to be reading fiction, but non-fiction.  Then you can complain all you want about what was written and prove your point.  Read to enjoy and escape...not to dissect and disparage.
 As the author of, <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Second-Virgin-Birth/dp/1419671502/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Second Virgin Birth</a>, I have to say that this book by Dan Brown is very believable, with well developed-characters and amazing dialogue that surrounds an action-packed story that will keep you guessing the entire time.  I read it while sitting beside a computer so that I could look up every reference to paintings, etc. Made the book more enjoyable and added just a bit of believability.
 If I were to write a thriller featuring a high-speed car chase and wrote with what very little I know about cars and how they handle, I'd ruin the story. I doubt that I would find a publisher. In addition to several `venial sins,' there are many serious lapses, mortal sins that make one wonder why the publisher went ahead with this project.<br/>The pain of childbirth did not give birth to the "idea" of original sin. Genesis, which came into written form in the 11th or 10th century before Christ, used that pain as one of a half-dozen symbol sets  (joy and pain in childbirth) of the ambiguity-good and evil-brought into God's good world by the sin of Adam and Eve.<br/>The Hebrew canon or official list of books that constitute the Bible was determined by a rabbinical council near the end of the 1st century, and the list of what constituted the "New" Testament was evidently fairly well accepted by early Christian communities by the middle of the 2nd century.<br/><br/>Constantine make Sunday the day of worship. From the earliest days, Jewish-Christians observed the Sabbath, which ended on Saturday evening, and then, the same evening when the first day of the week begins, they concluded the Sabbath feast with a Eucharist to commemorate the resurrection of the Jesus.  They gave significance to the day as the first day of the new creation (a reference to Genesis and the creation of the world).<br/>If pictures of the Egyptian Isis nursing Horus became the blueprint for our modern images of the Virgin Mary nursing the baby Jesus, then the blueprint was hidden for a millennium. In earlier depictions, Mary is regal, seated by the side of Jesus. The first depictions of Mary nursing Jesus are medieval.<br/>Altars are found in the Bible, not just in pagan religions. Communion with the divinity is indeed found in pagan religions, but the Eucharistic consumption of Jesus' body and blood comes from Jesus' own transformation of the ritual of the Jewish Seder (or, possibly, a chaburah meal), not from paganism.<br/>The divinity of Jesus was not voted on at Nicea in 325. Belief in the divinity was firmly in place in the earliest Christian communities. Consider only John's Gospel, which was in existence at the beginning of the 2nd century. What was debated strenuously and eventually passed at Nicea was the introduction into a statement of belief of what heretofore had been a philosophical term: homoousios or, `of the same substance.'<br/>The Gnostic gospels were suppressed not on the basis of their depiction of Jesus as human, but because they are fanciful accounts of miracles and distant travels. The four `winning' gospels are really expanded passion/resurrection proclamations with few of the details that are indispensable to biography: childhood accounts, what Jesus did for the first 30 years of his life, etc. More than likely, the gospels of Philip and Mary and Peter and all the rest didn't make the cut because they went way beyond proclaiming the good news of the saving death and resurrection.<br/>The Dead Sea scrolls contain Hebrew and inter-testamental writings, not gospels. They have interest to Christians only as witnesses to the events that formed a background for the ministry of Jesus and travails of the early church.<br/>Mary Magdalene, the prostitute. It is true that Gregory the Great confused the identities of Mary of Magdala and the woman who was a sinner. Whether that culminated a smear campaign in the early church is far from certain. Some `Fathers of the Church" called Mary `the apostle of the apostles."<br/>Social decorum at the time of Jesus did favor marriage, but there were brotherhood societies (chaburah) and religious communities. Scholars today are not sure if the Last Supper was a brotherhood meal or a Seder. In either case, it would not have been surprising for a celibate teacher to gather the family of his disciples for either of those activities.<br/>The tribe of Benjamin is not a royal tribe. Neither is the tribe of Juda, the other of the 12 tribes that survived the Assyrian conquest when the 10 `lost' tribes disappeared. But the family of David of the tribe of Juda was a royal family.<br/>`Q' stands for Quelle (German for source). It refers to a hypothesis favored by biblical scholars of all major persuasions: a common source of the sayings of Jesus might pre-date and underlie the sayings that are found, in near word for word identity, in Matthew, Mark and Luke. This source may have been incorporated into the synoptic gospels, each of which has its unique character. No one believes that such a source would have been written by Jesus in his own hand.<br/>Shekinah is a word meaning `the presence or shining forth of God' and was a circumlocution for the inhabitant of the Holy of Holies, whose name, YHWH, could never be pronounced. When the Israelites said that the Shekinah dwelled or pitched tent in the Temple, they meant that YHWH did so.<br/><br/>A constant message of the prophets was condemnation of those Israelites who forsook YHWH for Baal and his consort, Astarte. Intercourse with Astarte's Temple prostitutes was an act of sacred mimicry that was supposed to guarantee fertility in one's fields and livestock. The practice was a constant temptation to Israelites to forsake their faith in YHWH.<br/>YHWH is not derived from Jehovah. It's just the other way around. Hebrew never showed vowels, only consonants such as the sacred YHWH. For that reason, ancient pronunciations are guesswork. Whenever Jewish readers come across this tetragrammaton, they substitute for it the word ADONAI, which means 'Lord.'Someone in the 16th century evidently asked a Jewish person to pronounce YHWH and got ADONAI. So he took the ADONAI vowel sounds--A,O and A--and inserted them between the four consonants, coming up with JAHOVAH (or Jehovah).
 I am sure by now, you've heard of the novel THE DA VINCI CODE.  If you are looking for a flurry of page-turning excitement, this is not it.  I found this book to be immensely overrated.  Still, I can see why some people would like it.  The movie was horrid.  I saw it this weekend and thought the book had to be better.  The book was better, but it was still overly detailed and the character was flat and uninspiring.  To give this book a letter grade, it would  be a C+.  Thank you for reading my review, LISA SCHUMER
 This has got to be a record number of theories that can packed into one story.  I have never read such a disjointed, mishmash of unresearched untruths in my entire life...The Georgia O'Keefe and Disney tie-ins were pretty absurd to say the least.  Why do people eat this ...up?  I am going to ask for my money back.
 The book was well written and gave a lot of clues to some things that were going to happen later in the book.  Kept me in suspense the entire reading.
 If you enjoy reading novel thrillers, fiction, reading at all then there is no reason why you shouldn't love this book. This is very simply one of the best things I have read, I feel honored that I got a chance to read this book. Can't wait for the sequel.<br/>I would give it a higher rating but there is only five stars, incredible book.<br/>This is my first book by Dan Brown, and most certainly he made a fan out of me.
 There is very little to be said in favour of this novel: it is a rehash job with a bad plot added to it, it is badly written, it lacks research (and provides lots of false information) and contains no characterization. Why on earth was this a bestseller? And why are all the main characters so useless at getting the clues?<br/>Anyone can point out the factual errors, but which young French Parisian woman would ever utter the following: "You're kidding, right? We're going to visit a knight?"<br/>What a waste of money! I can only hope it kept a few ignorant Americans amused on their cruises - or that it encourages them to visit the Temple Church (based on the Church of the Sepulchre in Jerusalem, which I suppose is pagan inspired, too ...), etc., etc.
 It's been years since I encounter a book which I simply can't put down... until my father in law surprised me with this gem.  I won't talk about the story's plot or even try to go into wether I believe there might be some truth to it.... all I can say is that in a world where nothing is what it seems, you can never dismiss theories, no matter how far fetched they might seem.  This is definately a book for the open minded... religious fanatics, stay away or your sensitivity will be hurt.
 This book has a formulaic plot and poor character development - Perfect for a Hollywood B-movie. A page-turner which is basically a treasure hunt with predictable riddles flavored with religious secret society conspiracy theories.
 The book splits itself into two distinct parts, the controversial background material and the suspense-chase story. It bounces unevenly back and forth, never really blending them in a satisfying way.<br/><br/>The suspense sequences are surprisingly lame and hokey at times. The background work (plausible or not) is much more interesting and easilly overtakes the horribly flawed narrative.<br/><br/>I couldn't get over how events near the end contradict - even cancel out - the beginning. The author presents developments which can be seen to render the whole damn plot unnecessary.<br/><br/>Overall, OK basically sums it up.
 Jesus was one day a man and the next day divine. Do not hate me for what Im about to say because you are only hating the truth. I know for sure that Jesus was not the son of God. He did heal the blind and he did raise the dead, but he did so with the power of the one and only God. The one God who never had a son or needed a son. Jesus was mortal and human like me and you.He drank and ate food and used the restroom like me and you. Nowhere did he ever utter the words "I am the son of God or I am God"..not even in the Bible. The belief of the Jews and Muslims is that Jesus was not God is correct. Although the Jews don't think as positively of Jesus as Muslims do. This man who wrote this book is a great man for mentioning the lost Gospels. These are the Gospels which Jesus declares that he was a prophet. Check your history Christians and you will see that Men(Paul) came up with the idea that Jesus was God, not Jesus himself. IF 2 billion people are following a system of beliefs that are not the true teachings of its follower, then this is the greatest coverup of all-time. Mary Magdaline has nothing to do with it. After reading this book, I reccomend that you read the dozen or so books by Ahmed Deedat, one of the best Bible Scholars of recent history. Be prepared to think differently.
 A terrific and suspensful "novel" which takes the reader through the twists and turns of a 2,000 year old mystery playing out in todays high tech environment.  This is a great "story"...foget the hype about what it says or doesn't say about Christianity and the hypersensitive who can't handle any criticism fictional or otherwise.  Dan Brown has not said anything in this book that others have not said for centuries, he just does in a great, readable, and enjoyable format.  It's a great book and a great read.
 This is in the same vein as "The Crying of Lot 49" but without Pynchon's sought-after style. Nevertheless, "The da Vinci Code" delivers a page-turning, mind-churning bonanza. Brown's passion for detail is admirable, but his research is less than superior. Nevertheless, one delves not only into a captivating adventure but also an intellectual spree. The connections between different information a la any mystery novel is especially eye-raising and interesting. Albeit the denoument is somewhat lacking, the rest of the action definitely makes up for it. Hence the 5 stars...
 this book is great, because it find its ways to show truth. Truth like it is found eg in <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Jesus-The-Book/dp/1936060264/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jesus The Book</a> or <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Gospel-of-Mary-Magdalene/dp/0892819111/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Gospel of Mary Magdalene</a>. It's time somebody stands up and speaks out loud. Thank you Dan Brown for having found such a wonderful way with it!!
 I don't want to sound like a cliche, but it is one of the best non-fiction books I've read. Just because it is well thought through and keeps you on the edge of your seat all the way till the end. And the end is so worth it, a nice surprise.
 I recently read this book and note that the number of thinly veiled negative reviews should be enough to convince you to read it too.<br/><br/>Although diguised as fiction, 'The Da Vinci Code' exposes both religious myth and motivation then distills the fundamentals of current belief systems to the point where the reader severely questions the major cornerstones of our religious societies and exposes the fallacy of those foundations.<br/><br/>Check your selfish 'I wanna be entertained with fantasy and I believe what I believe' expectation at the door and instead approach this story with an open mind.
 Although it is an easy read, this book is over-hyped.  The chapters are short, which is good...but the ending seems a little "Scooby Doo" to me.
 What we know about certain things like the Holy Grail may not be what it is. Although some may think that the novel of Dan Brown could affect the Catholic belief, it is not that bad to be open to things that could really be mind liberating for us.  The genesis of the novel is as meaty and exciting as the end. A great salute for a great book.
 This book was simply amazing. It is a classic page-turner that keeps you guessing until the end. What I found most interesting was the amount of Catholicism in the book. Be warned: what you believe may not be what is contained in this book. Dan Brown is a shockingly good author, and this book is top notch.
 I throughly enjoyed the book though it seemed to want to scandalize Christianity.  Read the book, enjoy the book, but if you really have questions about Christianity, then study Christianity.  You will see how it brings up valid questions and then answers them without understanding the true nature of Christianity.  I hope no one is duped.  I had a good laugh reading it myself.
 I give this book five stars.  I have never read a book that could maintain my interest from the first page.  I think this book is genius.  Not only does it have a suspenseful story plot.  it also has information that will blow your mind.  So if your into suspense thrillers or books on science, art, or religion, I suggest you check out this book.
 I loved the book, as it's a great read. I read it cover to cover in less than 24 hrs!
 Dan Brown's second novel The Da Vinci Code has become a literary phenomena, spawning countless books related to the topic, a movie, a myriad of discussions, and so much more. But let's take a look inside this book shall we? The book starts with the murder of the head curator of the museum. Ah but that is just the beginning! The curator was able to leave clues for his daughter, who is a cryptographer herself, follows these clues to France and England, through the past and the present, Through cultured religion and the unorthodox searching for the Knight's Templar and the code the world's masterpieces hold. Dan Brown is a master of suspense and The Da Vinci Codes is just one more notch in this fabled author's cap. Beautifully written and without flaws this is one book I highly recommend!!<br/><br/>And for those who enjoy books on ancient cultures, I'd recommend: <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Fates/dp/143823323X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fates</a>
 Amazing. That is all I have to say.<br/>If you love to be enlightened and surprised, while also enjoying an exciting thriller read this book.<br/>One of the best reading experiences of my life
 There are obviously two approaches to works such as these...one is the standard approach that most readers assuredly take and that is to enjoy a gifted author penning a marvelous book (hence the reason for this to be on the best-seller list for what seems like forever). The other of course is to approach this with the historian's view...a view toward the astounding revelations that Brown exposes here about Christ and the actions of the Catholic Church. I, with little theology history background to formulate an informed opinion, lean towards the first approach and wholeheartedly recommend "The Da Vinci Code" to any and all readers who enjoy a thrilling novel or who enjoy the capability of an author to captivate the reader and truly define that old maxim "a page turner".<br/><br/>This well publicized story is a good one...a murder at the Louvre is so mysterious that it requires a Harvard symbologist and a polce cryptologist to help solve. Clue after clue are uncovered revealing the existence of a secret society that has guarded a powerful secret for ages that, if exposed, would rock the very foundation of Christianity. There are of course the bad guys who would go to any extreme to keep this information secret and this conflict, with it's many plot twists and turns is Brown's stage. Many new perspectives (at least to me) are added to the base understanding of Christ and the Catholic Church that, although controversial, can surely lead one to further study. None of this would have much meaning however if it weren't for a capable author...one who has a marvelous story-telling and story-writing ability. The reader is truly captivated and will have a hard time putting this down...I'd wager that regardless of which theological side you're on, you'll race through this work to see how it ends.<br/><br/>So for an astounding revelatory read with an historical bent, you'll do no better than "The Da Vinci Code". Brown's controversial classic is sure to continue the ages old arguement on Church and Faith, but, if you're able to get past the controversy, you'll enjoy a superlative literary experience.
 When you are used to reading material by Frederick Fosythe or Tom Clancy, this was really a sophomoric book by comparison. Yeah, the research was there, but I figured out most of the clues before they were revealed.
 a great book that breaks down the lies in the bible, people think it fell from the sky, and then you see how men decided which is from god and  the other  sects were  persecuted. and youll see why the catholic church and others attack this book so much cause of the truth revealed showing their worthless faith. dan brown you are a hero for telling the truth at all costs!
 As a matter of fact the only good thing about this book is that I got it free. Its ridiculous inaccurance and lack of cultural reference is overcome only by the predictability of the plot.<br/>As a reader I would feel offended by somebody who would so badly mistreat my thinking capacity.<br/>Two good examples:<br/>Does Mr. Brown know  the correct spelling of the English name for Leonardo's famous portrait? It is MONNA ( double N) hardly rearranging into his poorly chosen AMON, on the other hand not without a hilarious effect since MONA ( single N) indicates the female genitals in the Venitian dialect<br/>Does Mr. Brown actually considers that Emperor Constantine knew and spoke English so as to give the name of SUN - DAY to the seventh day of the week, honouring the abandoned cult of the sun, as he states in his novel? Amazing, since the name of that day in all latin languages is derived from Dies Dominicus, day of the lord ( domenica, dimanche, dominga) and even more amazing an English speaking Roman Emperor.<br/>In my opinion Mr. Brown should do a lot more reading than writing, for histoy's sake.<br/>maria russo
 once you start you can't stop turning the pages. one of my most memorable books I've ve read recently in recent time.
 The story is all around awesome, but the audio reader is what made it such an incredible piece. He had a voice that fit the character and also fluctuated with tones and perfect accents to fit all the other characters. I listened to it on my commute to and from work- I was a better driver because I went slow to hear as much as possible. The only dissappointment was that a couple of the discs were scratched and skipped sometimes. That is what I get for buying used! I suggest listening to a different type of book between 'Davinci Code' and 'Angels and Deamons.' They carry an idea similar to the 'Indiana Jones' series, but the readers are completely different people with completely different styles, which messed up the image in my head for a few chapters.
 If you haven't read it yet, Then I recommend that you do. Dont wait for the movie.
 I've never been into novels, but this one was great!!!.<br/>I just could't put it down. I would recommed it to anyone
 This is one of the most intelligent books I have read in quite a while.  Really sucks you in from page 1 and doesn't let go.  Despite the intellectual drama of the plot, this book is written in surprisingly accessible prose.  Each time I see someone reading this book, I find myself a bit jealous that I can't experience it again wtih them!
 there is not much to say about this book except that it is a total rip-off of "the book of light" by Michelle Simons.  The davinci code uses the exact same premise of the book of light, exept it is written in the style of a 3 year old, it makes sense why it appeals to so many.  If you read other low star reviews it explains my reasoning.  I do not hae the time to tell you why.
 I originally read this because I was on a dating site and every single person seemed to have read it...so I checked it out. If this was really a religion...I'd be religious. This is a great read and it made me want to learn more about a lot of different topics. I wish there were more references and resources listed in back to follow up regarding some of the crazy stuff that sounds so real.
 gift. no knowledge of product effectiveness or quality
 If you read only one book this year, it should be The Da Vinci Code.  In fact, if you only read one book this decade, it should be this one.  I could not put it down.  Dan Brown pulls you in on so many levels.  This book redefines the phrase, "page-turner."  I was blown away.  I have recommended this book to everyone I know.
 This novel is a amsterful work that combines a realistic story of fiction with an amazing buffet of facts. I love books that take common knowledge and show how it could be/in fact is otherwise. This book fits that description in every chapter within. I hope to read his other works as soon as possible.
 I read the book.  It was good.  A guy gets killed, and a really smart Harvard man and a French policewoman try to find the killer.  Bhosre waale gandu aur maader chod logo kush aur kerne koo nahi hai joo yahaa computer kai saame apne maa koo chod rahee hoo.  I stayed up all night to read this book, it was that good.  Jaa kar kahi aur gand maraao.  If you can understand Hindi, then I am talking about you.
 Regardless of the hype, this is an excellent novel.  It's fast-paced, interesting, intriguing, thought-provoking and keeps you turning the pages as fast as you can.  If you are looking for a good 'read', you can't go wrong with this book.  As for the controversy, keep an open mind and you will be suprised at how much this book makes you think.
 What was all the fuss about? Apart from the central idea regarding Jesus's lineage, which is interesting (but isn't exactly original) this is a tedious old read, full of dumb cliches, unbelievable characters (especially the villains) and with these ridiculous childish anagrams and puzzles peppered throughout which, I'm guessing, are supposed to flatter the reader into thinking he/she is some sort of genius cryptographer. Complete garbage.
 At this point all the reviews are obviously bad. I just finished the book and must tell you it's a great thriller. I've followed Da Vinci's works a lot of time and this is just an incredible point of view, and an awesome way of introducing some culture to our stupid-religious society. I hope it spread it's word over the seas. Greatly recomended. Don't hear those trying to be different by low-rating this masterpiece.
 I have read a lot of Dan Brown's books and loved them but this is my most favorite of his books. I couldn't put it down.Great page turner.You find yourself disscussing this book with everyone.AWESOME,AWESOME,AWESOME!!!
 This book was fantastic!  I bought it and it sat on my shelf for almost a month before I started reading.  After that, I couldn't put it down!  The information and research woven into the plot made it seem very realistic and intriguing.  I recommend this book very highly!
 Another reviewer accurately terms the writing "paint by numbers" and I must agree. My family and I listened to the audio tape together and had predicted out the plot by the end of the first side of tape I. The concept is old, and has been better done by others. Very disappointing.
 As far as good reading, I found this book slow and loaded with bad history.  I've read enough historical fiction to have a comparision and I also have read enough ancient chruch and and ancient history to know that the claims are weak if not laughable.<br/><br/>  Beyond the obvious what Dan Brown's book really is, is an introduction to semi-gnostic paganism vieled in Christian languague and history to give it a facade of respectablility.  In some ways this is Dan Browns gospel, his religion.
 I'll leave the review of the content to the printed book. Disabling text to speech - thanks for the arbitrary limitation!
 Possibly the worst book I've ever come across. Normally I will try to read and finish a book however bad. I like to finish but this was really hard work and eventually I just couldn't take it any longer. Why? Unreadable.<br/><br/>Loads of publicity and complaining from the church made this book popular.  Dreadful.
 The second of Dan Brown's books to feature Robert Langdon, "The Da Vinci Code" opens in Paris with the death of Jacques Sauniere. Murdered by a mysterious albino, Sauniere - the curator of the Louvre - realises that a highly important secret will die with him if he doesn't find some way of passing it on.<br/><br/> A short time later, Langdon is woken by a phone call. A professor of Religious Symbology at Harvard University and the author of several books, his first adventure was outlinedin "Angels and Demons" - the events of which have turned him into something of a celebrity. In Paris on business, the phone call leads him to the Louvre at the request of the DCPF - officially to lend his experience and knowledge at the crime scene. Sauniere's body had been found in a very strange position, with a number of codes, symbols and phrases written on and around the corpse. Furthermore, it's clear that Sauniere himself was responsible for writing the codes. As Langdon puzzles over the meaning of what he sees, Sophie Neveu, a French cryptologist, arrives at the scene. She provided interesting information on the meaning of the codes, and some disturbing information for Langdon himself. It seems that, rather than being asked along for his expertise, he is instead the prime suspect. Langdon and Neveu go on the run - trying to avoid arrest and the albino, while also trying to solve the mysterious sequence left by Sauniere.<br/><br/> After I'd heard so many positive reports about this book, I found it something of a disappointment. Langdon wasn't an entirely likeable character - there were times he was a little smug or dismissive - while Neveu, his sidekick, sometimes appeared almost gullible. Bearing in mind both Langdon's and Neveu's professions it was almost shocking watching them struggle with some of the most obvious clues. While Dan Brown may have been an English teacher, this book does little to support the suggestion that he is a "master craftsman". The twists and turns I'd heard so much about were pretty obvious, while certain words and phrases were used to the point of distraction. On the other hand, the story is easily enough followed - you won't have to concentrate to figure out what's going on. It'll be a useful way to pass a few hours on a long flight or on the beach. On the whole, though, I think I'd recommend "Foucault's Pendulum", by Umberto Eco instead. It has a similar 'theme' to "The Da Vinci Code", but is a much more absorbing book.
 I really enjoyed this book.  I kept me interested the whole time.  I didn't want to put it down.  I wish I had an encyclopedia with me when I read it, just to do some research, but it kept me so interested, I didn't even want to put it down to research certain things.  I highly recommend it to everybody with an open mind.
 Good story, except for the last 20% of the book.<br/>At that point the author starts to have the characters to things they would not do except to mislead the reader.<br/>In the book earlier part of the book the readers get the same information that the main characters do, however at this point in the book the author withholding information the characters do.
 This book was wonderful.  Once again I was stuck to the pages; having difficulty putting it down.  I am amazed at how much research this author puts into his books; it makes them more cerebral than other murder mystery books.  I loved Angels and Demons and was thrilled when this book came out.
 I found this a great treat.  It is not the my typical genre, so if you are looking for a change, this is wonderful.  Once I started this mystery, I could not put it down.
 Rather than the talent of its author, The DaVinci Code displays the power of what Joni Mitchell calls "the star-maker machine."<br/><br/>... But the hype doesn't reflect the real quality of the book, which has a stereotyped and threadbare plot. Especially pernicious is the cliched love story between the American intellectual and the sexy French babe (significantly younger than he is). The book is already made for TV.<br/><br/>The success of this book rather is the product of the effort that its publisher put into promoting it. Would that such efforts would be expended on truly exciting new authors or even on classic authors who are under-read.<br/><br/>In addition, the scholarly underpinnings of this book are ludicrous. Not only -- as other posters have indicated -- is Mary Magdalene demonstrably not a figure in DaVinci's "The Last Supper," but the linguistic argument that merges the grail with the blood of Christ ("graal" with "sang graal") is also based on an historical error, since the earliest grail text (Chretien de Troyes' Perceval) does not include the phrase "sang graal," a literary fact of which Brown (and the sources he shamelessly cribs) seems unaware.<br/><br/>Boo -- a bad book.
 Those christian readers that take the bible literally, believe everything they are told by their church, and are not used to critical thinking should stay away from this book. You will waste money on a book that is going to cause you anger and frustration (see some of the reviews here...).<br/>To all others I really recomend this book. It is both enlighting and entertaining. Remember that it is fiction, but you will read about a lot of facts that you probably didn't know.
 A captivating mystery holds your attention right to the very end and leaves you wanting more clues to the story
 Dan Brown at his best.  The book keeps you interest the whole way through.  It may be fictional, but it blends enough detail and real information to make you wonder how true the entire story could be.
 My sister, an avid reader as I am, said, "You've GOT to read this book!"  She failed to see it as fiction, and thought it was based on real secret research. (And she is an intelligent reader and great lover of thrillers.)  This book ranks with The Red Tent in seriously disappointing books.  The story is based on an old, old heresy the Catholic school kids used to share on the back of the school bus--that Jesus had an affair with Mary Magdalene.  It takes the story a bit further than the nuns did (who may have shared that story just to make Jesus more 'human' and appealing to their students), suggesting that a daughter born of that liason inherited Jesus's Genes or something like that.  It's not clear.<br/>Brown may have intended to appeal to feminists with the premise that the early Christian church was headed by Mary Magdalene, after Christ ascended, and that some young woman of her line still exists as a secret leader of the underground Christian church, but this idea is so fuzzily presented as to look like a ploy to appeal to women readers.  I found it insulting.<br/>Like the much - touted Red Tent book, this is presented in a great cloud of detail, some of which adds to the fiction, most of which drags it down. It is hard to keep focused on the point of the story. It gets hard to even identify the point of the story. And, as with The Red Tent, it was a passable story until about mid-way, then it falls flat -- just too stupid to merit the hype.  I did finish the book.  I wanted to see whether it got better later.  It didn't.  It was lame at best, and a waste of time.  One star is really too high a score for this tale.
 I couldn't read from this because it is too big and awkward. I did buy the paperback and referred to this at the end of each chapter for the pictures and references.  A must have if you enjoyed the Da Vinci Code!
 I am so glad that I bought the special edition of this book.  I had just begun reading the original, when I learned of the  special edition.  I put down the first and began the illustrated version.  I imagine that people will want to re-read this novel and gain the wonderful insight that the special edition offers.<br/><br/>I highly recommend the newer version!
 This was hard to put down once I started.  I do hope someone decides to write a screen play for it... It would make a terrific movie!  There... short and sweet! ;-)
 This is a compelling mystery remixing the grail mythos.  However Mr. Brown's characters and their emotional interactions are preadolescent.
 I am a devout Christian, but I'm able to enjoy the culture of many books without being offended.  I highly recommend this book as long as you are not easily offended.
 Not a bad read.  The story flowed quite nicely, until the final 3rd of the book, that's when it really slowed down to a snail's pace.  Intruiging nontheless.  Worth the read.  Do your own research and you be the judge. That's what I am doing right now, researching on pagan gods and rituals.
 This book is incredibly well researched and is filled with fascinating theories and facts.  In the genre of "Gulliver's Travels," The DaVinci Code raises issues that have been ignored by mainstream Christianity for centuries.  If you have any interest the true relationship between Mary Magdalene and Jesus, you're going to love this book.
 Am pleased to say that the above item was posted &amp; received in Australia within 3 weeks from date of purchase! As expected it arrived in brand new condition, still in packaging &amp; brilliant read! Excellent Service! Would recommend product, business anyday!
 Good book to take on vacation or to the beach - entertaining and quick.
 This is the best book I've ever read.  It was both suspenseful and simultaneously educational.  What a great way to convey information  about art and religion that may otherwise bore the average person.  I could not put this book down and I was sorry when it was over.  I am looking forward to reading more Dan Brown novels.
 this is already one of my all time fave books! i'm really looking fwd to the next langdon adventure!
 This book is a great read; it is a page turner, but it's like the proverbial "Chinese food." A few minutes after you have finished it you feel as if you've read nothing at all. I don't believe that the Catholic church cares one way or the other about the "Holy Grail." The "quest" for this undocumented object is perpetuated by fiction writers, Hollywood producers, and misguided individuals who believe that objects can be endowed with supernatural power-the Jerry Springer crowd.<br/>The great tragedy about this mystery book is that the writer wastes his time on this boring subject. He is multi-talented as a writer, but an untalented chooser of what to write about. Isn't this what editors and agents are for?<br/>Try again, please, Dan, but next time choose a believable story.
 Amazing book!
 Renowned author Dan Brown watched with justifiable pride as the printer spat forth the final page of his just-completed manuscript.  He smiled wanly with smug satisfaction, knowing that he had successfully butchered theology, history, a score of other academic disciplines and English syntax like a slaughterhouse with a new McDonald's contract.  As he encased the freshly printed manuscript in regulation-brown post-office wrapping paper, Dan couldn't help but notice that it was as thick as three stubbed-out Gitanes laid end-to-end.  How could anyone smoke Gitanes, those practically toxic cigarettes you can mercifully find only in France? Dan thought.  He shook his head in disbelief, then deftly placed the return address sticker on the package.  By now his obviously fertile imagination was doing cartwheels, and he could already see the lightly fluttering bosoms of female talk-show hostesses earnestly inquiring how such a young man could have such deep knowledge of so many profound subjects.  He silently chuckled to himself as he imagined one or two of them confiding, You can uncover the truth of my sacred feminine anytime.  Dan strode to the curb, thrust the package into the mailbox and raised the bright red metal flag, now standing before him like a miniature Eiffel Tower as monument to a goodly year's worth of sweat, tears and sangre.
 This is a good mystery with puzzles to solve, historical sights, interesting happenings and escapes, but flimsy in its basis.  Enjoyed it but couldn't take it seriously at all, almost laughable. But you might like it.
 Wow a great read! Should have true impact on human culture..where we've been, the propaganda we've bought. Makes one believe maybe we don't have it right.....
 I really enjoyed this NOVEL and I think most "normal" believers would absolutely love it as well.  Well worth the read!  Don't dis it before you read it all the way through like some morons around here.
 Well, I must be an army of one, but this is the most wretchedly written book it's been my misfortune to encounter in many a long day.  I'm a lifelong mystery and thriller afficionado, and it's rare that such an interesting concept has been presented in such a banal, pedestrian, stultifying, and often ridiculous style.  Phooey.<br/>. . . but many others have loved it, so . . .
 Dan Brown must be the most OVER-RATED author in history.  Seriously.<br/><br/>This piece of trash is only good for kindling.
 I realize that I'm coming late to the critical table on this one, but I've only just read it. Pointless though denouncements may be in the face of this book's popularity, I thought it was awful; shoddy religious history, overdone narrative devices, and stock characters in the service of a story that comes to a weak and displaced conclusion that seems to have dropped out of the sky into the final chapter. Everyone loved it, I know. Not me. The illustrations were the only pleasurable part of the experience.
 I know it's been around for awhile, but I hadn't read it.  Great book...will buy another of this authors books.
 This is one of the better books I have read in many a year. It is a mystery thriller, a fascinating detective story, and is based upon history. All women will be delighted with the ending.
 I found that this book was not as good and thrilling as Angels &amp; Demons. I also felt that some of the "truth" sound a bit stretched. It was not as good as the hype. I hope his next novel will be much better.
 If you are a real reader and like plots and characters you will be disappointed by this crap. Really lame characters and not much suspense. This is probably his second best book but I think they all pretty well suck. Very formulaic and not well done.<br/><br/>I'd heard so much good about this book that I wasted money on a hardback, I gave the book away when I was done laughing at it.
 A cryptic nailbitting masterpiece of the thriller genre - Dale Brown's words electrifies our interest and holds us to the very last word...a late night burner of a read.
 This is really a potboiler: the plot is intriguing and has lots of twists, but I kept getting annoyed with his writing.  It felt like a movie script with lots of action but little else.  This is a fine novel if you want to pass some time, but it is not well-written from a prose point of view.
 Suspense, mystery, and an amazingly visual story line graces the pages of this masterpiece of a book. While "The Da Vinci Code" is an excellent read,<br/><br/>believe absolutely nothing in the book!!!! It's all pure FICTION!!!<br/><br/>Controversial yet surprisingly good I only read the book to understand the movie. But I hadn't seen the movie yet. I've watched the trailers yes, so it was hard for me to think of Robert Langdon being some one other than Tom Hanks. THis book is fictional and YET IS AN ASTOUNDING PIECE OF FICTION! Read this book but, even though you're tired of hearing me say it, remember BELIEVE NOTHING YOU READ!!
 Do NOT begin this book on a work night---I had to read the whole night thru and was tempted to call in sick so I could finish!!
 And I thought it was just me.  The book is poorly written and contains woefully inadequate plot and character developments.  From what I understand it is also full of historical inacurracies.<br/>It's almost as if it's written for people with short attention spans.  It's only a matter of time before Hollywood makes it into a movie.  I wonder which big name star will play Langdon?
 I couldn't put this book down. Every chapter was very interesting and the suspense made you want to read more and more. I liked how he alternates each chapter with a different character in the book and this keeps you on edge and wanting to read on to find out what happens next. I really enjoyed reading this book.
 What a piece of anti-Catholic psycho-babble junk.  The author attempts to fuse feminism and mysticism with a conspiracy run by the Vatican.  My wife gave it to me for Father's Day and I worked my way through it hoping something interesting would happen.  My sister then gave it to me for my birthday and I refused it.  The writing is terrible.  If this is what the popular novel has come to it is another sign that the apocalypse is upon us.
 Very good
 I am not done with the book yet, but it is the most fascinating, thrilling, book that I have ever read.  I can never put it down, unless it gets to about 1 am in the morning :)<br/>The book is so interesting that I never knew anything besides Da Vinci painting the Mona Lisa, The Last Supper and others.  But to find information on the Holy Grail (not sure if it is true), that was a big impact when I read it.<br/>I give this book 5 stars.  Because that is what it deserves.  Can not wait til Dan Brown's next adventure of Robert Langdon.
 Excellent book.  Could not put it down.  I can't wait to read more of Dan Brown's books in the future.
 A fun, fast read. Brown's book is exciting and great. Great for some free-time reading.
 Needed more than a single reader, especially for female voice.  English accents done badly.
 You must read this!!  Dan's best work yet!<br/>PS. Has anyone gotten Jonas' password in the webquest?  For the life of me I cannot figure it out.  Any hints????  Thanks!
 The Da Vinci Code is by far probably the best book I have ever read. This thriller sets the hook of all hooks and drags the reader along. I couldn't put it down. I was on my computer researching the historical information from the painting just to see that they were true! Dan Brown is pure genius!
 This book grabs you from the beginning and holds your interest throughout! The storyline was just amazing. It was a very fast read and I honestly couldn't put it down.
 The premise of the book is intriguing and the history presented made it a real page turner.  The big disappointment for me was figuring out the final cryptex code well before the book's noted symbiologist, historian, and crytologist.
 I thoroughly enjoy this book and was intrigued through out the entire read. This book also gave me a new incite into Christianity; it's good points and it contradictory bad points. I gave this book 5 stars because I found it entertaining and thought provoking.
 This was a page turner, a murder mystery with an historic plot that will keep your attention throughout. The only fault was the end seemed a little hastily written, like the author ran out of time and had to feed you a condensed version to get it to his publisher on time! I still give it 5 stars!
 An exceptional book of immense dimensions....truly a must read....a well researched , highly engrossing , intelctually stimulating , a fast paced thriller delving into forgotten history...... words cannot describe how fascinating a book this is!!!
 The Da Vinci Code was a great read with all the twists and turns.  Those that like a good mystery will definately enjoy this book.  If you haven't read it,  you might consider it.  I also have the dvd and enjoy watching.
 The book was excellent and definitely worth the hype. I truly had a difficult time putting it down for the past 12 days. The chapters are short and you feel like you're making progress in a 450 page book.<br/><br/>On a different note, it's frustrating that these one star reviewers bash the novel claiming it twists the truth. This is a work of FICTION. I agree that it mixes true facts with fiction and can/will confuse the mind of an "young" Christian. However, it is a story. Write a review about the book, the story told within it, and the twists and turns it takes instead of taking the defensive route on what you believe spiritually.
 I enjoyed this book from cover to cover!  It was hard for me to put this book down, because I couldn't stop reading "one more page", to see what would happen next.  One of my all time favorite books.
 I just finished reading this book, and I could not put it down. This is one of the few books that can truly make a person think about the world.  Mr. Brown's writing is so intelligent, and intuitive, that a reader can truly have an enjoyable experience.  Thank you Mr. Brown for restoring my faith in the literary world.
 A fantastic book, an easy read, and certainly thought-provoking. However, people should not make the mistake and take it as absolute truth, but do their own research. An interesting article is  ...]<br/>Nevertheless, a highly entertaining and interesting book.
 Great ideas in this book.  The twists and turns were fun, and the religious ideas brought up were very thought provoking.
 A very enjoyable read.<br/><br/>Well written. Brown presents an engaging murder-mystery plot with interesting characters, intriguing puzzles and solid historical references. His research of the relevant history and locations really shows and lends great depth to the story<br/><br/>Highly recommended
 <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/The-Da-Vinci-Code/dp/0307474275/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Da Vinci Code</a>Whether it be based in fact or totally fiction, the story is GREAT! I couldn't put it down. Dan Brown in on my top 10 list of favorite authors and story tellers. He really pulls you in from the first paragraph and takes you on an exciting ride that never disappoints. I rarely read books twice, but after a couple years, I reread after I had read Angels &amp; Demons. Both excellent reads.
 If you like to read suspense and have a fondness for history this is a really good book. I loved this book.  I don't know if I've ever been able to give a book 5 stars (wish I could find one) but this is one of my favorites.  I only think the author dragged it on alittle to long at the end. But one of my fav's.  Read it!!!
 Pity is all that i feel for anyone who would be stupid enough to believe anything they read in this book. I mean come on. I know that its easy for simple people to get sucked into believing thinks that are untrue but to believe something this ridiculous... you would be deserving of spite. I don't know, I just feel sorry for anyone retarded enough to thing something this obviously false was true. The Da Vinci Code is an insult to my intellect. I think that Dan Brown just hates Christians and wanted to piss us off. I really hope people don't sink to this level of lame.
 Once again, Dan Brown has spun a great story with lots of twists and turns.<br/>It was hard to believe that Langdon's friend Tebring was actually playing the other side of the line.  I never would have guessed it.<br/>I wasn't sure initially about Sophie at the beginning (and neither, I might add, was Robert), but she turned out to be a "very cool customer".  She knows her job, does it well, and manages to stay personal and emotional throughout the book.<br/>I definitely recommend this book to anyone.
 I found the "thrill" to be missing from this "thriller." I don't understand why people are still raving about it. The characters are not believable, and the plot has inane twists. There are still good novels being written; this just isn't one of them.
 After reading Angels and Demons I didn't rush into this book, and my reservations (and myriad bad reviews) were borne out.
 I read the book several years ago soon after publication and before all the hype and hoopla. The theories Brown presents are intriguing and thought provoking and are the only reason I managed to finish the book. However, I was very bored with the sophomoric writing style, the flat one-dimensional characters and the way the events just fell into place, very scripted. But to give credit where credit is due, Brown was did a good job of weaving the "theories" into the story other than that, the book lacked depth.
 I NEVER do reviews, but I felt this one was up to the task. I could not put it down! The beauty of having history involved with the mystery and thriller aspects was simply page turning. Did I mention I couldn't put it down? Thank goodness for fall, rain, a fireplace and a GOOD BOOK! I wished it went on on and on! Get it!
 this book is a must read.. full of interesting things about the vatican and it's inner workings...very intrigueing and suspenseful.. i loved it..
 Dan Brown has done his homework.  I read the novel with great interest.  He is a writer that has you turning the pages to get to the next exciting event.  I highly recommend this novel to all who are turned on by a well written story with exceptional interest and superior research.<br/>More about Richard E. Flanagan at  ...]
 This is one of the most intelligently written, fun books that I have read in recent times.  I could not put it down!  There were absolutely remarkable twists and turns.  The history, use of anagrams, mystery, and religious symbology were fascinating.  Dan Brown, you have found a fan!
 A mix of Indian Jones and James Bond!  It was a pleasure Mr. Brown.  Please write more soon!
 The funny thing about Dan Brown's books: they are all the same. I read one and really enjoyed it, and then read another and thought "Wow, it's like I'm re-reading the same book." He is definitely a formula writer; he found something that worked for him and used it for everything else afterwards. It's almost as if he has a computer program that lets him substitute names, places, and circumstances, yet the events and timeline, even the relationship between the characters are exactly the same. This guy is a hack and an insult to every reader who has any sort of intelligence.
 One of the best books I have ever read. Totally captivating I could not put it down and finished in 2 days
 For the time-challenged, here is the short version of this review:<br/>Highs: the French sentences are correctly spelled.<br/>Lows: everything else.<br/>Want a more complete picture? Read on, but don't say I didn't warn you.<br/>The basic premise of "The Da Vinci Code" is this: an American expert on religious symbology uncovers a conspiracy to eliminate the descendants of Mary Magdalene, who was Jesus Christ's wife. He is aided by a French cryptologist, who happens to be the recent victim's granddaughter, while being chased around by the French police and, naturally, the Catholic Church's hitman. Hero and heroine go through an esoteric version of a treasure hunt involving, more of less in this order: a message written in blood, another message written in invisible ink, a permutation of the Fibonacci sequence, a safe deposit box key, a box with a rose on its lid and a white cylinder with five coded sections inside, an inverted message (in English, despite having been written by a Frenchman, for his French granddaughter), a tomb in London, a smaller cylinder, presumably with a papyrus inside, and here I stop to avoid spoiling the non-climax.<br/>Needless to say, this by itself would not carry the story very far but, wait, there's more: did I mention the Catholic Church is dead set against our heroes ever discovering its dirty secret, and therefore they're throwing in their best and brightest to thwart them? Namely: a self-flagellating, gigantic albino with an IQ of around 20, who seems to be perpetually on crack, plus a jet-set American bishop connected with a mysterious "Teacher" (whom I won't reveal, either, lest I spoil this component of the final non-climax as well). And that's it. No Sicilian Mafia, no Spanish Inquisition, no Swiss Guard-sorry, wrong again: there's the French police, perpetually two steps behind everyone else in the story, but speaking lots of correctly spelled French (unlike the Spanish in the book).<br/>Characters: you've probably guessed it. Robert Langdom, the hero, is a Harvard version of Indiana Jones. He's an expert in religion, maybe because of his belief that religion is bad for people. At the end, he hasn't changed one iota. Sophie Neveu is the granddaughter of the previous Grand Master of the "Priory of Sion," and this fact is key, because she keeps remembering things her granddad had told her long ago so she could solve the mystery. We're told she's a brilliant cryptologist but her memory, however, is so weak that the necessary clues only come back after pages and pages of mental jogging. As to the villains, I've already mentioned the albino and the bishop; the French police inspector is very French (as in "Casablanca," but without the jokes), which defines him completely. There's also an English scholar, Sir Leigh Teabing, who hides a terrible secret behind his facile demeanor. This secret is definitely not his deep aversion to the Catholic Church, which he expostulates through lengthy lectures.<br/>Plotwise, the book follows a treasure hunt structure, with chapters interspersed to show how the villains are getting closer to the heroes. At some point, the albino catches up with them but they disable him easily despite having no weapons (this sort of thing happens again in the non-climax scene, involving another villain that I won't mention). This and the "anima ex machina" interventions by the dead grandfather, who always had the right clue to give but Sophie had somehow forgotten until that very moment, make for very dull reading. Here is a typical page: Langdon and Sophie are stumped by the most recent clue. They talk back and forth for many pages. Then Langdon reveals a piece of the ongoing Catholic conspiracy against the defenders of truth and freedom, and then Sophie remembers something her grandfather had once told her, which leads them to the next clue after maybe using a bit of kindergarten-level cryptography. Rinse. Repeat.<br/>As for setting, the whole book has a luscious white-room feel, where the only locations described in any detail are the albino's hideouts. Even street addresses are given for those (they are, apparently, Opus Dei centers, whom anyone can find in a phonebook). After he goes inside, accuracy goes out the window, but what do readers know? Depictions of the albino's self-flagellations are presented at the start, probably to hook the reader, but these too seem taken from medieval stories rather than modern-day practices of corporal mortification. There are lectures on the Priory of Sion and Church's big conspiracy against them, but you can get more depth from a Web search for a fraction of the cost, and I suspect this is precisely all the author did.<br/>Style? Every problem imaginable can be found: non-simultaneous present-participle constructions, chopped-up, stilted yet mundane dialog, adverbs galore. It reads quickly, but I suspect this is mainly because you end up skipping a lot so your mind doesn't shut down. All of the above recommends a zero-star rating which, hopefully, Amazon.com will consider after this experience.<br/>So, is there something going for "The Da Vinci Code"? Why is it selling so well? Aside from the fact that many best-sellers are manufactured by marketing devices, the most memorable trait of this novel is its pervasive, corrosive attack on the Catholic Church, presented as the ultimate villain, eternal source of slavery, war, ignorance, and everything else bad that's ever happened, and this is probably why so many find it appealing (I find it hard to believe it's because of its elementary plot and shoddy writing). If wallowing in this stuff is what you like, go ahead and read "The Da Vinci Code." It may be boring otherwise, but you'll get your kicks.
 Dan Brown's new offering, The Da Vinci Code, is an intellectually stimulating and pulse-quickening triumph.  The combination of completley unanticipated plot twists, fascinating artistic and historical facts, and the stunning manner in which Mr. Brown interweaves and interprets them is a tour de force.  It is truly a rare offering that is both accessible, educational, and addictive.<br/>As in his past books, Mr. Brown offers multidimensional characters, with a special mention for his complex, not-cookie-cutter female protagonists.  His depth of research into art, science, religion, secret codes, and architecture will make you want to have your web browser nearby.  As he carries you deeper into an area where art and religion mix with Church philosophy, the Knights Templar, and centuries-old conspiracies, Mr. Brown manages to explain clearly complex histories while racing you onward.  While you will not want to stop reading this book (for ANY reasons, like eating or sleeping), every now and then you may wish to pause to let your mind catch up with your racing heart.<br/>This is a book that should appeal to anyone looking for a rare item: a thrilling page-turner that is both accessible to anyone but that does not insult anyone's intelligence.  It will pump you full of adrenaline and knowledge.  The Da Vinci Code will be the book that everyone is talking about for great reasons.
 i might be 12 but this book had me in awe. the fact that Dan Brown could come up with such a plot baffles me. The aspect of Mary Magdalene and the Priory of Sion gives the book unexpected twists of excitement. Read this book and i gaurentee you love it.
 Very simply, the author starts with a false premise and continues to prove that false premise, with flawed reasoning. In physics or math we would call this a mathematical construct...like building a house with the first brick placed squarely in mid-air! The book is historically innaccurate, theologically innaccurate and inductively and deductively incorrect.  Entertainment only for those susceptible to pap or who choose not to do their homework on the historical facts.
 I must admit I enjoyed reading the book, one of those guilty pleasures.  Sure it is mostly nonsense, a dumbed down version of Foucault's Pendulum by Umberto Eco, but it makes for a nice beach read.  Why it has become such is runaway bestseller is a mystery.  Perhaps a clue can be found in some lost Da Vinci masterpiece.
 As some people have already pointed out, this book may look like a disguised research work rather than a novel. However, it is not a perfect research either, because certain details, though presented as facts, are fiction. Some of these details are not very relevant (e.g. the number of glass panes in the Louvre pyramid, fake security cameras, etc.) and the book would probably be better off without them. I would give it 5 stars for the plot, but if anyone ever thinks to make a movie based on it, there's plenty of work to polish the layout.
 A "cut and paste" replay of the author's "Angels and Demons". Badly written, not a trace of humour, stuffed with boring non-information. I stopped reading when I reached 2/3 of the book. What is the sense of this all? I have still no idea.<br/>People who dare to compare this inane scribbling with e.g. Umberto Eco's work should be flogged on the spot.<br/>Incomprehensible that these nonsense should be on top of  bestseller lists, which proves the craziness of the booksellers world.
 It's still an edge of the seat novel.  That's why you buy a mystery like this.  The interesting thing is that everyone wants to talk about whether it is or isn't Mary Magdalene in the Last Supper, but they don't want to talk about the Catholic Church burning over 5 million women at the stake over 3 centuries during the Inquisition.  And why does the person in a picture controversy drag the book down to a single star?  What a bunch of idiots.
 Good plot. Easy, interesting read. However, keep in mind, that the "facts" presented here about Jesus are not new nor have they ever been proven. But that's the great thing about conspiracy theories isn't it? The lack of real evidence is only more proof of a cover-up!
 ...was disappointed at the ending.  I know the book has had a lot of negative reviews, from angry "Art Historians". However, wheter it was or wasn't accurate to their artistic liking, I must give credit to Mr. Brown for his fantastic imagination and the journey he took us on. As for the Opus Dei, they do exist.
 Best book written (that I have read). Makes me want to see the movie and hope that a sequel comes out either on book or movie. Long book and took forever to read it, couldn't put it down. The dialogue makes you like it, and some of the descriptions. I think they could have easiled shortened the book but it is after all a very long story. The characters, are unexplainably awesome. They change so much (mature) and is a must read novel.
 Dan Brown is a good writer. At least, good enough to keep me amused. That is all I care about. I wish I could find more stories like this.
 I actually had to force myself to slog through this book.  The writing style is similar to "The Bridges of Madison County" - a flowery style filled with gratuitous adjectives and ridiculously over-stated descriptions.  The plot was alternately absurd and boring.  I read this book based on all of the hype and I really expected something interesting.  Except for a few brief moments, I found this book to be very easy to put down.  The entire experience was an insult to my brain cells.
 Great read.
 The title of my review says it all.  But for those of you out there who think Dan Brown has uncovered the truth about Christian origins--and there seem to be an astounding number of otherwise sensible, intelligent people who think he's done just that--I'll explain myself.<br/>It's not that he doesn't have every right to construct a thriller based on perhaps the most egregiously bogus material ever assembled; one just doesn't expect the author (and his fawning followers) to act as if it's plausible and use it as a stick to beat up on an institution as venerable as the Catholic Church.  Really, his book is in a category with Erich von Daniken and the people who think the Holocaust never occurred. But hey, these are the days of "advocacy scholarship" a la James Carroll, Garry Wills, Elaine Pagels, John Boswell, John Dominic Crossan, and their ilk.  These are also the days, apparently, of open season on the Catholic Church.<br/>Which is not to say that, despite its absurd premise so ardently put forward, the book is without merit; hence the additional star.  One must admit that Dan Brown can tell a story; that he writes engaging characters; that his pacing is deft; that his story arc and architecture rock.  Now, if only he could be won over to the side of the angels, but, alas, I fear that is not to be: There's simply too much of the chest-thumping alienated Catholic about his work for that to happen.<br/>So, if you must read this nonsense, read it with eyes open, preferably alongside of N. T. Wright's The New Teatament and the People of God, Jesus and the Victory of God, and The Resurrection of the Son of God.
 I am only 13 and over the Christmas holiday I read this amazing book as did my mother and uncle and I think that we all agreed that this book is one that we will never forget! This is honestly the best book I have ever read (and I read alot!)I recommend this to you greatly!<br/>An Amazing book!
 This is an entertaining tale, but to call it a historical novel is an egregious misnomer.  His representation of historical "facts" pertaining to the Knights Templar and the allusions to the Rosecrucians are inaccurate at best, and irresponsible in any event.  Cutting to the chase, everything else not withstanding, even if Jesus and Mary Magdalene had married and produced a "royal bloodlike," the Passion, Crucifixion, and Resurrection still stand on their own right.  In other words, "What difference does could of this make in relation to one's faith and one's perception of Christianity?"  The only difference is much padding to Mr. Brown's bank account.  Greed, irresponsibility, and poor research in the guise of "Controversial Best Seller."
 This has been on the top seller's list for a while, everyone is talking about it, and I don't understand what the big fuss is.<br/>I don't really see where the controversy comes in because people with at least some education or who do even the littlest amount of research (google, anyone?) will easily pick up on how genuinely ridiculous some of Dan Brown's "facts" are and understand that it is a work of fiction. But, I don't care about the factual validity to it because it *is* a fiction book. It looks to me that because he isn't the best writer, Dan Brown had to take (very) generous license to make everything to fall into place.<br/>What I care about is that it isn't even incredibly entertaining. It has an extremely formulaic approach and is filled with little "puzzles" to solve throughout. Maybe it's just me, but I grew bored with puzzle-solving before I even hit high school, which worked out well because these puzzles seemed to be at junior high level in difficulty.<br/>His main character, Robert Langdon, has more knowledge of what is going on than the reader, which always feels like a cop-out on the author's part. If an author won't reveal to the reader what the character already knows, it's usually due to an attempt to keep the reader turning the page to find out the tidbits that are kept secret since the story won't retain their attention; this does work, but it never makes a good book.<br/>Dan Brown seems to excel in this technique and I must admit that I found his writing so mediocre that if it wasn't for my irrational desire to figure out certain plot points that Robert already knew and wouldn't tell us, then I would have stopped reading. A good book should be able to reveal everything to the reader that the main character knows and still keep the reader hooked, because otherwise, why bother telling Robert's story if the author's not even going to tell it?<br/>Also, I hate chapters that end with "dun, dun, dun!" so you have to start the next chapter to see if the person really loses his or her head or if the hero really caught the bad guy only halfway through the book. Yet again, another writing stunt I thought I had left behind when I stopped reading Nancy Drew.<br/>I did like the historical sites sprinkled throughout, from museums to cathedrals to chapels; it was fascinating to learn about some places I've never heard of. Again, he took great license with the historical facts, but at least, because of my curiosity, it led me to do research on the locations and find out some interesting facts about medieval landmarks.<br/>The only reason I can figure that such a poorly written book is doing so well is because of all the publicity generated over the "controversy." The reason I picked up this book is because I bought into the "everyone is doing it, so it must be good" mentality. My recommendation? Don't bother.
 I enjoyed the book immensely.  Just a comment on the review from "A reader from Evergreen, CO, United States": Please look carefully at Leonardo's painting of The Last Supper.  To the left of Mary Magdalene/John we see Saint Peter with a furious visage and a KNIFE (!) in his right hand.  His left hand is making a gesture of "I'll slice his/her throat!" across the throat of that figure of Mary/John.  It's there to see -- Leonardo painted it that way.  There is more to that painting than meets the eye -- and Dan Brown's book wrote it that way --saying the equivalent of "There's more in heaven and earth than in your history . . ."
 This book is not only a well written fiction; it is also an inspiring work that made me want to deepen my knowledge of art history and maybe even travel. The illustrations are a great addition to this edition.
 Fantastic fiction, mixed with a perfect amount of historical facts that are unknown to most. Mystery, suspense and ... art history. Ya gotta love it. Highly recommended.
 A truly entertaining book. I don't understand what all the controversy was about though. The book is fiction and it treats itself as such. A quick read that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
 This is a drawn out, poorly written piece of fiction portraying a plethora of pagan opinions as historical fact.  It's every<br/>"Woman's Book Club" dream as the plot lures them in with references to the "Sacred Feminine".  Written for a mass-market audience, it attempts to discredit not only the Catholic Church, but all Christians, and even Jews and Buddhists.  It mocks the very idea of "Faith" in anything, besides the ridiculous notion of a "Sacred Feminine."  The author's interpretations of da Vinci's art are distorted and far-reaching as well.  Unfortunately, lay readers presumably cannot detect the misinformation and trust in Brown's pagan-inspired "history lesson."  He even tries to persuade his readers that the Satanic Pentagram is a beautiful misunderstood symbol of femininity that should be respected.<br/>Please spare yourself from this blasphemous piece of trash.  For, even if you are not offended by the notion that Christianity was simply a political trick of Constantine, the writing itself is didactic and boring.  Sadly, the book has remained a number one bestseller for months because Brown takes the reader down interesting intellectual paths (on which I assume the average reader has never ventured). This instantly excites the ignorant and unsuspecting reader lacking the educational background to see through his faulty logic.  So, while any person endowed with a shred of intelligence should not be spiritually affected by this book, at worst, its 449 pages will amount to a colossal waste of time.
 if you arent a closed minded christain, and there are so many out there.......than give this book a try. its a great suspense/mystery novel. I usually read dean Koontz novels, but this one pulled me in right away. give it a try.
 This book has the setting of a murder mystery that provides much intrigue.  It truly is a real page-turner with many riddles and puzzles to solve along the way of an exiting adventure in a quest for the so-called Holy Grail.  The book opens with the murder of renowned art curator Jacques Sauniere who also happens to be the Grand Master of the Prior of Sion.  The murder is orchestrated by the head of the Catholic organization Opus Dei and is carried out by an Albino (reminds me of the movie Foul Play) named Silas.  There is also a mysterious teacher behind these murders and part of the suspense and intrigue is trying to figure out who he is.  The story focuses in on the main characters Robert Landon, who is a Harvard professor who is an expert in the study of symbols and Sophie Neveu who is an expert in cryptology.  Langdon is right away a murder suspect and they are thrust in a search for the holy grail by the murder victims ingenious clues that he has left them during the 20 minutes he was bleeding to death after getting shot.<br/><br/>The book is more than an interesting murder mystery.  The author Dan Brown has an agenda to teach his readers about ancient paganism and the divine feminine and to expose the so-called lie of Christianity.  Brown does this by having Langdon explain it all to Sophie, while on the run, and all the way through the book the meaning of the Holy Grail and why he thinks Christianity is a fraud.  His attack is mainly geared toward attacking the Catholic Church, but in doing so he has attacked the Christian Church as a whole and so I am going to address the reasons that his assessment of reality is severely flawed and why this attack on Christianity is weak on historical as well as theological grounds.<br/><br/>Brown's obvious agenda is to promote the fact that Jesus was not divine and that he was married to Mary Magdalene and that he got her pregnant with a baby named Sarah.  The contention is that this bloodline is the Holy Grail and that these children still continue today.  The quest of the Holy Grail is to also be able to bow to the bones of the divine feminine, the bones of Mary Magdalene.  My question is how is this, if the Church made up the fact that Jesus was divine, then how does Mary Magdalene become divine just because she got pregnant with a mere mortals baby?  How is she the divine feminine?  He would have been better off arguing for Jesus' divinity, which he claims the church made up, and had her get pregnant with a divine child.  So you are left with a big so what?  She could not have logically been divine either, so why dig around for her dead bones to begin with.  This just makes no sense.<br/><br/>Second, Brown puts into the mouth of his characters the idea that the Gnostic gospels (which are not really good news at all) are superior to Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.  He calls the Gnostic compilations the "unaltered gospels" and says that they are of an earlier tradition than the four.  The reason the four gospels Matthew, Mark, Luke and John are accepted into the canon and the others are not is because they are the only four written in the first century.  All of the others are written over 150 years after the time of Jesus.  How does this make the Gnostic gospels more reliable?  The Gnostic gospels do have some material about Mary Magdalene in them, but mainly bring the message that bodiness is evil, because it is part of the created order, which also is evil.  The quest in life then is for the spirit to escape the prison of the body and be free from the elements of this world.  The New Testament message is that the created order has fallen, but the good news is that it is being redeemed by the new creation of Jesus and his resurrection from the dead.<br/><br/>Third, Brown has some obvious historical errors in his claims.  Several times he links the Dead Sea Scrolls with having a message that disproves the claims of Jesus.  He also says that the Dead Sea Scrolls were discovered in the 1950's.  The facts are that most if not all of the Dead Sea Scroll were written in before the time of Jesus and in fact do not say one word or one thing about him.  Also, they were discovered in 1947.  If Brown cannot even get this simple fact right, then why should we trust him on his other historical details.<br/><br/>Forth, Brown makes the claim that "all faith is based on fallacy."  Really?  Let us look at the historical evidence a little closer by focusing on the bodily resurrection of Jesus from the dead.  First, all four of the gospels tell us that women went to the tomb first and found it empty.  Now why would someone in that time, that was inventing a tale like this, put women at the tomb first, when women were not considered to be reliable as historical witnesses?  The only reason for putting women there first would be that it really happened this way.  Second, there is the evidence of the empty tomb.  Third, Jesus appeared unto his disciples in bodily form and had them touch him.  Now, if this happened and there was not an empty tomb then you could say that the disciples had simply gone mad when they are telling this tale, because the contemporaries of the day could have went to the tomb and say, "You fools he is right here and still dead!"  If the tomb would have just been empty and no appearances then who knows what happened, maybe the body was stolen?  The forth factor is major and that is that the disciples (whom Brown wants to claim made up the tail) died for what their message.  If they were making it up then somebody would have confessed the whole thing about the plot to deceive everyone by making up the story that Jesus had risen from the grave, but instead they were stoned, beaten and martyred, because they were saying that God raised Jesus from the dead and has made him Lord of all.  Why would they do such a thing unless they believed the story was true?<br/><br/>Fifth, another historical error by Brown is that he stated the vote at the Council of Nicea was close regarding the divinity of Jesus.  It is not that Jesus needs votes to be divine, but just for the record there were only 2 votes against and over 323 votes in favor of the divinity.  It is amazing what some folks call close.<br/><br/>Brown has an axe to grind against the Catholic Church.  What is difficult to fathom is how that he thinks that they have left out the divine feminine.  I am not a Catholic and one reason that I am not is because they come close to thinking that Mary the mother of Jesus was divine.  This is not the place to debate that issue, but in defense of the Catholic Church, they do have at least a near divine feminine.  For those who are going to say "It is just a novel, give him a break."  Let me just say, you are naive if you really cannot tell that this book is a promotion of paganism at the attempted expense of historical Christianity.  On the back cover, in the top left hand corner is the word that describes Brown's reworking of the historical facts about Christianity and that word is "FICTION."<br/><br/>Questions or comments contact me at darrengjohnson38@yahoo.com
 This novel is one of the best thrilling story I've ever read.<br/><br/>Regarding its credibility, I cannot judge. The only thing I can say it was amazing novel, and I really recommend it.
 Once I started reading...I honestly couldn't put this book down. Dan Brown has done an incredible job researching even the smallest of details for his story. If you like a great story mixed with incredible facts, you will love this book.
 Excellent!  Well done. I must be last one to read it, though 😊. Looking forward to more adventures with Robert Langdon.
 I enjoy all of this writer's books.  His characters are always characters the reader can connect with and his plots always deliver!
 I couldn't put the book down -- I really enjoyed it.  A very entertaining and educational book.  Helps to have traveled to the same places.
 I really did think this was a great book. I know that there are many skeptics and critics nitpicking at all of the factual innacuracies, but it IS fiction. Regardless of how "correct" it is, the Da Vinci Code is a wonderful thriller for all occasions.
 A secret brotherhood, ancient history and art, a harvard professor of iconography called in to assist in a murder investigation, a beautiful &amp; intelligent woman who is related to the murder victim helps him, a race against time to find clues to avoid something hugely disasterous, etc... this might all sound familiar if you have already read Brown's ANGELS &amp; DEMONS! He has used the same formula and simply substituted different details - too bad...it could have been so much better! It is shallow enough to make a great movie though as long as they cast French actors and not American pretending to be French...
 The reputation of this novel to steal your attention is well deserved. What a thriller although it may well upset some who believe it to be blasphemous.
 definatley something worth reading. i enjoyed it very much!!
 What do authors do? They come up with an idea, then they have to build a,,,book,,, around that idea. This idea starts off quite well really. I will summarize my review before I finish, "This is a successful attempt to reach the mass market novel readers based on a single exploited Sacrament that had to be glued together with hundreds of pages filled with random ideas from many sources." One of those sources was definitely Holy Blood Holy Grail. Whether you like this book or not will depend on your taste and level of tolerence. For me the meat of the book is less than I would expect, the premise is fine, however the one great and not so obvious item to so many,,, is very disappointing to me,,,The meaning of the Holy Grail is lost in this and many other books and movies similar. When Christ spoke," He who drinks of this,,,cup". I am neither Christain or atheist, but I at least understand that he meant the Holy Grail was and is within you when you accept Christ. The entire scope of these books knowingly flaunts at the height of disrespect for the intended meaning of the Holy Grail. How do millions fall for basic fluantful entertainment out of something meant so sacramental? Nothing is sacred when it can be eploited for gain. Read SB 1 or God by Maddox, the Grail is inside, and obviously hidden.
 This is the kind of book you can never put down. It has suspense all the way. It will make you turn to the next page without stopping.<br/>It also teach you many things you never imagine off.
 Duplicate item........Dan Brown has really proven to me how wonderful a writer he is.  All his books have kept me wanting more.  Would recommend to anyone.
 Loaded with historical information that appealed to me.  Fast paced, couldn't wait to get home from work to read it.  Best I've read in a long, long time!
 The people who hate the movie "The Passion of Christ" will love this book. And they are the ones who will not go see the movie. Their hatred of Christ keeps them from being honest in their reviews.<br/>  This book does act as a fair story. Obviously, it must to become one of the best all-time fiction books in the world. Yet, it is so simplistic and, worse, so blatently anti-Christian in its views. It doesn't just want to mock the roman Catholics, it also wants to mock the Protestants and it does so "under the radar" so that many readers won't see what is being done along the way of taking them from point A to point B.
 O, Draconian Devil, why on earth did I read this book? I am not a cryptographer or world-famous symbologist, but I figured out the story's infantile puzzles long before the so-called experts. I also figured out why it's a page turner--you can't wait to turn the page to see whether the writing will improve. Really, the whole thing sounds like the Hardy Boys and the Keystone Copts, or Abbott and Costello Meet a Big Dumb Albino.<br/>As for the historical accuracy, who cares? The book is achingly dull and predictable. Try Eco or Perez-Reverte if you want to experience a more literary thrill ride. Take Dorothy Parker's sentiments to heart: "This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force."
 What a dissapointment. The topic is well researched but the prose is very poorly written. He actually uses the simile "the ambulance sirens cut through the night like a knife." I think I wrote that in a seventh grade paper. The religious history is interesting for those not well versed in Christian lore but is the author writing down to a median intelligence level? Not that I think all writing should make a contribution to the "canon" but jeez - do bestsellers have to be so cliche???
 A well researched book by one of the most exciting authors of this time period. A book of fiction with a lot of true historical data.
 BUY IT! I couldn't put it down...It will make you question whatever Christian beliefs you have...Absolutely the best thing I've read in years...Boot up the 'puter because you'll be searching for so much stuff you're head will spin.
 Epic. Nuff said!
 This book is a page turner. But:<br/><br/>As you read this nonsense, you'll feel more and more like an idiot. At cost to your self-image, you'll go on because Brown has the tricks: like cliff-hangers at every chapter close, and intertwining story lines at key moments.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, many (maybe most) of his "facts" and "history" are either inventions or half-truths. So there is absolutely zero learned from this read. In fact, there's less than zero, because you'll walk off with wrong ideas. Brown needn't parade fiction as fact. That's a disservice to the reader and also to Brown's profession, which should not add to the world's misconceptions, even where the main goal is entertainment.
 How many times is this tiresome tale going to be told? The Jesus and Mary Magdalene story has been fiction fodder since Holy Grail Holy Blood back in the 80s back then it was hot stuff and considered controversial today the whole idea just rates a roll of the eyes.<br/>Now, to the main point. Is the book good? Yeah, Dan Brown is a pretty good writer but the story--the only reason a fiction book exists, right?---is so lame that I couldn't enjoy it. The three stars is simply due to Brown's talent.
 Good book
 For a while I resisted reading this book, thinking that it could not possibly be as good as its hype. Well, I was wrong. This is simply one terrific book that will keep the reader riveted to its pages until the very last one is turned. It is a very well-written, intricately plotted thriller in which a great number of esoteric historical facts and interesting theories of a religious nature are woven. Those who read it should, first and foremost, keep in mind that this book is simply a work of fiction.<br/><br/>All hell breaks loose when Jacques Sauniere, the  elderly and revered curator of the Louvre, is murdered inside the museum. The crime scene and the body itself are laden with symbols and cryptic messages pointing to renowned Harvard symbologist, Robert Langdon. He is invited to the crime scene by the wily Captain Bezu Fache, of the Central Directorate Judicial Police, the French equivalent of our Federal Bureau of Investigation, ostensibly to assist the police. Little does Langdon know that he is, in fact,  the prime suspect.<br/><br/>When he meets police cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, they join forces. They are then led on a merry chase by a series of riddles and ciphers that are ground in a historical context. They are always just one step of the French police, who seem determined to charge Langdon with the murder of Jacques Sauniere.  During their voyage of discovery, Langdon and Sophie come across a secret society, the Priory of Sion, that has  a startling list of former members, which list includes Leonardo Da Vinci, as well as the late Jacques Sauniere. There is also  some interesting historical detail about the ancient Knights Templar, as well as Opus Dei, a conservative religious organization currently in existence.<br/><br/>Langdon and Sophie peel back layers of historical clues that point to a secret of such magnitude that some would kill for it.  As Langdon and Sophie surreptitiously travel from France to England and seem to be headed closer to the heart of the mystery that  they are trying to unravel, an  unknown nemesis is closer to them than they would dare imagine. This unknown adversary is marshaling resources in order to obtain  the long hidden secret that Langdon and Sophie appear to be on the brink of discovering. It is one that has the potential to have earth shattering implications.<br/><br/>This is a fast-paced, plot driven, rather than character driven, thriller. It hurls itself into the reader's consciousness at break-neck speed, and before the reader realizes it, the book holds the reader in its thrall: hook, line, and sinker. For those readers who love historical detail and unusual facts and coincidences, this is definitely a fascinating book that will hold their interest. It is a page-turning thriller in which nearly every chapter leaves the reader on the brink of a precipice. The book is written in clear, effortless prose, which makes the most esoteric historical details surprisingly easy to understand. Simple in its presentation but intricate in its plotting, it is no surprise that this book has become a runaway, international bestseller. Bravo!
 Too fantasy to be enjoyable
 Breathtaking, thrilling, brilliant, original and thought provoking.  Mr. Brown's entire premise is interwoven with such precision and authenticity that when you turn the final page, whatever you thought you knew about Christ, the Bible, religion and history will be irrevocably changed for the good.<br/>Olive Gallagher<br/>Author of "A Simple Path to The Good Life"
 I learned more about history (both political and religous) in the Da Vinci Code than I did in high school.<br/>The book is a page turner, from the first word on the first page to the last word on the last page.  Brown keeps the chapters short and intriguing, making this an easy read, even for those who do not read regularly.<br/>Highly recommended.
 Like Angels &amp; Demons, I enjoyed this book for a good tale.  There is, however, much to be wary of in the so-called "facts" presented here.  Some of it is harmless fictionalization, some of it is dangerous and misleading non-truths about the Priory of Sion, the Catholic Church, and history.<br/>Perhaps the most disturbing elements to me are the portrayal of the Catholic Church as out to completely masculinize God and deny the sacred feminine.  This is especially incredulous to me since the Catholic Church takes an incredible amount of heat for it's 2,000 year history of "worship" of the Virgin Mary.  Throughout its history the Church has paid reverence to true sacred femininity. (btw, it's reverence for Mary as the chosen of the Father, spouse of the Holy Spirit, and mother of the human incarnation of God, not worship of Mary).  Mary Magdalene was indeed a beloved follower of Jesus, but she was not his bride.  She is remarkable in that she is one of the first people recorded in the Bible whom Jesus exorcised of pagan demons, after which she was one of several women who travelled with him and his disciples.<br/>I was also offended by the treatment of Opus Dei and the numerous times that it was stated that Church needs to "modernize" and become relevant to modern conditions.  Far from wanting that, solid Catholics want the Church to hold out against the modern world and assert itself as a pillar of objective truth.<br/>So enjoy this book, but just remember --- it's just fiction folks!
 When I read the Code when it first came out, I was hoping for great illustrations to accompany the text. I was THRILLED when this came out... i loved turning the pages and seeing the almost-textbook-like tour through the thriller. I'm looking forward to the movie, but to be honest, not as much as I was excited to get this version.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for the fan.
 This book is a must read for any history or art lover. I absolutely couldn't put it down. The author's creativity was brilliant. I was constantly on the edge of my seat wondering what would happen next. It also has many great twists throughout the book.
 I read this book recently and could hardly put it down. The auther led me on a thrilling chase through several european countries and also through history. This book is great fun to read.<br/><br/>I've noticed that there seems to be a lot of confusion among the readership over the historicity of key aspects of the book. Just keep in mind that this is a work of FICTION. No reputable biblical scholar believes that Jesus and Mary Magdalene were married; or that the Holy Grail refers to Mary. This is pure imagination on the part of the author.<br/><br/>Another reviewer on this site pointed out how Mr. Brown changed the floor plan of the Louvre to make the story better. The historicity of the book has similarly departed from the best scholarship.<br/><br/>So--enjoy!  Just don't confuse fantasy with reality.<br/><br/>LRK
 The book opens your mind to the birth of myths and superstitions and the evolutionary power of the church. Amazing!!
 I personally liked the book.  I will definitely read it again.  The book grabs you from the beginning and won't let you go until you finish.  The characters are well written and the storyline is fast and interesting.  His historical data and location descriptions will make you want to go and visit the sites yourself.  If I can, I would have given this book 4.5 stars.  5 Star is reserved for his other book "Angels &amp; Demons".  I liked that book better than this one.  Hope this Helped!!!
 I loved this audiobook and I would highly recommend that anyone thinking of reading the book listen to the audiobook instead.  Paul Michael is such a great narrator - he has this amazing ability to do all sorts of accents.  He definitely brings the listener into the story in a way that reading it yourself couldn't do.<br/><br/>The story itself is also excellent.  I'm not generally a mystery/suspense fan but with all the buzz about this book I had to find out for myself and I was hooked from the beginning.  It's a bit long for an audiobook but it's worth it.  Just make sure you get the unabridged version so you don't miss out on anything!  However, take note that once you start listening you won't be able to stop!
 If you find Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code enthralling, challenging, thrilling, and well written, I have bad news for you: You are stupid. I do not mean this as a mere derogatory epithet, but rather as an ostensible conclusion based on a very telling litmus test; the book itself. First, I must break the news to you that, for anyone with a modicum of education or intelligence, all of the puzzles in this novel are completely obvious. If, however, you don't know enough about math to have been exposed to the Fibonacci series, have never exercised your perceptions by regular reading of mirror writing, and don't even know enough about the history of science to instantly interpret "Newton's Orb" as a common apple, then you probably think that Robert Langdon is a mental giant and a formidable expert in "Symbology" which is a non-existent discipline and a non-word to boot. The actual discipline is called semiotics and real semioticians would laugh derisively at any and all of Dr. Langdon's analyses of art or history. The only place the word "Symbology" is used beyond the confines of Dan Brown's hack fiction is in the movie "The Boondock Saints," where FBI SA Smecker derides one of his Boston PD understudies for using the non-word when he really meant to say "symbolism." Secondly, the plot is insultingly predictable. There are no surprises, unless you are terribly dull. The whole novel is just a prolonged soapbox for silly, hair-brained reinterpretations of history and mentally challenged versions of philosophy. The interaction between Langdon and his female companion, while purporting to exhibit pro-goddess feminism, is really a condescendingly sexist parody. The female character is continually in awestruck submission to the pompous lecturing of her dominant male counterpart, and also exhibits the type of helpless, frail stereotype one would normally find in other pulpy fiction of low degree. Third, the whole basis for the novel's point is just bad, bad, bad history. Only the most gullible and ill-informed person would take any of the historical assertions in this novel as being anywhere close to correct. There never was any big templar secret or conspiracy, just a lot of trumped up recriminations against them because they held all the big notes on the debts for all the political powers across Europe at one time, since they were the original money lenders in European history, beginning with the crusades. Fourthly, and most ludicrously, the whole point of the novel would be completely irrelevant, even if it were true, which it is not. Who cares about the rightful heir of the French throne? France has been a republic for more than 200 years! The best minds of humanity would be hard pressed to come up with a more trivial issue than the succession of the French monarchy! From a religious perspective, if Jesus was merely human and not the divine Messiah who died to save us from our sins, and who rose from the dead to confirm this truth, it becomes likewise extremely trivial as to whether he got married and had an heir or a line of succession down to the present day. Heir to what? Who would care? If he was not who he claimed to be in the Gospels, who cares who he was besides perhaps silly people who avidly read the National Enquirer and the Star (etc.)?<br/><br/>So if you thought this book was a really good mystery/thriller fiction, the sad fact is that this merely proves that you are at the very shallowest end of the gene pool.<br/><br/>But if that's so, then you probably are too dull to either figure it out, or to be bothered by it anyway.<br/><br/>So congratulations on enjoying your own stupidity.
 A great who done it, on the surface! Following Da Vinci as a person, his interest of history and spirituality was intense! All the clues are there. His belief system shines through. The book was well written. Can not put it down once you start. I will read it again and again. Recommend to all.
 This book is a literary masterpiece. I enjoyed the way so many historical facts were woven in so smoothly throughout this mystery novel. This book is worth the time and money. It is truly a work of art itself and deserves to bear the name of the great Da Vinci. This book is hard to put down, so clear your weekend schedule!
 A great fast paced read.
 This book was a great read!<br/><br/>It is fast paced, and full of action and intrigue.<br/><br/>This book gets you thinking and the thinking continues past the ending!
 I feel violated having read the Da Vinci Code.<br/>It was not well written, had glaring historical inaccuracies, and predictable plot twists.<br/>The biggest question I have is why did an author attempting to bring attention to the goddess cult make the only female character incredibly stupid?  She is blindly influenced by the male characters in an extremely pathetic manner.
 Excellent narrative but weak ending. RDF
 Well paced with adventure &amp; plot; a fun read!
 I borrowed this book from a friend and was quite happy to do so.  I love to ready about conspiracies and alternate views.  I have no concerns about the author's research.  Truthfully, I don't care.  It's fiction, people.  The author claims that some things are factual.  Ok, I understand that.  The rest is fiction.<br/>I think the book offers a lot of food for thought.  That's how I consider what's a good read.  If it makes me think and ask questions, I think the author did a good job.  I don't consider this book to bash anyone's religion.  However, that won't stop those overly sensitive zealots out there from shrieking in offense.  Do I believe everything the authors states and theorizes?  No, because I understand that it's fiction.
 I would tell you all about it, but every part has its own seperate energy! I'll just say get the book, especially if you want an in-depth understanding of many conspiracies that surround one of the biggest organizations the world has ever known. The pictures are great too!
 I bought the audio version of the book because it's 18 hours long and I had an 18 hour car trip to make.  It definitely passed the time and was worth every penny, but I have to give it only 4 stars because of some picky things with the reader...<br/><br/>He does a good job doing female voices and his narration is pretty good (except when he gets confused and does an accent during the narration parts) but his "evil French guy" accents (there are at least 3) sound EXACTLY like Strongbad.  If you don't know who Strongbad is, then this won't bother you a bit.  Also I can't decide if the albino monk comes off as a total idiot because of the reader or the writing.  But I wanted to fast forward through his parts (except, heck, I had 18 hours to kill).
 Fun reading, addictive fiction (though the prose and style leave much to be desired), if it were not for Brown's claim that all facts, rituals, etc are "accurate". Oh my! Umberto Eco has done way better in entertaining the reader while being historically accurate at the same time. Brown smuggles crackpot history for facts, along the worse Hollywood style. So be it... I do not recommed this book to anyone interested in learning rather than being entertained.
 Brilliant! A Priceless piece of art.<br/>Restoring the much needed feminine balance in our world today would heal this planet. This book will creates waves of changing people's outlook and thought patterns...it will touch many.
 The first 300 pages of this novel were exciting and as suspenseful as FOCAULT'S PENDULUM. At a critical juncture the story fell apart. I am very disappointed!
 This book was extraordinary. There. All my thoughts in four words. I rate it along with "West Point:...Thomas Jefferson" by Norman Thomas Remick as one of the two most extraordinary books on the market. But don't just believe me. See for yourself.
 Dan Browns research is false. He has no direct evidence but just speculations. Hopefully no one will mistake this with solid historical fact. Such as Davinci did not give the painting of Mona Lisa her name. Rather a biographer of Davinci named her.
 Two stars for telling me some stuff I didn't know. 0 stars for talent or style. I didn't know people wrote like this any more, nor did I know anyone wanted to.<br/>Paul Nassau
 Not sure what one sees in the book.  It is a bad piece of fiction.  I don't understand how the author lives with himself.  I suppose this was his way to make his fortune... at the expense of Christ, not only getting Da Vinci's life wrong as well.  And this was intentional.<br/><br/>Toilet paper would be cheaper.<br/><br/>May I suggest that it would be best to spend your money on something real, even a REAL piece of good fiction.  This was just bad on so many levels.  Blah.<br/><br/>Jeremiah 23:1, Woe to the shepherds who mislead and scatter the flock of my pasture, says the LORD.
 It's a good thriller and good entertainment. You'll enjoy reading it. Anything else might disappoint you. The literature value of it is doubtful (who cares anyway in these type of books). And the "facts" have no evidence supporting them and may not be true but it's just a novel, a good novel.
 This extraordinarily successful book is certainly not all that its surrounding hype makes it out to be. To be honest, the fiction is very decent. If you're looking for religious entertainment, all of the ingredients are there. The only problem is, when one wakes up in the real world, after being entertained in fantasy land, one certainly is not going to be able to take anything read in that land seriously.<br/><br/>Some fiction books are of a nature so that you can read them, be satisfied, and be done with them. This book is of a slightly different nature. If you decide to read this, you will soon find that the author believes himself to be incorporating a substantial amount of "facts" in the fiction that he is writing. This, of course, can lead one to believe that many of the so-called "facts" are true; in the book used as a part of a fictional story. As paranoid as this may sound, this can truly lead the reader to accept the "facts" in the fiction as what the author claims them to be: "facts."<br/><br/>With that said (and please forgive me for including so many quotation marks), I would have probably given this book 4-stars for fiction and entertainment. However, for my loyalty to mystical Christianity, and my respect for the Catholic Church (of which all dignity is stripped in this book, and grossly misrepresented), I must give this a mere one star, and would rate lower if it were possible.<br/><br/>These two books are the main "factional" sources for Dan Brown in The Da Vinci Code: *Holy Blood, Holy Grail by Michael Baigent, Richard Leigh, Henry Lincoln* and *The Templar Revelation: Secret Guardians of the True Identity of Christ by Lynn Picknett, Clive Prince*.<br/><br/>Also, as a complement to The Da Vinci Code, I would respectfully suggest this excellent book written by Catholics: *The Da Vinci Hoax: Exposing the Errors in the Da Vinci Code by Carl E. Olson, Sandra Miesel*.
 The success of this book is evident in all the phony reviews placed here by extremist fundamental christers who probably haven't read the book at all.  I just read an article about extreme fundamentalists being encouraged to leave negative reviews about works thier church leadership deemed worthy of censorship.  They fill their reviews with the same dribble near word for word found in their extremist political spam and radio shows.  For example: "I've never written a negative review on Amazon before, but I felt I had to alert readers to, as it were, "the facts of the case.""  That sounds like a 10 year old faking a letter to Penthouse magazine.  And, "The basis of his claims come from second rate New Agey conspiracy theorists and Crunchy Granola Goddess Worshippers."  Do good readers really speak that way?  Not likely.  I've noticed a great many books on Amazon suffer from these bogus reviews that all seem like they are written by the same person.  Or more likely, written by many people who all listen to the same lemming hour radio show.<br/>It's a good fun read and the research is great.  If only 90% of this is true (proveable) it's a great investment of your time.  Still, reading won't unravel your world or bring the end of life as we know it.  But you might feel a lot more aware of our world and how it got this way.<br/>Good luck!
 If you love conspiracy theories and thrillers then this book is for you.<br/>Personally, I found the book very interesting and provoked a lot of questions. The plot is nothing to write home about, but it has a very nice pace and is suspenseful enough to be a good page turner. I got through this book in just a couple of days and I'm by no means a quick reader.<br/>I think there is too fine a line on the question on what is fact and what is fiction, other then the obviously fictitious plot, but that may be the point. Devote christians may not like the ideas and/or facts presented in this book, but as a catholic myself I found the hidden histories fascinating.<br/>If you want a satisfyingly good book to read, then pick it up or borrow it from a friend. I think a good 80% of the people I know have read it, so it's obviously popular.<br/>Also, I haven't read Angels and Demon, Dan Brown's other book, but this book has interested me so much that I want to read that one too.
 Very interesting story...even if you saw the movie and did'nt read the book, don't let the movie ruin it for you, READ THE BOOK! The movie did not do it justice.<br/>Happy Reading!
 Action sequence in the story already started on the first few pages of the book.  Nothing catches a reader's attention more powerfully than a dead man posed as the Vitruvian Man and the sign of the pentacle at the same time.  And what better place to have committed the crime of murder than the fancy security-armored vastness of the famed Louvre museum.  Add a beautiful French cryptologist to the already charming aura of my favorite symbologist, trying together to solve crimes and riddles while outrunning the French police, and you have the formula for the book that will keep you up late nights turning pages.<br/><br/>I believe the greatest strength of Dan Brown is his power to fuse fact and fiction in a gripping tale of adventure.  He has the very rare talent of sensationalizing what would otherwise bore us from another angle.  Among the topics he deals with in this book are The Da Vinci Code (an elaborate field of research and conceptualizing on its own), the life and works of Leonardo da Vinci, Priory of Sion, Opus Dei, and, among my favorite parts of the adventure, riddles.  Who would believe the dark symbolism in The Last Supper would survive centuries of Vatican power?  Who would believe another Da Vinci art called Madonna of the Rocks carries underneath it a shocking anomaly from centuries past?  Who would have imagined a secret war waged by two opposing religious groups - Opus Dei and Priory of Sion - has been raging since the era of Christ?  Who would have thought Da Vinci lived such eccentric lifestyle?  All of these things, and more, are handcrafted and offered by Brown on a silver platter.<br/><br/>Although the story is rich in action and gripping facts, it's a lullaby of the most boring romantic tale ever.  I had to breeze through pages trying to get past Langdon's and Neveu's little sweet talks because it's a proven fact:  Brown sucks at romantic lines.  You will read Angels &amp; Demons and Deception Point with a similar observation, although this little setback won't necessarily ruin your enjoyment of Dan Brown books.  Romantic or not, he writes well-researched material packed with fast-paced action and amazing trivia that will put you to the edge of your seats.<br/><br/>So, for the most part, the book is "unputdownable".  It's definitely a must-read.
 I am not the one addicted to detective stories, but I really like this book. Actually, I am not an expect at architectures, arts, history and religions, so I don't know which part of the book is the fact and which part is not. But I can say..this book brings me a different kind of view towards Christianity and Catholicism. Also, I can see the author, Dan Brown, has been much efforts on writing this book and done a lot of research.
 What a great book!  After reading this book, I began searching for information re Da Vinci's paintings.  It was shocking to look at the Last Supper &amp; Madonna (original version) now.<br/>Enjoy!
 Smart, exciting, not bogged down in goopy romantic interest though it's there.
 Interesting background viz. the sacred feminine. Horrible mystery writing. Spend your time and money reading Neal Stephenson.
 I totally enjoyed this book. It seemed to grab me right away. I normally take about a week to read a book. With "The DaVinci Code" I couldn't put it down and I finnished it in two days. I will certainly put him on my must read list
 I don't believe in God's Son would sex with woman without marriage!<br/>Especially marriage before sex life was Jewish Law!<br/>Or in the Gospels, there wouldn't ignore about Jesus' marriage!<br/><br/>This book is a interesting fiction!
 Mildly interesting, but believe me, I could put it down, have put it down many times and don't even know if I want to finish it.  I bought it to see what all the fuss is about.  It's fiction with religious overtones.  Big whoop.  Brown isn't even a very good writer.  When I'm done with it, it's going on amazon.com.  Maybe one of the millions of people who love mediocre fiction will buy it.  I'm ashamed to say I was a sucker.
 I read the paperback edition and I want to know if Dan Brown tells more in the illustrated edition before I spend money to buy it.<br/><br/>Dan Brown was very clever in the paperback version to disclose in the end that Sophia Neveu was a direct descendant of Mary Magdalene and Jesus Christ. I think Brown intentionally let the reader ponder upon a hidden clue; Sophia Neveu drank but never urinated to make her half God half human. Robert Langdon, too, he drank but never urinated once in the whole story. He got to be the Worthy to find the Grail.<br/><br/>On page 448, Dan Brown wrote "Then, leaning forward, she kissed him tenderly on the cheek."<br/><br/>And then there's no sex between the two?<br/><br/>I had to go back to 4 pages to understand Dan Brown's hidden clue.<br/><br/>Page 444, he wrote "a full moon was rising above the tree line."<br/><br/>Ah, the connection between full moon and women's menstrual cycle. That was why Sophie kissed but did not make love to Robert.<br/><br/>Anyway, I give 4 stars for 4 pages that I had to flip.
 This book is very exciting and it takes you througha very suspenseful ride! There are soo many exciting plot twists!<br/><br/>Even though the book challenges all of the things that I believe about Jesus, it is still a great read. :-)
 Dan Brown is an excellent writer and this was a best seller. Yet it was just too far fetched for me.
 This book reads like an action movie but without the benefit of any special effects to keep your attention. The concept of the plot is novel but the writing is poor and descriptions are lacking. Be sure to read this as long as you have nothing better to do.
 Great book, great story, great concept. People interested in this book would also love AHAVAH'S DREAM by Eron Manusov! Check it out if you enjoy reading about the divine feminine.
 O.K. people, remember that this is a NOVEL, not a history book. It is nothing more than a conspiracy theory which an uneducated, gullible public will easily swallow as history. Don't be fooled. Other than it's poor attempt at re-writing history, it is not a bad read. It does get a little preachy at times, and the characters are flat and predictable. It is really the conspiracy theory posing as history that carries this book.
 Dan Brown's novel is based in a good thriller which produces a real will in the reader to get fast to the end to know the solution, although many faults at the script like the unnecessary escape from the Louvre are just put there to allow the continuity of the story.<br/><br/>But what really prevent me to score the highest grade is the fallacious historical background.<br/><br/>I don't want to state that a fiction novel must follow strictly the history but this condition has finally to be verified due to the note published by the author at the beginning of the book making claims of historic precision related to documents, architecture and arts presented in the novel. Not even the architecture like the inverted pyramid gives us a correct description.<br/><br/>Its very important that all the readers be aware that Browns' novel is based in the existence of two organizations one of then called, the Prieure de Sion, which is fundamental for the script, is a complete hoax assembled in the late 50s by Pierre Plantard and not originated from the templars in 1099 as Browns wants us to believe.<br/><br/>It is a fact that the Catholic Church has many things to explain since Nicea in 325 BCE but certainly very few related with this book claims.<br/><br/>It is very clear that many of Brown's inspiration are based on real facts occurred during the fraudulent actions done by Plantard on the Prieure de Sion creation from 1956 to 1993, which includes the falsifications of the manuscripts founded by father Bérenger Saunière at Rennes-le-Château. Notice that this is the same name of one of the main characters of the novel, the Louvre curator murdered in the initials pages of the book.<br/><br/>Historical errors are often presented. Two of the more important ones are located on the explanations that the character Leigh Teabing supply at chapter 55 to Sophie Neveu at his studio. On this passage Teabing explain to Sophie that Christ divinity was established at Nicea in 325 at the Council called by Constantine. Nothing more erroneous.<br/>Although the human condition of Christ were discussed at that time the notion of His divinity has initiate since the 4º gospel, John Gospel.  Other mistake are issued when the same character issue a statement that the Dead Sea Scroll make references to Jesus.<br/><br/>Finally for a thriller which intend to show the true facts the end goes to a frustrated solution.
 This book is slander, Calumny and Detraction all rolled up in one. Someone wrote a review saying this book is "only fiction." I want to ask them, If I wrote a fictional novel in which they were portrayed as a notorious bank robber, murderer, and sex offender would they still say "It's only Fiction?"
 Read this book a few years ago.<br/>I generally don't read fiction but got it as a B'day gift.<br/>What a ride! I just couldn't put it down - I read it in one shot, straight for about 30 hours !!<br/>Didn't go to work the next day - LOL - I was tired, sleepy and yet had to finish it.<br/>Its gripping!!<br/>One of the best fiction ( based on some facts ) works in recent years.
 AWESOME BOOK!  Consider yourself warned - once you pick it up you won't put it down! So make sure you have the time to dedicate to reading it or you'll go out of your mind!
 This book combines adventure, mystery and history all in one. I highly suggest it!
 Very engrossing with an unexpected twist at the end. May not be palatable for devout Christians or other believers. I am a Christian and although I did not agree with some of the subject matter I did enjoy the book.
 Brown does here is an opus, it's the kind of life's work that few authors hope to come close to reaching.<br/><br/>In this book  Brown begins with a murder inside the Louvre and then goes from there to spin a tale the likes of which few authors have ever been able to create.
 This is a run of the mill novel mixing old fashioned Catholic bashing and New Age nonsense - it's a wonder so many readers are willing to park their brains to find "meaning" in so lightweight a book.  In 454 pages, this book has 105 "chapters" - even the author can't string enough nonsense together to write anything more than a few paragraphs at a time to make his feminist/religious points.  This "Code" is just not worth deciphering!
 Although this book was very controversial, I went into it reading it with an open mind.  It was interesting, and I think that anyone who took it to be anything more than fiction was stretching things a bit.  The book was just a fun, interesting read.
 Think about this book as a work of fiction.  Great book.  easy read and fast paced.
 Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" has to be that thriller which comes nearest to that ever-receding ideal "perfect". Every dimension,just about every dimension,of this brilliant,fascinating book explores a genial territory of life and takes the reader on a ride through the depths of time into regions which leave an eternal impression of indecision upon him. From the very first page,"The Da Vinci Code" opens a new and enigmatic world of codes,puzzles,murders,murders,deceptions and all issues relating to a perfect thriller and as the book unfolds itself in a highly sensitive mood and rapid pace,the reader finds himself tangled in a mesh of riddles and verse.<br/><br/>The elderly curator of the most mystifying museums in the world,the Louvre in Paris,Jacques Sauniere,has been brutally murdered inside the museum and Harvard University's Religious Symbology professor Robert Langdon,who's coincidentally and crucially in the French capital that night,is summoned by the CDJP---the French equivalent of the FBI---to investigate the case. Langdon's scepticism that night is worn off as he stands face to face with a ghastly scene of a man lying naked spread-eagled,soaked in blood in a circle with a deceptive message by his side. The "reluctant celebrity" Robert Langdon is even more stupified when a gifted and witty French cryptologist Sophie neveu,also the estranged granddaughter of Sauniere,arrives in the nick of time to instruct him to do queer deeds. In trying to warn off the Harvard professor that he's the prime suspect of the murder,Agent Neveu herself falls deep into the pit of danger and drags Langdon with her and both realise that what first appeared as a mysterious and unwholesome murder is just the tip of an iceberg.<br/><br/>Running away from the police in general and Captain Berzu Fache in particular and breaking codes on the way,Sophie Neveu and Robert Langdon are transported back to previous millenia as they discern that they're on a mission to uncover the world's most searched and well-hidden treasure. Typical thriller-like car chases and night-time air adventure are peanuts compared to the plethora of codes stretching from Leonardo da Vinci,pagan worship to renowned works of art,Priory of Sion and the Knights Templars that they've to break in order to recover a stunning historical truth that could all be washed away to oblivion by the swelling waves of time. Langdon and Neveu ask for help in their job to Sir Leigh Teabing,a former Royal British Historian living on the outskirts of Paris and cynical of the French,but the echoes of the past won't die so soon. Their task is made more complicated by a rejuvenated Opus Dei in utter endeavour to uncover the secret first,a fanatical monk a desperate priest and an unknown know-it-all personality.<br/><br/>"The Da Vinci Code" is a great work of literature that interfuses history with art,controversy with conspiracy,obscurity with truth. Indeed it would be a crime to reveal anything more of the thriller in these lines and would take the sting out of a massively well construed plot should it be done so. Dan Brown's novel goes beyond the 600 or so pages and takes us into the realm of history,that tomb of all secrets. The British author's own research and dedicated hard-work finds a just reflection in Robert Langdon's immense knowledge of art and history smeared with a thin film of homour. Langdon is the perfect effigy of coupling knowledge and wisdom and his first impressions and resonating brainwork are genuine complements to Sophie Neveu's sensitive-to-danger mind. Her pragmatism and logic in tense,troublesome situations are apt matches for Langdon's confinement to his own academic wisdom and inability to cope with challenging robust,physical propositions.<br/><br/>The pace of the book is so rapid that te reader quite forgos certain minor flaws in it. But on careful scrutiny,we can't accepy Sophie neveu's naivity---could she be so dumb as not to comprehend the true meaning of "Hieros Gamos" and its sexual rites? Moreover,too many and too frequent references to "the incident" that shocked Sophie ten years ago are really giveaways and blots the suspense to some degree.<br/><br/>But the reader is actually kept too busy to censure Brown for these defects. The author chooses words like pebbles and no term anywhere is out of place. "The Da Vinci Code" invokes personal thoughts,reflections,narration and dialogues and coalesced with them is an ever so slight humour that adds a touch of romanticism to the novel. A crisp language dotted with sharp ironies is the hallmark of any major bestselling thriller but Dan Brown's convincing rhythm of writing is what makes him very special. Time and again,the reader is left bewildered and faintly amused by the allusion of myriad historical facts in "The Da Vinci Code" and is invariably led to accomplish his own research and the locks of history are broken and a whole new world of myticism,"codes within codes" and secrets is unveiled.<br/><br/>virtually every chapter of the book ends on a cliff-hanger. It's perfect and classic example of how a thriller must be written. It keeps the reader thoroughly engaged and educates him too. And of course,it has and will ruffle several feathers. In the book,one can get glimpses of certain facts that seem to be plagiarised from the non-fictive history book "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail" which created a ripple of controversy in the 1980s. It also revolves around the idea that Jesus Christ fathered a child. Dan Brown has made himself a readymade adversary of the Church by portraying it as a cruel administrator.<br/><br/>It seems that dan Brown has a panache for religious issues. He gifted us the old wine of "Illuminati" in a new bottle packed in the cover of "Angels and Demons",where Harvard professor Robert Langdon got his first taste of adventure. In "The Da Vinci Code",the same man goes on to a furthur higher pedestal and with him takes the author to more fame. Perhaps it would be too imaginative to involve Wiliam Shakespeare in this discussion but one simply cannot resit the temptatin. Reading Shakeapeare we're blindly led to perceive aspects in a different angle. After reading Brown,we're straightly hooked to detecting symbolism and hidden allegories all around us. But then that's the hypnotic feature of all masterpieces. Their essence and charm stay with us long after their physical dimensions have been studied. Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" is a fantastic thriller that would make even the most reluctant history reader search the past and search it in a different and much stranger light.
 This book is one of the best novels I've read in recent years.  It's engrossing and highly entertaining.  It's the proverbial page-turner guaranteed to keep you up late at night because you just can't put it down.  The characters are well drawn.  The plot twists come so often and so fast my brain got whiplash reading the book (NO, NOT REALLY!).<br/><br/>I have some issues regarding the controversy surrounding Dan Brown and the book.  It centers around the idea that The Bible, and the Catholic Church, may not have told the whole truth about the relationship between Jesus and Mary Magdalene.  Instead of being a prostitute as many people believe her to be, Mary Magdalene may have been Jesus' wife, an Apostle and may have mothered a child from that union.  While some find this notion downright heretical let me state there is nothing in the Bible saying this did not happen.<br/><br/>People need to understand what a novel is.  A novel is a piece of FICTION.  It isn't real and isn't meant to be real.  It's escapist entertainment, nothing more.<br/><br/>One of the inspirations for The Da Vinci Code is a book called Holy Blood, Holy Grail.  I have seen interviews with the authors of that book and at absolutely no time do they ever claim their findings to be the truth.  All they ever set out to do in their research was to prove if it was POSSIBLE for Jesus to have been married to Mary Magdalene.  Was it possible they could have had a child?  Sure, it's POSSIBLE.  That doesn't mean it actually happened.<br/><br/>While many have criticized Dan Brown for taking liberties with The Bible, and history in general, let me remind people that Christians in the far-right, lunatic fringe, of the Republican Party take plenty of liberties with The Bible themselves.  They will cherry-pick passages of Scripture, twist them to fit whatever situation they're needed for and then quote them out of context.  Unfortunately what they don't realize is The Bible warns against this practice, it's a sin. (And if evangelicals actually read The Bible in full, and in context, they'd realize this.)<br/><br/>Another criticism leveled against Dan Brown and his book is that people may believe it to be true.  The people who are worried about this are the same people who believe the Left Behind series is literal truth.  These are the same people who want all-out war in the Middle East in order to bring about Armageddon and the Second Coming of Jesus.  These people have absolutely no reason to talk about twisting Scripture in order to mislead people.<br/><br/>By all means buy the book and enjoy it.  Keep an open mind but by no means should you ever believe everything you read.
 the most entertaining,educating and exciting book i have ever read. thanks to the book now i know about Opus Dei, secrets of the works of Da Vinci. ohhhh, and the number PHI!<br/>bravo Dan. thanks.
 had given up hope.  thought all mysteries had turned into "cozies".  Great research, good characters and takes more than an hour to read.  Also recommend "Shutter Island".  Two in one week, incredible!!
 This book was a page turner to say the least. Not wanting to put it down and continue on at all hours of the night to see what will happen next was what was occuring wit me.  For people to hate this book, they are just being ignorant.  Yes it is FICTION and has some great thinking parts. Look at the cover in the mirror and see what the writing beholds for YOU! Recommend this to EVERYONE. A must read! Dont miss out!
 All the ideas, theories and opinions written by Dan Brown in "The Davinci Code" (Mary Magdelene, Jesus, Opus Dei, femininity being crushed by the church) are issues i've been hearing about since eighth grade religion and history classes.<br/><br/> I've developed my opinion that even though the church *today* is a perfectly harmless corporation, a few hundred--even just fifty years ago it was a suffocating force preciding over human kind to own guilt and punishment just for being alive, which to me is disgusting. (I won't even go into how the church has treated women)<br/><br/> Its nothing new, yet Dan Brown has managed to put it all into a work of fiction to appeal to the masses. Personally, I agree with all of the theories but thats *not important* when it comes to reviewing this book.<br/><br/> The writing is nothing more than ordinary, and I dare say i'd have appreciated him just jotting all his theories down in document form rather than a hocking work of fiction.<br/><br/> The first chapter was well done but by the middle of the book I was bored, confused and aggrivated by his writing style--'and then, and then he smiled, and then she did this, and then they did that...' and dan Brown's obsession with naming "Harvard" every few pages made my eyes roll back into my head.<br/><br/> Saying that, however, my interest was kept piqued throughout the novel, and I managed to finish it, no more knowledgeable then I was before but definately enlightened. If only Donna Tartt had written this.
 If "Da Vinci Code" sounds interesting to you, you would be far better served by turning to Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum", which at least makes intellectual demands on the reader.  It is indeed depressing when truly trivial books, as this one is, become best sellers.
 Anyone interested in a good book that will keep you reading from cover to cover must buy Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code.  Remember when you were a kid and books had pictures?  With The Da Vinci Code, the pictures are written in text.  Not too much description, but just enough to keep you reading.  Just try and guess the ending!
 I am sorry I could not give this book less than one star. To see what others write about this being a "great book" not only in the literary but also in the historical and religious sense, makes one sad at the realisation that these people have such a poor culture and idea regarding literature, history and religion.<br/>It is also sad to see that whenever someone publishes a book, article, musical album, or anything containing a statement which could be considered racist, anti-semitic, or offensive to women, homosexuals, or any religious or ethnic minorities, the author is disqualified almost immediately and there is great public outrage. However, when someone attacks the Catholic Church and christianity in general, somehow it's OK. How exactly is this fair!? Where is the respect, tolerance, political-correcteness, open-mindedness and all those things which most people and some groups are so zealous to demand but, apparently, unwilling to give others?! As a Catholic, I am taught by my Church not only to respect but, moreover, to LOVE all persons regardless of the sinfulness of their personal actions, which, however, does not at any time mean that I must also condone such deeds.<br/>It is also ridiculous to see phrases such as "exhaustively researched" used to qualify the author's work. An example: the author particularly attacks the Vatican ( ...]) and Opus Dei ( ...] and he claims, among many other outrageously false absurdities, that Opus Dei has "monks" who wear habits. It would have taken him less than five minutes to visit that organization's website to read a brief description of it and see that there are no such things as monks or habits in Opus Dei, which is a lay organization that promotes a lay spirituality. This book is a work of fiction, and promoting it as anything more is dishonest to readers, and disrespectful to the faith of millions of Catholics and other Christians.<br/>His work is based on esoteric and completely unfounded legends regarding Mary Magdalene and Jesus. The author and his readers are apparently more convinced by ficticious and fantasized works about the Holy Grail, the Knights Templar and other such things, than by almost 2,000 years of serious historical and biblical research by respected and qualfied professionals, christian and non-christian, religious and secular, etc. (By the way, --for those interested in these subjects,-- for a professionally researched and objectively presented history of The Knights Templar, I recommend the work of historian Piers Paul Read, "The Templars").<br/>I wish to end with a quote from Thomas Roeser in the 27 September 2003 edition of The Chicago-Sun Times: "The Da Vinci Code is only the latest crude assault, as frightening in its own way as were recent demonstrations by mobs at Catholic cathedrals in New York City and Montreal (no ''hate crime'' sanctions were invoked there). That this erratic tale will soon fade away will be fitting justification for a church whose founder died, out of love, for man's redemption and prophesied its unending persecution -- but also that will endure to the end of time".
 If you dont mind missing sleep and meals then read this book because you wont be able to put it down! Very exciting a little confusing at first but it is a very good book and i would recemend it to everyone who likes a good read!
 I dont see anything interesting about this book nor the movie. This book is one reason why I only read fact.  Just way to out of wack
 I drive 40 minutes to and from work each day, and The DaVinci Code book on tape made me look forward to my commute. The narration is clear, concise and exciting.  I couldn't want to get to the next chapter! The only problem is not wanting to leave your car to go into work!! I created the "visuals" in my mind as the narrator read the book...it is almost like seeing the movie! The narrator used different accents for each character, so it is easy to differentiate the characters which makes things clearer since you don't see the text in front of you.  I highly recommend this book on tape to anyone who doesn't have the time to sit and read a long book.
 A book that I could barely put down. Fast paced, which all of Brown's books are and keeps you interested at every stage. Not only does brown keep you entertained through each of the 600 pages but he also teaches you many things. It may be a fiction book, but The Da Vinci Code is full of facts. One of brown's best to date.<br/><br/>Great book. Great read. 4/5<br/><br/> ...]
 The book was well worth the read, everyone feels that it gets a lot more hype then it should, well of course it does, the religious world doesn't want anyone to be aware of it's secrets.  There is a ton of mystery in the book backed up by a great deal of interesting facts.  I enjoyed the book and found the movie to be worth the 2hrs 40min, wonderful job, well done.
 I bought this book for a friends birthday gift, he called me the day he got it to thank me.  The next day he called to say he finished the book because he could not put it down.  He refered to it as a "pageturner".  The only book he has ever read that he did not put down once!  I think I might ask for it back!!!
 Seh
 The finest, best written (the short chapters were great!) intelligent yarn that I've read in many years (and I'm 83). The author presents it as awork of fiction, and it should be accepted and enjoyed that way. But as with all really good fiction, there were many, accurately depicted, factual pieces, which I personally recognized with great pleasure. And the totally fictional bits were a delight. It was difficult to put the book down, once I had begun.
 Bravo! Dan Brown has written a break out novel that deserves every word of praise that is being heaped upon it.<br/>This is an exrtaordinary page turner.
 This book is for the weak minded, easily entertained lot. I found it boring, contrived, at times cheesy/hokey, and very poorly written. Everything needs to be explained to the point where the text loses its momentum. The villains are laughable, the way the main characters figure things out is so damn contrived that I found myself laughing out loud. People who are getting mad about how it goes against the Catholic Church and all this other nonsense, I have one thing to say to them: Don't bother! It's a waste of breath! This book is so bad that it really doesn't challenge your religion at all!<br/>I honestly hated it, and find it sad to see that it is such a monster best-seller
 Entertaining, and great use of history's mysteries!  Robert Langdon is a great character, and if you like Indiana Jones movies, you'll enjoy this book and the other Langdon-centric books. Great summer vacation reading.
 From the first page to the last, this book is packed with documented facts everyone needs to know about.  This book attempts to, with superb detail, let the world know the truth about our Christian religious history.<br/>Dan brings to the reader an exciting passage of experience into the realms of the esoteric.<br/>A must read for anyone in search of the truth!
 Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!<br/>You must read this book.<br/>With the twist and turns Mr. Brown uses there is no way you can guess the out come by the end.
 Dan Brown is to Da Vinci what Oliver Stone is to John Kennedy's assassination, i.e., a purveyor of pure fiction for the sake of self enrichment.  As for the suggestion of a reviewer to read Beauseigneur's Christ Clone Trilogy in ADDITION to Da Vinci, I say read Christ Clone INSTEAD.
 Marvellous book, well recommended - and most things seem to have been said about its themes, plotting, characters, language etc - though soon after reading it, I discovered that it had actually developed its story lines via formulae in another work - the obscure Hog's Wholey Wash. A lot has been made of The Da Vinci Code's debatable or definite links with Holy Blood, Holy Grail, but you can trace every element - and I mean e-v-e-r-y element - of DVC's design to a cranky metaphorical system in HWW. On the surface it bears virtually no resemblance and, apart from how it connects with DVC, it's bewilderingly dull and difficult to read (will duly elaborate in a full analysis). It does seem strange that such an amazing book as DVC has been built on such a load of gobbledegook - but then it wouldn't be the first time for such turns of things. The Grand Allegory of a Hog's Wholey Wash is one abstruse little nugget that apparently goes back to the 13th century, revived in the 20th - the version I got of it is a copy of a typescript that was knocking around in so-called esoteric circles circa '98, and my guess is that Dan Brown must have picked it up then or soon after (though possibly long before - there's evidence that HWW was re-written in its original French, and `lost', c 1944).<br/><br/>For all the books now blatantly trying to hitch a ride to popular success on The Da Vinci Code, it does seem to have in its own way, uh, piggy-backed on a few itself. But do you call that parasitism, and frown on it? Or do you see it as making accessible and exciting material that might otherwise have just been given academic or super-cryptic treatments - and get taken massively seriously by a few but which not so many people read, understand and enjoy?<br/><br/>I fear we'll be seeing more action before long in London's high courts - and that it will not be anything like as entertaining as The Da Vinci Code.
 Fast paced, pulpy, and fun. Like the river at the end of City Slickers, "it's fast, but it's not deep."
 This book was very exciting with a great premise that any feminist would appreciate.  I enjoy the unique piecings of historical art and symbolism.
 I found this book to be a complete waste of time,money and it was wrote in such a way  to let people think it was true by saying that all art work ,architect, religous acts are facts.When not one is and Every thing that stated as a fact in the book by Dan Brown and the characters is a completely fictional.<br/> And it was wrote mainly to attack christanity !
 The Da Vinci Code, By Dan Brown is a gripping novel that will not release you until you have read the whole book. Featuring costant action, riddles and endless problems and dead ends. Romance is also a common factor in this book! Written by one of the best authors currently known; Dan Brown has also other exiting novels to offer: Deception Point, Angels and Demons, Digital Fortress.<br/><br/>GET READING!!!
 Last year, I read "Angels and Demons" before my trip to Italy and find it a interest/better than average read.<br/><br/>And when I started to read Da Vinci Code, I find myself comparing the 2 book.  I've find so many similarity between them.<br/><br/>IMHO, Da Vinci Code is just a improve version of Angels and Demons
 If you took any part of this book seriously, read the "The Da Vinci Hoax" by Olson &amp; Miesel.  Totally debunks this book.
 Keep in mind that this novel is fiction and it is a great thriller.  If you're particularly sensitive about books about religion, or have issues remembering this book is not meant to be factual, you probably wont enjoy it.  Regardless, Dan Brown is a great writer.
 This is a very enjoyable book.  I agree with the other reviewer that this is not a history lesson - but a story that is very entertaining with a great plot.  It does make you think far outside the the book - which is what reading is supposed to do.  Robert Langdon may be too perfect - but this is fiction ;)  I have already purchased "Angels and Demons" and am reading through it furiously.
 I have to agree with another reviewer, I also read this book in paperback years ago. Thank you Kindle for this great free book. This is a story that can be re-read for another viewpoint or aspect of a novel. Again, many thanks.
 I can see why Dan Brown is one of the BEST writers to have come along.  The Da Vinci Code had me from the first page to the end.  Marvelous story line!  The book inspired me to do my own research into the Priory of Sion, Knights Templar and the early days of Christianity.  What an eye opener!  Through my research I have found a freedom I have never felt before in my life!
 This was an enjoyable read with interesting notions. It was engaging in that I listened to it over the course of about three days. I would recommend it to folks that are into mysteries and culture. Have fun!
 I enjoyed this book. Its a great story: good characters, fast-paced, and a quick read. Its detailed religious mythology reminded me a bit of the Indiana Jones series. Every chapter ends with a cliffhanger though, which can feel a little artificial after a while. Overall I'd say: worth taking on that long plane ride.
 This book is poorly written. There is nothing here but a bad copy of Robert Ludlum's writing style and a feeble attempt to popularize Freemasonry. The only reason for the hype surrounding this book is that it attacks Christianity and Catholic church. As a computer security expert, I find cryptographic references in the book laughable.
 This book was a wonderful read!  Being from a back ground of OES and Masonry, I was in awe of some of his references.  Dan Brown did excellent research.  This book may be fictional, but it is filled with facts that the reader should take the time to explore more into if they are in doubt.
 The book was written to be turned into a movie and make the author a gizzilionaire.  Did I have fun reading it? YES.  It is fast paced, pseudo smart if you want to read something dumb and quite entertaining.  Do I believe everything it says? No, definitely not all of it;  it does put forward over due plausible arguments and hypotheses.  But there are better authorities and more intelligent discussions.  Do I recommend it?  If you like to be entertained, definitely.  It is like Eye of the needle, but it upsets the religious right!  :-)
 So this page-turning thriller was on the best-selling list for a gazillion months and put Catholic and fellow Christian faithful in a defensive uproar. I'm fairly well read and, yes, I've earned a few bucks with my prose. I'm also a sucker for historic tales, ancient folklore, mythology and Old Testament characters who lived for 800 years and begat like rabbits. OK, I decided, now that it's in paperback, I'll give it a read. What I concluded was this: Those who found The Da Vinci Code an affront to their faith could have could have ended the argument before it reached the level of theological debate by countering that Brown's work is a literary steaming pile. I read page after page, waiting for the moment when I would start to give a rat's ass about The Da Vinci Code's protagonists. What a bunch of twits. Langdon is a leading authority in the obscure field of symbology (I don't know if I spelled that right, but I'm not about to go back in that book and check it). Apparently, there are enough people in the world who crave more symbology that Langdon's books sell better than Brown's, entitling him to the academia equivalent of rock start status. Sophie is effectively portrayed as a cuddly French chick who's easy on the eyes -- someone a man might make a hit on before the first 300 pages if he wasn't a dipwad like Landgon. She's got some inner deamons that make her interesting enough, but she's been isolated from folks like you and me in a cradle of artsy culture so high-falluting most French probably couldn't tolerate it. And then they hook up with that insufferable aristocratic British snob Teabing. From cradle to some approptiately haught estate near (but, of course) Versaille, this memeber of the Royal Lucky Sperm Club has never had to lift a finger to earn buck or a pound or a Euro. So he's been free to pursue his fascination with Bigfoot rumors about how the Priory of Sion, Opus Dei and those cool Holy Grail Knights from the third Indiana Jones movie have contrived through the centuries to keep the lid on damning evidence that Jesus made a baby girl and God had originally intended women to be in charge of everything. Or something like that. Oh, I forgot, Teabing's crippled so I should feel bad about talking bad about him. Anyway, this trio of prententious intellectual clods sit around do what pretentious intellectual clods do -- make lofty, self-affirmed pronouncments about how the world's going to turn upside down when this cat gets out of the bag. The point is that these characters aren't very approachable and Brown does little to convince me that this secret will destroy Christian faith as we know it. Hell, it's been more than 100 years since Darwin presented pretty clear evidence for evolution, yet the Christian faithtul still pack churches around world. But back to how bad this book is. Trite doesn't begin to describe some of the wincing turns of phrase. I would give you some examples but, like I said, I'm not going back in there. One of the more laughable scenes of upper-crust idiocy occurs when Langdon and Sophie meet up with Teabing in his metrosexual parlor. By now, Sophie and Langdon have somehow eluded the grasp of professional killers several times, been on the run and are exhausted. With a straight face, Brown describes how Sophie's delirium is sated by a spot of tea and her hunger is satisfied by... crumpets. Yes, crumpets. Hell, Teabing, shut up about your conspiracy theories, roust your beligernet butler and have him fix these people something to eat. Offer Langdon a stiff drink. I sure needed one at this point. By now I'm pulling for the albino. Then they escape the jaws of death yet again and, naturally, high-tail it to England on Teabing's private jet. I hoped maybe Teabow would turn back upon discovering he'd left his Grey Poupon behind. I stopped reading it about 30 pages later when it became clear that the Albino wasn't going to get a chance to wack any of these intrepid protagonists. I don't know how it ends. I don't care. However, there were plenty enough nuggets of research on the subject to entice me into watching a few nice documentaries laying out this whole conspiracy on the History Channel and Discovery. Who knows? You might like it. This is just my opinion.
 What a great book.  It's a quick read, but very engaging.  I saw a few reviews from people clearly upset by the fact that this story may call into question their faith.  For me, it's just a great story that weaves reality into the fiction.
 This was a great read but not worth all the hype it received.  I'm not going to reiterate the plotline because it has been done here, many times.  You don't need to be religious to read this book.  It's more of a suspense/mystery novel that will be sure to please everyone.  The end was a bit choppy and seemed to jump all over but overall, this is a highly recommended book.
 I loved this book. Not only are you getting an exciting suspense thriller you're getting information that can only light a darkened hallway of new choice in religion and history. This book will thrill you and educate you.
 Before you part with any cold hard cash, think back to your first creative writing class... now, remember the clunky prose and paper-thin characterizations of the least talented class members.  This will give you an idea of how The DaVinci Code reads.<br/>Don't get me wrong:  I'm no literary snob, and I love a good Michael Crichton or Stephen King as much as the next person, but The DaVinci Code was no Firestarter.  Many of the theories it hints at are never developed;  the editor (if there was one) was clearly asleep at the wheel;  and the characters themselves are so clichéd and unbelievable that you will soon find you are only reading to find out how it all ends.  In short, Dan Brown makes John Grisham look like Shakespeare.<br/>However, despite its flaws, this novel is not without merit:<br/>BONUS #1:  Dialogue so stilted you will laugh out loud.<br/>BONUS #2:  Possibly the lamest, least imaginative, most one-dimensional rendering ever of an uptight Brit by an American author... found myself wondering less where the holy grail was and more why on earth Brown chose to revive such a dull, DOA stereotype for one of his main characters.<br/>BONUS #3:  You DO have a chance in hell of getting published after all!<br/>For a somewhat better read on the same subject, I recommend The Prophetess by Barbara Wood.<br/>For author Dan Brown, I recommend Creative Writing 101 and a seasoned editor!
 I have always enjoyed mystery novels and the inclusion of historical details made this even more interesting. I'll definitely be continuing to read the Robert Langdon series.
 The Da Vinci Code is absolutely magnificent. I can't find any words to describe it. This is a MUST READ book.<br/>I wish you have the priviledge of reading this fabulous book.
 Angels and Demons was great, but this was boring.  I had to force myself to read this, instead of looking forward to the next chapter.
 If you want a page turner, here ya go!  I'm not a big reader but this had me riveted from start to finish.  Very interesting and thought provoking!
 This is the first book I've read since High School and it opened the floodgates towards excitement, intrigue and elightenment that rocks the foundation of belief.
 I made the mistake of starting this book one evening.  Luckily, it was a Friday night, because, once started, you can not put this one down.  The characters are believable and three dimensional, the writing is fast and crisp, and the plot leaves your heart racing.  The head of the Louvre is murdered in an inaccessible part of the museum, but that is not the mystery.  He has also taken off his clothes, arranged his body so that it would be found in a certain position, and has written a message in his own blood.  Then the plot gets interesting!
 This is a funny novel, with mistery, imagination, a good rithm, etc. But if you pretend having written a very well documented book... you cannot start with a earthquake in ...Andorra!!! That's unbeliveable!!! If all the suposed facts are as much accurate as this...<br/>Well, good fiction, but that's all!
 Rarely does a book come out with so much attention and is able to live up to it. Dan Brown lives up to the hype. This book is amazing. I can't wait to read his other books.
 This book opened my eyes to a lot of things. This is a real good book. It made me think. Another book I have read lately that made me think is The Circle of Death by author Robert Rohloff of Canada.<br/>I would like to recommend Da Vinci Code to be read carefully with an open mind.
 Took longer than I anticipated to receive.  Was hoping to get an unabridged copy, but couldn't tell from the description whether or not they were abridged.
 No doubt about it, The Da Vinci Code is a great read. The book has it all: lightning-fast pace, mostly believable characters, easy-to-read style, mystery, intrigue, clever plot twists and adventure. What, after all, could be more captivating than the quest for the Holy Grail? The Grail being our ultimate understanding of our spiritual past, present and our hoped-for future.<br/><br/>By now the plot is well-known to most: Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is called upon to help investigate the murder of the elderly curator of the Louvre. Soon, with the help of attractive French cryptologist Sophie Neveu, it becomes clear that the late curator was involved in the Priory of Sion, a secret society whose members included Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo, and Da Vinci, among others. (This secret society did actually exist, which makes the plot that much more believable-and problematic for those who take the book's premise seriously-if some is true, it must all be true, right? Well, no!)<br/><br/>Langdon's investigation proceeds from riddle to clue, from puzzle to picture. That picture being Leonardo Da Vinci's "Last Supper," with Jesus bidding farewell to his disciples.<br/><br/>Unraveling all this is great cross-word-solving pleasure. In the end, though, what the "solution" finally points to is what has made this book the controversial blockbuster it has become: a restructuring of the story of Jesus Christ's life and by extension an annihilation of Christian dogma and Christian faith for those who would believe that the fiction is, in reality, based on fact.<br/><br/>This is an exhilarating turn of events both for those who despise religion in general and for those who loath-or envy-Christianity, in particular the perfection that was Jesus' life.<br/><br/>But ultimately, in my opinion, the book is a mere tinkering around the edges of what is the central question of human existence: Where do we come from? What is our true nature? What is the nature of God? And what is our relationship to him (or her, if you prefer)? These are the questions, only hinted at in books like Da Vinci Code, that plague our collective mind's and cause us to keep searching. There are better books out there.
 Since I've had kids in 2006, i've probably read about 5 books from cover to cover.  And it usually takes me weeks to get through one.  With The da Vinci Code, I was done in a day.  Very fun page-turner to read.
 Yes, "The Code" is inventive.  Yes, it is fast-paced.  Yes, it goes on &amp; on, twisting &amp; turning with a new old twist around every corner.  This is a summer read, not a read that breaks new ground.
 The story was much better the first time it was written by an author named Lewis Perdue under the title of Daughter of God.<br/>Do yourself a favor and get the original.
 Practically unreadable, this overhyped chuckleworthy book seems to parody the genre. Every paragraph is packed with cliches, and every aspect of the novel, from characterization to plot to language, has a wide silly streak. Read aloud to provoke a giggle fit.<br/>The above may sound mean-spirited, and is partially a reaction to the disconnect between the quality of this book and avid, glowing reviews from Salon and the New York Times (both by film critics; what's up with that? Do film critics not normally read?).<br/>If this sentence from an early chapter sounds "gleefully erudite" (jesus h, Janet Maslin!) to you, you'll probably love the Da Vinci Code:<br/>"One mile away, the hulking albino named Silas limped through the front gate of the luxurious brownstone residence on Rue la Bruyere."<br/>Hulking, limping albinos! Always an excellent choice when selecting an assassin.
 To be able to enjoy the suspense of the novel and to follow along with the wonderful illustrations was fantastic; it gave me a whole new love for one of the best books I have ever read.  This will be one of the most treasured books of my collection!
 I had to read several of this author's books after losing a bet to one of the smaller ladies in my doltish wife's Big Readers Book Club.  They ("Deception Point" and "Angels &amp; Demons") were fast paced, easy to read, and contained some interesting (and perhaps bogus) information about science and theology.  This book is similar in the last regard, but a little sluggish in terms of pace.  The writing is unpoetic (there is no other word for it) and the plot is silly.  Bessie loved all the gibberish about the sacred femini and even insisted I refer to her as The Grail after she caught me sneaking a beer at little Chad's school play.  Well, I found it pretty ridiculous (the book, not the beer).  Almost as ridiculous as the casting in that "film" 'The Return of Martin Short'.  But my real complaint isn't about the content--which is poor at best--but about the item itself:<br/><br/>The pictures are nice, appropriate, and a-plenty. However, the book itself is bulky, heavy, hard to read in unnatural light (the pages are too shimmery), and just plain annoying to lug around.  Worst of all, I hurt my excellent throwing arm tossing it across the room after Bessie shouted "I am the sacred femini, worship me" after I asked her to refill my beer mug.  A losing situation in every regard.  And not recommend to anyone.
 Any person who reads this book will have their eyes opened wider than ever before. You do not have to be a lapsed catholic to enjoy the mysteries surrounding the Roman Catholic Church. Dan Brown is a master at using words to create a scene like no other author.
 TDC had top marks for its writing style and Dan Brown has created an edge of your sofa thriller read that deserves to be as popular as it is today because the editors have really set out to make it readable for the masses. I think the book is more of a reading design revolution than a high quality thriller.
 Dan Brown has written of the the best books I have ever read.  This was indeed a real page turner.  Whether you agree or disagree with the facts presented the book was a sheer pleasure to read.  I simply could not put it down.<br/>Well done!!<br/>I anxoiously await my opportunity to read another Dan Brown Novel.
 To begin with, there are no lulls in this book. It is perfectly paced and does so with great effect. After the first 50 pages I felt that I knew what was going to happen but I was entirely wrong. I had purposefully stayed away from news stories about this book so that I would encounter it fresh and unbiased. The result is that its the best novel Ive read in the past few years. It covers the most coveted and revered stories from our childhood, when we are taught about Jesus and the New Testament and all that it involves. I was guessing at many times in the book and, a few times, I guessed right. For the most part, however, I was wrong or had no idea and finding the answers with the characters was like being along for a grand adventure. Well written, constructed and paced, it has solid characters, and a thrilling storyline. Highly recommended.
 great book, good to keep my attention focused on the book, very hard to put it down
 Really is an enjoyable and suspenseful read. I couldn't put it down at times.
 I waited and waited for the greatness and finally for the great finish and I was disappointed.<br/>Kind of formulaic, touching on concepts and objects that fascinate many to gain readers interest.
 The research for this book is terrible - it is all based on total rubbish so far as any understanding of Christianity is concerned. No historian, whether atheist, Catholic or Protestant, or simply agnostic, would give this book the time of day so far as factual research is concerned. Yes, if you want a science fiction thriller, like Raiders of the Lost Ark, this kind of nonesense is fine, but don't believe a word of it as fact
 Yes, the storytelling and character development are pedestrian at best, but it seems that those who decry the 'facts' in the book the loudest are those who fear that they may actually be true.
 ... I found this book contrived, the suspense artificially manufactured, with fake cliffhangers every couple of pages.  I found the inevitable revelation was something I figured out right around page 50, so no big surprise, and I had to slog through a lot of bad writing and reams of factoids (some of them wrong, by the way).  It's like the author thinks he'll snow us with Too Much Information.  Plus a lot of the information was irrelevant mind game stuff, like the Fibonacci numbers and all that.  Why he had to go pick on Opus Dei as a villain I don't know -- I hold no brief for them, but they're just not cartoon bad guys like he makes them out to be.  And it makes no sense that the victim whose death starts out the book would put his granddaughter on this endless scavenger hunt -- that was what really felt contrived.  How anyone can compare this potboiler to "Name of the Rose" is beyond me.
 Author Dan Brown's controversial novel is a sleek, intriguing, engaging and factual(?) thrill ride of a novel.  Book  discussion about the novel among friends didn't focus on the story of a modern day quest for the Holy Grail (with clues of course in Leonardo Da Vinci's art work). The discussion focused on the concepts and theories that were raised in the novel. For me, the main characters and places serve as backdrop for the ideas being raised by the novel.<br/>In the novel the reader is taken on a electrifying roller coaster ride.  From Leonardo Da Vinci's painted clues, pagan rituals, a true secret society (Opus Dei), modern day Knights, the relationship between Mary Magdalene and Jesus, the oppression and  fear of the Divine Feminine and even a eye-opening insight into Disney's images, this book will raise more than few eyebrows and makes the reader think.<br/>I can only image the amount of research Mr. Brown had to do with this novel.  The author has done a breathtaking job of putting all the pieces of the puzzle together for you that will leave you in suspense, on the edge of your chair and in some cases up all night until the last page is turned.  I will definitely read more work by Mr. Brown, I simply can't get enough of his Art!s
 I am a fan of DALE BROWN (Dan's brother) so I thought I would give the Da Vinci Code a try.  The book is intriguing at first, but poorly written and filled with half-truths and out-right lies.  Mostly based on Anti-Catholic myth and pagan symbology, there is ZERO evidence to support the claims made in the book<br/>If you are an ANTI-CATHOLIC, you will love the book.  The simple facts are that the Holy Roman Catholic Church is THE FINAL word on Christ.  The Church has the historians and scholars that can read the original scriptures written in Ancient Greek, no other church does!  That is a FACT JACK!<br/>Dan Brown is no Dale Brown.  Dale should knock the heck out of his little brother, who obviously envies Dale's success.
 I don't really need to go back over the plot or controversy surrounding this book.  I think even those who haven't read it yet know what its about.  I just want to say that the illustrated edition is the best way to read "The Da Vinci code"  It much more enjoyable to be able to see Pics of the places and the art work and see the clues your self.  With out the pics you have to get out the encyclopedia or go on line and start searching.  If you are going to read "Da Vinci" then I highly recommend this edition.   ...]
 Dan Brown takes you on aa trip that gives you insight into history and background of the formation of much of our modern beliefs,,,, we need this to explore the truth and take away  so much of the false doctorines we were taught in sunday school.
 I'm 19 years old..and have never been into reading. My friend got me to read this book, and I LOVED it!! It made me keep wanting to read, read and read. The suspense never stopped, I loved it! Well worth it!!
 The worst part of this book was the extremely short, choppy chapters.  It drove me crazy.  The story line had a lot of potential but the book just did not deliver.  I was very disappointed that I wasted my money.
 There's far too much math, codes and cryptology, art history, and religious history in this book, and far too little thriller.  The writing is pedestrian, and the characterization is nil.  That said, the premise is very intriguing -- but unfortunately the first review, above, gives away the big secret!  So you lose that suspense -- you already know what they're going to find out.  So I'm mixed about this novel.  The author is clearly smart, and it's original, but it doesn't really live up to the hype.
 What can I say, this book opened me eyes and mind for alot of things, about the world I both am and am not apart of. This book is fantastic, for people who know everything and nothing. I would recommend it. It is one of the best books I have every read.
 Recommend this book. Great read. If you haven"t read this book yet go ahead and pick it up. read it
 Handsdfdd, djfei kdseikd, skjaddfd. Djdaie skdk dfsks dkeisp. Did you understand any of that? I didn't think that. But you know what? That's what some of the Da Vinci Code sounds like. This book takes a very high reading level to complete, but if you have it in you, it can be the best book of your life. Even if it's not, it can still make your day great. I hope that it will be better than the days that Robert Langdon had to go through.<br/><br/>  It starts out with Robert being woken in the middle of the night to news that the owner of the Louvre, who he was supposed to have met the previous night, is dead. When he visits the body, the police and himself find many clues to a secret society that protected the secrets of Jesus and Christianity. With only the help of the owner's granddaughter Sophie, Robert has to figure out why he is being framed for the murder and why there is an albino monk trying to kill him. And things worsen after he realized that the man he considered a friend and went to for help is working for the bad guy!<br/><br/>  Now, you may think that the opinion of a 13-year-old isn't that important, but if you want to hear what I have to say, then listen up. This book has everything that a mystery/action book needs. It has parts in it that make you think that the jig is up. Once, Robert and Sophie are in the back of an armored truck trying to escape from a Swiss Deposit Bank. The police are right there, but they escape thanks to some quick thinking of the president of the bank who is trying to help. This book also gives a nice history lesson as well. Whatever you may not know about the Egyptian and other times like that. Along with that, it provides a real challenge to try to solve the puzzles before they do.<br/><br/> I would recommend this book to anybody 14 and over or child prodigies. I also think that anybody who enjoys high level reading. I think that Dan Brown is one of the greater authors of all times. If you like the Da Vinci Code, I think that you should check out his other books, such as Angels and Demons and Deception Pass. But don't take my word for it, go and read it for yourself.
 I enjoyed the book, but found it unrealistic that the main characters always found a way out of their dilemmas.
 Dan Brown is amazing!! His writing is very easy to follow and the story completely consumes you!! The reality of the story was so scary!! Makes you think twice about life in general!
 I read this book when I was traveling in Poland and couldn't find anything in English to read.  I wanted to put it down after the first chapter but I lacked anything else to read so I forced myself to finish it although it became more unbearable after every page.  Even the cliffhangers were so pathetic as to be laughable.  I felt as if I were reading a rejected script for a bad B movie.<br/><br/>What is most disturbing about this book is not the faulty, silly and completely unhistoric background but the terrible writing.  I should have figured it couldn't be so well written to sell that many copies, but I didn't expect such cliched situations, such empty, flat characters.  I wouldn't recommend this book to anyone.  It's really sad to see something this poor being read by millions of people :(
 I was on the edge of my seat the whole time while reading this suspenseful book.  I love reading and I couldn't put this one down.
 What a captivating read! I loved Dan Brown's previous books, and this one is completely great. Plot twists, lots of rich histroy, a fun page-turner. Quick reading!
 Many good surprises! It was nearly impossible to put down, but I had to sleep sometime. I just kept turning the pages to see what was next. You need to buy this book!
 This is a great book for art history and mystery buffs.  Because it discusses a lot about ancient symbology, which is really interesting.  The author has written the story in such a way that it wasn't easy for me to figure the ending....has a twist and makes u think as u read.
 This book is worth every cent!<br/><br/>It is a great book about a murder mystery leading to a code of the history of Christianity. This book has it all; suspense, humour, thrills and even romance. Once I started it, I could not put it down. I strongly recommend this book to anyone who loves a good read.
 I was given this book as a Christmas gift and enjoyed it so much, especially the pictures of the locations the story takes place in, that I bought it to give to someone else.
 I absolutely loved this book. So much suspense that I had a hard time putting it down. And to all the people who gave it one star, I hate to break it to you, but this isn't a college textbook on religion. It's fiction!!! Helloooooo!
 This may not be the best thriller ever written, but I felt smarter just having read it. There were enough interesting facts and thought-provoking ideas to cover up the predictibale story-line and the cartoonish characters.
 I enjoy this book because it was realistic. I am in such organization and I am proud that Dan Brown didn't not speak negatively but instead in truth for the most part on the organization.
 I hate this book. I can't say it enough. I hate it so much that it has produced the "train wreck effect" in me - I'm utterly fascinated to listen to people talk about how much they loved it. It's like a bad accident. Here's the problem. Never mind the research, never mind the accuracy. How about the "fact" that the three main characters - the world's foremost, Harvard-trained, EXPERT symbologist in the WORLD, an Oxford trained scholar and Sophie (what are her qualifications?) are working themselves into a lather trying - trying so very hard - to crack one of the codes that will further their efforts. And they just can't. It's too hard. The code? My 5-year old niece could figure it out - it's written BACKWARDS. How would that stump these super-sleuths? It's such a minor detail, but such an idiotic device, I literally threw the book at the wall. Between that, the ridiculous repetition of "cliff-hanger" chapter endings and the writing, it's enough to make someone wonder - What is wrong with everybody who loves this book?<br/>Conversely, this book wins my vote for best marketing of all time.  It just makes you wish that Dan Brown would fess up that he wrote this as a joke to see how much money one can make from a brilliantly-marketed, poorly written book...
 Looking back, I could have spent quality time with my son rather than wasting it on this book ("son, sorry for snapping at you when you tried to tear one of the pages"). I was promised a thrilling end, but was disappointed, or frankly speaking cheated. What began as an interesting thriller, ended up in a series of ridiculous twists and turns. Don't waste your hard earned $$$ on the movie.
 Brown perpetrates a poorly disguised anti-Christian and Anti-Roman Catholic attempt at a suspense thriller. The unbelieveable plot twists and vain attempts at maintaining some minimal level of credibility strain Mr. Brown's slight talents to the breaking point. Venal characters, unsympathetic and sometimes ludicrous, leave us totally uncaring of their fates about half way through the novel.<br/>Brown executes his craft at a breathtakingly amateurish level and insults our collective intelligences throughout the book. Such a novel preys on the ignorant and easily persuaded to promote a blatantly anti-religious message. That the book is boring is just one insult added to the rest.
 I really enjoyed reading the Da Vinci Code. I really enjoyed the detail in the book. I did not like the movie though, I did not even watch it to the end... The book is so much better!
 I really like the Da Vinci Code illustrated version.  This book has a lot to offer and the pictures help explain a story that can be rather deep for some readers.  If purchasing the book, I highly recommend the illustrated version.
 This is an exciting book. I read it in 2 days non-stop. Although some of the data are fictional, some are facts... so definitely a good food for thought.
 Romans 3:4 NASB<br/>"... let God be found true, though every man be found a liar..."<br/>The above verse includes the speculations of Dan Brown towards God. There is what the Bible teaches and then there's what 'man' teaches. At the end of the day, "let God be found true" and everyone else .. A LIAR.<br/><br/>Please shake, your offensive imagination free of falsity and anti-God what-if's. Find the courage to break through the world's view and simply believe what God says through His Word (Bible) and what He is saying now, through His Holy Spirit.<br/><br/>Don't buy into this JUNK. You're better than that!
 Overall, the communication was very good, but only the shipping was a little too slow.
 Dan Brown hit this one out of the park.  Great read!  Reading is supposed to be fun and informative.  This one sure is.  The plot twists are terrific and the characters are well constructed.
 Suspenseful, intriguing, and cryptic all the way 'til the end!  I absolutely loved the book... couldn't put it down.  The book speaks to you on multiple levels.  It was a pure joy to read from beginning to end!
 I find recently hard to find books that are "hard to put down", but The Da Vinci Code was the embodiment of that phrase.  This book is a masterpiece!
 The books moves at a fast pace and is written for cinema. It explores an interesting perspective of the bible and the men who wrote it. Although fiction, it is interesting in that it has the feel of truth, but is not true. It challenges the notion of divine guidance of the authors of the accepted books of the bible.
 The book is simply superb!! The use of those magnificent photos to enhance the story was the crowning glory to a story that I not only believe, but experience in my own spirit. It is time for the glorious feminine to rise again and, hopefully, repair the damage done to humanity by the mutated females - men. Lois C. Webb
 A great book to read on a plane.  It starts out very strong and keeps you guessing throughout.  Ending is a little weak.
 Once I started reading this book I couldn't put it down! It was captivating. I can't wait to read another of Dan Brown's books.
 I will have to qualify this review by stating that I have only read the first five chapters. I would have read more, but Brown's writing style is so inane and uncreative, I couldn't stop laughing.<br/>Admittedly, it is quite difficult to refrain from snickering at such  paraphrased] gems like: "He resembled Harrison Ford in a tweed jacket". Of the almost infinite possibilities in which one can describe a person, the author chose this actor's visage.<br/>In my humble opinion, the novel is about par with "See Spot Run" or an English reading primer.
 Having heard Dan Brown interviewed on NPR, I bought this book thinking it would be a cut above the standard thriller genre of airport paperbacks.  Unfortunately, the character development was one-dimensional to non-existent, the prose was on a sixth-grade reading level and the story was so implausible as to insult one's intelligence.  It is a shame that the years of research Brown discussed in detail with his interviewer produced such a disappointing result
 best book ever, lots goin on, page turner - once u start u cant stop, full of cool facts.  im gunna read it a second time.  Awsome for anyone
 First, this book is poor fiction and one man's perspective based on questionable and/or purely subjective sources.  As a thriller it works if one does not mind a story based on pure speculation.  Albeit, it is well-written, but it is hi-lighted with pure speculative history.  The book may have been 'well'researched' but many of the sources used are not respected or as highly revered and/or respectd as the author and unifomred 'experts' would have us believe.  There are several major of flaws with the basis of the big secret. First, the spiritual/historical Jesus was the embodiment of God (who does not need to feed any of the hungers that mortals do- no marriage, children, et al).  Therefore, this whole flimsy concept of a marriage is a non sequitor. If you are going to use a real historical figure, DO NOT change his character.  Second, DaVinci was a self-proclaimed enemy and critic of Christianity.  So is it any wonder that his painting renditions of Christ would contain insulting messages of contempt for the Christian faith and tradition.  Third, there were no female apostles.  Anyone knowing Judaic and social history of the times would know that woman did hold any positions of real power in the Jewish or early Catholic faith.  Finally, Mary Magdalene was not a prostitute, rather an adultress.  The only thing that Dan Brown has done is to give 'wings' to hearsay and gossip based on highly unauthoriative and questionable writings that cannot be taken without serious thought to their original intent.  While he is at it, why not dig up the writings of old European navigators who thought the world flat and write a book about a secret - that the world is really flat.  This book is pure garbage and an insult to anyone with any knowledge of history and Christianity.  I am only thankful that I did not buy this book - I borrowed it and saved myself some money.  If you want to read some good historical/speculative/thrillers, read the LaHaye and Jenkins books.  They are well-researched and well written.
 Dan Brown proves himself to be one of the most creative authors at our times. The storyline is breathtaking by the author's filling his imagination into the holes of historical relic.
 Unaware of the plot and the hype surrounding the book, I bought "The Da Vinci code" ONLY because it was displayed as the No.1 selling book in the store. However, I still regret the decision to this day.<br/><br/>The story starts off as a riveting read with plenty of action, suspense, and mystery. Unfortunatly, I had to put the book down about a third of the way through by virtue of the nonsensical and unsubstantiated claims the plot tacitly insinuates.
 I have never been so diasppointed with a book. Dan Brown basically takes a few religious theories (that have been around for quite a while and aren't obscure at all) and intertwines them with a lame plot. Don't waste your time reading this book. The fact that so many people like it and find it so earthshattering is only a sad testament to how pathetic, limited, and closed minded we have become.
 This book was riveting, had more twists and turns than a roller coaster!<br/>Once you start reading, you wont want to put it down! I highly recommend this to anyone who loves suspense, action, history!
 I was wary of all the hype surrounding this book but I guess I stand corrected; this is one heckuva ride! In order to enjoy this you have to accept certain aspects of Christianity that may not sit right with everyone, but I suppose one should keep in mind that this stuff isn't real -- fiction is only that: fiction!<br/><br/>So don't sweat it, just read it and take it for the adventure it is. I'm glad I did!<br/><br/>--Mike
 No stars for this one.  But would not let me submit unless I put in at least one!  I understand that this book is a copy of the book called, "Daughter of God" which is about the BEST book I've read this year and I don't do fiction usually. I write myself (Bible research) and I don't think an author copying someone else's work is worthy of reading.<br/>Okay, so "Daugher of God" has some unusual things in it (me a Baptist).  But if you don't stretch you're mind once in a while you will never learn.  Take a chance - be brave.
 A simple book for simple people. It reads more like the plot to a B movie than the runaway hit of the decade. I was very sad at how bad it was since I love the history/mystery genre.<br/><br/>I've read both Angels and Demons and Deception Point and enjoyed them a little but little did I expect that the Da Vinci code would be so unbearable. The writing is simplistic the characters as thin as paper and the plot forced and I believe absurd came to mind once or twice.<br/><br/>Facts or not this should be a kid's book. I kind of chuckle when I read reviews like "Will change your outlook on life" whoa, get a grip people, reality is calling.<br/><br/>Should you read it? Probably just to see what all the hype is about.<br/><br/>Should you get the illustrated version? No not worth it. The images are few and the important ones just view on the internet.
 I enjoyed this book a lot, not just for the illustrations, but the manuscript as well.  The pictures showing the various paintings was very helpful.  They would have been very helpful in Angels and Demons, had I know that it came illustrated.
 A beautiful book with detailed illustration.  Those pictures are just so helpful.  No more googling in the middle of the book.  Must have one!
 What starts out as a page turner, quickly becomes just another fast-paced movie script, with no character development. The plot grows more unbelievable and ultimately ridiculous.
 Great read. Not as good as Angels &amp; Demons, but fun, face-paced, exciting and mind opening. Don't read it if religion is a sensitive subject. Don't watch the movie until you read the book. Keep an open mind and enjoy!
 I liked the original book better than the movie, but this edition with the illustrations and photos is fabulous! The only downside is that I can't immediately travel to all the sites pictured.
 The book I received was in excellent condition.  The illustrations bring the book to life.
 I found this book to be deceptive, pandering to our incessant search for moral loopholes.  The author has taken old myths and repackaged them for a reading public that has very little experience with history.  The melding of fact and fiction was clever and misleading, leaving us breathless with anticipation for the next tricky twist.  If you read this, please do yourself the service of investigating the fact/fiction that serves as the base for this novel.
 This is the worst drivel I've ever read. It blows my mind that anyone would call this book good, much less great. I practically grew up in a library and I'm a writer with a degree in English, but you don't have to be educated to be able to see how bad it is. I don't have enough time to point out everything wrong with this book so I'll just say flat out, Dan Brown can't write. My perspective has nothing to do with my religious beliefs. In fact, I can't believe that anyone would come to doubt their religious beliefs because of this book. Dan Brown's re-writing of history is so unconvincing and far-fetched it's laughable in some places. Hidden symbols of the "sacred feminine" in Disney's The Little Mermaid? You've got to be kidding me.<br/><br/>Someone mentioned that Brown teaches creative writing? That amazes me, since the number one rule of writing--"Show, don't tell" gets completely thrown out the window in this book. There were absolutely no surprises. I had to force myself to finish the book when I got to the half way point.<br/><br/>This might have been a lot more readable if Brown had actually put some work into it. I'm not talking about research, clearly he did research the historical elements to some extent. I'm talking about the actual writing. He seems to have been so anxious to "enlighten" the world with his concepts that he wrote it all out as fast he could and turned it in. It reads like a first draft. I can't put all the blame on Brown, however. Any editor worth a darn should have been able to turn this mess into something readable. Maybe he decided to go out and find the grail himself?
 Forget the hype, will the suspension of your disbelief and enjoy this terrific page-turner. Without spoiling the plot or surprises it's about a Symbiologist (Robert Langdon) who is in France to meet the curator of The Louvre Art Museum. But the meeting never takes place and there follows in the next few hundred pages an incredible eye-opening journey of discovery. Langdon and a Cryptologist (Sophie Neveau) are on a chase to solve a puzzle left for them by the curator. They don't know who the good guys/ bad guys are, they don't know what's on the other end of the puzzle and there are twists and turns all the way through. It reminds me of The Thirty- Nine Steps by John Buchan where you have an ordinary guy (okay, not ordinary but non-cop/ non-crook) just minding his own business and then suddenly caught up in international intrigue and murder and having to stay ahead of both the good guys and the bad because he doesn't know who's on his side. The beginning, ending, and the ride in between are fantastic. The controversial aspects of the book concern Paganism and Catholicism and I'm sure there are many facts but also fallacies - This is fiction. It's nearly six hundred pages long and I read it in a weekend.
 Those who think that witches and worshipers of the mother goddess are well-meaning, harmless, put-upon folks whose aim is to do good to people will no doubt love this book. Those who think that witches are often in league with demons and that demons are very real, and mean to bring harm to us humans, will very likely not like CODE at all. I am in the latter group, and for that reason I found the book annoying. Because it is also written in a terribly amateurish style, I also found it tedious. It's a little well paced and suspenseful, but once the author's agenda became clear it lost most of its tenuous hold on me.<br/>How the author came by his apparent reputation for careful research is a mystery. His research appears neither careful nor truthful. It could be that he is merely mistaken about some things, but in other cases it looks very much that he is intentionally distorting or falsifying what he must know to be true for the sake of his agenda, which is extraordinarily pro-goddess and anti-Catholic. Much of what he asserts about the Church is not merely false, but ridiculously so. Other reviewers have mentioned several instances that I won't repeat here, but for one point.<br/>Brown mentions a fifteenth century book called THE WITCHES HAMMER, calling it perhaps the most blood-soaked book in history, being responsible for perhaps as many as 9,000,000 deaths of alleged witches. Such an extraordinarily improbable statement demanded some research of my own. I found, first, that in 1500 - near the publication of the HAMMER - the entire population of Europe including Russia and the Ottoman Empire was a little under 62 million. That would have meant burning at the stake 1 of evey 7 people in Europe, a calamitous rate that would have rivaled the Black Death. It simply did not happen.<br/>The second thing I found was an English translation of the HAMMER itself. I read it, too, which perhaps the author did not. It is a late-medieval manual to aid Churchmen in dealing with witches of the time. The translator's introduction, which amounts to a 40-page historical essay neatly summarizing the issues is well worth reading even if you don't delve into the HAMMER itself. On the whole it is an extraordinarily interesting work. It makes a good companion piece to CS Lewis' masterpiece THE SCREWTAPE LETTERS, or Malachi Martin's HOSTAGE TO THE DEVIL, or the two recent volumes by Father Gabriele Amorth, the chief exorcist of Rome. For that matter THE EXORCIST by William Peter Blatty, which served as the basis for the famous movie of the same name, would be well worth reading. It was novelized, but it was nevertheless based on a real case.<br/>For those who believe in neither demons nor the pernicious effects of witches, I suggest that they merely open their everyday eyes and look around. Now that witches have become a popular item in our culture, consider the Zantops' Dartmouth murders; the sniper murders in Maryland; the Columbine High School murders; the Manson murders. Remember when the Manson events burst on the scene? How it was unheard of before? That was only 30 years ago!<br/>Worship of the mother goddess and the witchcraft that seems to go pretty much hand in hand with it are by no means harmless. They are malignant influences, and this book seems intent on preaching them to its readers. No thanks; not for me.
 Dan's Brown book "The Da Vinci Code" had me hooked. It was absolutley a great book filled with adventure and thrills. Definitley a page turner. I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a great book to read.<br/>I also recommend "Angels and Demons" by Dan Brown.
 It's a real page turner but the characters are really flat and sometimes quite frankly a bit corny. But none the less, it's a thrilling book about an interesting topic!
 This is the worst kind of illiterate writing extant. I am not referring to its religious point of view. The grammatical errors are enough to make me throw the book into the trash, along with Danielle Steele and John Grisham. For a page-turner, I recommend instead the Williams-Sonoma kitchen equipment catalog.
 This is a fairly quick moving thriller up until the midpoint, and yet I kept thinking I had read this all before. A voracious reader, I rarely stop reading books until I have finished, but I was sorely tempted with this one.  Even ignoring the strong anti-Christian rhetoric, the ending was so weak that I was left asking myself "So what?"  Not a good use of your money or time
 Normally I don't bother with popular tripe, but the book was a real page-turner.  Great pacing, good writing, leaves you on the edge of your seat waiting for the next installment.
 Dire!  Absolutely awful!  One of the worse books I've had the misfortune to read.  It starts promisingly enough but the mid-term plot twist stretches credibility to the limit and the conclusion is quite frankly ridiculous.<br/><br/>Stephen Fry recently described this book as "ass gravy"; he was being too kind!
 So often follow up books disappoint but this is an outstanding flollow up book to Angels and Demons. Provides excellent detail in the settings so you actually feel you are there with the characters. Can't wait for the next one.
 I thought that this was one of the most stupid books I ever read.  The plot stunk.  The history so faulty it was laughable. The characters were boring, underdeveloped and tedious.  The riddles were the most ridiculous and predictable.  The conclusion....ho-hum.<br/>Don't waste your time
 Dan Brown is my new favorite action, suspense and code writer.  Simply put, he's brilliant!  I can't wait for his next book!!!
 I like the story telling and narration. It keeps one interested through out. It would make a good movie!
 Favorite book of all time... followed by Angels &amp; Demons... Brown's work is genius, and could make anyone question their own beliefs.
 This is an extremely well written book with alot of interesting information.  I found it very difficult to put it down!
 Brilliant from cover to cover! Well researched, well written and extremely captivating....I could not put the book down, literally.
 Even though I had seen the movie first, the book's version was equally as captivating if not more! I am not much of a reader, but found that I couldn't put this book down! Highly recommended!
 Carving a path toward enlighten is one thing- but to amalgamate fiction as facts is simply abhorrent.  I recall reading Robert Ruben's books (former Treasury Secretary) "In an Uncertain World" - in which he elaborates on the ethos argument at Yale Univ.-<br/>The necessity and value of fictions novels- though, they concluded fictions as having little or no relevance in seeking core wisdom, they and I argue that fictions were the most appropriate teachers and conveyors of lessons toward life's journey -. In short, I give this book a poor rating, for quality and potential Plagiarism; I command it for its attempt to briefly enlighten.<br/><br/>What's more, I disagree with its prejudices - simultaneously, the notion of  " there's No original idea" is still valid in my book.
 Very very very good book. Really makes you think and question your surroundings. Simply amazing. Dan brown is a terrific author and I can't wait to finish the Langdon series
 I disliked this book so much I could hardly finish it.<br/><br/>I read a lot of thrillers. This one I read when it came into the Dutch bookstores, before it was a hype.<br/><br/>The information on which this book is based is from the book "The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail", which I read some twenty years ago. That was a very interesting book. Apart from that information, this thriller has a ridiculous plot, and not one interesting dialogue.<br/><br/>So the real mystery to me is, why it became so sought after.<br/><br/>Theo Bollerman - lover of thrillers
 This book was great from beginning to end.  I could not put it down.  The author is a master at writing.  I would definitely recommend this book, it is a must read.
 I had never enjoyed reading until reading this book. I am now an addict.<br/>this book uses some history and famous land marks to tell a great story and get your conspiracy theroy. Wheels rolling.
 The books helps to have the movie make sense.  Great read, couldn't put it down.
 Couldn't put it down.  Then Katrina hit and it got swept away in the waters.  We survived, Yeah!  What a beautiful book to have lost.  Plan to have it again once the mess is cleaned up!!
 Read in in three days straight.  Couldn't put it down!  Interesting and real-life implications for the Church.  Must-read.
 The one thing I liked best about this book was the art and religion history.  It was a very well researched book and I couldn't put it down.  Definitely one of the best murder mystery books in a long time.
 Dan Brown is a quintessential author. This soon to be classic is rocking the "pundits" that think there is but one theory to explore. As a former Catholic, I found it very hard to put this book down.......
 Very interesting read. You can tell the author has put in work to understand the church and its secrets. Keeps you on your toes.
 This is a fun one, read it cover to cover in one weekend. It even kept me a wake very late...
 My book club read this book when it first came out.  The story line was wonderful and I had a hard time putting the book down.  However, this book is a work of fiction.  If The Da Vinci Code has made people talk and read more about what is in the Bible, than Dan Brown did an exceptional job.
 The illustratations were great, got the boys, twin teens, into a topic area where they had been resistant to get into, but enjoyed them completely.  Fantastic.
 I know there are alot of mixed reviews about this book, bu I LOVED it., it was definately a page turner, I could not put it down, kept my interest the whole way through, I definately recommend it., lots of little surprises in it.
 First of all, in regards to all the hype surrounding the 'revelations' in Brown's book all I have to say is: It's fiction, folks!!  Nothing more than light entertainment.  He may use actual works of art and architecture, but the rest is fantasy.  Even the supposed historical tidbits aren't very well researched at all (i.e. his book says the Knights Templar were executed by the Pope when it was actually France's King Philip the Fair who had them arrested, charged and killed).<br/><br/>As far as fiction goes, it's a fun piece of fluff; a good way to kill some time on that 10 hour flight to Europe or in your doctor's waiting room.  But after having read both this book and Angels &amp; Demons (the stories are practically identical in a didn't-I-already-read-this kind of way), I feel like Mr. Brown severely underestimates the intelligence of his readers.  He announces every moment of foreshadow.  His attempts to build suspense remind me of a father embellishing scary stories to his young kids by making "oooo" noises while making monster faces and stomping around the house with his arms over his head like some sort of ghoulish gorilla.  He has to drag out the revelation of each clue which can be annoying when you've already figured it out, but you still have another 2-3 pages of "oh, what could it be" to go through.  And he has a tendency to go off on random tangents that do nothing to enhance the story line (i.e. the entire why-I-wear-a-Mickey-Mouse-watch saga).<br/><br/>I'm starting to get the idea, based on his writing style, that a conversation with him would go something like this:<br/><br/>"Happy Birthday, Wendy.  I've got something for you."<br/><br/>"Wow.  Thank you, Dan."<br/><br/>"I've got it here in this bag.  It's a surprise."<br/><br/>"Oh.  What is it?"<br/><br/>"Boy, you are really going to be surprised when you see what it is."<br/><br/>"OK."<br/><br/>"Guess what it is?"<br/><br/>"Um, can I have a hint?"<br/><br/>"You told me last week that you were hoping to get this."<br/><br/>"Oh yeah.  A gift certificate to the spa.  Is that what you got me?"<br/><br/>"You are never going to guess what it is."<br/><br/>"So it's not a gift certificate."<br/><br/>"It's something that's really relaxing."<br/><br/>"Besides a trip to the spa?"<br/><br/>"It's a way to get really pampered on your birthday."<br/><br/>"So no spa then..."<br/><br/>"I can't wait to see the look on your face when you open it."<br/><br/>"So, do I get to open it now or do I have to wait until later?"<br/><br/>"No, you get to open it now."<br/><br/>"Ok...  Dan... Give me the bag, Dan.  Are you going to give it to me or not?"<br/><br/>"Alright, here it is.  Aren't you excited?"<br/><br/>"Actually, I'm starting to get a headache, Dan."<br/><br/>"Well, here it is!!"<br/><br/>"Oh.  It is a gift certificate to the spa."<br/><br/>"Yeah!  Aren't you just astounded?  I knew you'd never guess what it was."<br/><br/>"Actually, I'd pretty much figured it out about 20 minutes ago.  But thanks."
 Since my life consists of sitting around here on Wackoff Ave doing nothing but watching old PORN and writing review after review of this book, I reluctantly decided to let go of my wang (2 fingers baby - all the way!)and write yet another review.<br/>People, this book is consuming way too much of my precious time. I've got to figure out a way to leave it go. I will soon die. (I really should write `let it go' but us unedumacated types don't know no better.)<br/>JEBUS AND DAN BROWN, SHOW ME THE WAY!
 This book is great as long as you take it for what it is: Fiction. It's just for fun. It's a great adventure, but obviously there is little truth to it. What an exciting author!
 Though I do hate the way the author cuts the several lines of story into small pieces. This might help to intrigue readers. But i found it somewhat artificial and annoying.
 This book was barely passable. Angels and demons was much better (had a weak ending though). I was greatly disappointed.
 Though I enjoyed this fine book, at moments it felt like I was reading something already being prepared for the screen. It concerns me when a character (Robert Langdon) is compared to an actor (Harrison Ford). Still, the story was compelling, active, and sometimes thought provoking.
 I found the story engrossing and it kept me awake on the drive from Portland to San Francisco. However, I would advise you not to buy the audio version. I don't know if it was the idea of the director or the narrator, but the the story is narrated in an unconvincing fake French accent (in dialogue). It gets worse when the male narrator continues to narrate the central female character in his best female French accent. The fun doesn't stop as the narrator acts out the female character as a 9 year old girl, and carries on a schizophrenic dialogue between the French woman and her French grandmother. Ridiculous!!
 Keeps you glued to it. Never a dull moment. Ten times better than the movie. I would recomend everyone should read this
 I enjoyed this book very much.<br/>It was a well written book and kept me interested through out the entire book.<br/>In fact, I have read the rest of Dan Brown's other books and enjoyed them as well.
 Really intriguing little slow in the beginning but it gets better as it progresses I recommend it to anyone who's interested  in action with some historical content
 I don't understand the success of this book. It follows meekly in the footsteps of many more insightful, intricate mysteries woven around this same plot. This felt like a Fox tv pilot of an Umberto Ecco novel.
 The currator of the Lourve was just murdered, and every piece of evidence is as confusing as the murder scene.  Robert Langdon is called in to try and solve this mysterious murder.  While solving the murder, he meets Sophie Neveu, the victims relative.  Before they know it, they are fleeing the scene of the crime, traveling across Europe, and trying to uncover the secret has been hidden for too long.<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code is a story that is a mix of mystery and religion.  It was a great story, and keeps you guessing right to the very last page.  It combinds mystery, thriller, and suspense to keep you turning the page.  It is a book based on fact, which adds to the intrest of the book, and what is said throughout the story.  I would recomend this book to anyone who likes books that are a real page turner.  Buy The Da Vinci Code, and you won't be dissapointed.
 Well, I just couldn't go on with this book.  I figured the author had some anti-Christian leanings when he mentioned how the church killed some five million 'witches' way back when - which is, I'm pretty sure, way off.  But, the book already had my interest, so I just thought I would enjoy the rest of it for entertainment's sake.<br/>But when, just over half way through the book, I was expected to swallow that the divinity of Christ was never part of the early church's beliefs, but was invented by Constantine, four centuries after Christ, for purely political reasons, I felt sick.  Oh, yes, he had the Councel of Nicea convene, canonize the Bible according to his wishes (leaving out all those other books - 58 other gospels, no less - that proved Jesus was just a man).  Oh, they also decided to make Jesus God at this convention.  Constantine needed this, you see, for population manipulation purposes, of course - and this forms the foundation of Christianity today.  "You mean the divinity of Christ was decided on by a vote?" -"Yes, and a very close vote at that", the scholarly characters of the book ensure us.  The dizzied woman gives the trusted scholar a look of shocked wonder. He replies with a gental nod on confirmation.  It's Puke-O-Rama time, everybody!<br/>Okay, at this point I can see the author is basically making an attempt to debunk and discredit Christianity - the whole point of the book.  I felt violated.  He could have at least have shown some respect for historical facts.  You think he would have figured that some people, believers and non-believers alike, have actually looked these things up.
 My main problem with this book is that when I read it the main character in my brain when I imagined it looked like Tom Hanks. I wanted the character to look like my neighbor, Harly, because Harly is a professional symbologist (which is really a real job, so don't listen to the haters, Tom!). Also, I found the book to be unrealistic because Tom Hanks was menaced by Opus Dei Catholics, who caused him a lot of trouble. In real life, this would never have happened. I know this because Harly HATES Catholics. In fact, I'm pretty sure he's the one who set that fire, but I think the statute of limitations is two years, so who cares.<br/><br/>I guess my point is, zero stars. Thank you for your time, Mr. Hanks.
 My only reason for writing this "review" is to make known my disgust, as a black woman, the views and comments made by a "reviewer" named Minerva.<br/>Minerva, don't you even dare to preface your bigotted outlook by claiming you are not a racist. Darling, you are a typical middle class white woman who holds women of color in contempt and jealousy.<br/>Us black women don't have time to worry about such flighty notions such as "patriarchy" (that is the way to correctly spell it sweety). Black women in this country, unlike most comfortable middle class white women, are naturally strong -in mind, body and spirit- and have no need for crutches like "goddesses" and all such fairy tales. We struggle with very real, very dangerous aspects of life everyday 24/7. We don't have the time to whine about some novel. We black women are trying to make a better life for ourselves and our children, sadly often alone without our men to assist us. How dare you even question our strength when unlike most white women we keep our jobs, our families, our lives going day-to-day without the security and comfort of a man! You white women can indulge yourselves in specious and frivolous causes while waiting for that paycheck from your white husbands! Most of you have nothing better to worry about!<br/>As for "getting hair and nails done"...Honey, you white women monopolized over 200 years in this country of enjoying the pedestal your White Man placed you upon. Nobody can ever hope to outdo you white women in the vanity stakes! You were prettifying yourselves when my female ancestors were working in your fields, your kitchens and taking care of your children and servicing your men all the while pampering your every whim. Too bad the whole world no longer beats a beaten path to the emaciated, pale feet of the white women anymore. It's so sad for you. Now perhaps you'll learn true feminine strength. One that cannot afford the luxury fantasies of man-hating, baby-killing, lesbian playing and goddess worshipping.
 Great paced, but don't throw out your bible and convert to the church of the feminine for goodness sake...
 The story, characters, events and twists are tailormade for Hollywood, and I could not (literally) put the book down. But I won't call this "true" literature! It was more like reading the script for a movie; engrossing though it may, the reader still feels like "reading a movie" instead of reading literature.
 This is hands-down the worst-written book I have read since Naked Came the Stranger - and it was *meant* to be bad.<br/><br/>The man can't write, his facts range from iffy to downright hooey and yet he outsells everyone.  What a sad day for American authors.
 One of the best books ever - weaving a good mystery with history.  I will definitely get his other books.
 The Da Vinci Code is a fascinating book, but the illustrated edition is a bit of a travesty. Black text, white paper, Roman serif font, justified text: this edition does not evoke the imaginative world of Dan Brown. It is essentially the same as the black and white edition, with a few color pictures added here and there.<br/><br/>A far more satisfying illustrated edition would have evoked the manuscripts of the era of which Brown writes. The illustrations and designs could have invited us into Brown's mind and touched us emotionally.<br/><br/>The mere fact that the publisher produced an illustrated edition is part of a growing body of evidence that the public wants beautifully designed books. The current number one best selling book is America: the Book, printed in full color, and the number one Bible of 2003, Revolve, was also printed in full color.<br/><br/>Valerie Kirschenbaum<br/><br/>author of Goodbye Gutenberg: How a Bronx Teacher Defied 500 Years of Tradition and Launched an Astonishing Renaissance
 This was a Valentine gift for my Fiance'.  She could not put the book down and had it read within a week.  According to her, the addition of the illustrations helped to put some of the story into perspective.
 As a fan I was confused by the history which in an interview he actually seems to take seriously. He is no historian. As a fan, I would exit ecccentric materials based on little, and do what he can do well.
 A pot-boiler of the second order.... Plot driven!
 This novel is really great. I recommend it to everyone. i needed to put these extra words. sorry. have good day.
 I just finished this book and found it facinating. It's a fast paced inviting story. It's all about entertainment and should not be taken seriously. If you find yourself defending your faith by trying to boycott a fictitious book then maybe you need to ask yourself why.
 What an astounding book!  It grabbed me from page 1 and never let go.  Dan Brown has truly written a masterpiece.
 Great research: way out. For a very similar book, check out "MEET MARK TWAIN."
 I found it unenlightened and banal. It was so hackneyed and trite and vapid and tasteless that anyone who reads it loses a multitude of braincells. Why would you subject yourself to such a travesty of the English Language???? Brown should take a lesson from Emerson's self-reliance and get his own ideas...
 Asorbing - you won;t want to stop listening.  (Much more thrilling than reading the book.)
 What a wonderful read.  I enjoyed this book tremendously and have recommended it to several friends.  This is one of those books that I will be reading again.
 This book took me on a very well detailed journey. It was very well written and held my attention! Wlord
 Fun book, great read.  So good in beginning that the last third is a bit of a let down.
 I happen to be an instructor and really am quite pleased with the piece. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good read with a great deal of action.
 I'm going to Paris this summer and want to go to many of the places featured in the book. This journal is the perfect companion.
 I came to Dan Brown's THE DA VINCI CODE having recently read three other modern novels (Updike's THE WITCHES OF EASTWICK, Crichton's PREY, and Uris' OHARA'S CHOICE), none of which was particularly captivating.  Updike, while perhaps attempting a parody, achieves the ridiculous while losing the humor. Crichton merely rewrote his earlier novel THE ANDROMEDA STRAIN while changing nothing but the cast of characters.  Uris' characters remain as conflicted at the end of his novel as they were at its beginning.  A fourth modern novel that I struggled through a little longer ago, Naslund's AHAB'S WIFE, is so full of red herrings as well as characters endowed with neither reality nor purpose that it rates no further notice at all. My point here is that I came to THE DA VINCI CODE with a jaundiced eye, expecting yet another literary failure and even wondering why I was bothering to read anything written after the early 20th century.<br/><br/>I was in for a wonderful surprise.  Mixing real, historical secret societies with fictional characters and plot, Brown pilots the reader down a veritable race course of a book.  The action, intrigue, and mystery gallop at breakneck speed from beginning to end.  Religious symbolism is artfully interwoven throughout the plot, and the heavy debt that Christian mythology owes to Pagan beliefs is brought to light in skillful narrative and dialogue.<br/><br/>Yet, for all of its originality and captivating action, the book is not entirely new.  Several scenarios and bits of dialogue here and there are derivative of the Indiana Jones movies starring Harrison Ford.  I am thoroughly convinced that author Brown watched INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE quite a few times before beginning to write THE DA VINCI CODE.  Numerous parallels exist between Brown's Robert Langdon, a Harvard academician specializing in symbology, and Indiana Jones, an academic archeologist.  Once they have been drawn from their classrooms into the field, however, both Langdon and Jones give James Bond a run for his money in the "action hero department."<br/><br/>One other character in the novel may be derivative.  At least, he constantly reminds me of a character whom I met some time ago in another film.  In the novel, the character is Silas, an albino monk and a fervent believer in the Opus Dei, a reactionary Catholic cult.  Brother Silas is continually flagellating himself, the mutilation and pain being self-administered punishments for his sins (such as multiple murders, but then I don't want to give away the plot by describing his grievous transgressions in too much detail here).  Silas reminds me very much of another monk who also flagellates himself for his sins in THE NAME OF THE ROSE, a spell-binding murder mystery set in the time of the Holy Inquisition.  As in THE DA VINCI CODE, extreme religious belief and murder intertwine to form the plot, and it is not stretching the point too far to suggest that Brown may have also been influenced by THE NAME OF THE ROSE, though whether in its book or its movie version is impossible to tell.<br/><br/>That the influence of other works on Brown's novel can readily be seen is not a grievous weakness by any means.  Certainly the bulk of Brown's work appears to be refreshingly original, and THE DA VINCI CODE goes far to restore my faith in modern fiction.  If we can imagine mixing Indiana Jones with James Bond while throwing in a goodly measure of truly fascinating church history, religious fanaticism, and worldly scheming, we will have created a pretty accurate description of THE DA VINCI CODE.  To describe a book as a "page turner" has become trite through unwarranted overuse, but in Dan Brown's novel, it is highly accurate.  I've already begun to read his other novels based solely upon my delight with this one, and that is perhaps the highest recommendation I can make for partaking of his creative and imaginative stories.
 The book was not for me, but the person who received it was very pleased.
 This book was so thrilling and I couldn't put it down once I started it. It was so amazing how Dan Brown made all the codes fit in. Very very GOOD!!
 Excellent book! Brown does not disappoint with this controversial thriller! Once you pick it up it's hard to put down!
 It doesn't matter if you agree or disagree with the contents of The DaVinci Code ... it was well written and flowed nicely. Though there were so many things mentioned in the book, that really got me thinking, not to mention gave great topics to conversation with son and boyfriend.<br/><br/>I can't wait to read his other books ... he's well thought out and interesing.
 I don't have much time to read but managed to make it through this book. I like my books simple and this book is as simple as you are going to get. It dragged in a few spots, but all of the symbolism and the secret society references were intriguing.
 Couldn't just click "yes, I found this review helpful" for James Stephen's Mona Lisa Overdrive.  Deserves a lot more than that.  Where's the "Jumping Jesus, found this review hilarious, as well as spot on" button?  If there was one, I'd click it.  As there's not, I'll just wipe my nose and and get on with my life.  One star for the book.  Five for the review.
 One time I ate a Krispy Kreme(tm) doughnut; one thing lead to another and I ate the whole box. That same feeling hit me when I finished this book. You will finish the book and ask yourself why?
 'The Da Vinci Code' by Dan Brown quite simply is one of the greatest books I have ever read.  There is a very good reason why this book has sold millions upon millions of copies, and remains near the top of every bestseller list years after its release.<br/><br/>Repeat, there is a reason why.<br/><br/>In his novel, Dan Brown begins with a murder inside the Louvre and then goes from there to spin a tale the likes of which few authors have ever been able to create.  The work that Brown does here is an opus, it's the kind of life's work that few authors hope to come close to reaching.<br/><br/>I find it fascinating looking at all the reviews that have been posted, as there seems to be no middle ground when it comes to "The Da Vinci Code".  Either one loves it or hates it, and for the most part, people LOVE this book.  Like the movie Million Dollar Baby with it's controversial turn, this book looks Christians squarely in the face and when they look back in return many don't like what they are staring at.  I am not saying that what Dan Brown writes is based on facts (he'll be the first to remind you that it is a fictional work), but one thing this novel will get you to do is think.<br/><br/>I don't believe in giving away the spoiler moments of books, especially ones that I love as much as this one, and I won't break that habit in this review.  I have written lots of reviews on amazon, but there are few things that I can recommend higher than "The Da Vinci Code".  Many individuals don't like "following the trend" and reading/watching/listening just because the majority is doing the same exact thing, but this work is extraordinary and if you don't take the ride of reading this art, you will be doing yourself a great disservice.<br/><br/>One of the greatest pieces of literature I have ever read.<br/><br/>***** HIGHEST POSSIBLE RECOMMENDATION
 After reading the "Da Vinci Code" my friend recommended another book, and I was equally amazed. You will find this book to be totally fascinating- "The Golden Milestone: Over 2500 Years of Italian Contributions to Civilization."
 There is little I could add to the glowing reviews for this book, except to say this is a blockbuster for very good reason. It's a masterpiece of fiction, action, suspense and enough PLAUSIBLE truth to make it exciting. Though the bible (as it is in it's heavily edited and distilled version) does not mention Jesus having a wife, it also leaves out 30 years of his short years, as well. There is NO reason he absolutely did NOT have a wife at some point or even children. That is the complaint fundamentalists have with this book... however, having been married does not make the Christ any less the son of God, nor does it somehow dilute his incredible influence on our lives even today. The book is about a more serious matter... that is how many well-meaning Christian's have molded the image of Christ to their own image, instead of wanting to know more about who he REALLY was. I believe no matter how much we discover about the historic Jesus, it should only tend to add to your faith, not take away. That is true faith. This is an awesome work of fiction... but it has inspired MANY to want to know more about Christianity. That should not frighten anyone who loves truth. Could any new knowledge of Christ be a bad thing? If you think so, just wait until you face St. Peter at the gates of heaven!
 This was very predictable. Over hyped. It was a good quick read.  Nothing to get excited about.  Might make a better movie. Written like it was meant to be one.  Not great not bad. enjoy.
 This book was awesome!!! One of the best I've ever read. It keeps you on the edge of your seat til the very end!!! Don't listen to anyone who tells you it isn't a great book.
 Love this book. I love all of Dan Browns book
 It''s an interesting book. I've read it more than 5 times, but never feel bore! It's in the movie but i prefer read it
 So far this book has sold over 40 million copies and has 3126 customer reviews.<br/><br/>This means that an average of one reader every 12.795 writes a review on amazon.com about the book after buying it and reading it.<br/><br/>Im just making statistics on best sellers and trying to understand how things work... one day I may write one :) so remember my name :|<br/><br/>Obviously this statistic doesnt take under consideration the books that you can read for free from the libraries that have been borrowed from friends and that have been illegally photocopied or downloaded from file sharing softwares... but gives you an idea...
 This book is very well written. Very interesting and very entertaining. I have no doubt that Brown is bound to be a talented author HOWEVER saying that in all fairness I must add that it is the most deceitful work of ficton I have ever read.  It takes all that Catholics and Christians hold as dear and tranples it underfoot and in my opinon makes fun of it.  True it is marked fiction but its written like it is true and has a lot of people confused.  Jesus DID NOT marry Mary Magdalene and have a daughter. There are not a group of monks hiding this "secret" and Jesus IS really God in the flesh. If you say this book's claim to Christ is true you deny that we have any hope to eternal life and all humantiy's hope is forever lost.  Brown has taken everything Christians believe as truth and trampled it underfoot like a hogg trampling on our jewels and wallowing in the slop that he is making off this garbage.  If such a book as this is written about Jesus the Christ..and nobody who is a Christian finds it offensive then why not write equally scandle books about other great men in history? Why just pick on God's Son? I had no problem with Harry Potter, Broback Mountain or most books &amp; films some Christians are offended by but this is where I draw the line!  Don't be conned by Dan....If you must read this REMEMBER its ALL fiction and not true!
 Inspiring and enthralling. It held my attention and could not stop the book<br/>to go to the restroom! Recommended reading for all.
 The real DaVinci is nothing compared to Dan Brown and his masterpiece! All I can say is read it now!
 Even if you don't agree with all that is stated by Brown in the book it is still a great read. Every thing flows nicely and the twist at the end with shock you. I think that people over reacted to what is said in book. Being a devote catholic I had no problems with it as long as people take it a fictional novel(what it is ment to be).
 While Dan Brown has been criticized for many aspects of his writing style, this book was totally captivating, I really could not put it down.  Well researched, excellent pacing, a great mystery.  I loved it.
 The book had me hooked after only a few pages.  Dan Brown has a way of giving you just enought information to keep you wildly interested without giving away the plot.  Most books are very perdictable, but not this one.  The revelations kept coming up to the last page.
 Although somewhat cheesy at points this book was wonderfully fascinating. The pictures are very handy as well.
 Badly written, cardboard characters, completely unbelievable plot, nonsense. What more do you want?
 This book kept me in rapt page-turning attention from page 1 all the way through the end.  Awesome!  And very intelligently written too.
 First I thought the novel was well-executed and this is helped by the short viginette chapters. The wall paper of Europe and religious history is a nice decoration but the focus is on the myth. And that is all this is. Ther claim of truth at the beginning is misinterpreted in my view. The paintings are real as are the locations. The entities are real but in the case of the Priory of Sion is a debunked sham. Making it real for the novel is allowed though.<br/><br/>The problem is that this was already written in two other novels and all of the themes are indentical in the two books. Enough was changed to make the claim of originality in the form of character names and the title of the main thesis: Jesus married Mary Magdalene and they have descendants protecting her bones and legacy. From the looks of things and the attention this is the only declaration that separates the books in question. This one and "Daughter of God."<br/><br/>Is that enough? Who knows?
 Great read, factual, entertaining... what more do you need?
 I am not really a big fan of current fiction books but i must say that this book was well worth my money and time...very effective...very well written and well paced.
 Amazing author writes amazing thing. Dan Brown is a fantastic writer who came in light after "The Da Vinci Code". This book has all the hidden talent of the author that makes the story fabulous to read. Each line of the story increases your craze about the forthcoming lines and you can only end-up with the last line of the novel.
 Fasten your seatbelts.  This book is one heck of a ride.  _The Da Vinci Code_ is more than a journey in search of the Holy Grail and far more than your typical murder mystery/who-dun-it.  It concerns the history of the Priory of the Scion, an extraordinary brotherhood formed in the middle ages and perpetuated to the current day to protect the mystique and secrecy of the Holy Grail.  The Church is terrified that the Grand Master and his colleagues know of the existence of ancient documents which if revealed could shake the church down to its very foundations.  One past Grand Master of the Priory of Scion was Leonardo Da Vinci, whose "Last Supper,"  "Mona Lisa," and other masterpieces contain clues pertaining to the relationship of Jesus and the much slandered Mary Magdelaine, and how certain powerful and reactionary forces have a vested interest in suppressing the importance and meaning of their bond.  The book explains the dual meaning of the term "Sangreal": San Greal or Holy Grail vs. Sang Real or bloodline.<br/><br/>First and foremost a crime mystery, _The Da Vinci Code_ begins with the murder of the curator of the Louvre.  The victim is the current Grand Master of the Priory of Scion and grandfather of Sophie Neveu, who together with Robert Langdon, a Harvard professor of symbology, endeavor to locate the Grail and to understand better its deeper meaning, or what the book refers to as the attempt to recapture "the Sacred Feminine" that was eradicated by power hungry male religious leaders (possibly starting with Jesus disciple, Peter).  The book is packed with puzzles, cryptograms and poetry containing clues as to the whereabouts of the Grail.  Conspirators--and their identities shocked and surprised me--ensure that those who do not serve their purposes are promptly disposed of.  _The Da Vinci Code_ presents great works of art and structures of historic architectural splendor as vital "characters" in a riveting thriller that I found impossible to put down.
 I really liked this book when I read it. Then I bought another book of his...Angels and Demons...and it was even better than this one.
 OK - but not too well written or plotted. For a parallel conspiracy and more depth - try:<br/><br/><a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Dark-Windows/dp/1409221296/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dark Windows</a>
 I have read many books and this is the only book that took my breath away as i was reading.. Its brilliantly written. The twists and turns of the story, aside from the historical background its written in is amazing. this book pulls you in from page one. its definitely a page turner. i highly recommend this book to anyone! AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This was the best book I have read in years!  Educating and exciting. Didn't want it to end.  Would highly recommend this book!
 Awesome, Awesome, Awesome.  This book was great - I couldn't put it down.
 Davinci Code didn't live up to the hype, at least not for me. If I hadn't been expecting so much maybe would have been 3 stars.
 All copies should be burned simply so this stunning example of hideous writing cannot be inflicted upon anyone else. The premise, characters, research and so-called writing are an insult to all who can read. If Mr. Brown was going to invent history he could at least have made his fiction entertaining. He's not even clever enough to manage that much.
 I love books that tick off the Catholic Church.  The Da Vinci Code is definitely one of them.  If you like books like this one, try CONFESSIONS OF A CATHOLIC SCHOOLGIRL to get the inside scoop on the "dirt of the church."<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Confessions-of-a-Catholic-Schoolgirl/dp/1598009052/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Confessions of a Catholic Schoolgirl</a>
 What a phenomenal book!  I couldn't put it down and read it in two days.  I particularly liked the illustrations.  It made the story so much more real and interesting!
 This book is a good example of why the review "stars" should have the option to go below zero.  I'd give it a minus two stars.
 .. but I think this is an excelent book. Particularly, the illustrated edition makes the experience so much better, it helps the reader understand the simbolics and really visualize the immages that the author describes.
 There is a reason it has sold millions of copies--it is just plain entertaining.  Buy it already!
 I found myself up very very late reading this book.  The ending was ok, but overall a must read.
 It has a picture of Mona Lisa's eyes on it.  And there is some jumbled code pealing up, like a page being turned.  Below that it says The Da Vinci Code in white letters over a red background.  It also says Dan Brown on top and The #1 Worldwide Bestseller on the bottom.  And there is a golden circle that says Now A Major Motion Picture on it.
 First of all a confession: I'm not a fan of Dan Brown's work. As to this novel, I just don't see the big deal. Remember, it's a work of  fiction, not a textbook.
 This was one of the best books I've ever read. Art, history, action, thrills, and super writing.
 FULL OF TWISTS AND TURNS, FULL OF MYSTERY. KEEP ME ON THE EDGE OF MY SEAT...TOOK ONLY TWO DAYS TO FINISH.
 This is one of the books that really got me into reading.  Seemed like I couldn't put it down!
 Like many other people, I bought this book simply out of curiousity. It appears to have made many waves and since I am interested in the history of Religion I thought it would make an interesting read. Far from it.<br/>The characters are flat and one-dimension and the whole book is based on the so-called 'secrets' Brown reveals. Without the information on the history of the church (though their accuracy is debateable) the fact that the storyline is completely lacking would have been blaringly obvious. But even so, he obviously trusts that all his readers are as dense and uniformed on the subject matter as his character Sophie. Rather, I found myself laughing out loud every time it took Langdon and Leigh forever to figure out a 'riddle' I, the layman, had solved within seconds. Not to mention that the 'revolutionary' ideas portrayed by Brown are hardly new. I had heard most of this before at one point or another.<br/>I should hope that everyone takes this book with a pound of salt.
 2-dimensional characters.Overdone,tabloid-popular theme. Predictable outcome.Yawn.
 I can't believe the writing of this author.  It's so realistic and I wish I could have traveled to Italy in my younger years to visit all the places described in the novel.
 The suspense and the riddles made this book fun, but the knowledge it truley contained is why I loved it.  Though you have to be openminded to read it, it can truley make you look at things closely and re-consider what you've been told.
 This is a wonderful adventure that is often misunderstood as pure fact.  It is a page turner and very difficult to put down.  The illustrations are incredibly helpful if you aren't too sure what they are referring to like myself.  They are also beautiful.  The book itself is quite large so if you enjoy bringing books with you on your travels, this one is quite difficult to lug around.  The chapters are very short which makes for an easy read for just about anyone.  I love a book that can take one meaning and flip it around to have another meaning that comes out of nowhere.  Some of these things may be from the research Dan Brown had done, but many are just from good writing.  A thrill to read, highly recommended.
 Expecting a crisp, intelligent read, I found one dimensional characters and very weak dialouge.  The protaganist was the weakest of all the characters.  A "must put down" and forget about it book.  I would have rated the book no stars if I had the chance.
 The book was an exellent read, and I can't wait for the movie
 I have read it twice and enjoy it as a thriller and mystery,not as a statement on the Catholic Church.
 I could not put this book down. This book was a very interesting book to read. I believe Dan Brown did an unbelievable job. the only problem I had with the book was the ending. I was enjoying it until the end. I believe he could have ended it in another way.
 This book is a must read! I loved every minute of it , I did not want to put it down!!!
 Save yourself the time and the $$$<br/>This book lies all about Jesus and the apostles and Christianity entirely.  Why has it topped the LA Times Best Seller List for Fictional works for 22 solid weeks?<br/>GOD ONLY KNOWS, but I wish He'd stop it.
 Love it or Hate it (I loved it), there is no denying this novel changed the American Literature Landscape.  Since its release it has sent me clamoring for Brown's other novels (Look for "Angels and Demons" as it is the first book in which Robert Langdon appears) and other books of this genre.  While many fans of this book are eagerly awaiting a the May 2006 release of the "DaVini Code" movie, look for "National Treasure" to fill your needs in the mean time.  Otherwise if you are looking for a fresh new thriller pick up this novel today!
 A very interesting book.  A definate good read if only to have people think a little more about Catholicism and religion- the dates however don't follow through and for that reason I question the validity.<br/><br/>Don't read Harry Potter read this...better for your mind!
 I'll admit it - it's a fun suspense novel.  But the author knows just enough to be dangerous, sounding plausible with the absurd claims he makes.  May God help him if he leads just one person from their salvation with his irresponsible work of fiction.  As a Christian with a degree in art history, it was easy to spot all the places that Brown gets it wrong on so many counts.  An example: page 246 has an excerpt from the fictional Gospel of Phillip in which the disciples call Jesus "Saviour."  Yet the core of Brown's assertion is that Jesus' divinity was decided in a council vote 300 years later for political gain by people who claimed to have proof it wasn't true, and that the disciples knew Jesus was "just a man" like them.  If that's so, then why would they have called him Saviour?  Another example of his inaccuracy is his description of Da Vinci's painting "Madonna of the Rocks" where he mistakenly reverses the identities of Jesus and John the Baptist as infants.  Jesus is the one holding up two fingers, an internationally known symbol for teacher/rabbi, and it is John the Baptist who is kneeling in prayer to Christ, and the "talon-like claw" that Brown sees in Mary's hand is actually her blessing Jesus, as a clergyperson blesses communion elements.  Caught you at your own game, Brown.  Try to get it right next time.  The book is filled to the brim with inconsistencies in Brown's self-created world.  Enjoy this fiction, but read the real truth for yourself in the Bible.
 This is a very well written book that will get the wheels in your brain turning! Dan Brown is an amazing writer.
 First, I'd like to say what a huge fan I have become of this fantastic writer.  Since Brown's first book actually.  Brown is hard to top in this exciting genre, in my opinion.<br/><br/>THE DA VINCI CODE, is a fast-paced, roller-coster ride taking the reader on a historic journey they will think about for a long, long, long time to come.<br/><br/>Fantastic, unique, page-turning, thought-provoking, is what The Da Vinci Code is all about.  I loved it.  The story as written by Brown offers the reader a lot to think about (fiction or not), I, for one, couldn't put this book down, and I was sad when it ended.<br/><br/>I can hardly wait for Brown's next novel to hit the bookshelves!<br/><br/>(I give The Da Vinci Code My Highest Recommendation!)
 I agree with those reviewers who said it was a page turner for the airport lounge but in the end the plot was a disappointment, it felt like an interruptus: no bang, no surprise, no excitement.<br/><br/>So, why add another review?<br/><br/>The reason why I write this is a quotation from the San Francisco Chronicle on the back of the book stating that Brown is "Eco on Steroids".<br/><br/>Eco is profound in his research, full of refined craft in his language, intelligent in the plot and honest in the distinction of fact and fiction. Brown fails on all four accounts. The book is just trivial, and not more than that. It even fails on Europe and Catholic bashing by getting facts wrong that would have required much less research than renaissance symbolism. (I do not mind the bashing, it's the artist's freedom - but I prefer informed bashing).<br/><br/>Yes, I admit, I needed an encyclopedia when reading Eco's  Name of the Rose or Foucault's Pendulum - but I was never bored . In fact, I learned a lot and had fun at the same time. If the reviewer wants us to believe that Brown is some sort of a Turbo-Eco - nothing could be more misleading than that; at least the publisher should have known better. Eco could have written this book with only his cerebellum working.<br/><br/>But the book has a good side too. Numerous American readers are now flocking to the Louvre, contributing to much needed revenues. As the guided tours concentrate only on those few pieces referred to in the "da Vinci Code", unfortunately the visitors will miss out cultural enlightenment. But that is the curse of a civilization that has adopted the fast food principle, which it had invented, to the understanding of other cultures (as is evidenced by the many factual misrepresentations of Europe and Catholicism in the book).<br/><br/>Finally, Dan Brown defeats himself by invoking Leonardo da Vinci's name in the title. His artistic dwarfism is most apparent in contrast to the genius of Leonardo.
 I have never read a work of fiction based on so many fascinating truths.  The Da Vinci Code is absolutely the best thriller I've read in years.  I can't wait for the next installment!
 Really Good, Starts a great hook, and keeps the suspence up untill after the book is closed, well worth the 7 houres i took to read
 (1)If your Roman Catholic like I am, DON'T read this book. If your a devout Christian like I am,DON'T read this book. This book in its entirety is anti-Christian, anti-pope,and a "twisted" history in it. Dan Brown,whose name sounds like a hundred bells ringing, writes a "true-false" book; he has some truth about some of the things in this book but, he puts some "made-up" things in there too.<br/>(2)The plot itself is wrong also. The clymax comes right after the first two pages and stays there for eight more pages.<br/>It is a shame the a newley discoverd author (Dan Brown) would makes such a false book.<br/>P.S. The star I put for the rating is for the publishers. I work for them.
 A few weeks ago, I spent all weekend read this book and was not disappointed. As a Christian, I am not offended with the story line. It is fiction after all but the facts of the story are fascinating. I thought it was well written.
 Dan Brown has made a reported US$250,000,000 from this book so far. Good for him! As a would be writer of fiction I love to see that kind of success. With the recent trial and the soon to be released movie, he'll make even more. More good for him!<br/><br/>But am I the only one who thinks the plot of this book is trite and not especially interesting, let alone believable. It is poorly written, badly paced, and frankly boring.<br/><br/>But then Dan Brown has made all that money, so there you go.
 The title is not an exaggeration. This book had me questioning everything and I've never been so interested in art or religion before this book. It's a page turner
 excellant book with beautiful photos and drawings. Makes you want to see the art in person.
 The "glue" is missing.  Good time filler.  Not his best.
 I could barely put this book down!  Dan Brown is an excellent storyteller.  He makes this very controversial topic read like an action novel.  Excellent read.
 Good
 This novel is vastly overwritten and the author has an agenda.  He gives the impression that this work is well researched and his facts about the Catholic Church and the beginnings of Catholicism are true. They are not. Too bad he didn't stick with the very clever games he has his characters play.  That's intriguing.
 I enjoyed this book.  I love a book with a fast pace. I couldn't put it down.
 The sad thing about this book is not so much that it is offensive to a religion shared by millions of people around the world, it is that the author is deluded into thinking that he actually knows something about history. The book is poorly researched, historically a joke, and purposely offensive to a huge percent of the population. The sad thing is that many ignorant people might actually believe this is historically accurate. I think the good news is that it is making people on both sides of the fence have to think about what they actually believe. If people don't believe in God, the best thing to do rather than listen to everyone's opinion, is ask God for yourself. I didn't find Jesus in church, or through people. I studied ALL the major religions with an open mind and then one day cried out "Dear REAL God, whoever You are, I want to know You!" In a period of 9 months Jesus Christ revealed Himself to me in a variety of ways, both natural and supernatural. Passages I had read in the Bible and couldn't understand  began to come alive to me and God answered all the doubts I had had about Christianity. I saw with my own eyes people that I knew get miraculously healed, and continue to see the same. If you reject Jesus or the idea that He could actually be the Son of God because of obnoxious Christians you have met, you are missing out. I left church initially because of Christians who were hypocrits. The whole point of Jesus coming to the earth was because we are ALL sinners (meaning we were all walking in disobedience to God, didn't have a relationship with Him, and were missing all the blessings He wanted to give us - plus the free gift of eternal life by receiving His Son Jesus as payment for our sins). Every other major religion says that you can get to heaven or afterlife by being good enough in your own self. Some people think any path to God is OK, but IF that's true, then God contradicts Himself, because Jesus said Himself "I am the way, the truth and the life, no one comes to the Father except through Me" - John 14:6. Christianity says that God sent His son to die in our place. The Muslim faith says basically that you have to die in a Holy War killing others to be guaranteed a place in heaven. If not, then you don't know whether or not you were good enough to get there until you die and find out. Other faiths believe in reincarnation. If that were true, then how come people aren't getting better and more loving after all these years reincarnating? If you die and return as a bug how could you possibly be a good enough bug to evolve into a better life. Maybe you could choose not to eat the food in the house of the humans. How could all these paths possibly lead to the same God? Also, don't be deceived by people who claim to be Christians. There are MANY people who say they are Christians who don't have a clue what Jesus taught, neither do they obey what He said to do. Please don't judge Jesus by humans who are all fallable. I hope that for anyone who reads this book and actually beleives the claims made, that they will take the time to examine the evidence for themselves. An excellent book to read is "The Case for Christianity" by Lee Strobel. An atheist/lawyer who set out to prove for himself beyond a shadow of a doubt that Christiantiy was false. The evidence he found was so compelling that he became a Christian, and a pastor.  I pray for peace, joy and truth for whoever reads this, in Jesus' mighty name.
 I enjoyed it.  I would recommend it.  It's fast paced reading.
 I just wanted to add my voice to the choir.  This book is marvelous.
 This books is one of the worst-written things I have ever read. The characters are cardboard, the prose is turgid, and he writes dialogue like George Lucas. He also has this bad habit of ending every chapter with a fake "cliffhanger." By the end of the book I was hoping something dire would happen to the main characters so the dratted thing would end already. Unfortunately, they live.<br/><br/>I could have lived with the author's gross mischaracterization of church history and the nature of Christianity if he could have written his way out of a paper bag.<br/><br/>The only reason I made myself finish this piece of tripe was to discuss it with people who were talking about it and have an informed opinion. Also, I had lots of free time.<br/><br/>I advise you not to waste yours.
 I love this book. It is full of twists and puzzles for you to solve. I also recommend the movie for this book!
 This is such a dull book, really, but lots of people bought it! It is great undigested pieces of information downloaded from Google and pasted together with rubbish cliche characters! And it is also very disrespectful to the Christian faith, only not even in a funny or clever way. It is a sad comment on Canada that I have seen so many people reading it in public these last years.
 Dan Brown writes that Jesus, before they crucified him, wedded and bedded Mary Magdalene.  I had to laugh!  Obviously, Mr. Brown does not know Jesus Christ.<br/><br/>Or Mary Magdalene, for that matter.  But that's okay.  Everyone else did.<br/><br/>Except, of course, Jesus.<br/><br/>Okay, Jesus, knew Mary Magdalene, but he did not "know" her.  Not in the downright biblical sense of having scored.<br/><br/>Jesus would never ... I mean, c'mon.<br/><br/>I'm not saying that Mary Magdalene wasn't attractive.  She could have had any guy in town, and often did.  Except, as I just said, Jesus.<br/><br/>Mr. Brown:  Hypothetical situation.  Put, on one door, a sign that says: "HOT XXX SEX WITH MARY MAGDALENE!!"  On the other door, write "CRUCIFIXION!"  Now put Mary Magdalene behind the first door, as naked as a billiard ball and ready for action.  Behind the other door, put Pontius Pilate and Chief Priest Caiaphas and a troop of Roman soldiers with hammer and nails and a crown of thorns, also ready for action.  Now make Jesus choose - once a day, from Good Friday until Doomsday - which one he wants.  What do you think will happen, Mr. Brown?  I'll tell you what:  nothing of interest!  Rather than disobey his heavenly Father, Jesus will choose the Crucifixion door, every time.  Trust me, Mr. Brown.  Your book is wrong.
 Admittedly I have "read" the audio version and found it to have clearly devliered on the best reviews already written.  A+
 I read this as a hardback, and when I saw it was offered with illustrations, ordered that too. I'm one of those that finds the facts revealed in this book fascinating. Whether what is revealed in this book is fabricated or truth, it's still interesting to consider and discuss with others. I like that Dan Brown set all this up within a mystery - my favorite genre - and the plot's fast pace.The beautiful illustrations are an additional bonus to what I consider one very good book.
 The Da Vinci Code, by Dan Brown, is a Must Read novel.  The characters are wonderful, the dialogue lively, and the plot, a real edge of your seat read.  A very appealing combination!<br/>John Savoy<br/>Savoy International<br/>Motion Pictures INC.<br/>Beverly Hills, California
 I've read this three times now and I love it. Everyone knows about this book now, but if you don't, it's the blurry of true history and fiction that makes this so interesting. Must read!
 I'm a fan of trashy pulp literature. I'm a fan of great books too, but trashy pulp literature certainly has it's place on my bookshelves. The Da Vinci Code however doesn't deserve the paper it was written on. Dan Brown writes like he's writing for children.
 Excellent talent misused. One day, everyone, will spend time with one or another personage - a long time...and it would be good to enjoy the company of the One or the other and I suspect the author will not be comfortable with either.
 I think the problem with the Da Vinci Code is that you cannot identify with the characters.  Although there are a lot of thrills and spills in the novel, your emotion does not go up and down that much because you do not really care about the hero and heroine.  Dan Brown does not bring his characters to life in readers' minds.
 Brown manages to turn beautiful artwork into something different.  He suggests that there are hidden messages and unsolved mysteries behind the works of Leonardo Da Vinci.<br/><br/>  Dan Brown's book, The Da Vinci Code, is deserving of a four-star rating, because he begins the book with quite a few suspenseful moments, and keeps the reader's attention.  He also raises many interesting questions about Da Vinci and the Bible.  There have been several newspaper articles, reviews, and even television shows, such as Dateline, that have discussed this book.<br/><br/>  The story is very interesting.  Robert Langdon, a notable symbolist, and Sophie Neveu, a cryptologist are trying to solve the murder of a much respected curator at the Louvre.  Before the curator died, he left random clues to a secret that only he knew, a secret that he did not want to die with him.  Now, Robert and Sophie must race against time and the police, while solving the puzzle.  If they are too late the secret will fall into the wrong hands.<br/><br/>  The book starts out well, but throughout the course of the story Brown tends to get carried away and seems to lose the interest of the reader with several confusing plot twists.  The end is also very boring.  With the way the story is built up, one would expect a more climatic ending.<br/><br/>  This book remains a best seller almost two years after it was published.  Brown raises some controversial questions regarding the Catholic Church and the Bible.  Steven Spielberg is going to direct the movie and it will be interesting to see how it is portrayed on the big screen.
 Poorly written with preposterous allegations and trails.  Dan Brown is not a great story teller. Only for new and unsophisticated readers. Did not finish book but will probably see movie as two hours and a few dollars may be worth the entertainment as oppossed to a 12 hour read!
 this book is really full of suspense that it's hard to stop reading. the pictures are great to reference while reading!
 The writing itself wouldn't neccessarily wow me, but the plot and thought-stimulating presentation of logical and symbolic puzzles had me absolutely addicted. I hadn't heard anything about it before reading it, so if you're likely to judge something in comparison to its hype-factor it may skew things. I do however recommend it for people that are open minded critical thinkers that enjoy logic, puzzles, and the blending of ideas from what are usually well bordered disciplines such as philosophy, religion, and science/math.  It does this while slowly unraveling a mystery heavily involving historical religion and symbology as well as the storyline of  modern day characters involved in intrigue and adventure.  If this appeals to you or if you love good fictional conspiracy theory mysteries (like watching X-Files or Lost, for you TV viewers out there) then I highly recommend the book.<br/><br/>If you can't suspend your disbelief, take fiction as just fiction, or are offended by any type of fictional ideas that may at all conflict with/question your own religious and historical beliefs, stay away. For those more concerned with critical analysis of writing style over the details of what you conjure up in your head while reading, your mileage may vary.<br/><br/>I've put the hard-cover and the audio CD versions through their paces.  The only qualm I had was the audio reader's voice.  I felt his voice was too high across the range of characters and that the differentiation in voices was far too drastic.  He also over-annunciated certain things, especially the French terms and names.  Overall it almost felt like being a little kid and having a children's book read to you by a eunuch.  Okay, that's an exaggeration, but the voice does take some getting used to.
 I'm sorry, I read this book through all the way, just because there was so much hype around it.  I was SOOOOOO dissappointed.  The characters are shallowly portrayed (with the exception of maybe Silas) and their full potential is never explored satisfyingly.  The story was really quite lackluster, I wasn't half as intrigued by all the artistic and historical references as I wish (or should) have been.  The author's obvious intention was to have this turned into a movie, so he could make loads and loads and loads of money...All in all, it really isn't that great a piece of literature, and I'm sorry I wasted my time and money on it.<br/><br/>Despite all the positive reviews, the thing is obviously a carefully crafted cash cow (which so far, seems to be working for Mr. Dan Brown) which bases its premise in creating controversy.<br/><br/>Not to mention that it's just a rewritten Angels and Demons (at least from what I've heard).<br/><br/>So, if you feel like feeding the corporate giants on a piece of crappy revisionist history, feel free to purchase this book.<br/><br/>Or, if you're an intelligent person who enjoys stimulating reads, look elsewhere, because this isn't even worth the time for the "controversy" it creates.  You want controversy?  Read Palahniuk.
 First, I won't bore you with my interpretation of the plot and story outline.  I often wonder why other reviewers choose to waste so much reader time with their psuedo-intellectual summaries, that can easily be found in editorial reviews, or even the jacket flap.  But I digress.<br/><br/>Every so often someone creates something that causes a cultural upheaval.  Dan Brown has done it with The DaVinci Code.  Fortunately for Dan, he learned much from the writers of the Bible, whom he accuses of tilting events to suit the wiles of royalty.  He is no doubt laughing all the way to the bank.  No wonder he looks so smug.  But to the book...<br/><br/>Overall, The DaVini Code is a well-written, fast-paced murder mystery.  Like his other books, Brown shows a flair for plot, character, setting, and action, and he does not disappoint here.  I am a big fan of Ludlum, and I often see many plot devices in use by Brown so popularized by Ludlum.  Every scene bursts with tension, and the reader stays hooked to the bitter end.<br/><br/>If you are a fan of Allan Folsom, Robert Ludlum, Daniel Silva, or simply enjoy a great psychological thriller, read this book.  You owe it to yourself to at least find out what the hype is about. I give it one star because it simply does not merit all of the attention it has received.  Is it worth the hype?  You decide...
 Dan Brown Da Vinci Code is a book based on the Gnostic Pagan work not the Bible. Dan falsely claim it to be from the Bible, misleading millions. Dan uses the Gnostic Gospel's were named after known bible characters to justify "Gnostic" doctrines<br/>:Gnostic works contradicted the Both Old and New Testament scriptures...The God of the Old Testament was viewed as an evil demon and the serpent as good.<br/>:Gnostic works were not connected to the Apostles...but battled their teachings<br/>:Gnostic works quoted from the scriptures to weave in their doctrines...but the scriptures do not quote from Gnostic works.<br/><br/>The Gnostic took Christian names and terms and rebuilt Greek paganism.<br/><br/>:The God of the Old Testament was a God of the Jews and a low level evil angel who trapped mankind in a physical body. They called him,  "The Blind one", "Demiurge" the lesser power.<br/>:Jesus came to deliver "Gnosis" knowledge from the "All-Father" the unknown God.<br/>:Christ did not die on the Cross, but only a phantom.<br/><br/>Is the Da Vinci Code  the book accurate?<br/><br/>The Book is filled with historical and factual errors. Here are just a few to make the point.  If this book is wrong on such minor points why would anybody trust it for eternal issues?<br/><br/>  Brown's Error: The book claims there are 666 panes of glass on the pyramid outside the Louvre.  The Museum says there are 673.  (Page 21)<br/><br/>  Brown's Error: The book claims the Olympics were held for Venus in 8-year cycles but they were actually held for Zeus in 4-year cycles.  (Page 36)<br/><br/>  Brown's Error: Mona Lisa is an androgynous portrait representing the fusing of male and Female (Page 120)<br/><br/>  However, Mona Lisa is a young Florentine woman who in 1495 married the well-known figure, Francesco del Giocondo, and thus came to be known as ``La Gioconda'`.  This is confirmed by the discovery of documentation in Florence, Italy archives.  She had five children and two became nuns.<br/><br/>  Brown's Error: Sir Isaac Newton was a secret "Goddess Worshipper".  Yet it is well known that he was a devout Christian ...who wrote a commentary on the book of Daniel and Revelation and calculated the physical return of Christ between the years 2000 and 2050<br/><br/>  Brown's Error:  The Dead Sea Scrolls were found in the 1950's and included the Gospels.  History clearly show that these scrolls were found in 1948 and there were no Gospels found there.<br/><br/>  Brown's Error: The Gnostic Gospel, The Gospel of Philip was not written in Aramaic as the  Da Vinci Code implies but in Coptic, translated from Greek. (Page 246)<br/>-------<br/><br/>Mary Magdalene was part of a group of women who were followers of Christ along with the disciples.  She was a witness to his resurrection and healing but nowhere in the Gospels is any marriage even hinted at in the slightest.  Jesus healed Mary Magdalene of demonic possession, the idea that Mary was the harlot of Luke 7:36-50 is only made because Mary Magdalene is mentioned in Luke chapter 8, following the story of the adulterous women in Luke 7:36-50.<br/><br/>  But the adulterous women of Luke 7 is not noted for demonic possession, but for adultery, she is told, "Go and sin no more", there is no mention of demonic possession, therefore Mary Magdalene is not the same women.<br/><br/>  Mary was just part of a group that followed Jesus and witnessed his works, death  and resurrection.
 A hyped-up novel<br/><br/>Is it as good as they say?<br/><br/>Not quite, but not bad
 Don't miss out on this book, one of the best I read this past year.....
 This book was both entertaining and informative and I strongly recommend it to anyone who is literate!!
 'Renowned curator Jacques Saunière staggered through the vaulted archway of the museum's Grand Gallery. He lunged for the nearest painting he could see, a Caravaggio. Grabbing the gilded frame, the seventy-six-year-old man heaved the masterpiece toward himself until it tore from the wall and Saunière collapsed backward in a heap beneath the canvas. A voice spoke, chillingly close. "Do not move." On his hands and knees, the curator froze, turning his head slowly. Only fifteen feet away, outside the sealed gate, the mountainous silhouette of his attacker stared through the iron bars. He was broad and tall, with ghost-pale skin and thinning white hair. His irises were pink with dark red pupils.'<br/><br/>Rubbish, plain as day. The stuff of Harlequin Romance 'novels', or Shades of Grey fan-fiction. Dreadful, dreadful writing.<br/><br/>If you do not agree, see nothing of this 'prose' to give you pause, dig E.L.James, please dis-regard this non-review, order the book, and 'enjoy'.<br/><br/>Otherwise, steer clear.
 This is the best thriller I've read in years.  Dan Brown presented a fascinating idea in a quick paced plot.  I can't wait to read the earlier books on this subject.
 I couldn't stop reading it since I was caught by the each time more interesting way Dan reveals Jesus' related history secrets and misunderstandings...
 Look in the dictionary under the definition of great writing; this book is it.
 I'm not big into fictional books but this one is a must read. I finally caved in after everyone and their momma told me to read it. I didn't regret it.
 Brown's "fiction" is based upon an earlier bestseller entitled:<br/><br/>Holy Blood and the Holy Grail by Micheal Baigent, Richard Leigh and Henry Lincoln. copyright 1982. Corgi Publishers, Great Britain. ISBN: 0-552-12138-X<br/><br/>DaVinci was only one of the leaders of the Priory of Sion and this ORIGINAL researched information lists the entire order of the leaders right up to the present day and even shows a picture of the current living descendant of Jesus.
 Come on, people!  This is the masterpiece that's set the publishing world on its ear?  The research is shoddy, the characters are totally flat, and the story limps along like a club footed cow.  It would be impossible to put spoilers in this review, as the entire plot was as transparent as a Scooby Doo episode.  The only amazing thing about this novel is the fact that so many people love it.  Don't ask me why.
 Last year, all my friends read the book and told me to do the same. I figured it was just an overrated novel, and didn't. Now that the movie is coming out, I got a copy really cheap and WOW! I read the book in just four days, really couldn't put it down! If you didn't, you really have to read this book! specially with the movie coming out, it's nice to be able to compare how the story will transfer to the big screen!
 Great story, very entertaining.  I could not put this book down, it really sucks you in till the end.
 Simply a fantastic fiction masterpiece!!! Every chapter will make you want to read more and more, traying to decifer each clue and code with Langdon and Sophie. You won't get bored, not even a minute!
 The novel was a badly-researched and badly-written third-rate airport thriller.  This illustrated edition is an expensive and attractive badly-researched and badly-written third-rate airport thriller.<br/><br/>For tru-fans only.
 I own the book. Bought it 3 months after it was released thanks to the extreme media fervour. It seemed this one the book that did no wrong.. the perfect book.. plot-wise, fantasticlly merging fact with fiction. And supposedly based on true facts!<br/><br/>In reality the book couldn't -despite my best efforts- keep me engrossed past the 100th page. The so-called facts are completely conspiracy based and left me feeling hollow- like I'd taken a big bite of air.<br/><br/>I really do not understand the interest it generated. Was it because it 'claimed' to be based on factual dark secrets of the Catholic Church?<br/><br/>If there was a 1/2 star rating, I'd have given it that.
 This book has had much hype, but it is an interesting read no matter what your religious beliefs.  Much intrigue and wondering.
 This book was a waste of an acre of trees!  This book was fragmented, and a waste of reading.  By the time you figure out why people are being killed you want to throw the book out!  I returned the book after reading it twice, all the way to the end!  The storyline stinks and if you want an EXCELLENT read, by something by Stephen King or Michael Crichton, even Anne Rice!  Do NOT WASTE your money on this book!
 Oh My God...DESS!!!!<br/> Richard N. Ostling DID NOT finish this book before reading it...fact.<br/> Webster Baker
 The movie was good but the book is great! I love that its just different enough to keep you engaged.
 EXCELLENT BOOK. THE PICTURES HELPED UNDERSTAND THE SYMBLOLISM DISCUSSED IN THE BOOK
 Saved me hours of googling.  Looks like a textbook but reads like a novel.
 What a waste of my money. Worse book I ever bought.
 A book filled with great information! The plot is simply designed to parcel out all of this fascinating stuff!
 I couldn't put this book down, i wanted to find out what would happen next. good read.
 It is a good thriller - I am awaiting the film as well.
 This is a great novel-period! It's fiction, and meant to be fiction. Forget about all the hype about it being anti-Christian or being an attempt at revising truth. It's a fast paced novel with an intriguing story line-and FICTION at its best. A must read bestseller for four years. There's a reason for that.
 I loved this book. I'd purchased it some time ago and was the middle of reading another novel. So I loaned it to my daughter to read first. Then she loaned it to someone else. Next thing I know, I've purchased Angels and Demons and I'm reading it first. After I'd finished reading Angels and Demons, I immediately got in touch with my daughter and told her to get The Da Vinci Code back for me to read. Well, I just finished reading it...non-stop...and I hold the highest of respect and praise for Dan Brown as an excellent writer. After reading the book, I almost knew there would be a great many book reviews because of the book's subject matter and plot. Let's face it, any time an author writes about religion or politics, he's in for the scalding of a lifetime if his story touchs a nerve. Brown no doubt has touched nerves, and it isn't about how he writes because there's no doubt he's a very talented writer. It's more about the subject he picks to write about. I've never seen it fail, you get someone to make a comment about someone else's religion or politics, and you'll get a hot response every time. They aren't really seeing the story but only the subject matter. It's sort of like not seeing the forest for the trees. This is the second book I've read in the last three days for Dan Brown, and now I'm on my way to the bookstore to buy another one of his novels. I can't wait for his next novel.  I can't wait to see this book made into a motion picture either.  You go, Dan. ;-)
 a much better book though is eco's "foucalt's pendulum".
 I was surprised that the production of this audiobook was so bad, considering the mega-selling status of the book.  Only one person does all of the voices, which wouldn't be too bad, but for the fact that the narrator's French accents are straight out of Pepe Le Peau and Inspector Closeau. The male voices are low and guttural and the "female" voices are high pitched and cartoonish.  The result is unintentionally laughable.  What were they thinking when they heard the playback? Although the plot and prose are rather contrived, it does make for a good listen on a long trip.
 obviously, this isn't a brilliant artistic work. but in my opinion, the da vinci code deserves some respect for it's entertainment value.  it's a nice change of pace.
 this book was my favorite book evr from the frst chapter all the way through the end. worth the price definitely!!!!!!!
 This book by Dan Brown has clearly got to be the most atrocious jumble of fabrications and bias against Christianity I've ever read. I despised having to give it a quality rating (for its worth) of even 1, seeing as there no rating for 0. First of all, Dan Brown claims that there is a secret society, named the Priory of Sion, which he also claims was led by well-known people like Da Vinci, Newton, and Victor Hugo. Except that what Dan Brown really did was mix a bunch of famous names together into a secret society that they were not a part of. The horrible fabrications of fact made me lose my respect for it and more than once I was fuming with with the blatantly twistedness of the information.
 This book to be honest was boring at frist but got better as i read onward. I like that plot,it made me think. Other than being sometimes a dry read it was a good book. The subject of this book I would think would be a big topic of disscotion. i learned several things.
 The Da Vinci  Code is author Dan Brown's alternative history or silly attempt to establish a neo-pagan religion with Jesus an Hippie-in-Chief, worshipping his girlfriend Mary Magdalene while his jealous buddies, the apostles, gripe about her like Beatles resentful of Yoko Ono.<br/><br/>This (hold up book) is the Da Vinci Code. I got it paperback for $5.00 at Wal-Mart. I can tell you now, it's vastly overpriced. This book gives Christians on the fence an excuse for not following Jesus. Defenders say, "Lighten up, it's just a novel! And besides, it's all true." That is self-contradictory, and besides, it's not all true. The Da Vinci Code claims are easily disproved, but the average American doesn't have the background in the Bible, early Church History or religious symbolism to separate truth from falsehood.<br/><br/>Let's take the idea of a marriage between Jesus and Mary Magdalene and the factoid that Jesus founded a royal bloodline. Brown cannot make up his mind about the basis of his claim. It's "THE" gigantic secret of the ages that the Catholic Church has suppressed through murder and intrigue for 2,000 years. But it's also "common knowledge" to serious scholars that anyone with eyes can see. Despite the Roman Church out to murder anyone who let out the secret, Leonardo was busily telling the world through cleverly encoded artwork painted on the walls of Catholic Churches. It's this self-contradictory notion that serves as the underlying interest of the book.<br/><br/>Let me tell you something about all those pseudo-scholars in the Da Vinci Code. I dare anyone to go to a major university, especially an Ivy League one and find someone in the religious department who actually believes in the existence of God!<br/><br/>We live in an age that prizes "spirituality"-an amorphous New Age benevolence that affirms us in our "okay ness." But though we love spirituality, we loathe religion and the thought of a transcendent Father God who might bother us with commands, "thou shalt nots" and sin. And finally, we live in a post-Watergate age of The X Files, where vast conspiracies by sinister organizations are widely credited with little critical thought. That's what The Da Vinci Code tries to sell us- a new "real Jesus" with an active sex life who is all about sacred feminine paganism with its duality of god and goddess, and who naturally is hushed up by the big, bad Church whose God is typically spoken of using the scary pronoun "He."<br/><br/>Author Dan Brown sees the "sacred feminine" as a kind of religious affirmative action program so that we can add a few goddesses to the starting lineup of gods. Gods and goddesses are not God. They are our bad crayon drawings of God. Far and away the easiest creature to worship are the ones we invent ourselves, because it's very easy to adore the work of our hands and to create "gods" who tell us what we want to hear rather than the truth.<br/><br/>Now let's get to the Dan Brown facts that are not facts. There's similarities between the pagan God Mithras and Christ. What Brown doesn't tell you is there's no record of Mithras as a popular cult throughout the Roman Empire until after the establishment of Christianity. So who borrowed from whom? Christianity came first!<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code says the Dead Sea scrolls and Nag Hammadi scrolls are the earliest Christian writings. The Dead Sea scrolls make no mention of Jesus or Christianity. They are entirely Jewish texts. The Nag Hammadi scrolls, scholars believe, were written between the 3rd and 4th centuries AD, although a few texts may date to 150 AD. The New Testament was written in the 1st century, and Paul's letters to the Thessalonians is dated to the 50's AD, over 100 years before Na Hammadi. So much for Brown's "Earliest Christian writings."<br/><br/>Brown says there are only 12 cups on The Last Supper painting table and the missing 13th cup is the "Grail" that bore Jesus' blood-which is the womb of Mary Magdalene, who's pregnant with Jesus' child and standing beside him. First, there are 13 cups corresponding to Jesus and the 12 Disciples. Brown was hoping you wouldn't count them. That is not Mary Magdalene next to Jesus, but the apostle John, traditionally  the youngest of the apostles and portrayed in many artworks as feminine and beardless.<br/><br/>Then there's the Opus Dei "monastery." There are no monks in Opus Dei-the majority of its members are lay people. So in addition to the inanity of being an albino(!) assassin (now there's somebody who will blend right in and go unnoticed as he carries out his campaign of murder for the Roman Catholic Church), this albino assassin Silas is saddled with the role of being a "monk" in a Catholic organization, Opus Dei, that has no monks!<br/><br/>What about the hero of the book, Langdon, being a professor of symbology at Harvard University? Harvard has no department of symbology.<br/><br/>Brown keeps calling the great Renaissance artist "Da Vinci" as in "The Da Vinci Code." True scholars know Leonardo Da Vinci as Leonardo because Da Vinci is where Leonardo lived. You call Jesus "Jesus" not "of Nazareth" and you don't call Francis of Assisi "Assisi" because that's where he lived. This blunder of calling Leonardo by "Da Vinci" is a dead giveaway of the shoddy scholarship to follow.<br/><br/>The Gnostic Gospel of Phillip calls Mary Magdalene the companion of Jesus and the Da Vinci Code says the word companion in Aramaic means spouse. What they don't tell you is that the Gnostic Gospel of Phillip wasn't written in Aramaic, it was written in Coptic Egyptian and the word means something different.<br/><br/>I'll wrap things up with the most famous painting in the Louvre Museum, the Mona Lisa. Brown says the Mona Lisa is really religious, being an anagram of the pagan god Amon and his consort Isis. This sounds ingenious, but for the fact that Leonardo Da Vinci never called the painting the Mona Lisa. He called it "La Gioconda." The title Mona Lisa comes from Vasari's biography of the painter, published 31 years after Leonardo's death. Mona is a common Italian contraction of Madonna meaning "my lady," so the title means "My Lady Lisa," in this cases the wife of wealthy Florentine businessman Francesco del Giocondo. As the old  saying goes, when people don't believe in God, they don't believe in nothing-they believe in anything!<br/><br/>There's a boatload of other inconsistencies and bald-faced lies enshrined in the Da Vinci Code. But whether or not you enjoy The Da Vinci Code's portrayal of the whole Christian religion as the cover-up for a naughty little sexual affair between a dead rabbi and his girlfriend, I personally take comfort in Jesus' words as recorded in the Gospel of John:<br/><br/>My sheep know my voice and they follow me. A stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him, for they know not the voice of strangers.
 Really makes you think! Did this happen? Could something like this have happened??<br/><br/>This is a very thought provoking book!<br/><br/>I recently read Murder in New England &amp; Closing the Circle and found this to be very good too. I recommend them both.
 This book was recommended to my by my good friend, John Casablancas, the singer of The Strokes.
 Outstanding mystery with plenty of twists and turns. Very fast moving. I tried to read this as a mystery, but it does offer some religious food for thought.<br/><br/>Very Enjoyable.
  ...]<br/><br/>This book is Groovy, dude! It's Fo' Shizzle man. It's about this idiot Harvard Professor who makes up a whole bunch of junk about Jesus and stuff. He thinks that Davinci is gay (probably because he is gay), and he thinks Jesus was married to Mary Magdalene, even though the Bible never says anything to suggest that. Wow! He was obviously smokin' somethin' weird. But that's not the half of it. He thinks that the Holy Grail is Jesus' bloodline! WOW! I've got just one question for him. Have you ever seen "Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade"? Honestly man, Indiana clearly finds the Holy Grail in that. It wasn't even a person; it was a wooden cup thingy! I don't think there could be another Holy Grail, or Indy would have found that one too. This book also has a really contrived story and a forced ending. I think that the author was probably a crazy retard, and wanted to spout his crazy, ludicrous views in a way that non-crazy people could understand. You HAVE to buy this book, it's super fantastic!
 After much hype and many people telling me what a deep and interesting book this is, I was ready for a wonderful read. Instead I found a silly mystery that could be solved by my cat, insipid and vapid chacter development and a title some editor came up with to sell the book. Don't even bother.
 Brown's purpose, an intellectual demonizing of Christianity, avoids direct confrontation of scripture, rather he cowardly chooses to use the ancient institution of the Roman Catholic church as his stand-up substitute, then fails to state "facts" truthfully, all the while hiding behind the fiction genre.  Poorly developed, weakly entertaining, intellectually both maddening and disgusting.
 A fascinating murder mystery where the victim has left important clues to those who remain alive. Only Robert Langdon, an expert on the Holy Grail, can help solve the multiple riddles of curator Jacques Sauniere. The reader will be captivated by the suspense and intrigue of this story. It is hard to put the book down until you come to the end. Overall, it was a brilliant book and I enjoyed the twists and turns of the story line, but felt that the book's theme was sacrilegious.
 I just channelled Mary Magdalene and she sent me a secret message: Unscramble the so-called "title" of this book and you'll get the REAL title...<br/>THE DAVINCI CODE<br/>DAN ETHIC VOICED<br/>Coincidence or conspiracy? You be the judge!
 Listened to this book on CD during a great road trip - fantastic book, never boring, highly recommend!
 I loved this book. It was a great read. I couldn't stop reading it. It was fabulously suspenseful.
 Great book, very provocative. It held my interest from begginig to end.
 Mr Brown, No train for Lille departs from Gare St Lazare!!!!<br/>Check your sources: It should have been Gare du Nord.<br/>Details matter in Fiction too.
 Because of the hype and the amount of people who loved The DaVinci Code, I decided that I had to read it -- I needed to see what all the fuss was about.<br/><br/>I would be lying if I said that this book wasn't hard to put down, because it definately was gripping.  This is why I gave it 3 stars.  However, his writing was far from up to par.  My favorite authors are people like Tom Wolfe and other intelligent FSG writers who know how to tell a story but also manage to write really well.  Brown really needs to work on this.  I also felt like at times he was just pulling facts out of a hat and throwing them at the reader, maybe to show off, but who knows?<br/><br/>This is a good book for an airplane ride, or a vacation where you want something light and enjoyable.  Look for nothing else in this book.
 THIS BOOK WAS SO HORRIBLE I CALLED MY MOM UP AND ASKED HER TO SEE IF IT WAS REAL AND IF IT WAS, THAT I WAS GOING TO HIDE FOREVER. THIS BOOK IS OBVIOUSLY THE MOST OVERRATED NOVEL EVER WRITTEN. YOU PEOPLE SHOULD BE ASHAMED. I COULD'VE SPENT THE 26 DOLLARS ON SOMETHING MUCH BETTER, LIKE A MAKESHIFT CATTLE PROD. IN FACT, I RETURNED ALL 5,621 COPIES I BOUGHT AND BOUGHT SOME BACK TO BURN THEM. I AM DISGUSTED AT THIS NOVEL. YOU KNOW THAT THING ABOUT IF YOU SET MONKEYS IN A ROOM WITH TYPEWRITERS FOR A THOUSAND YEARS, THEY'D WRITE THE ENTIRE WORKS OF SHAKESPEARE? WELL, THEY'D WRITE THE DA VINCI CODE IN 3 MINUTES! I MEAN, IT'S SOOO PREDICTABLE! YOU KNOW THAT JESUS ENDS UP IN FRANCE, WHICH BY THE WAY, IS A STUPID ENDING. I SPIT UPON IT! I NEED TO TAKE A BREATHER, I'M GETTING ALL WORKED UP. MAYBE SOME BADMINTON WILL CHEER ME UP. NO!! THE BOOK IS TOO HORRIBLE, EVEN FOR BADMINTON TO CHEER ME UP!! AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!Q
 If you love Dan Brown you will love this book.  The pictures really bring a new understanding to the book.
 I'm not a big book person, but I love this book it is a must read.
 I read this book solely because it is a cultural phenomenon, and I believe one should keep abreast of what is happening in one's culture. Recently however, the New York Times amusingly and accurately referred to 'The DaVinci Code' as "Dan Brown's best-selling primer on how not to write an English sentence". This is not great literature. It is also not an original or particularly interesting story. Anyone who has ever seen the movie 'The Last Temptation of Christ' is familiar with the supposedly 'controversial' idea that Christ was married to Mary Magdalen and they had children. In fact, there wasn't a single idea in this book that I hadn't already encountered elsewhere. I don't understand why people are getting their knickers in a twist over a rather poorly written mystery novel with an unoriginal religion-based plot with thin, stereotypical characters. Anyone's whose faith is in any way compromised by this book is an idiot. And to all those people trying to have it banned or those who are uttering threats because of the release of the movie I have this to say - Christian religious fanatics threatening violence and calling for censorship are no better than any other type of religious fanatic threatening violence and calling for censorship.
 It does give me a chuckle to know the Vatican has been and will continue to stop any and all attempts to let truth be known.<br/><br/>Today, I saw a short novel written by a couple theologians trying to refute claims and assertians made by Mr. Brown.<br/><br/>What they cannot refute or choose to ignore is that the Catholic church led by the Vatican, is one of the most corrupt institutions to ever be created. The church has stamped out any version of the truth that curch does not believe in, the Gnostic gospels, murdered unbelievers, stolen billions of dollars etc.<br/><br/>Not to mention the massive amounts of homosexual priests taking over the church, declining church attendance and now the new pope who soem thought would be conservative as pope john paul is turning out to be liberal.<br/><br/>Why?<br/><br/>Because in today's modern society the church is not important anymore and the church will now become more liberal in order to gain more followers.<br/><br/>This cave-in to modern societal whims singals the end of the catholic church as we know it.<br/><br/>As for Dan Brwon's novel....<br/><br/>...read it<br/><br/>Why is the Vatican worried about one little book?
 While the book's plot and characters are well-developed, Brown's "research" is selective, and--in several instances--incorrect.  Caveat emptor.
 I see what people liked in the book, but the hype is too much....I love the history and religious aspects, the chase scenes were o.k......can the movie go into enough detail, I doubt it....I like angels and demons better.....This book is a good, quick read, but I guess it cannot live up to the hype....
 It's very hard to put this book down once you read it. I think the story line for first 3/4 of the book was amazing and suspenseful. But the last 1/4 was totally deflated and the ending was quite crappy. A good reflection on art, symbols, and the hidden meaning as well as christianity.
 I thought that the story started out slow but got moving along very quickly and found I coundn't put the book down.
 Simply great... Even better than Katherine Neville!!! A must!
 I really enjoyed reading this book.  It has sparked a lot of discussion about the church, Jesus, and I feel more importantly the female role in the world.  What ever your feelings about those issues I think this is a great read.  I do not think anyone could figure out his clues for Sophie and Robert - but no book is perfect.
 I had heard alot of positive and negative reaction toward The Da Vinci Code, so I never bother to read it until the theology war was getting out of control and boycotting around.  Myself, devout Christian so I gave up and went to library to read the new edition (new cover) of The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown...as I read it became very addictable filled with many mysterious and suspene as I really ENJOYED it alot until the character Robert Langdon and Sophia Neveu came into serious dialogue with Sir Leigh Teabeg regard Lord's last supper involving the Mary the Magladene being married to Jesus was FULL of jokes!  I dont appreciate how Dan Brown put such as misleading doctrine on Holy Grail based on Jesus Christ our true Lord and Mary the Magladene.  I am finally able to understood why it is upsetting Protestant and Catholic seriously, I do respect Dan Brown for his creative of storyline style but I dont appreciate how Dan Brown put misleading about Jesus Christ.  It is very deeply disappointed but I strongly urge anyone who have strong faith as Christian to read this book to help understand the hersey doctrine better in order to decode and break the Da Vinci Code better!
 If anyone believes that what they're reading in this book is truth, I would ask you to contact me, as I have some great swamp land in Arizona for sale. Virtually everything that Dan Brown claims is "factual" is so wrong it's ludicrous, and what he actually gets right you would have to say, "So what?" Read it as pure fiction, and it's merely in bad taste. Read it as "truth" and you've been conned by a great con artist who couldn't take the time to check his historical facts to see if they were actually true. The story is okay, but it is one long chase scene, and Dan Brown is clearly no Robert Ludlum. This book is great for those who like to be duped. If you'd prefer to read historical novels that are faithful to historical facts, pick up a book by Paul L. Maier. They are excellent! Forget this book. You can do better.
 I picked this book up a few months ago and was really impressed on how intriging the story line was.  Dan Brown wrote a wonderful masterpiece that everyone should read at least once.
 I bought this audiobook because I had heard so much hype about the book and the controversy.  I have two small children so I didn't have time to sit and read it but got to listen to it during my commute to and from work.  I have to say, there were some parts that made my knuckles turn white on the steering wheel because it was pretty intense.  And, a couple of times I had to sit in my car before going into work just because I had to find out what happened next.  I enjoyed the story, knowing that it is just a story.  Just my two cents.
 This book should NOT be in the "Christian" category.  I could not be any farther away from Christianity than any other book I know.  It breeds doubt in the truth of what Jesus did for us. Please remove it from this category.
 Terribly written, with a plot twist shoved in at every opportunity,<br/><br/>lots of long winded flash-backs that make you forget about what's actually hapening in the story, no character development, and the relationship between Langdon and Sophie is handled terribly. I'm sixteen now, and was fifteen when i read it, and still i found it unsophisticated and boring. The only positive i have to say about this book is that it made some interesting points. It would have been better written as an essay, because the plot is little more than a distraction. If you read this book, don't pay money for it. Borrow it from a friend or something.
 I finally succumbed to the will of friends and read this garbage. While at times quite the page-turner -- in a formulaic, manipulative way -- the superficial treatments of the "great mysteries of the ages" dismantle the whole premise. I'm certainly no cryptographer as the hero is renowned to be, but I was figuring out the "clues" long before any of the characters were. And the argument that the Bible was a matriarchial text before King James got his hands on it is an old one, so nothing learned there.
 The only reason it has one star is beacuse I am technologically incapable of giving it zero stars. I hate this book with every fibre of my being.
 When this book was touted to me by so many of my people and clients, ( I am a professional Astrologer, and have a degree in Greek and roman Archaeology) I was first replused by the incorrect use of the name of the great Leonardo Da Vinci.  He is always referred to as "Leonardo" and never, never by scholars or historians by his surname.  This showed me in the title alone, that the author was no scholar, or even one who knew the basic tenets of culture, art history, or correct writing practices.<br/><br/>Secondly, upon reading the  book, it was poorly, very sloppily written.  This also rates it in the lowest comparison to the superb and fascinatingly executed, "Holy Blood, Holy Grail"<br/><br/>Thirdly, Mr Brown's lack of reference to the above mentioned treatise was unforgivable.  I found the Da Vinci Code to be a travesity from begiining to end.  The impact it had on the public was most interesting, though, showing once again, that a vulgar parable on a great work, is all that the masses can absorb.  It is quite conceivable that "Holy Blood Holy Grail" would be far too advanced in scholarly richness, dense and thorough history, and esoteric knowledge of the early church to appeal to conteporary readers.  The only star I would give to the DVC is that its truth, albiet stolen truth, has penetrated the hunger that the world does have for real information.<br/><br/>I am quite intriged by the current London trial accusing Dan Brown of much of what I have said here, and for the past four years.  He owes everything to the authors of "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" and should pay much to them for the exhausting amount of research and pain they suffered in the making of their book. Finally, D Brown should apologize for the vile ineptitude of his writing.  All who have fallen for this story should apologize to Mary herself for using a tabloid like DVC to find out her legacy.
 Despite the fact that I ve seen the film before readinf the book, I have to say that I quite enjoyed reading it.
 As an author of books, I hope that 4,000 years from now someone does not find one of my fiction novels and relate to it as gospel. I write for the enjoyment of others and to fulfill a self talent. Fiction should never be confused with facts nor should anyone assume that anything is factual unless proven to be so by the originator (author). There is nothing new under the sun, writers wrote for the glory of writing and artist for the pleasure of painting. This has happened for many years as it happens today. It should never be assumed that past findings are fact and we should not place more emphasis on the findings from many decades by assuming any purpose behind it. Why would anyone try to depict the purpose of a painting or reasoning of ones that have passed away so long ago? If that be the case, if polar bears become extinct as scientist are attesting may happen, and 4,000 years from now one finds a picture of a polar bear, should they assume it was a human being in early formation? As an artist, my art work is to be enjoyed and 4,000 years from now I hope if one looks upon it they see my abilities and not some code. However, nothing is new under the sun and I am sure there will be those that will equate a simple book as a missing part of the Bible and a sincere painting of perhaps one of my children as a code. Perhaps Judas was angry and wrote blasphemies to gain acceptance. Perhaps DaVinci was merely painting pictures for his own enjoyments and to display his talents. What ever their reasons does not justify our current explanations that we're giving. Artist and writers never know how the future will explain their work when they pass on, I only hope we don't do them injustice by assuming their entent. Imaginations are good until they become irrational, we need to remain focused on determining truth, fiction, art, and not lean on assumptions that may be false.<br/><br/>Views of Author and Artist
 I gave it a star as there isn't a 'no star' option.<br/>Forget the supposedly "controversial" content and concentrate on the quality of writing and story structure. Mr Brown writes for an immature teenage audience. The cast are poor caricatures in a badly directed play without a real plot. The scenes are pure fantasy and I just get the feeling that Dan Brown is writing to order. He may well have talent (he can fill the pages) but I won't believe it is beyond the mundane, publisher prompted airport level, until he can write something with the detail and depth of Frederick Forsyth, say. Forsyth is no master either but I think his writing comes from experience and the heart rather than overdone research and editorial interference.<br/>I read the first couple of chapters and couldn't wait to put it down. The plot was weak, the writing poor and the detail pompous and overblown.
 It's a thought provoking book with a great plot.  I would highly recommend it to everybody.
 If you consider yourself a practicing Catholic this book should not be on your read list.  An author with an axe to grind against the Church uses this fictional story to push a feminist, modernist, anti-clerical agenda.  As usual the Catholic hating media has picked up on this book as some great piece of literature with new ideas.  Same old heresies and grumblings against the church, just packaged in a different way.  Save your time, money, and even your Soul skip this book and wait for Mel Gibson's movie.
 This was again, another situation where the book was a lot better than the movie.  So much important detail is left out of the movie, it probably would have been betterto go 3 or 4 hours like titanic. Book was a very good thriller.
 I read this book almost 3 years ago! and was great! Since then I have read it two more times and saw the movie.  The movie was good but the book so much better!
 First thing for all the praise it receives it's a pile of nonesense." The church is against women,the church is chauvinist,cry me a river.. that is such a lie! I am a woman in the church and I am taken seriously and respected as much as the men in the church. This pile of nonesense is a joke and doesn't even have anything to back up these supposed truths. If you really want some real facts don't look at this book. For all the hype, I think I need a real adaquate reason to recommend this book to anyone for this work they call great. A horrible book that should be discarded!!!
 A mondern classic...the buzz on this one is on the money...The twist and turns in this novel will keep you turning the pages and when your done reading the novel the story itself will never really end for you.
 Leonardo Da Vinci hated  the Church and anything to do  with  Christianity.  The reason being that he lived an immoral  life and hated any institution that could condemn his immorality.  Da Vinci tried to  discredit Christianity by portraying a contorted gospel in his art. The Last Supper he portrays as a marriage super of Jesus and Mary Magdalene, being one of many misinterpretations of scripture in his art.<br/>Da Vinci's view of Christianity is pure blasphemy, yet Dan Brown gives him credibility as a commentator on Christ.
 The Da Vinci Code is an intellectually challenging thriller which really gets the little grey cells working overtime. The major challenge is to be sure you know what is fact and what is fiction .........are you sure?
 Dan Brown's "The Da Vinci Code" is an interesting book for a number of reasons.  It is entertaining yet essentially light reading. It is also filled with tantalizing bits of information about the history of Christianity and a miriad of other related topics including paganism, Gnosticism, The Knights Templar, art history, and the Holy Grail.<br/><br/>The most fascinating aspect of this novel is the overwhelming public interest and controversy surrounding many of the assertions Brown makes in this book.  It may be safe to assume that most people have little or no previous exposure to these topics and it certainly has generated extreme controversy in Christian circles. There are no less than 20 books in print that attempt to support or refute the information found in "The Da Vinci Code".  I have never seen such polarization over a work of fiction before.  That said, this illustrated edition is just the kind of thing to not only make the reading experience more enjoyable and interesting, but to continue to stir things up by providing visual references for the works of art, architecture, and religious symbology discussed in the text.  Here it is pretty hard to dispute some of the things Brown talks about when it is staring at you in living color.  This would seem to give the book's many detractors more work to do also.<br/><br/>"The Da Vinci Code" is not great literature by any means, but it is entertaining nonetheless.  I would recommend it especially for the simple fact that it presents ideas that make people think.  This was obviously not the original intent of this work of fiction, but has turned out to be one of its strongest selling points.
 I'm sharing an informative webpage I found which has helpful links for anyone's personal efforts to crack the Code:  ...]
 This book was amazing - I just read it for the second time (read it years back when it first came out).  Loved it just as much the second time :)
 Whatever you may think about this book, its key point is invaluable: the recovery of the sacred feminine which for nearly 2000 years has been systematically supressed mainstream Christianity.<br/><br/>If you want to read more on the devastating effects of the suppression of the sacred feminine in Christianity, Matthias Beier's _A Violent God-Image_ is a must-read. It introduces to an English reader Europe's bestselling critic of the Vatican's distortion of Jesus' life, Eugen Drewermann. (Paperback now available at amazon.com). Drewermann was silenced in the 1990s at the behest of the man who last year became Pope Benedict XVI: former Cardinal Ratzinger.<br/><br/>The book also points the way to a reintegration of the sacred feminine into Christianity.
 Any idiot out there writing an angry, negative review about this book is crazy. This book, although not for the most enlightened reader, is great entertainment. For someone looking for a way to entertain themselves, and maybe looking for a reason to google some famous art works, this book is for you. Its fun, exciting, and an easy read. So spend the one night it will take you and read this book even if its just to join the discussion that all your friends have been having for years.
 One of the all time great books.  After reading this I read all of the dan brown books and they are all great.
 There's no "there" there. From the subtle-as-a-sledgehammer character names (and characters) to the contrived cliffhangers ending every short-attention-span chapter, this was a book designed, its convoluted conspiracy theories notwithstanding, for someone looking for something to do while waiting for an airplane or the laundry, and wishing to seem intellectual while doing so. An intriguing idea and a great story that deserved a much, much better book.
 "Then they that feared the LORD spoke often one to another: and the LORD listened, and heard it, and a book of remembrance was written before him for them that feared the LORD, and that thought on his name. And they shall be mine, said the LORD of hosts, in that day when I make up my jewels; and I will spare them, as a man spares his own son that serves him".<br/><br/>-  Mal 3:16-17<br/><br/>"And they overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death".<br/><br/>-  Rev 12:11
 So much hype for a formula X cliffhanger novel.<br/><br/>Silly but with just the right ingredients to feed the masses...<br/><br/>This is Twilight for Grownups.
 700yES -  but check out 185398146X
 See the ending coming a mile away.
 I was traveling in Europe visiting awesome places and had a hard time putting this book down to spend time at the sites!  One of my favorites books ever.
 Interesting fiction but this does not pass the common sense test as any sort of real research. Why? ........... Well let's connect the dots:<br/>Historical Fact: The most skeptical atheist theologian would accept that at least 4 of the apostles died for their faith. St. Peter being crucified on Vatican Hill will be the example here.<br/>Psychiatric Fact: There has never been a case of multiple people hallucinating the same thing at the same time even attempts with modern drugs.<br/>ERGO: Christ's appearances were not hallucinations.<br/>SO:  Jesus was resucitated, pretended to have risen from the dead and and his followers went around starting a cool new but bogus religion while Jesus went to live in the south of France with a babe.<br/>AND THEN: Nero thought the Christians were a pain in his rear so he rounded up Peter, their leader and had him crucified (no fun) in the Circus.<br/>BUT: Peter could have told where Jesus was and surely bargained his way back to a quiet fishing job on tne Sea of Galilee. But he decided to die a tortuous death to protect a guy with a babe on the French Riviera.<br/>RIGHT!<br/>Antone who takes this book seriously ............. ?
 It is one a.m. You just got into bed a few hours ago.  Suddenly the phone rings, and the hotel worker tells you that someone's on their way to your room.  When the visitor gets to your hotel room, you discover that he is with the police.  But what would they want with you?  You've done nothing wrong.  You're a college teacher for crying out loud!  You teach art and symbolism, and have been writing books on your research.  Jacques Sauniere, the head curator at the Louvre in France, had arranged for you to meet up with him somewhere, but he never showed.  The policeman shows you a picture from a crime scene.  The photo is of a body.  Jacques Sauniere's body.  He then invites you to the Louvre to help with the crime scene.  But helping isn't really what you're there for.  You are being questioned without even knowing it!  The head of the police, Fache, is in charge of this case.  He is determined to find you guilty in order to help support his job, being as he's currently in low esteem with French and American law keepers.  Sophie Neveu , a cryptologist, meets up with you and Fache.  She says she has a message from the U.S. Embassy for you, but when you listen to the message, you find that it is something much more important.  It is up to you, Mr. Robert Langdon, to team up with Sophie Neveu and investigate Jacques Sauniere's death, find the keystone to the Holy Grail, while at the same time protecting the keystone, avoiding arrest by Fache, and keeping the evil Opus Dei from power.<br/>"The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown is a wonderfully written book.  It is very relaxing, even in the fast sections.  Although the book takes place in a 24 hour period, it seems to be much longer.  Mr. Brown has a great knowledge of symbolism and history.  As the little reviews on the flaps of the book say, the book is "pure genius!"  Most of the clues in the story revolve around Leonardo Da Vinci, thus the name "The Da Vinci Code."  In the book, the murdered curator Jacques Sauniere was part of a group called "The Priory of Sion," or P.S.  The group is revolved around the "sacred feminine," worship female goddesses of fertility, and are the keepers of the Holy Grail.  Opus Dei is one of the groups after the Holy Grail.  Bishop Aringarosa is in charge of Opus Dei, and has been trying to get his hands on the Holy Grail in order to use it to boost his power.  His assistant, Silas, does all the dirty work. ...  This book refers to a lot of history and paintings, along with the Bible; although a lot of it is made up.  Don't take it seriously, it's just amusing.  This 454 book was worth the read, and I'm sure you'll enjoy it too.  If the books you read need to be fast-paced, then I do not recommend "The Da Vinci Code."rtistic than Fabergé' ! than 'assorted cloissoné artisans' !  Did you know that ?  I didn't know that ! I still don't know that !  There's lots more 'wisdom' on this victim, be warned.<br/>Not only does he relentlessly bungle his facts and couple them with unfounded and preposterous social commentary, he has the nerve to insert this comment, about a film : "Sadly the filmmakers had gotten most of the specifics wrong..."  And if the reader is not sufficiently impressed with Mr. Brown yet, they get one more clue, by including this esteemed opinion on the supposed creator of the mystery: "...he was a frighteningly clever man."  Where does it end !  On page 484, directly before the blessedly blank flyleaf, where I breathe a sigh of relief of not only being done with this bestselling drivel, but that my name is not defiled by being included in the acknowledgments.
 I read this book a long time ago and it is a PAGE TURNER...so hard to put down. the Ending however, sucks...but because it kept me entertained the entire read...i give it a 5!
 If you enjoy thinly held together conspiracy theories based on complete nonsense then this is THE book for you.  If not, you will think this novel is complete garbage like I do.  Trust me: avoid the hype.  If you must know just go watch the movie.  You'll invest less time and feel less cheated.
 Nothing in this book is true (hence fictional).  If you want something with DaVinvi's name on it try looking in an art history book. it's just a whole load of crap. don't bother spending all that money - because (like me) it will just piss you off and for all the uneducated beings - they will beleive what they read and think they are smart and start passing off false information...
 11 23 47 89 73 26 18 92 55<br/>This is the real code for understanding the depth of Da Vinci.<br/>If you can break it, you are qualified to comprehend what most fail to see.
 Great book! Gives many other books to reference to and to read them.  I hope he keeps writing these books with the character Robert Langdon.
 Makes sense to me!!  I loved this book!  I know it was fiction but somehow I think he speaks a bit of truth in this book!  You will love this book!
 The great thing about this awsome book is that it is ALL TRUE!  It's great being able to get educated and entertained at the same time.  I now know that Catholics are evil and the one true religion is paganism!  These are just two of the eye opening facts revealed in this great work of literature.
 Umberto Eco dumbed down for the culturally illiterate American masses: drivel.
 The book will insult even average intelligence.  It is infantile and inaccurate.  Dan Brown â" the Master of the Obvious!
 This was an excellent book.  Much better than "The Rule of Four".  Do not worry about what other reviewers have written about this book not being accurate.  It is a fictional (stress on fiction) work.<br/><br/>Reading this book is like going to the theatre.  In theatre, you have to allow yourself to believe what you know to be fake.  Do the same thing with this book.  While reading it, allow yourself to believe but don't put too much stock in this book being true.<br/><br/>It is a great testament to the author that his fictional work can make the reader actually wonder for a moment if the book could actually be factual as opposed to fanciful.<br/><br/>Read it, but remember...fiction.
 I love this book . It is very good. You should buy it with your money the you earned at your job.
 For all of Dan Brown's "remarkable research and detail" I was lost at Chapter 3 when he "skimmed south past the Opera House and entered the Place Vendome" on his way to the Louvre.  The last time I looked, the Hotel Ritz was in the Place Vendome and the Opera House was several blocks north in the wrong direction from the Louvre.  So, why did the gendarmerie drive Mr. Langdon north from the Ritz around the Opera House, then  south  through the Place Vendome past the Ritz to reach the Louvre?  Applying the Magellanic Code of Circumnavigation, I have come up with three possibilities:  a) Langdon was really staying at the Ritz Best Western which is located north of the Opera House near the airport; b)2+2 really does equal 5; or c) someone didn't consult a map of Paris as part of the research for this book.  It sort of spoiled the rest of the story for me.
 Imagine a conspiracy so large that it encompasses smaller conspiracies within it. Imagine if you will that this conspiracy is designed for mass consumption. How would it be done? Firstly, by writing in a style that appeals to the masses. Simple &amp; tasty with an aroma that you can smell at every corner. Sound familiar? But what would this conspiracy be? The search for the grail? Think bigger; a global spirituality, a new age of Aquarius, where sexual freedom not only prevails, but is lifted to religious status as it was in the late great empire of Babylon. A Global Babylon. Now who says sex doesn't sell?  But how could this be achieved? Most religions are based on pesky starchy ideals of morality, ethics &amp; age tested regulations. My how those regulations are boring. Law! So let's start with turning common symbolism on its head. First we get the pentagram, the collectively universal symbol for Satanism &amp; magiK &amp; carefully reconstruct it to mean `sacred'. That's a good start. We then sprinkle in some obvious &amp; rallying facts like Women are equal opposites to men; in fact let's make them superior (lets face it); &amp; how hierarchical church structures removed the spirituality out of religion &amp; murdered millions in the name of God. (Who can deny that?)  Then carefully weave Aquarian age Goddess symbology into the story &amp; back it up by `suppressed history', wooooo! That will supplant most `Gods' with a hyper politically correct Goddess, as we've been trying to do for a while. Then subtly shift the Goddess to be Venus, the morning star, represented by the pentagram it apparently weaves through the heavens every 8 years. We leave out the messy bits like how Lucifer (Satan) was symbolized by the planet Venus in the Bible,(Isaiah 14:12, King James Version, not the New International one. You want a real life conspiracy? Work out why they took the name Lucifer out of the New version of the Bible) but sidetrack the whole show with `Jesus was just one of us really - divine? NAHHH'.  This will appeal to all who want their spirituality but want to mould it in their own image. Hey. Isn't that New Age? Anyway, if you like to turn off your mind and accept stuff, you'll LUV this. The kid below did.
 Enjoyed the book and can't wait to see the movie.  Lots of action - provocative.
 Read this book years ago and it is still to this day one of my favorites!!  It is a definite page-turner!
 I am convinced that Dan Brown is a angry lesbian. Actually I would guess that Dan Brown's wife is a angry lesbian. Seriously if you just read this book and forget all the "lame controversy" that this book tries to create you will find that The Da Vinci Code is very poorly written. It reminds me of some dollar store mystery novel that should be thrown away and never be talked about. The characters are hardly interesting, the dialogue is poor, and the facts in the book were not researched at all. If you are thinking of buying this book grab a screwdriver and stab yourself in the foot. If you do buy this book take a look in the mirror and I guarantee you will see a overwieght lesbian women probably in your 30's with a bad mullet and a long upper-lip 'stache. It's your decision -make the call
 Da Vinci Code is more than a book.  It's more than a movie.  It's a moral contest.  Da Vinci Code is a moral contest between the Holy Roman Catholic Church and Hollywood, which seek to destroy it.  Mission Impossible III shows how anti-Catholic Hollywood is.  MI-III depicted the Vatican as absolutely corrupt, hobnobbing with rich criminals.  The Roman Catholic Church is losing the moral contest.  Da Vinci Code is one area the Roman Catholic Church has an opportunity to reassert its moral authority.  Da Vinci Code is where the Roman Catholic Church needs to win the moral contest.  If they fail, the Roman Catholic Church would enter into an era of unprecedented decline around the world.  Particularly in the USA, Roman Catholic Church is in grave decline.  In fact, Roman Catholic Church members have been the most avid supporters of Da Vinci Code.  Why?  Because the archbishops of Los Angeles, San Francisco, San Diego, Chicago, Philadelphia, New York, Boston, St. Louis, etc. have NOT taken an aggressive stance against Da Vinci Code.  Maybe the Vatican needs to pull these archbishops out of the moral contest.  It doesn't seem like they have anything left in their old bodies to put one over the Da Vinci Code.  If the moral contest is lost here before the Court of Popular Opinion, the Roman Catholic Church around the world will see an unprecedented loss of membership, apostasy, deviance.  The Holy Roman See will not be able to handle the fallout of the loss of the moral contest.  It may be the end of the Roman Catholic Church as we know it.  The loss of moral context vis-a-vis Da Vinci Code will be like suffering a nuclear attack.  How many of you have respect for the Roman Catholic Church's handling of the Da Vinci Code.  The Holy Roman Catholic Church is losing the moral contest and the hearts and minds of Catholics around the world, particularly in America.
 books good<br/>fiction good<br/>suspence thriller fiction books good<br/>dan brown bad<br/>dan brown books worse<br/>dan brown thriller novel the davinci code the worst
 The DaVinci Code is a very interesting book. It keeps the reader interested and amazed at some of the facts. There's never a part where there is no action.
 The Da Vinci Code along with Angels and Demons were written very well I thought.  They keep you reading and wondering what is going to happen next. They are however both going to contribute to societal decay.  That makes them harmful rather then just inert entertainment. I have read them both but many with little faith or knowledge seem to be treating them as fact instead fiction sprinkled with a few facts which is what they are. Since societal evolution is so important I cannot recommend this book.
 I read this from a library loan.  It was not worth the time.  This is a good example of how not to write a historical novel.  He represents it as "fact" but doesn't do even the simplist fact checks.  The worst thing is how predictable the story actually is, with no real suspense.
 This is a pretty formulaic page turner, a fun quick read. Written at about the level of the average Nancy Drew mystery, it is best appreciated at that level. As far as the content, there are howlers on virtually every page (starting with the hero who looks like "Harrison Ford in Harris tweed" and is a "Professor of Religious Symbology at Harvard" -- good work if you can find it). You have to ignore very pulpy, cheesy writing to enjoy this romantic thriller.<br/><br/>Intended as a book that a dedicated reader could finish in a day, or something you take to the beach and casually finish in a weekend, "The Da Vinci Code" makes for a reasonable airline novel, so much so that it is often a bit clunky in its desire to ensure that no intellectual effort on the reader's part will be required. Here's a recurring example in this novel: a bit of unfamiliar terminology, say "crux gemmata" (jeweled cross) will will be explained on page N, then on page N+1, a character will finger his jeweled cross and explain, "Oh, yes -- this is a crux gemmata." I've read dinner menus that were more demanding on the reader. My wife and I both read about a third of it in a day, sharing the same copy, and that's a full work day plus taking care of kids, bedtime, etc. That's also a kind of virtue, I guess -- it's fast and peppy.<br/><br/>As far as history goes, Dan Brown apparently thinks that "most historians" give credence to the forgeries and frauds promoted in hoary best-sellers like "Holy Blood, Holy Grail." This author gets the best of both worlds: simultaneously claiming that "it's just fiction," while introducing the novel with claims that the historical record contained within is "fact." That claim is ridiculous. To pluck a random example, he spends some time talking about the Council of Nicaea, and incorrectly summarizes it as the origin of the doctrine of Christ's divinity by Constantine. He ignores the Arian controversy out of which it arose, which is like trying to explain the Treaty of Versailles without mentioning World War I. He ignores the documented fact, agreed upon even by the cheerleaders of the gnostics that he is sympathetic to, that the earliest gnostic doctrines held that Christ was *purely* God, and not really man -- the very reverse of the doctrine that serves as the lynchpin of his novel's intellectual base (such as it is). This is a bad novel for weak or misinformed Christians, but anyone familiar with history should spot the train wreck of Brown's ideas a mile off.<br/><br/>Oh yes, and in Brown's world, Opus Dei has shadowy assassin "monks" (in real life, Opus Dei is not a monastic order -- there are no Opus Dei monks, let alone trained assassins), and the Catholic Church has been promulgating known lies as its central dogmas, promotes violence throughout the world, and has been retarding the progress of science and knowledge for 2 millennia. Brown leaves the reader with the impression that this, too, is a matter of settled historical record. Oh, but then again, it's just fiction. Except when it's not.<br/><br/>In general, if you're looking for a heady thriller wrapped around Christian arcana, I'd recommend Umberto Eco's excellent "Name of the Rose," not this dumbed down, by-the-numbers novel.
 Brown writes a good story but I was appalled at the suggestions about Jesus and Mary M.  I don't believe this for one minute.<br/>CEB
 It's amazing how much stuff you can do in just one night in Europe. Assassination, secret societies, car chases, airplanes hijacked and flying all over the place, great misteries. After all, this book is good fun. There is nothing really serious about it, although every little element of the plot refers to specific legends or conspiration theories. The fact is that they are nicely tied together and, for the reader, enjoyment is guaranteed.
 Disclaimer -- I haven't read the DiVinci Code. I have, however, read quite a bit about the claims it makes. The reason for the one star is that Mr. Brown CLAIMS the assertion on the first page of the book merely means that the mentioned documents exist. Except, of course, on those days when Mr. Brown CLAIMS the documents prove the outrageous assertions outlined in the book.<br/><br/>I was reading the Bible last night and came across 2 Peter Chapter 2. It states that people are susceptible to people like Mr. Brown, someone with no credentials in theology and someone who has clearly amassed a forture through his false teaching, because they are "unstable". In Biblical lingo, this means they don't know the Word of God, they haven't spent time in the Word. What a shame for them, and for America. I pray for revival almost every night. To those truly looking for answers, turn to God not to the Book of the Month (or even Year) Club.<br/><br/>God Bless You!
 If you have a long flight, you can probably read it in one setting.  It is a "pageturner", but, I think it is kind of hyped up for the publicity (lawsuit and movie).
 I really enjoyed reading this book. It started out a bit slow, but once you get into the story it's hard to put down.  Dan Brown makes an unbelievable plot believable.
 The Knights Templar, the Rosicrucians, and many masons have kept alive among their secret beliefs that the Merovingian line of Frankish kings from the early Middle Ages were descended directly from Jesus. To justify this outlandish claim, they must profess that Jesus did not die on the cross but survived it, and went on to live a much longer life, married Mary Magdalene and had children with her, from whom the Merovingians supposedly descend. There isn't any historic evidence for this. (The Merovingians were replaced on the Frankish throne in the 8th century AD by the Carolingians, chief among them Charlemagne.)<br/>In this novel a proponent of that nonsense has created a popular vehicle with which to attempt to deceive the public into thinking that this thesis is true. Yet it flies in the face of all historic context. From the report about Jesus contained in the writings of Flavius Josephus to the bald fact of hundreds of people who knew Jesus and witnessed his death, resurrection or ascension, and who gave their lives for Him, the contemporaries of Jesus who were familiar with the facts bear tacit testament contrary to this slander of Him. Nor does it square with early Frankish history.<br/>There are quite a few writings about Jesus that never made it into the canon of Scripture. When you have read enough of them, then you realize that they are mostly a lot of fantasies about Jesus or those connected to Him. There are reasons they are not in the Bible. They have more in common with second party spinoffs of Jane Austen's novel Pride and Prejudice, for example, written by people who loved the original so much that they wrote their own fantasy continuations of the story.<br/>This scurrilous novel defames Jesus in every possible fashion. In a back handed way, it contends that He lied when He said that He would be killed and then would rise from the dead. It purports that all of His disciples lied in their representations of Him. It says that the crucifixion was a lie, that Easter was a lie, that His ascension was a lie, and thus that His promise to return is a lie. Either everything essential to His coming into the world was a lie or what this book proposes is a lie, couched in novel form.<br/>Something else Jesus said is that Satan is the Father of Lies (John 8). Open your eyes and don't be duped by this well crafted lie.
 Misticism for the masses, ideal for fat ladies chatting in the coiffeur.<br/><br/>Read Umberto Eco, not this. It was written with a movie in sight, Albino killer, etc, etc. Crap.
 I didn;t receive the item, so I cannot review it.<br/>However, teh movie wasn't too bad.
 Zoom in, then to the outline, then back in;<br/>This bood is done in code. Do you see it?
 Had previously read the book and loved it.  The CD was great too, although it was not as easy to "put down" and come back to...  If traveling long distances or have the ability to stop and start, this CD is highly recommended.  Though not necessary, I would recommend reading "Angels and Demons" first (book or CD) as events from this book are referenced in The Da Vinci Code.
 I liked this book very much. It gives good details about the art.I am not commenting from religious perspective.
 There is no doubt that this is a good read - fast paced with intrigue and lots of red herrings. However, I cannot understand why it has attained cult status and why so many people want to "believe". Knowing even a little about history and a little critical thinking will put this novel where it belongs, strictly in the realm of fiction. Enjoy it for what it is. Don't read into it any more than a good story.
 I cannot wait til the full motion picutre comes out this year !!!
 Forget taking the On-line IQ tests. Read half the book, and if you can figure out the plot, congratulations, you have a 100 IQ. If you need to read to page 300, sorry.
 I guess that it's a tactic of fiction writers to bend and twist history to make their stories believable and try to gain credibility this way. But as a Christian I am deeply offended by the shameful distortions of historical facts about Jesus. the sad thing is that people believe this rubbish.
 "The Da Vinci Code", by Dan Brown, New York, Doubleday, 2003 1st Ed. ISBN 0-385-50420-9 HC, 454 pp. This book is one that should be read cover-to-cover, not skimmed. I will only name the main intriguing characters: Symbologist Robert Langdon,  Agent Sophie Neveu and Curator Jacques Sauniere who have relationships to the Opus Dei, a keystone, Cryptex, Masons, Knights Templar, the Holy Grail and so much more.<br/><br/>There is an abundance of fascinating chronicaled facts in this well-woven novel and it is sometimes difficult to separate fact from fiction,  fabricated from legendary.  It is a sexual book but not about sex.  The dissertation on diverse codes and 'word games' is engaging but frustrating if we are wont to figure it out on our own. It's unnecessary to condemn this book, written as a novel, as "anti-Catholic."<br/>The author has extensive authoritative command of sundry, disparate areas of knowledge which are inspiring and attest to his research &amp; the attention he paid to weaving intrigue, trivia and legends in poignant style. It is an amazing, absorbing, and accomplished mystery story where the reader gradually learns who really are the good vs. the bad guys.  This is a must read which takes little effort to open the cover, especially with the illustrations! -- then the book's enticements take over.  Worthy inveiglements relate to codes within the book, some of which are smoke and others allegorical and the later edition which is nicely illustrated and features prints of historic places of Europe that are discussed in the text and are well-received.  Do get this illustrated edition!  The book's price is more than fair.
 Great...a replacement for the one I lost. Just as promised, fast delivery. Would do business again with this seller. Thanks!
 otherwise a great story!  I wanted more heat between the lead characters but The movie will change that...
 In my opinion, this is a heretical book to be avoided by Christians. If anyone read this book and thinks that it holds any answers to life, I strongly encourage you to read the bible for yourself and see that the Dan Brown's words are like an open grave. Dan's main purpose is to cast doubt on the validity of the Christian faith. He does so by attacking the authenticity of the bible, casting doubt on the Church, and suggesting an alternative spiritual philosophy to Christianity.<br/>In his attempt to attack the authenticity of the bible, Dan ridicules the canonization process, making it seem that a group of men came together and picked their favorite four gospels while they discarded over 40 other candidates. This is completely inaccurate, and it is only in a work of fiction that these lies can be presented as truth. In reality, the canonization process took many years, and the ones selected were chosen on three important tenants. 1) The book must have been written by or sponsored by the 12 Apostles of Christ. 2) The content should not contradict the teachings of Christ and 3) It must have been accepted by and widely used by many Churches. Dan also claims that Emperor Constantine heavily influenced the canonization of the Bible. In fact, he had nothing to do with their canonization, and there is sufficient historical documentation to support that assertion.<br/>Why would Dan make these outrageous claims if they are completely false? Dan does not believe as Jewish and Christian scholars believe that God has worked through his faithful people to evaluate, treasure, and collect the Sacred Writings that manifest God's will and purpose into Sacred Collections.<br/>Dan's second purpose is to cast doubt on the Christian Church. He does so by picking on a very vulnerable denomination, the Catholic Church. While a few individuals in the Catholic church have been guilty of wrongs, largely publicized, and denounced by the body as a whole, even he is not able to completely vilify the Church because the acts represent less than one thousandth of one percent of faithful and Godly men of the Church through out the ages. So Dan has to pick on one fringe group of the Church, which is not at all representative of the body as a whole. In the end, Dan decides to exonerate his characters and the Church, but not after trashing them for over 420 pages.<br/>Dan cites wrongs the Church committed throughout history (his charges again inaccurate and unsubstantiated). Claiming the Church was so powerful in the First Century they were able to stamp out anything they didn't agree with, including "divine femininity." In reality, the Church suffered horrible persecution with its members subjected to torture and every horrible painful death imaginable. Yet the church continued to flourish, deeply rooted in the doctrine of the Apostles, and watered with the blood of millions of members. With all this repression, why would such a practice grow if it were not fulfilling? If you have never explored Christianity with an open mind, I invite you to set aside your prejudices and do so.<br/>The books final point, after casting doubt on the authenticity of the Bible and vilifying the Church is to promote an alternative spiritual path. To me, this "sacred femininity" is the most disturbing aspect of this book.  Dan suggests that orgy sex, astrology, tarot cards and the worship of other human beings, as gods is as acceptable of a practice for gaining spirituality as the Christian faith. He suggests that sexuality between men and women was an acceptable way of worshiping God before Christ came along, and that Christ participated in this practice, and it was the Church that stamped out this practice because they wanted to suppress the power of women. This is complete and utter nonsense!<br/>The Bible makes a reference to Dan's "sacred femininity," warning us not to have anything to do with the practice:<br/>I have this against you: You tolerate that woman, who calls herself a prophetess. By her teaching she misleads my servants into sexual immorality and the eating of food sacrificed to idols. I have given her time to repent of her immorality, but she is unwilling. So I will cast her on a bed of suffering, and I will make those who commit adultery with her suffer intensely, unless they repent of her ways. I will strike her children dead. Revelation 2:20-23 (NIV)<br/>According to the Bible, the reason the teachings of the "divine femininity" have not survived is because God finds it detestable and wiped out the practice. Dan would have us believe it was the Church who eliminated the practice, but clearly that is not the case.<br/>In summary, this is a trashy book with thin character development and a difficult to follow story line. It's your traditional boy meets girl, boy and girl get in trouble, and boy gets girl plot. The story is just a thin cover for Dan's pulpit of presenting his agnostic views and casting doubt on the Christian faith. Only in a fiction book could he get away with his outrageous claims, and only in these days would people read this filth and swallow it as truth.<br/>Christians, I urge you to skip reading this book, Dan should not receive any support from the Saints for his heretical views. If you did read this book and were intrigued by his philosophy, I urge you to read the New Testament of the Bible and make an informed decision for yourself. Dan himself even says that Jesus was an important spiritual leader. The problem in Dan's statement is Jesus said "I am the way and the truth and the light, no man may come before God the Father except through ME." Either Jesus was a complete liar, or he was the Son of God. Jesus doesn't leave any room for a middle ground.
 Dan Brown's historically inaccurate, lies, and shameless promotion are disgusting.<br/><br/>This is just rehash of Gnostic Garbage that has as much to do with Christianity as the Easter Bunny does with the Crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus Christ.<br/><br/>Please do not be led astray by this book or any other of the Gnostic garbage that seems to be everywhere these days. Your soul is a lot more important than this bunch of Charlatans trying to make money by promoting Gnostic lies, half truths and misrepresentations of proven Christian doctrine.
 Unfortunately average reader's ignorance proves again and again that garbage sells, thanks to untiring efforts of ignorant and greedy literary agents/parasites and semi-educated editors/con-artists of large publishing houses, who cannot distinguish between literature and Spiderman.<br/><br/>Has it ever occured to anyone that Jesus is a fictive invention, and a poor one at that? There is absolutely no historical evidence that there was a Jesus. This garbage is propagated by con-men who are out there to make a living at the expense of the ignorant public. It used to be "bread and circus." Now it is "hamburger and Jesus.
 I finally broke down and read the book of the century!. This book is a wonderful, historical, FICTIONAL NOVEL. If read with that in mind, it will fascinate you. Should you choose books based on reviews, then beware that it has twisted the undies of conservative Catholics! You who are looking to give it 1 star in the hopes I would be spared the mercy of reading such lies really do need to get a life! At some points a reader may even question truth from fiction, but at the conclusion I seriously doubt that the Catholic Church is in any jeopardy of losing true believers. A well written mystery for anyone -religious and non-religious readers. Enjoy!<br/> ...]
 Dan Brown can certainly write a gripping thriller and the book is hard to put down with non-stop action from beginning to end. What a pity, then, that he has wanted to use the Da Vinci Code to write an anti-Christian tract. Particular venom is reserved for the Catholic Church, or "the Vatican" as the author likes to call it, somewhat anachronistically when he is speaking of the Church in the 4th Century AD. The references to Opus Dei are so inaccurate that it is virtually impossible to recognise the organisation as it exists in real life. It appears the author did very little proper research, at least for this aspect of the work. I feel his having such an axe to grind really detracts from the overall quality of the book.
 Low brow Protocol of Elders of Zion for Catholics.
 Dan Brown's novel "The Da Vinci Code" reveals the controversial and fascinating history of early Christianity in a fast paced murder mystery. His research shows how Mother Earth became a man's world when the goddess was banished from the temple.  The obliteration of the sacred feminine resulted in a "life out of balance" and disrespect for Mother Earth. Based on the Coptic and Dead Sea Scrolls the Bible is a product of men with a political agenda. The Holy Grail is an ancient symbol for the sacred feminine and represents a woman. And that Jesus was a mortal prophet who married Mary Magdalene and had children.<br/><br/>Although the suspense is a page-turner Brown's remarkable research would have been better served by a slower paced novel with more developed characters. It was the riveting story not the historical research or the two-dimensional good versus evil characters that stayed with me after reading the book.
 I only started this book because of the hype, so I guess I did learn something. I found it almost impossible to put down as I continued to search out errors. Not as good as any of his other books.
 This is an excellent story to put out as an audio book. Early on the story jumps around a lot while the plot is being set, listening to the story rather than reading it helps to make the story flow better and increases plot retension.<br/><br/>Paul Michael does a fine job of reading and keeps your interest with voice inflections in the reading and the use of different voices for the major characters.
 Read it to find out what all the hoopla was about. I'm still not sure. The literary equivalent of a pet rock.
 Loved the story.  Could not put it down.  Followed it up with Angels and Demons.  Wish I had read Angels &amp; Demons first.  Either way both were fantastic.
 To start with, I do not intend to buy this book.  The source materials are from people want to change Christianity, particularly the Catholic Church, to fit their view of what a religion should be like.  None of the sources for this book are ancient, and none agree with the most ancient texts of the New Testiment, and some even disagree with the early Gnostic documents that we still have.<br/>This book is fiction, based on lies, portraying itself as religious truth.  We are warned in the Bible (which I highly recommend to anyone who wants to read this book) to be on the watch for people who portray themselves as apostles for another Jesus.  St. Paul reminds us that there is only one Jesus.  For Christians, protect your faith, avoid this book!  For non-Christians who want to learn about the ancient Christian Churches I would recommend the book "Ecclisial History" by Eusibius, written in the Third Century, the Bible itself, or the Catechism of the Catholic Church.<br/>Warning, this book may be an attack on your faith.  Read it at your own peril!
 I'm glad I follow my friends' suggestion to read this book. It was a revelation for me :) The idea and statement forwarded in this book is the first for me. Although some people say that not all of the info is true but just the whole idea is provoking and plausible. I'm going to check them out on ther books. Well, you can not read the Bible (specially New Testament) with the same light now.<br/><br/>Dan Brown has managed to bring the data and not just made it in boring essay but into a thriller and mystery.<br/><br/>But this book is not perfect. Actually I want to give this book less than 5 because the main characters need to be worked up a bit because of their inconsistency response to problem at hand. Specially agent Sophie Neveu that I felt too slow at the beginning for a French CIA's agent but nearing the end, suddenly to self confident. If that was used to array the clue from Langdon, I think Mr.Brown could use another method than slowing her down.
 Read this book with caution and don't be misled.There is no Truth in this book, but keep it in the context of what it really is to be clasified...FICTION!! This book is repulsive in the way dan brown depicts history's facts, and distorts them completely out of color. Hope you take this token of my two cents, and don't waste your time with this book-
 ridiculous story/plot, do not understand what all the fuss was a about.  i would not recommend davinci code to anyone
 A work of fiction, based on facts.  Thats the billing and the story is everything promised.<br/><br/>This book offers an alternate explanation to the teachings of the Christian Religions with credibility and authority.  I learned more about Leonardo Da Vinci, ancient religions and the Christian Church in historical terms than from any other source.<br/><br/>A fantastic story that I could not put down.  Thoroughly reccomended.
 No matter how bad you have heard this book is, it is worse. You cannot actually believe it until you read it. In the spirit of inquiry, I braced myself to do just that.<br/><br/>My husband possibly enjoyed my reading of this book more than I did, because I was soon talking back to it, particularly when the Incredibly Indecipherable Riddles started showing up. "Sofia! Alexander Pope! Apple!" I shouted, and then in each case had to slog through forty pages before the Stunningly Brilliant hero and heroine figured it out ("APPLE, morons!").<br/><br/>This book was mind-bogglingly stupid. I had expected it to be silly and fluffy, but the scope of idiocy evident in both the writing and in the assumed audience was far more than I was ready for. Brown is blatantly, openly writing for people who don't know who Mitterrand is, or I.M. Pei, or Saint Paul, or what the Louvre pyramid looks like, or that Leonardo da Vinci wrote in mirror image -- in one scene, I kid you not, two da Vinci scholars faced with the mirror image writing can't figure out what it is. Perhaps the Harvard professor hero has been too busy cultivating the perfect "stubble lining his strong jaw and dimpled chin", or practicing his "chocolatey voice", to, y'know, actually learn anything about his chosen field.<br/><br/>For purposes of exposition, people -- actually just the heroine -- often express ignorance about incredibly basic aspects of the Grail legend, or church history, or basically anything that anyone who's ever seen "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade" would know. The heroine is nothing but an audience for the male characters' explanations, and she cries a lot. Also she is a young hot brilliant cryptographer. Who can't figure out these incredibly stupid riddles. Yeah. And the villains are crippled and albino, while the Good Guys are hunky.<br/><br/>It is asinine. It is unintentionally hilarious on every page. I live for the day when it gets bumped off the top slot in my librarything. No, I can't get rid of my copy - have you tried to give a copy to a used bookstore lately? And besides, I keep having to lend it out to people who won't believe me when I say just how bad it is.
 Not worth the money.  Choppily written.  Poorly researched fantasy palmed off as "truth."  If this is all true, as Brown says, then why would the earliest followers of Christ, including Peter, die painful deaths for a lie?
 I read his other book "Angels And Demons" and thought it was okay so I thought I would check this one out.  The library didn't have the book in so I checked the tapes out.  The book probably would have held my interest more than the tapes did.  As it was, I don't know how many times I stopped the tape because it didn't hold my interest and because I would find myself thinking about something else.  It is natural for that to happen once in a while but it was continuous.  Then when I got to the part of Mary Magdelene supposedly carrying Jesus's child, etc., I almost gave up listening to it completely, but I had to remind myself that it was just fiction.  After that it did get a little more interesting (although I still had to stop the tape and rewind it because I missed something).  During the last part of the last tape I fell asleep and gave up.  The book just was not realistic or believable enough for me to enjoy.  I am not sure why it has been so popular.  If you are someone who enjoys farout whacko theories then you will probably enjoy it.
 Exasperating... this is the only word I can find to describe this insult to the writing art. It could be forgiven only if it was the work of a budding 14 years old aspiring writer.. The characters are stereotypical mannequins monstruosly bumping aroud in a shallow, totally unrealistic plot devoid of any originality. The Harvard professor is shy and reserved, the english lord is snob and the french cryptologist.. well she is hot! Inconsistencies and blunders are scattered all over the place, and leave you in this strange state when you don't know if you want to throw the book away in a fit of rage or have a great laugh at such an helpless author. The Harvad professor and the cryptologist together have the brain of a turnip, fighting hard to solve little riddles that would be a joke for kid. But what made really burts with laughter was the choice of the super secret passord that should have securely guarded the cryptex (basically a bycicle lock) containing the precious Holy Grail secret.. the Gran Master chose his grandaughter's name! Anyone who has even a slight familirity with security knows that a loved person name is the first and most obvious and stupid password choice of a dummy! :)<br/><br/>Another comical side is the attitude of Langdon and Sophie towards feelings and sex... when you read that Sophie has interrupted all contact with her beloved grandfather you imagine all sort of violent things..murder.. pedophily, ..rape and it finally turns out she just caught him giving a "ride" to a middle aged plump lady? Coooooome on!!!! And ok, you had to have a couple to make the story just a bit more stereotypical.. but at least make something reaistic, comlex and deep happen! No, by the end of the story Langdon and Sophie share only a timid kiss "full of promise". Is the author a teenager or just trying to win the favours of the neo-con prude wave?<br/><br/>And the final blow.. at the end of all that road, the little secrets and passords and riddles.. there is nothing like the Grail but just a happy family reunion! In the best tradition of old telenovelas....<br/><br/>Citing a really trashy italian TV show I could yell "Carramba che Sorpresa!".
 This book is good. It is good because it amuse you. It is good because it teach you (or at least it challenges you to investigate and learn in the process), and it is good because it has a good story in it. This book is not a nobel prize, it is a novel, just that. But be careful, if you are a devoted christian, a strict catholic practicant or a religious fanatic, this may not be for you.
 The Davinci Code is a VERY good book.
 I suppose it's a tour de force in a way: a best-selling thriller in which 90% of the sentences have the verb "to be" as their main verb.  Was it that I was listening to it in the car rather than reading it?  Did its faults of style and diction stand out more to a listener?  (Examples: "prone" for "supine;"  "like" as an adverb; excessive use of superlatives as "the most amazing thing he had ever seen")  Colin Stinton, the reader, added to the sleaze by attempting a different accent for each character, some of whose names he couldn't pronounce.....  The thought that this book has remained on the best seller list for weeks appalls me.
 It's sad that trees died for this book.<br/><br/>Bad high school level writing, lame made-for-TV plot, public knowlege "secrets", completely predictable ending.<br/><br/>I give it a less than one star rating if I could.
 I mean, come on... there has to be 0 as a default right? No? Oh well.<br/><br/>Anyway, back to the review. This is book is tosh. Forget the actual proposition, which I forget now. How could one get even halfway through it?<br/><br/>I was guffawing every time I picked it up. Clouseau playing Indiana Jones, brilliant!<br/><br/>A thought for any Americans who think this is some kind of hyper-historical European Disney tour. Try driving a rental up the Tuileries any time, please! Man, I would like to see that.<br/><br/>In acclaiming this book you speak loudly, though not eloquently, of your profound ignorance of all things noble.
 I enjoyed it very much.  Couldn't wait for the next disc.  I know it is fiction, but all said and done, it made you question your beliefs, and what you were taught.  With all that is going on with the Catholic Church today, makes you wonder if some of the fiction was actually true.
 Dan Brown may be a good author, but he has used his talent to make money by slandering not only the Catholic Church, but all of Christians and Christ himself.  His claims have been uncovered for what they really are (lies) by REAL historians and theologians.  As a Catholic, I was unable to enjoy this otherwise well-written book  because his claims were so false and so insidious that they greatly upset me.<br/><br/>If you do decide to read this book, keep in mind that it is FICTION, not fact.
 I did not think the writing in this book was any good.  Not suspenseful, just a fantasy about Jesus -- it seems there have been rumors for centuries that he survived, married, had children, and his descendants ruled France.  Get real.
 I loved this book.  Very intriguing and kept me reading the whole way through.  Haven't seen the movie but it can't be as good as this book.
 Exciting, I guess, and it made me want to finish, but it's ignorant and illiterate.
 The book is a good read. It mixes fact seemlessly with fiction. It's hard to separate one from the other. That is one sign of a good thriller. I recommend it highly.
 Some may like to listening to the radio or music CD's but, for<br/><br/>me, a good audio book helps the miles pass by in a much better<br/><br/>way.  This book is roughly 16 hrs. long, and there's really<br/><br/>never a dull moment throughout...
 It is one of the best books I've ever read. It's nearly as good as the Lord of the Rings. And you learn from it all the time you read it.
 You've got to be kidding me - *THIS* book has sold over 6 million copies and become an international sensation?  That a book this badly written, characterised and plotted can be a runaway best seller is bad enough.  That the ludicrous conspiracy theory it peddles, in between all the cliches, terrible dialogue and hackneyed chase scenes, is actually being given creedence by some readers is much, much worse.<br/>This is an astonishingly stupid, stupid, stupid book.<br/>Other reviewers have already outlined Brown's flaws as an author, but what bothers me most is the way favourable reviewers (including some professionals) keep talking about his "impeccable research".  Did we read the same novel?  Anyone who is familiar with "Holy Blood, Holy Grail" would recognise that about 80% of the (ahem) "information" Langdon drones on and on and on about has been lifted directly from that classic piece of lowbrow, pulp, pseudo-historical conspiracy.<br/>In fact, on the first page of Chapter 60 Brown effectively gives the reader his whole bibliography:  Lincoln, Baigent and Leigh's "Holy Blood, Holy Grail", Picknett and Prince's "The Templar Revelation", and Margaret Starbird's "The Woman with the Alabaster Jar" and "The Goddess in the Gospels".  These four books - widely ridiculed and utterly discredited pieces of paperback speculation of no academic standing whatsoever - represents the bulk of Brown's "impeccable historical research".  That he is able to convince people that the pastiche of nonsense he extracts from these crackpot books is credible says something about our culture's historical illiteracy.<br/>And about its chronic lack of informed critical thinking.  An intelligent 12 year old would be able to dispose of much of Brown's "impeccable research" given access to an internet connection or a decent encyclopaedia.<br/>Brown has one characters lecture about the suppressed gospels found amongst the Dead Sea Scrolls - a 15 second search on Google could tell you that *NO* gospels or Christian writings of any kind were found in the Qumran material.<br/>Brown says the Council of Nicea set the canon of the New Testament.  A few minutes browsing reveals that the canon was *not even discussed* at that Council and that an official canon was not set until the Council of Trent 1300 years later.<br/>Brown says that the Witch Craze was orchestrated by "the Vatican" and resulted in "five million" women being burnt by "the Inquisition".  In fact, the Witch Craze was a largely *Protestant* phenomenon, the numbers killed over a 300 year period are around 20-50,000 and 20% of them were men.<br/>And so it goes on.  Virtually everything Brown presents as "fact" in this stupid novel is either wrong, completely wrong or wildly and unbelieveably wrong.  Many of those who have criticised this book have been Catholics - which is understandable, considering how their Church is presented in the book.  But this book is not just offensive to believers (I'm an atheist), it's an insult to anyone with a knowledge of medieval history and the history of early Christianity.  Or anyone with a brain.<br/>I'm with the others who have recommened Umberto Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum" instead - it's smart, well written, amusing and well researched.  And, unlike "The Da Vinci Code" it laughs at stupid conspiracy theories.  Brown's terrible novel shows why they deserve to be ridiculed.<br/>One star because you can't give them no stars.  Terrible.
 This book was a fast read and interesting from the first few pages.
 I personally love conspiracy theories. If you also love conspiracy theories, you will enjoy and love this book very much. My whole family has read this book and all loved this book that we read it over and over again. It took me about 4 hours to finish, so it was a long but wonderful story. I like DAN BROWN so much from Angels and Demons that I knew that this book would be good if not better than Angels and Demons. The book title made it sound like a good but not GREAT book. The book turned out to be one of the best books I have read in my lifetime. Buy this book or get it at the library if it is available if you want a few hours occupied by a great mystery.
 I've been hearing that Dan Brown is a white supremacist and said some bad things about black women. Anyone here know if this is true? I see one of his readers (Minerva) harbors a negative attitude about black women but I haven't yet come across anything explicit from Dan Brown himself.
 I thought this book was spectacular, Dan Brown really did it this time.  Robert Langdon was great in the book Angels &amp; Demons, but was even more of a symboligist hero in the second book.  The Da Vinci Code is definetly full of suspense, action and mystery.  I would highly recommend this book and cn hardly wait for his next book Skeloton Key to come out in stores.
 I feel cheated,any amount paid for this is robbery!!!This is the worst book and storyline I've ever read.I tried to finish it but with little or no value in his story I couldn't stomach any more!Some of his ideas border on the insane,others demand you park your brain outside the door.<br/>Save your money don't buy this book.I wish I hadn't.
 There is no question that everybody should read this book.  It is very entertaining and full of very peculiar facts (assuming that they are true).  The writer skilfully turns religious history (highly sensitive and mostly boring subject to read) into a  page turning thriller.  I highly recommend it.<br/><br/>I have a general advise though, make sure that you read it on a weekend, as you will not be able to put it down.  I read it on a business trip with near disastrous consequences.
 What can be said about a book that is about religion,history, and murder. I like a book that I can sit and read to relax and enjoy. Not one that makes me want to stop and think.<br/>  If you like a good murder mystery this book has it. This is not a book that I would reread. It has to much to keep track of.
 All the elements of this book are false and should not be taken seriously. This is a book of fiction and it is also HIGHLY offensive to over 1.1 billion of the world's population. There are many more other books that are worth your time.
 This one was written with a clear running script. A different book then I usually read...but... It kept my attention ...I highly recommend it! I'm now on a mystery hunt! Gina
 Dan Brown's The Da Vinci Code purports to be an brainy thriller of the same stripe as Umberto Eco's <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Foucault-s-Pendulum/dp/015603297X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Foucault's Pendulum</a> or Iain Pear's <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/An-Instance-of-the-Fingerpost/dp/1573227951/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">An Instance of the Fingerpost</a>, but it isn't, quite: it's a stupid - very stupid - thriller spliced with rather a lot of meticulous (I'm not sure I'd necessarily stretch to "brainy") research on some cloak and dagger Christian stuff.<br/><br/>The research side is interesting enough, to be sure, and had Dan Brown set out to write and idiot's guide to Christian Symbolism in art and literature (i.e., had he left the thriller element out of it altogether), I'd have been more charitable in my assessment of his book. It is good meaty, controversial stuff. I couldn't give a fig whether it's true or not, to be honest, as long as it gets up the nose of the religious authorities, which apparently it has. Kudos to Mr. Brown for that.<br/><br/>But the thriller? Dear, oh dear. There's not one element of it that passes muster.<br/><br/>Firstly, the characterisation is astoundingly weak - so weak that it completely undermines the unfolding plot.  The gating question Dan Brown fails to answer is this: why would a four-by-two, dull-as-ditchwater university beak, actually do any of this?<br/><br/>Next, the dialogue throughout is awful (a large contributor to the woodenness of the characterisation) and about three of the characters seem to "chime" everything rather than saying it. Grrr.<br/><br/>Then the plot, however you look at it, is plain ridiculous. We asked to believe that, among other things (NB the following aren't really spoilers):<br/><br/>* pillar-of-respectability Robert Langdon, a world-renowned Harvard professor of symbolism, before even informally being accused of a crime he manifestly could not have committed, would seek to run from local judicial police (instead of co-operating with their inquiries) to the extent of (among other things) hot-wiring an armoured truck, breaking through police lines in a borrowed Range Rover and fleeing French airspace in an illegally chartered plane.<br/><br/>* the murder victim's grand-daughter Sophie - estranged from said victim for ten years (as a result of witnessing him participate in a bizarre sex cult) and a complete stranger to Langdon, herself an employee of the French Police's cryptology department to boot (convenient, eh wot?) - would be the prime mover in Langdon's decision to do, and his main accomplice in doing, this, thus (one would think) completely obliterating her own career in public service in the process for the sake of a dead man she manifestly thought was a pervert.<br/><br/>* on the run from the French judicial police (as well as a rather nasty bovver boy from Vatican hardliners Opus Dei), said professor would frequently stop and deliver lengthy homilies to said granddaughter about L. Da Vinci, the Priory of Sion, the Merovingian Kings, the Knights Templar and all the other usual suspects of Christian legend.<br/><br/>* The point of the pair's flight from justice is apparently not to prove Langdon's innocence, nor solve the actual murder themselves, but instead to find - on this night, of all nights - documentary proof of the last resting place of the most Holy Grail itself.<br/><br/>* that this, along with all other action in the novel (and there's plenty more, you may rest assured) takes place in the course of one uninterrupted evening. About four lines in the novel suggest that Sophie and Robert may also get it on. What a busy pair!<br/><br/>Now I know fiction is all about the suspension of disbelief, but this is ridiculous. We are introduced to an increasingly ludicrous array of plot-functional characters as the drama goes on, whilst Brown spoon feeds his hysterical theories of Christian cover-ups, secret societies and hidden symbols by way of unsolicited authorial essay, pompous soliloquy (usually delivered, as noted, in the teeth of approaching police and/or bovver boys), or straight-out travelogue. There are pages of The Da Vinci Code that read like <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Let-s-Go-Paris/dp/0312385811/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Let's Go Paris</a>.<br/><br/>Where the opportunity really knocked was to fold the symbolism Brown has researched into the text of the novel itself. This is what sets apart the likes of Umberto Eco - real skill in the craft of writing. None is in evidence here. There is no figurative structure at all, which is remarkable for a book all about hidden codes, so it is really a straight out holiday page-turner.<br/><br/>Which is why the masses like it, and have bought it in their droves: The Da Vinci Code is a dead easy read, but one can feel the achievement of having read (and understood!) a book described on its cover as "erudite".<br/><br/>Makes me sound like a snob, doesn't it?<br/><br/>So be it.<br/><br/>Olly Buxton
 Read a real history book if you want to know the truth. Anyone who knows history would think this book is trash.
 I have found that in religious discussions, people tend to believe what they want to believe.  Having once been one who looked at Bible-believing Christians with amused contempt, I know that was true for me.  I am grateful I took coursework on the history of Christianity at a time in life when I had an open-mind.  It actually stimulated my faith, partly because I was able to approach the subject without the blinders of hatred for Christians or anti-intellectual religious doctrine.<br/>That said, Dan Brown's book is a perfect example of how to take advantage of widespread biblical and historical illiteracy in our society.  It is an Oliver Stone approach to biblical history.<br/>So much of this book shows a general ignorance of core Christian texts and of the history of Christianity.  Brown's characterization of conspiracies within the early church<br/>could only be believed by someone with no knowledge of how the early church started, or its theology, or the persecutions it faced in the first 300 years.  Brown even gets basic chronologies wrong.<br/>This is a work that will play well to nominal catholics who resented their upbringing and never truly chose nor understood the Bible or its teachings.  Those are the types who feel the need to respond to a mythical early church as if it were filled with conspiracies and overpowering hierarchy.  But those who have read a little history and a little Bible will find this to be a work as laughable as Howard Dean's assertion that his favorite book of the New Testament is "Job."  When you acquaint yourself with the humility, the purity, the conviction and the spiritual maturity of the earlier Christians, you'll be embarassed you ever fell for this garbage, and you may look at the apostles and the latter-day descendants of that movement (ie. evangelical Christians) in a whole new light.<br/>If you want a real book on this time period, get the multi-volumed set on the "Rise and Fall of the Roman Empire."  You'll be acquainted with historical facts, not sophomoric tripe.  It is still the seminal work on the history of Rome and of the rise of the Christian movement.  You'll learn historical fact, rather than filling your head with irrational prejudice and conspiratorial thinking from a third-rate author like Dan Brown.<br/>Ben in Derwood
 I was so riveted to this book I could not put it down....all the information and places....very interesting.....highly reccommend.
 Dan Brown certainly has an ax to grind against the Roman Catholic Church.  This book is a blatant example of anti-Catholic bias.
 After all the hype, what a waste!<br/><br/>I thought the story was very lacking. No character development and not original.  The whole premise of the book is contained in three pages in the middle of the book that are portrayed as historical fact but given no support.<br/><br/>This is the type of book that is what libraries are intended for.  A book not worth paying good money for.
 Wow.  What a fun book.  I whimsically picked it up without planning to read the whole thing.  I just wanted to see what was in the first chapter.  It was definitely captivating.  I not only read the whole  book, it was hard to do anything else but read the next chapter.  What a grand ride.  Dan Brown is a fabulous storyteller.
 Dan Brown can come up with a decent story, but his writing skills leave MUCH to be desired. A third-grader could read this mess.
 As an active Mormon (Latter-Day Saint), I could not put down this book, because for me the basis of the story is NOT FICTIONAL. Mormons who know thier history know that Brigham Young and other Mormon apostles revealed that Jesus Christ was married to Mary Magdaline and other women had had children. (See refernces below). I could not wonder if it was a coincidence that Brown came up with the basic idea for his plot from reserching old Mormon documents. Regardless, it make the book even more special and brings our doctrine to to life even though the rest of his story is obviously fiction. This book gave me goosebumps! I highly recccomend this book to other LDS members and if you are not LDS, when you read this imagine that it is really based on fact. It will make it even more exciting. I give it the highest rating!<br/><br/>Statements by LDS (Mormon) General Authorities that Jesus was married during his lifetime and ministry on earth:<br/><br/>The First Presidency and Apostles and other leading authorities of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints solemnly proclaim that Jesus Christ was married to Mary magdaline in mortality, had children, and was a polygamist.<br/><br/>LDS Apostle Orson Hyde stated in a LDS conference address: "I discover that some of the Eastern papers represent me as a great blasphemer, because I said, in my lecture on Marriage, at our last Conference, that Jesus Christ was married at Cana of Galilee, that Mary, Martha, and others were his wives, and that he begat children.<br/><br/>All that I have to say in reply to that charge is this  they worship a Savior that is too pure and holy to fulfill the commands of his Father. I worship one that is just pure and holy enough "to fulfill all righteousness;" not only the righteous law of baptism, but the still more righteous and important law "to multiply and replenish the earth" (Journal of Discourses vol. 2, p.210).<br/><br/>"Sermon by President Orson Hyde, The Judgments of God on the United States-The Saints and the World" A Sermon by President Orson Hyde, Delivered in the Tabernacle, Great Salt Lake City, March 18, 1855. (Journal of Discourses, 26 vols.  London: Latter-day Saints' Book Depot, 1854-1886], 2: 202.)<br/><br/>Jedediah M. Grant, second counselor to LDS Church President Brigham Young, made these comments in the Salt Lake Tabernacle on Temple Square: "Celsus was a heathen philosopher; and what does he say upon the subject of Christ and his Apostles.... He says, "The grand reason why the Gentiles and philosophers of his school persecuted Jesus Christ, was, because he had so many wives; there were Elizabeth, and Mary, and a host of others that followed him." ...<br/><br/>The grand reason of the burst of public sentiment in anathemas upon Christ and his disciples, causing his crucifixion, was evidently based on polygamy.... A belief in the doctrine of a plurality of wives caused the persecution of Jesus, and his followers. We might almost think they were "Mormons". (Journal of Discourses, vol. 1, pp.345 46). "Uniformity" A discourse by Elder Jedediah M. Grant, delivered in the Tabernacle, Great Salt Lake City, August 7, 1853. (Journal of Discourses, 26 vols.  London: Latter-day Saints' Book Depot, 1854-1886], 1: 341.)<br/><br/>Apostle Orson Hyde taught: "It will be borne in mind that once upon a time, there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee; ... no less a person than Jesus Christ was married on that occasion. If he was never married, his intimacy with Mary and Martha, and the other Mary also whom Jesus loved, must have been highly unbecoming and improper to say the least of it. I will venture to say that if Jesus Christ were now to pass through the most pious countries in Christendom with a train of women, such as used to follow him, ... he would be mobbed, tarred, and feathered, and rode not on an ass, but on a rail....At this doctrine the long faced hypocrite and the sanctimonious bigot will probably cry, blasphemy! ... Object not, therefore, too strongly against the marriage of Christ ..."  (Journal of Discourses, vol. 4, pp.259 60).<br/><br/>"Sermon by Orson Hyde, Man the Head of Woman-Kingdom of God-The Seed of Christ-Polygamy-Society in Utah" A Sermon, by President Orson Hyde, Delivered in Great Salt Lake City. (Journal of Discourses, 26 vols.  London: Latter-day Saints' Book Depot, 1854-1886], 4: 257.)<br/><br/>President Brigham Young replied to "Gentiles" who stated that polygamy was one of the "relics of barbarism". "Yes, one of the relics of Adam, of Enoch, of Noah, of Abraham, of Isaac, of Jacob, of Moses, David, Solomon, the Prophets, of Jesus, and his Apostles"<br/><br/>(Journal of Discourses vol. 11, p.328). "Discourse by President Brigham Young, The Improved Condition of the Saints"-Preparation Necessary to Build up the Centre Stake of Zion-The Law of Moses Given in Consequence of Rebellion-No True Pleasure without the Spirit of the Lord. Discourse by President Brigham Young, delivered in the Tabernacle, Great Salt Lake City, February 10, 1867. (Journal of Discourses, 26 vols.  London: Latter-day Saints' Book Depot, 1854-1886], 11: 320.)<br/><br/>On another occasion Brigham Young said: "The Scripture says that He, the LORD, came walking in the Temple, with His train; I do not know who they were, unless His wives and children ..." (Journal of Discourses vol. 13, p.309). "Discourse by President Brigham Young,<br/><br/>Gathering the Poor-Religion a Science". Delivered in the Tabernacle, Ogden City, Nov. 13, 1870.<br/><br/> (Journal of Discourses, 26 vols.  London: Latter-day Saints' Book Depot, 1854-1886], 13: 299.)<br/><br/>Orson Pratt commented: "... it will be seen that the great Messiah who was the founder of the Christian religion, was a polygamist, ... the Messiah chose to ... by marrying many honorable wives himself, show to all future generations that he approbated the plurality of wives under the Christian dispensation...."  (The Seer, p.172)<br/><br/>Apostle Orson Pratt's statement that Mary, the mother of Jesus, was God the Father's plural wife.<br/><br/>Apostle Orson Pratt stated: We have now clearly shown that God the Father had a plurality of wives, one or more being in eternity, by whom He begat our spirits as well as the spirit of Jesus His first Born, and another being upon the earth by whom He begat the tabernacle of Jesus, as his only begotten in this world. We have also proved most clearly that the Son followed the example of his Father, and became the great Bridegroom to whom kings' daughters and many honorable wives were to be married. We have also proved that both God the Father and our Lord Jesus Christ inherit their wives in eternity as well as in time; ... it would be so shocking to the modesty of the very pious ladies of Christendom to see Abraham and his wives, Jacob and his wives, Jesus and his honorable wives, all eating occasionally at the same table, ... If you do not want your morals corrupted, and your delicate ears shocked and your pious modesty put to the blush by the society of polygamists and their wives, do not venture near the New Earth; for polygamists will be honored there, and will be among the chief rulers in that Kingdom."  (The Seer, p.172)
 Great book, nice having it on tape to listen to in the car. Its so good that I am going to listen to it over and over again. Its very interesting. It is a fictional book, which is important to note, especially for the folks out there who are gullible and think that its true. Jesus was NOT married, and the Priori never existed. Great book.
 I haven't read such a good book in a long while. I love "detective" / puzzle / mystery type of novels (Sherlock Holmes, Christie, Elizabeth George, Forsyth, le Carre ...), and this book has all these plus more. Without placing much of a spoiler, I'll try to let non-readers know why ...<br/>1) Brown's book is very tightly woven - he had a lot of "clues" upfront, there are no loose strings. Compared to George's thick tome with a lot of fluff and heart-rendering fillers, "Da Vinci Code" was fast paced.<br/>2) One needn't understand "artsy" stuff to enjoy this book. Brown explained it succinctly, yet enough for general readers to follow the story.<br/>3) A powerful message within, makes one wants to think about ... life, the universe etc<br/>4) After one finished reading, one could go back re-reading immediately without feeling bored -- there's so much discovery along the way.<br/>5) Although I had visited Louvre 10+ years ago, it makes me want to re-visit, to "prove" the "facts" of his fiction. There are commentaries that this work is fiction, though Brown had a disclaimer at the front to say all descriptions of art are accurate ... Needless to say, this book also brought about cultural appreciation.
 If you have read HOLY BLOOD, HOLY GRAIL (1983) or similar books you may find this story entirely too predictable to enjoy.  The central plot twists are based on traditions, speculations and legends previously published in other books.  If you are not at all familiar with these theories you will probably enjoy the story.  Whether you believe them or not the theories are interesting enough to carry the plot.
 I generally use the Da Vinci code as a litmus test to weed out intelligent folk from the masses. Less than 30 pages into this trite, useless book that relies on sitcom hinges and the average person lack of historical knowledge, I wanted to stab my eyes out with a plastic spork.<br/><br/>Even when borrowed from the library, you've paid too high a fine to read this trash.
 I'm glad some other people have had the same experience as me. When I first read all the reviews, I thought this might the book of the decade or something.<br/>I'm not going to spend time debunking the facts vs. fiction or whether I believe any of what is stated in the book... smarter, more well-read people than myself have done so at great length. However, I am a writer, and so I'll base my opinion the quality of writing, storytelling, plot, foreshadowing, and the like.<br/>I could forgive lack of character depth if the writing itself was tight (M. Crichton is the best at that), but its not. There were so many flashback's I often forgot where we were in the story. I still don't know anything about the characters even after finishing the book. Everything about them is told, nothing is shown. It's like being spoon fed pre-digested food; your brain never has to work at understanding them.<br/>Part of the problem with writing about secret societies is, well, they're secret. So witholding information in a mystery-like fashion is a bit unecessary... since the vast majority of the readers wouldn't know the first thing about them.<br/>Over all, the plot is interesting, but the story is abysmal. When they were on the plane and whats-his-face kept flashing back to his lectures, I actually decided I wasn't going to listen anymore. It was as if Mr. Brown had done all this research, put it in order, then tied it together with a couple of lame characters and then sent it to his editor. But I plodded on, hoping it would become better. I mean, come on, 80% of this book takes place either riding in cars or riding on planes... who would call that exciting?<br/>Anyway, I'm probably being a bit over critical, but I've tried for years to break into the 'published' world, and I can tell you if you weren't Dan Brown and this was your first novel, they'd laugh you out of their offices.<br/>oh well...
 I do not like the premise of this book.  It casts doubt on Christianity and the true nature of God.  It disturbs me that this is on the best-seller list, and that millions of people are being exposed to this rubbish.  Your time would be much better served by reading The Purpose-Driven Life by Rick Warren.  He describes the truth of Christianity with such wisdom that your life will be transformed forever.
 Hey yall, this is FICTION! Brown is a talented author, but if you want real answers, truth, infallible words... read the BIBLE! That's where you'll find everything you need! Dont look to this book if you're in search of something. It can do NOTHIN for you! Go cop a copy of the greatest book around- the Bible! :)
 I read lots of different types of books, some written for braniacs and some not. This said, I might even consider myself semi-well-read. So take my opinion for what its worth:<br/><br/>This book is so poorly written, I cannot imagine recommending it to anyone over the age of 15. I am 35, college-educated and even used to read Stephen King relatively energetically... but this book, whooooo.... its so bad. The story has lots of potential, even kind of a good story, the kind you could tell at a dinner party... but the way its written puts it on the shelf next to the Fabio-airbrushed covers of cheap romance pulp... if I still had it. Which I don't. Second hand shop around the corner has my copy.
 no matter if dan brown has done his research or not, the fact that jesus, as described in the bible, never was is a solid fact with or without this book. so read it for what it is;  great entertainment and an easy read. if you want to find out the truth about if jesus walked on water, read a basic book of physics.
 Torture, plain &amp; simple.  Inhuman, unholy, horrific torture.  This is one of the worst books I have ever had the misfortune to lay across my eyes.  As I writer I have personally made my publisher vow on the souls of his children to place a pistol between my eyes and shoot me at point blank range should I ever ever create something as monstrous as this "novel".  The writing is over-the-top melodrama, the plot unbelievably ridiculous.  I wanted to tear my eyes out of their sockets to relieve them of the cruelty I subjected them to by forcing them to look upon and process this pile of dingo dung.  For the love of all that is holy, stay away from this book.  You'll thank me for not reading it, I promise you. Oh! The humanity!
 I've never been in Paris. I wasn't a DaVinci's fan and didn't know much about his works &amp; paintings except Mona Lisa. When I picked up Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code to read, I did have a hard time to follow the Da Vinci's works and some sightseeings in Paris described in the book. Thus, I had my computer connected to Internet besides me to dig out different paintings and photos of what the book mentioned like Louvre, Pentacle, The Last Supper, Opus Dei Headquarters, etc. Luckily, The Da Vinci Code Special Illustrated Edition is just out.<br/><br/>I couldn't wait and purchased immediately regardless I have the regular hardcover edition of Da Vinci Code, which I plan to give it to one of my friends. This Special Illustrated Edition is not a cartoon or comic edition of Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code, nor it is an abridged version. It's a full original version embedded with over 126 colorful pictures &amp; photos besides the text. It saves you lots of time &amp; effort to search from Internet if you don't know how Château de Villette looks like, the overview map of the Louvre, and many other scenes, buildings, paintings mentioned in Dan Brown's Da Vinci Code. Overall, it's LOVELY!<br/><br/>Undoubtfully Dan Brown has done amazing jobs to his book "The Da Vinci Code". The story is powerful and magnificent. Mixing with a lot of traceable truth and facts, he made his novel sound extremely convincing and inevitably deluded you from what's real and what's fictional. However, please don't take it too serious, it's just a novel, not a research paper trying to make a breakthrough statement. Overall, the book has quite a lot of twists shocking you. Even the ending has double meanings. Make sure you read the Epilogue chapter, or you won't know where the Holy Grail rests that Dan Brown suggested as the poem below:<br/><br/>  "The Holy Grail 'neath ancient Roslin waits.<br/>  The blade and chalice guarding o'er Her gates.<br/>  Adorned in masters' loving art, She lies.<br/>  She rests at last beneath the starry skies."<br/><br/>For people who love deciphering codes, Dan Brown wisely placed some codings on the regular hardcover edition's paper cover. If you pay attention you may find some bold fonts seemed appearing randomly. Link them up and you should see a hint to read.<br/><br/>(Reviewed by Otto Yuen, 21-Nov-2004)
 It's hard to explain why there's been such a fuss over this novel. Sure, it digs the Christian religion's grave just a bit more, but c'mon, it's only a novel. It's fiction. That MEEEEAANS....it's FALSE! It's not true, it's fake! If you buy a work of fiction looking for concrete facts, get a head check. Nobody's saying there's absolutely nothing true in this book, but it's not a history book, it's a suspense novel.<br/><br/>However. I loved this book, because it makes history (false or not) very VERY interesting. I seriously couldn't put my iPod down, and that's what's so great about this novel (NOVEL!), it's about history and the church, but it's actually interesting. With the anti-book revolution today, people need to be praising Dan Brown for writing a thick book that everyone has read. Bravo.<br/><br/>I'm done with my rant/ramble. I hope this helped. Praise da Vinci!
 One of my all time favorites.  It's a fascinating blend of religion and science that creates a bit of controversy, but very thought provoking.
 The Da Vinci Code will keep you on the edge of your seat! Make sure you have plenty of time to read it 'cause you won't want to put it down until the very last page! Anyone who loves a good treasure hunt filled with suspense and intrigue will love this book.
 The book was a real page turner. The first few chapters had me wondering about where the book was going. Be patient. It all comes together with a great ending. Aside from that, the book got me thinking about possibilities other than what organized religion would have us believe. And, it got me thinking about other related subjects that turned out to be quite interesting. Read the book, you'll see what I mean!
 This book is moderately well written, it has no serious continuity gaps but has a lot of fiction and not enough truth to intertwine with to make a decent pseudo-scientific fiction.<br/>Dan Brown lacks the power of a good storyteller to make his readers belive his "facts", and also, his supposed riddles are weak and an insult to try to make us belive that an educated mind would have trouble solving them, much less, survive the ages without anyone being the wiser.<br/>A good read for anyone interested in "hardy-boys" type of books.
 I got bored after 1/4 of the book. I learned a little about symbolism and it raised some question. But - the plot is like a script for a bad B-film.
 Specious drivel picking up on the US obsession with conspiracy theory, aimed at the lower intelectual eschelons.<br/><br/>And of course the US susceptibility to marketing manipulation.<br/><br/>Can't believe that anybody takes it seriously, religious or not. A decent novel makes it easy to "suspend disbelief", this makes it impossible.<br/><br/>Dan Brown - low class con-man.<br/><br/>Mike Wren, New Zealand
 I bought this book only after hearing all the praise for it.  It will be a long time before I make that mistake again.  Unlike many reviewers I'm not a stranger to cryptography, Paris, the Louvre, or the history of the Templars.  I found this book to be really irritating, a child could detect the flaws in the plot.  I was actually angered by the ending.  I seriously doubt that I will ever again read a book by this author.
 This rating system doesn't have an option for a "no star" because it doesn't deserve it. I wasnt surprised when I heard this book was going to be published because if you are a true christian you wouldn't believe one bit of information it tells you. This book confuses christian believers and make them think twice about whether their belief is true or false? People these days will come from every corner to lure you into their stories and believe that they hold the truth and evidence for christianity beliefs. I for one, am a true christian and I will stick to what I believe and that is Jesus Christ, Is-Have Been-And Forevermore will be the Son of God, the Beginning and the End, the Alpha and the Omega, the Life, the Truth, and the Way.
 THIS WAS A GREAT BOOK I REALLY ENJOY NOVELS BY DAN BROWN AND THIS WAS NO EXCEPTION.  I LOVE TO READ ABOUT ROBERT LANGDON AND HIS WHIRL WIND ADVENTURES, AND CAN'T WAIT FOR ANOTHER ONE
 I was not brought up in a religious house so I have always been a little skeptical when it comes to church doctrine. This is why I found this book so appealing, it gave me the readers digest version of church history and the controversy that surrounds it. It may be fiction, but it's more interesting than plain history/religion.
 I was introduced to the books of author Dan Brown only three weeks ago, but have quickly absorbed all four of his published works.  It is easy to see why some are comparing the work of Dan Brown and James BeauSeigneur (THE CHRIST CLONE TRILOGY).  Both Brown and BeauSeigneur deal masterfully with the more mysterious features of religion, politics, and science.  Both bring to light amazing bits of information, which they weave into the intricate patterns of their stories.  Both are highly imaginative and write with a ring of authenticity that makes for a compelling read.  While Brown compresses labyrinthine plots into brief time periods to provide page-turning suspense, BeauSeigneur trilogy is of epic proportion, covering several decades.  While Brown applies the mysteries of history to the drama of "today," BeauSeigneur uses both history and prophecy (from perhaps a dozen major world religions) to transport the reader from the world of today, to the very dawning of a new age in a story reminiscent of the scope of Asimov's classic, FOUNDATION.<br/>One other difference is that BeauSeigneur has taken the novel (pun intended and forgiveness is asked) approach of including footnotes in his books of fiction.  By doing so, he all but eliminates the necessity of suspending disbelief.  Few authors employ such strong factual grounding as to make footnotes useful, but I believe Brown's work (and his readers) would benefit from BeauSeigneur's innovation.
 I don't think anyone who tryies to take this book as "gospel" will enjoy it. I don't think that is the intention of the book. I really enjoyed the story and found myself captivated by the plot. It was very well read. For those who enjoy a murder/mystery - you will enjoy this book.
 After the hype, hysteria and all that time on the best-seller list, I was expecting something fairly spectacular (or at least, something as good as 'Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix'). At that, it took a cardinal bad-mouthing it to get me to buy and read it. Luckily, the used bookstore will take it on a trade-in - only about 100 pages used.<br/>The book reads like 'Robert Ludlum meets Judith Krantz meets Dean Koontz', not a happy combination. Is this really what passes for a 'best seller' these days? Or were all those people reading it because it was trendy?
 An excellent read, but it's truly SAD to think that some readers assume that Dan Brown's contrived history is factual and would even base their spiritual beliefs on a book of fiction.  Just read some of the other reviews to see what I'm talking about. It reminds of the guy who watched too many episodes of Highlander and decided he was an immortal! (I'm not making this up.)<br/>One reader compared Da Vinci Code to James BeauSeigneur's Christ Clone Trilogy and suggested that like BeauSeigneur, Brown should footnote all the factual material.  While BeauSeigneur and Brown have a similar style and both deal with controversial religious topics, BeauSeigneur can footnote the  facts in his fiction BECAUSE THEY ARE FACTS.  Brown's "facts" cannot be footnoted because they are a fictitious as the rest of the book.
 First this is an insult to Christians and I do not recommend books that attack the faith of others.  More importantly the misuse of facts in mind numbing.  He blatantly misrepresents dozens of facts to make them fit into his story.  The reason I like Clancey novels is the reason I hated this one.  It is worse than make-believe.
 Dan Brown seemed to be on every bestseller list in the world so I decided to find out what was so great about his books. I read The Da Vinci Code and I surely don't know why so many people want to read this boring book. The thin plot is spread through pages and pages of copy/page like information out of "more than you ever wanted to know about ... " pamphlets. I could skip a good deal of the book and still know what happened.<br/>A good thriller is so tightly written that one doesn't want to miss a word. Dan Brown should read Frances Fyfield to find out about good thriller writing.
 Dan Brown masterfully does many things. First of all, he proves himself to be a precocious student of the post-Christian literary school and a keen observer of neo-Gnostic tendencies in the reading public. With virtually unparalleled deftness, he weaves together a plot that caters perfectly to this intended audience: flat characters (because people want this book to be a simple read), an obsession with the occult and conspiracy (facilitates desperately sought-after escapism), and high adventure (in the cast of Indiana Jones and Tomb Raider). Secondly, he panders to a theory of the "sacred feminine" that has been en vogue since the publication of The Gnostic Gospels in 1979, giving it a flair of realism unachieved in earlier works.<br/><br/> Unfortunately, Brown's skills stop there--in a mirage of realism. At a very superficial level, this mirage of realism can be seen in the quality of his prose. While Brown's description of sweeping landscapes and pulsating action at first can leave a reader benumbed, a close reading of the text reveals its lack of depth. Rightfully has the text been bemoaned as "uninspiring" and "flat". Correctly, also, has the logic ostensibly holding the story together been lambasted as "bordering on non sequitur".<br/><br/> This mirage of writing adroitness is the least of Brown's concerns, however. What wrenches any shred of legitimacy or hint of true scholarship from the text is the porous nature of its presented facts. Time and again, Brown shows a complete ignorance of basic art, historical, and literary facts. Indeed, it is rare to find a single substantiated claim in his supposedly "meticulously-researched" work. While this may be attributed to the scope and ambitiousness of the topics covered, such attribution can scarcely defend the rampant incongruity between Brown's assertions and universally established and historically-corroborated facts.<br/><br/> To mention but a few of the grotesque errors and outright fabrications that form the very foundation for his plot would result in a book review almost as long as Brown's tome itself. As such, I have chosen to forego enumerating even the most salient of these in this review. In doing so, I imitate Brown's own style of poor citation. However, unlike Brown, I herein give the readers access to primary sources to demonstrate his shoddy scholarship. For the true historian, philosopher, student, and anyone else open-mindedly in pursuit of historical truth, I suggest reference to all of the links that can be found at the bottom of this review.<br/><br/> Please note that the following links represent a broad spectrum of theological and political viewpoints. I have intentionally done this so as to lessen the probability of institutional revisionism. To the same end, I have favored secular sources over religious ones. All the authors to whose pages this review is linked are world-renowned experts in the fields of art history, the occult, and the history of religion. It is they who have felt most repulsed by Brown's patent ignorance of their disciplines. And it is they who have spilled the most ink in debunking it.<br/><br/>(...)
 i dont know which narrator was reading the version i heard but whoever he was (i had the audio cassete version) he was a delight to listen to. he told the story with great accents and voices and it was a pretty cool tale. i definitely wouldn't read that book tho, it wasn't good enough to read, but the audio version was splendid
 I could not put this book down! Rarely do you find such a readable novel that is intelligently written and filled with thought provoking questions. I can't wait for the sequel!
 In DA VINCI CODE Dan Brown brings back Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon from ANGELS AND DEMONS. Like his earlier outing, DA VINCI is a page-turner that is hard to put down, full of plot twists at a breakneck speed as the search for the Holy Grail becomes a race to stay alive. DA VINCI is teaming with interesting trivia that makes it worth a second read.<br/>Also recommend: IN HIS IMAGE (The Christ Clone Trilogy, Book 1) by James BeauSeigneur for an equally enticing read.
 Friends lent this renowned book to my wife while we were visiting them.  We knew we were in for trouble when the book told us not once but twice in the first few pages of the "renowned curator" of the Louvre, as if we didn't get it the first time.  Rather than prose and plot that should be renowned, this novel serves up cliche after cliche in a grating, clunky style, as well as broadly-drawn caricatures like "The Bull" rather than actual characters.  Even the religious claptrap that has brought this book the opposite of renown in some people's eyes is rehashed mumbo-jumbo.  While a book of this quality would bring renown to an eighth-grader who managed to put it together, it is simply embarrassing that an adult would write something like this, and even more embarrassing that other adults would buy it.  Boring, tedious, and stupid, this book should be renowned for its badness.  If ever there were a print version of Mystery Science Theater for books, surely the Da Vinci Code would be the first one subjected to the MST3K treatment, which would finally be something of renown associated with this book.
 Quite simply put this is a fictional story designed to cast doubt on the TRUE word of GOD... The Bible. Don't waste your time or money...
 Have you read all by Shakespeare, Dostoevsky, Tolstoy, Hugo,  or Hemingway? O'Neill or Goethe? Or by other titans? Ignore this book and do not waste your time and mind! Hitler and Lenin would envy Dan Brown who managed to write this anti-God and anti-Human book! Full of blasphemy! If you think of your life after you join your beloved ones high, up with the Gentle Fella, then read the Bible and just beware of this book. Shame on the author! Though he did one great thing - all the people of all beliefs are united, and they are united against this blasphemy! Read prayers, think of your beloved ones and think about your life....
 This book is definitaly on my "Top books" list. Probably as #2, only topped out by another of Dan Brown's novels. I have read this book multiple times, and still catch things that I havent previously noticed. I would not, however, suggest this book to anyone under the age of 15 (...), belong to Opus Dei, have a strong belief in christian faith, or someone eaily disturbed with the mention of Christian churches hiding many facts. If you do not fit in the above categories, and are still reading, very good! Buy this book! Yes, there are some exagerated parts, but it has to be this way. It's fiction.<br/>I highly recommend this book, and if nothing else - it will hopefully open your narrow little mind to accept something different. (No offense intended)
 I am so amazed that such a poorly written book has garnered so much attention and praise.  This goes to show what American marketing can do for what's really a worthless peice of  choose your pleasure].<br/><br/>The writing is dull and lifeless.  It couldn't even pull me in.  I was amazed at how utterly boring the book was.<br/><br/>The pictures are the ONLY redeemable factor to this edition.  THe book itself is a merciless waste of trees.
 This book is wonderful for collection! With relating pictures almost on each page to go along with the text, it's like you're in the adventure too! They add the sense of excitement! If you're a Dan Brown fan, this is a MUST get!
 Do not buy this edition of the book!  I recently purchased my copy and found pp. 267-98 missing.
 This book is very confusing and not base on the bible, I think it is just some people who don;t really understand the Bible and have nothing to do so they just write books.
 This book is very difficult to put down and I have been so engrossed in it that I actually forget the time and get to bed much later than usual.
 It was awesome, inspiring and inspired a desire to investigate further symbologies and other rituals taken for granted over the years.
 truly  riveting .. the narrator does a terrific job.. u wish the story would never end.
 You should stay away from this book.  Like a kid should stay away from a cliff.  Like a clean person should stay away from a septic tank.  Like a little girl should stay out of sex chat rooms.  You should stay away from this book.  Consider yourself warned.
 Amazing how suspense and pace of a novel can be destroyed by<br/><br/>a narrator, for whom the word pronounciation seems to be unknown. the book is chilling, a pageturner, the audiobook is boring. dont<br/><br/>ever let this person read a book again, please.
 To be fair, I haven't looked through this volume yet.  But I did pick it up to see if he was going to illustrate a big gaffe I discovered and brought to the public's attention via a specially illustrated webpage which brought me rave reviews and was featured on rense.com.  In the space of two weeks there were over 2,600 visitors to the page.  The page is no longer available 'cause I moved from WebTV to cable access.<br/><br/>There is no doubt Dan Brown knows how to make a buck from the gullible.  In his latest book he illustrates his disdain for the intelligence of his books' readers.  In "The Da Vinci Code", Dan writes on page 334 (paperback edition) as follows: 'And here too,' Langdon said, pointing now to the crowd of disciples near Peter.  'A bit ominous, no?'  Sophie squinted and saw a hand emerging from the crowd of disciples.  'Is that hand wielding a dagger?' 'Yes.  Stranger still, if you count the arms , you'll see that this hand belongs to ...no one at all.  It's disembodied.  Anonymous.'<br/><br/>Bull! That hand holdig a knife belongs to Peter!  And so it was drawn by Leonardo if you'll take the trouble to find his sketch published in many books.  My webpage was devoted to this single subject with a photo of the sketch, and photos of me posing in the same pose as Peter to show that the reason that the hand looks disembodied is that the "Last Supper" has suffered irrevocable deterioration and the details showing the complete arm/hand have been lost.<br/><br/>The worst part of this b.s. is that Director Ron Howard will probably include this bit of bull in his movie of "The Da Vinci Code."  Once a stupid idea takes hold, it gets worse, except to a few intelligent individuals such as me who has eyes to see, and a damn good brain!  If you want to be fooled, Dan Brown is the guy to do it.
 I could not put this book down. It made me proud to be a woman ;o) I think that it is a must read for every one.
 this book reignited my long lost love of book I thought that it was beautifully written with great detail and most incredible pros.
 Very well written and well paced, but poorly researched and rather contrived. Interesting, but essentially just a formulaic page turner.
 The Da Vinci Code.<br/><br/>What can I say?<br/><br/>Dan Brown's wildly popular Da Vinci Code is one rollicking good piece of fiction.<br/><br/>I will be the first in line to see the movie based on this wonderful piece of fiction.<br/><br/>It is a taut, fast paced, fun-filled piece of fiction.<br/><br/>Well written. Suspenseful. Intriguing. Fiction.<br/><br/>Read it if you really enjoy good fiction.<br/><br/>Have fun with its carefully, finely crafted twists, and turns of fiction.<br/><br/>A great book if you love fiction.<br/><br/>Buy it as fiction.<br/><br/>Read it as fiction.<br/><br/>Enjoy it as fiction.<br/><br/>Forget about it as fiction.<br/><br/>A nicely printed, well bound, thrilling, fun-filled work of fiction.<br/><br/>It is pure, ummm, what's the word I'm searching here for?  - Unh, that's it! FICTION!<br/><br/>Don't believe a single word of it, it is fiction.<br/><br/>Based on that, I highly recommend it!<br/><br/>If you like fiction.<br/><br/>Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary<br/><br/>Entry for: Fiction<br/><br/>Pronunciation: 'fik-sh&amp;n<br/><br/>Function: noun<br/><br/>1 a : something invented by the imagination or feigned; specifically : an invented story b : fictitious literature (as novels or short stories) c : a work of fiction; especially : NOVEL<br/><br/>The Da Vinci Code - ITS FICTION!
 What a fantastic book, the way the right wing and catholics are over reacting to it...It must be the truth.
 Like some of your readers, I found The Da Vinci Code to be a fun summer pastime.  But although I am no art history expert, I found some of the errors to be disconcerting.  In the first place, most art lovers refer to the artist as "Leonardo", in the same way they call Raphael and Michelangelo by their first names.  No one would dream of referring to them as "Buonarroti" or "Sanzio."  Also, Leonardo did not have "hundreds of lucrative Vatican commissions."  He didn't even have hundreds of commissions period.  Considering his genius and his long life (69) his output is surprisingly meagre.  And his disappointment at receiving no commissions from the Medici pope Leo X, a fellow Florentine, is well documented.  Furthermore, Leonardo's Adoration of the Magi has no paint on it at all.  Only the underpaint, the preparatory ground, which is not grey-green but reddish brown.  No one has ever painted over it, unlike The Last Supper, which was painted over many times.  Surely the most rudimentary research would have prevented these errors.
 This is enticing hoax, shown to be that in many books by much better researchers and historians than this author. I recommend you see and read my review in "Da Vinci Code: Fact or Fiction?" by Maier and Hannagraf.<br/><br/>There you will find that from the outset Brown deceives by assuming as "fact" something that is fiction and has been proven to be so: that of the Priority of Sion.<br/><br/>As well, he is deceptive on Constantine as well as the voting at the Council of Nicea.  The noted review above spells all that out.<br/><br/>As polarized as our culture is it is easy to see how some on both sides seek to distort and standarize the falsification and misleading of people honestly seeking the truth on such issues as Christ, evolution, etc.  To make fiction fact, and the opposite is becoming too characteristic of our culture.  Many will unfortunately read this fiction of a book and assume it disproves the claims of Christianity easily and decisively.<br/><br/>For this the author has made a serious mistake.  Although his plot is intriguing, it is seriously flawed from the outset and he makes no such claim that it is fantasy and fraud.  Unless he has other proof for which he has not provided.<br/><br/>Smacks of the problem with the culture elites such as CBS News and Dan Rather.  Our country deserves better than this.
 Initially I was drawn to this book because it been a best seller for so long.  As a born-again christian, I was deeply hurt by this book.  It just breaks my heart to see blashamy go so main stream.
 I wanted to like it.<br/>No, I really did -- it was recommended in such glowing terms, so many whispers and knowing looks passed between those who had ventured before... when I sat down to read it, I was ready to devour it. And I did. However, rather than the fine feast, the rarified treat, that I'd been promised, I found instead a food court that offered m.s.g. laden Lo Mein, soggy buns wilting beneath ketchupy barbeque: a grotesque, sloppy affair that left me feeling bloated, tricked and saddened by the low standards employed by the reading public when they plunk down $30 for a new hardcover.<br/>Having spent a number of years selling books, I came to embrace the idea that just because a book is popular, it isn't necessarily bad (of course, a book's obscurity in no way implies high quality). It is so frustrating, however, when a bad book makes good.<br/>Maybe it was popular because it was summertime, and because it was a VERY quick read, and because everyone was talking about it, maybe it was a strain of Emperor's New Clothes Syndrome. But how does that explain the book's continuing popularity? How did it cross the equinoctial border that divides summer reading from autumnal brooding?<br/>More than anything, "The Da Vinci Code" reminded me of a paint-by-numbers -- the grass is # 5, the sky is #2. All the tires "screech," all the heights are "dizzying." It was written as though Mr. Brown had consulted (studied) a manual on thriller writing, and had then written 17 blocks of boilerplate text that were swapped around for the next 200 pages.<br/>In my Libran way, however, I must balance everything I've said by mentioning that the characters (innocuous as a pile of mashed potatoes) all seemed like pretty decent people, which was nice. Even the bad guys were not without a certain (transparent) nobility. The twists and turns were mostly excruciatingly obvious, but the larger story caught me by surprise, which was fun, and I even said aloud, "oh, it's one of these stories," and read on with much less impatience. The inconsistencies in historical accuracy seemed no worse than those committed by television anchor people on an almost daily basis. I'm hoping that the ideas presented in the book help change voting patterns or throw a little slack into the stiff pedagogy of policy makers. That would be great and I would feel really bad about this tirade.<br/>Maybe I should change my rating. Maybe it is what it is and I'm overreacting. I'm sure that the book's popularity in no way reflects a declining national intelligence and a general lack of interest in accuracy. After all, ours is a country teeming with the obese; perhaps what we really crave is m.s.g., perhaps all we want is a sagging paper plate overflowing with cheap barbeque and fast food. That kind of deliciousness certainly has its place. BUT it needn't be awful to look at.
 My boyfriend reccomended this book to me and I expected to enjoy it.  But, being a third year art history major I was incapable of doing so.  I think that Dan Brown owes it to the world to note somewhere in his novel that the "facts" in his book are not facts at all.  The use of the name "Da Vinci" for Leonardo makes any medievalist cringe.  Nobody would have ever(and still almost never does)address him by this name cause all it does is indicate his location.  Even the "Ninja Turtles" cartoon got that one right.  Also, that could not have been Mary in the Last Supper.  That is definitely John who was often dressed in a feminine manner in paintings.  There is no such thing as a symbologist as far as I know and others have told me.  The rose window was not based on a rose.  The name rose comes from the Latin rota that refers to a wheel.  This is because Romanesque churches would sometimes depict this circular windows as a wheel of fortune.  I could go on and on.<br/>  Anyway, I thought it was a fun read.  I could not stand the elementary writing style but the exciting story let me mostly ignore that.  But, it is apalling that Dan Brown does not tell his readers that this is not fact at all and really much of it is not even theory.  He should have noted in his novel that the "facts" are mostly creations of his mind.
 The characters are predictable one dimensional cartoons, the good guys are the atheist tree hugging narcissistic pagans, the bad guys include a very pale man who believes in God; the hedonistic oh-so-witty and sophisticated heroes manage to have the upper hand at every turn so there is zero suspense once you catch on to his technique. This book is just not very good fiction plain and simple. Pass on this  ...]. Go waste your money on something  ...] fattening, but please do not encourage the dumming down of the reading public.
 All hype, very little to offer. Just skip it. Believe me, you'll forget it in a day if you spend the time to read it. Too bad it is such a big bestseller....lowers the bar, in my opinion. Do yourself a favor and pick up a book by Anne Tyler or Alice Hoffman. Musch more rewarding then this trite book.
 Seventy pages into Dan Brown's surprisingly putdownable potboiler, the inevitably green-eyed, French-accented code cracker Sophie Neveu sighs, "This is not American television, Mr Langdon." Oh, Sophie, if only that were true. You know a book owes too much to the screen when an albino assassin appears on the very first page, and rather than taking the time to construct an original variant on the intelligent-action-man hero you're simply instructed to think of Harrison Ford - in tweed. This is a movie, pure and simple: a thinly plotted, strongly visual, mildly entertaining Hollywood chase movie about cardboard characters (replete with sappy childhood flashbacks) and with enough Opus Dei-bashing to make it a fast-acting antidote to "The Passion of the Christ." Crammed full of supposedly arcane revelations about mathematics, religion, symbolism and art - most of which read like verbatim downloads from Google - the "intellectual" content won't be dazzling or new (forget accurate) to anyone even slightly inquisitive about these topics. Worse, it's presented with a juvenile fascination for "connections" that would embarrass the most seasoned New Age charlatan. It all moves at a cracking pace, of course, and has enough scope and colour to hold your rapt attention for a few winter nights, and enough Catholic conspiracy theory to warm the heart of an atheist. But it's so devoid of literary merit, so apparently committed to the squandering of every opportunity to do anything interesting with the material - rather than just ape the narrative grammar of cinema - that it truly beggars belief. The characters are just names on the page, huge swathes of deadpan "I'm glad you asked"-style exposition pad out the clunky plot shifts, and because it's all so closely modeled on the rhythms of Hollywood nothing ever comes as a surprise - not a word, not an image, not a moment. This is post-literate prose at its direst, plugging directly into pre-fabricated scenarios, characters and images, absolving the reader of the need to imagine anything - which is why it's such a famously easy read. This is reality as a simulacrum of television, a copy of a copy, and about as convincing. It's an odd stylistic choice in a novel which takes as its theme the notion that great art depicts truths which evil empires would suppress. My advice? Save your time, and wait for the movie, i.e. wait until this story is presented in its natural form. I'm actually really looking forward to it. Seriously. I quite like the story, I just dislike the way it's presented here. It's fundamentally a puerile novel, but as a Hollywood movie I'm sure I'll be tickled by it. In the mean time, if you want to read the kind of novel this purports to be, get yourself a copy of Umberto Eco's "The Name of the Rose" or, better yet, "Foucault's Pendulum". If those don't grab you, at the very least try Donna Tartt's "The Secret History" - nothing to do with the Grail, but it's certainly more deserving of the "intelligent thriller" label than this. Is there really nothing better to be said for "The Da Vinci Code", as novel? Sadly, I'm with Harrison - I mean Robert: "Langdon considered it a moment, then groaned." (p.93)
 What worries me most about this book is that there are kids out there reading it whose minds are not yet able to distinguish between a good yarn and the truth. Brown takes a whole page at the beginning to state that the book is based on historical facts yet he makes no effort to credit documentation of these "facts".  All in all, this book promotes anger and potential hatred towards the church and its Bible while ignoring the fact that the Bible itself is an historical document as well as a story about Christ's love for mankind.  History is full of blunders perpetrated by man - the Crusades are a testament to this - yet the Bible should not take a beating because of the capability of man to make disastrous errors in judgement.  Brown's book is a work of fiction designed to appeal to a growing feminist movement. There is danger in being too open-minded - believe me it is your right to choose what to be close-minded about.  Anyone who takes this book seriously has a weak faith (if any) to begin with and will be even more confused the next time a book of this nature comes out with a new take on history.
 Once I began this extraordinary book, I could not put it down. "The Da Vinci Code" is so much more than a gripping suspense thriller. Dan Brown takes us beyond the main plot and leads us on a quest for the Holy Grail - a Grail totally unlike anything we have been taught to believe. With his impeccable research, Mr. Brown introduces us to aspects and interpretations of Western history and Christianity that I, for one, had never known existed...or even thought about. I found myself, unwillingly, leaving the novel, and time and time again, going online to research Brown's research - only to find a new world of historic possibilities opening up for me. And my quest for knowledge and the answers to questions that the book poses, paralleled, in a sense, the quest of the book's main characters. What a trip! What a read!<br/>A violent murder is committed in the Louvre Museum. The museum's chief curator, who is also the head of a remarkable secret society that has existed since the death of Christ, is found dead and gruesomely positioned on the floor near The Mona Lisa. In the minutes before he died, this very complex man was able to leave clues for his daughter to follow. The daughter, a brilliant cryptographer, along with a famed US symbologist, follow her father's codes and leads, hoping that he will, through his death, finally tell her what he wanted to confide in her while he lived.  The secret society included members such as: Leonardo Da Vinci, Boticelli, Gallileo, Isaac Newton, Victor Hugo, Jean Cocteau, etc. These folks really Did belong to this society, which Really existed! This is when I first began my online search.<br/>The mystery, or mysteries, take us through England, France and far back in time. We learn about the secret of the Knights Templar, and the symbolism in many of the world's most treasured paintings, as well as architectural symbolism in some of history's most sacred churches. Of course, we also learn who committed the murder and why - although this is almost secondary next to the real epic mystery the novel uncovers.<br/>If there are flaws in the plot, I was too busy reading to discover any. That is probably the sign of a terrific book! The writing is excellent and the characters are a bit on the super-hero/heroine side, but who cares? Is what "The Da Vinci Code" proposes true? Well, the research is correct. The historical events and people explored in the book are real. But no one knows the Truth...nor will we ever, probably. I think that some things are meant to be a mystery. With all the world's diverse religions and each individual's belief in what is Divine - the  Truth would have to destroy the beliefs, hopes and lives of many of the world's population. So, perhaps, in the divine scheme of things, there are many more Truths than one. Don't take the book too seriously. Just read it and enjoy!
 Enjoyable with some interesting ideas and a great adventure story.  Loved the historical detail and makes me want to visit those places.
 THE DA VINCI CODE has been on the top of the best-seller list for so long that I finally decided to read it and see why. The story of the book is common knowledge by this time so that much  of the mystery author Dan Brown traces so well is now a bit passe.  But THE DA VINCI CODE brings to light a few important lessons that inform about the reading public: first, there is obviously a large audience for 'who-dunnit' mysteries, second, there must be at least a little interest in matters ecclesiastic for a novel based on the Catholic Church/Knights Templar/Holy Grail/Opus Dei etc, and third (thankfully) there is evidence that the public is willing to dig in to a bit of art history and controversy that is in fact much more interesting that the information in the media today.  As far as a book is concerned, Dan Brown begins his "Novel" with a FACT sheet: "All descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents, and secret rituals  Opus Dei, Priory of Sion, Vatican, etc]in this novel are accurate".  That alone makes this book in evidence of a lot of research.  The action takes place in approximately 24 hours but the pace of the tale from France to England and back is breathless.  While the delivery of the story is at the speed of breaking the sound barrier, with the accompanying 'can't-put-it-down' reading situation, Brown doesn't really write with elegant prose, or make his caper characters much more than chessboard pawns as far as fleshing them out into people about whom we care.  This is not a book for those who love to languish in the beauty of the English language: there are no truly memorable passages that beg to be re-read because of their beauty of expression.  But given that, this is an obvious crowd pleaser and seems a sure bet for a movie - if Mel Gibson's PASSION doesn't steal  all its thunder.<br/>Writers write for different reasons; readers seek books for different needs.  THE DA VINCI CODE  is a fine escapist route to take on a plane trip or to devour when the world is too much with us.  Great literature it is not - and that really is OK!
 My favorite of Dan Brown's books. I love Robert Langdon and this story really spoke to me. Truly a thriller from start to finish, with excellent characters/locations and storyline, it was both intriguing and engrossing. I've read it twice and have seen the movie numerous times. Great book.
 Great series of books from a great science fiction writer
 When I read this years ago, I was smitten with all the deep twists and turns of historical references. While some of the references are real, and some are just of popular myth, Dan Brown's book was a great voyage into the bleak and dark mysterious unknown world of the Vatican, old religion, and new powers just trying to claim the world. Hurrah for a fast paced, intelligent adventure.
 I read this years ago in hard back and wanted it for my Kindle so when it popped up as free I snapped it up.  Dan Brown is the very best at murder mystery with history and Robert Langdon novels are full of action and intrigue.  The descriptive narrative is done in a way the allows your imagination to work overtime and paint the picture very well.  I have read all of Dan Brown's books and can honestly say they are all my favorites!
 This is one of the few books where I finished reading it, and said to myself, wow, the movie was a lot better. It's a quick and easy read, and full of all the historical inaccuracies that everybody complains about. I found the writing a little too simple for my taste, and Tom Hanks makes everything better anyway.
 great book
 I love Dan Brown's writing, but there is too much violence for me. That's nothing bad about the book or the writing, just my own preference. Dan Brown is an excellent writer and an inspiration for up and coming authors looking for success. If you like mystery, intrigue, conspiracy, religious fervor and history all rolled into one, this is it.
 Ty
 In perfect condition! 10/10
 Awesome book!!
 From the scenes in the Louvre to the climax in Rosslin Chapel, this story is well paced and fun. Not the most historically accurate, but it's not pretending to be anything but a thriller with a quest and bad guys chasing our hero.
 The Robert Langdon books are great for learning about history, art, and culture.
 I bought the book for my son who was in Jail, these were at his request which helped since I am a Prime Member with free shipping and the books he requested are at decent price.
 This Book made me think far more than I ever thought..It made me question what I held as severely personal Beliefs.  My life did change because of this book..aside from other factors.<br/><br/>The only downside: Short Chapters.  Ridiculously short.
 good
 Dan Brown hit another home run with this one.  I love the way he writes the intrigue in such a way that you just can't put it down. You will be on the edge of your seat as you read and try to figure out with Professor Langdon the next clue.  I loved the book!
 Great read
 The book and the movie were both just great. Re-read because in first reading I missed so much and I'll probably read again and again.
 This is the second time I am reading this book. As like the first time, I felt mesmerized. Amazing book from Dan Brown. Couldn't ask for anything better.
 This one is much better than Angels &amp; Demons. But if you have time, both are worth reading.
 well written and extremely good book! many facts were well researched about Catholics and many other things. I would recommend this book.
 Excellent book, quite an eye opener. Research is exceptional, coming from a theologian professor
 I enjoyed it, good pace, good storyline,  10/10
 Quality of the paper is a little bit not okey..everything else about it is good.
 An enjoyable adventure with drama and mystery involved
 Great Book
 Works as advertised.
 Interesting read.
 Thank you Dan Brown for creating such an entertaining character in Robert Langdon. Even the secondary and terciary characters are well written and interesting. I'm re-reading the Langdon books in anticipation of San's new book!
 I never thought that I would have liked this type of book, but this was great! It was exciting, imformative and I feel like I learned a lot as well. Since reading this I have read every Dan Brown book I could get my hands on!
 I enjoy historical fiction, so I liked this book. I also love English and French history, and the Templars are interesting, so that's kind of what kept me interested in the story.  It had some good twists and turns.
 Fun book, especially if we consider that it is fiction and based on little other than the author's imagination. Don't take any of the hidden (or overt) messages in the book seriously!
 This book is interesting, but I made the mistake of watching the movie halfway through and couldn't continue reading. Even after you finish the book, do not watch the movie as it is absolutely terrible. The book itself isn't half bad, but I preferred angels and demons.
 Great book, really takes you on an adventure. While the theologians may have issues with some of the time/topics, it is still a fiction book. I loved it and passed it around and around.
 Loved the way it made me stop and think about my religion.  There are really no words that truly express how much I loved this book.
 Unmemorable, badly written. I kept going, hoping the book would get better but it did not. I guess this was about hype.
 Enjoyed the Robert Langdon series.  I think Angels and Demons was actually better, but this was still an enjoyable story.
 A very well made novel the da vinci code.  If you haven't read it yet then what are you waiting for?  Go read it!
 Great find... Perfect!
 perfect
 A family member asked me for a recommendation for a good read in a mystery, and I was trying to think of what my favorite mysteries are of the multitude that I have read. One of Agatha Christie's for sure, Josephine Tey's story regarding King Richard, an Inspector Morse, and this book THE DA VINCI CODE would have to be in the top five.<br/><br/>If you love an international setting, art, architecture, discussions of spirituality, secret codes, and history, with a macabre murder as an inciting incident, this book combines all of the above. These are all of my favorite elements. As an additional plus, you have an intellectual Robert Langdon as a professor and an equally smart and accomplished Sophie Neveu as a French cryptographer investigating together to get at the mystery behind the murder.<br/><br/>Having taken writing classes, love to analyze different writer's styles and like to look at each word choice. In examining Dan Brown's prose in this book, realized there isn't one wasted word. In reading an interview with Brown, he said he writes and then distills it down over and over until only the essentials remain. It shows in the prose.<br/><br/>As an aside, our librarian used to babysit Dan Brown.<br/><br/>This is one of the most enjoyable mysteries I have read. It's a cerebral mystery, if you like that kind of thing.
 "The Da Vinci code" is pure genius - whether we care to entertain Dan Brown`s premise on this foundation of Christianity as anything beyond fiction, we must admit that it is a work of a genius that creates not merely a fantastic novel with countless sold copies, but also substantial commotion in the Christian world, matched with equally vast curiosity in the public about topics that are brought to surface by the novel: The Knight's Templar, the Holy Grail, Mary Magdalene, Royal bloodline, and a secret brotherhood society among the most intellectual minds at the time, Priory of Sion.<br/><br/>This book has so bravely weaved a new path from the beginning to the present world of Christianity, and in doing so, it has enraged and evoked intense desire for more knowledge on the subject.<br/><br/>Brown's gifted talent combines a most perfect setting in Paris, the excitement of an authentic story, the element of Christian history, two likable and well-developed characters - the professor of symbology, Dr. Robert Langdon, and the cryptologist, the beautiful French Sophie Neveu - along with conversations in French and superlative writing quality. Pure reading pleasure.<br/><br/>In the title, Da Vinci naturally refers to the true genius of our time, Leonardo da Vinci, and the code builds around the hidden meaning behind the works and mind of Leonardo da Vinci.  If he did not have my attention before, he certainly has the full grasp of it now.<br/><br/>It was mesmerizing for me to imagine the works of Leonardo da Vinci with the depth of hidden significance that Brown associates to them. The beloved Mona Lisa and her mysterious smile and the timelessness of that expression, lost as it is in a million interpretations and countless allegories, is now endowed with yet another secret.<br/><br/>The Last Supper, the phenomenal masterpiece by Da Vinci on the old dining room wall of Milano's Santa Maria del Grazie church, is mystified with a new identity at the side of Christ, that of Mary Magdalene. It was all a most delicious experience to be lost in Dan Brown's interpretations of Leonardo's masterpieces.<br/><br/>Robert Langdon wakes up in the Ritz Hotel with the news of a murder followed with a vague insinuation of his involvement. In the Louvre, Langdon and Sophie grapple with the first clues slashed across Jacques Sauniere's body - Oh Draconian Devil, Oh Lame Saint - only to find it a perfect ambigram for Leonardo da Vinci - The Mona Lisa - they race to the site of the painting. Anyone who has visited the Louvre knows this small priceless painting quietly hangs in the grand Salon Carre, a miniature for the enormous wall engulfing it, and yet a presence so real that you tremble in its magnificence.<br/><br/>The words scratched on the Mona Lisa - heavens forbid - So Dark the Con of Man - another anagram - lead us to another da Vinci masterpiece - Madonna of the Rocks - and thus to the mysterious key and the brilliant adventures which follow. Soon the object of their search is made apparent to them: The Holy Grail.<br/><br/>Brown brings us back to Leonardo's The Last Supper, and to my surprise, mistakenly calls this work a fresco - which it is not. It is a well-known fact that, much to the disappointment of the entire world including himself, Leonardo chose not to use the fresco technique on his mural, but rather a new technique he was experimenting with: oil and tempera (egg yolk and vinegar) painting on dry plaster.<br/><br/>As a result, the masterpiece which took him 4 painstaking years to complete, started to degenerate in his own lifetime. If we had a fresco in our possession, not only would we not mourn the eventual loss of this masterpiece as it slowly disappears into the wall despite the fortunes spent to restore it, we would also understand more of Brown's answers about the painting because it would be in pristine condition.<br/><br/>Brilliant book that expects you to think, to follow a complex and fun plot and to wonder perhaps at how much or how little we know about history and how much is yet hidden to be discovered.
 Written with both intelligence and breathless pacing, THE DA VINCI CODE is the perfect thriller.  The curator of the Louvre, Jacques Saunière, is attacked late at night in the deserted museum.  Left to die with a wound he knows will be fatal, he fears his ancient secret will perish with him and so desperately struggles in his last minutes to construct a series of cryptic messages, all designed to reveal the location of the truth.  The bizarre murder scene orchestrated by Saunière seems to implicate Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon,  who happens to be in Paris for a conference.  When, unaware that he is a suspect, Langdon is brought to the crime scene by police captain Bezu Fache, he meets Sophie Neveu, the cryptologist on the scene.  Together, Langdon and Neveu work frantically against time and personal safety to uncover Saunière's hidden life.  All clues point to the existence of a clandestine and powerful group, the Priory of Sion, and as the two track down and solve the clues, both historical and present-day, the shocking truth gradually begins to emerge.<br/>THE DA VINCI CODE, with its plot revolving around a secret religious society, has echoes (pardon the pun!) of Umberto Eco's FOUCAULT'S PENDULUM, although Dan Brown's novel is less dense and more easily read.  Brown's research into alternative Christian history may startle some people, perhaps even offend them, but the premise makes for an original thriller, one which isn't about terrorism or failed diplomacy or common murder.  I found the author's head-on acknowledgement of current technology refreshing for the genre. For example, when characters use a cell phone or travel in a stolen vehicle or use a credit card, there are realistic implications that many thriller authors might have conveniently ignored.  As odd as it sounds, these details make THE DA VINCI CODE the bestseller it is; it embraces the modern world in the race to discover a historical treasure.  Almost every plot twist is both logical and surprising.  Even those elements that can be easily foreseen end up with plot complications that enrich them, thus making this book a satisfying read.  Though the ending is not as strong as the rest, this book will give readers much to consider after they have finished reading it.<br/>THE DA VINCI CODE delivers everything a reader would want in a thriller - and more. Perfect for vacation or weekend reading, this 454 page novel will keep readers entertained from start to finish.  I highly recommend this book for a general readership, excepting those offended by an unorthodox look at Christianity.  As thrillers go, THE DA VINCI CODE is one of the best.
 I know that the world is still somewhat obsessed with this book, and I I guess I can understand why. It's a lot of fun, I will admit, and Dan Brown certainly did his homework, authentic or not, on some awesome bits of history and religion. This provides a super-fun mystery--hey, who doesn't appreciate a super-fun mystery with lots of fast-paced action?<br/><br/>However, so totally overrated! I think so much of the hype came from the supposedly controversial nature. You know what? Make up your own minds and stop letting fiction decide your beliefs for you!<br/><br/>It is definitely a fun read, but the characters are ridiculous, cliche, and flat, as well as the relationships.
 This was a 're read for me and I enjoyed it so much more this time.  WAS IT, I have aged, mellowed, or what?  I do not have a clue but I do know that this time around was so much more interesting, exciting and satisfying!  Dan Brown has the knack to bring more than just words to a novel, he has heart.  It's that heart that brings a book alive for us too enjoy.  I hope you will take the time that God gave us, to re read the ones you really enjoyed, I'll bet you will find as I have they are even better than they were the first time....ENJOY!
 This is one of those rare times when I truly did enjoy the movie more than reading the book. However, the book was a good read. The topic has much to do with the original popularity of the book in that some just can't separate fiction from reality, and the book does have everything going for it: an excellent story, good development, well thought out plot, not to mention how well the fiction weaves itself through elements of history. At no time did I consider not finishing the book, and, in fact, I looked forwarded to picking it up to continue.
 You don't need another review, do you? You just want to find out how I could give this fabulous book 2 stars. It has nothing to do with religion. I don't care about that. This book is stodgy and formulaic: every big, crashing, "surprise" is as predictable as the sunrise. I really did not look at the 5-star reviews: I wish I could get past lack of writing talent and let my imagination flower as do those of the people who loved this book. More power to 'em.
 I am catching up on "old" books. I had watched the movie adaptation and it wasn't to my liking. It is too fast-paced for my liking, really. The novel, now, that is my cup of tea. Unlike the movie, which seems to take elements from 007 without the necessary panache, the novel sets the right tone from the very start: it is sombre and descriptive. Highly recommended as a pleasant introduction to the Conspiracy-Mystery genre.
 Mr. Brown's novel is thousands of words about nothing.  The reader is taken on a long,  boring scavenger hunt for a prize that is never found.
 I have read this book multiple times and love it every time. The way Dan Brown writes keeps you engaged and unable to put it down. If you like history as well as a great thriller that is not scary look no further!
 One of the best books I've read in awhile! Kept me on my toes the whole time and surprised me at the end. Can't wait to finish the series and read the rest of the Robert Langdon series!
 My second read.  Hard to put down.  Interesting "facts" or notions that author claims are true, but with research might not be.  Scintillating.
 After all the hype, I was looking forward to reading this, but I was sorely disappointed. The plot may have been OK but the poor quality of the writing completely destroyed any potential enjoyment for me. Rightly or wrongly, I immediately dismissed the rest of Dan Brown's books as second-rate rubbish. This is surely a case of 'The Emperor's New Clothes'.
 Love it
 It's a really entertaining story, with lots of real facts.
 Full of suspense and well researched facts.
 This book was kept proped open in my desk drawer so that I didn't have to stop reading it at work.  No matter what your beliefs are this is an amazing read full history, fiction, mystery, adventure, and hope.  This is a sparkling diamonds amonge dime store trinkets.
 Obviously way better than the movie, great book but probably my least favorite out of the Langdon series.
 A great "novel" that has much truth in it and opens the door to speculation.
 My sister is a libraian and she recommened this illustrated version of the Da vinci code and it not only was an excellent book but the illustrations were great..I would definately recommend this book.
 Awesome.
 I'm glad I heard this book simply because it was such a popular book.  However, I didn't enjoy it very much.  The plot, while moderately amusing, was NOT believable at all.  Everything came too easy for them.  They never mulled anything over.  There were far too many "aha!" moments and that really annoyed me.  I like the character Langdon a lot but the others were pretty annoying.  By the last CD of this set, I was very tired of the whole plot, all the characters and was ready for it to be OVER.  Mildly entertaining but not anything I would EVER listen to a second time.
 I have not read the book yet and am not sure when I will get too it, but if anything like the movie. It will be worth the reading.
 This is the best novel I have ever read.  Dan Brown's fast paced, short chapters are addictive.
 Awesome book to read
 Good book
 Great read. Very entertaining.
 Of course this is great. Read befand after going to Paris. Made my trip more interesting.
 The Da Vinci Code has long been a very controversial book. People have debated the validity behind many of "facts" presented. The truth is that this novel is fiction, as clearly stated in the beginning of the book. There may be some truth behind it. Either way, it's still written extremely well. Dan Brown uses perfect pacing. He also presents many fascinating details, including tons of info about Jesus Christ, Mary Magdelene, Opus Dei, the pentacle and various other significant symbols in history, such as the rose. I certainly learned a lot by reading this novel. Although, you may choose to believe it, or not.<br/>Once I started reading, I simply could not put it down. This was a true page-turner, as it was very well developed, and structured as a novel. At some point we just, have to forget all of the controversy, and just try and enjoy the book for itself. If you can do this, then you will surely love this book, as Brown has truly created an excellent piece of work, which will continue to live on for a very long time.
 This book starts out with lots of superfluous description of people and places that never ties up or is relevant to the tale.  The story takes quite a bit of time to get off the ground.  The story line is textbook predictable.  You know who the bad guy(s) are before they are introduced.  As they say in the trade "it is the last person you would suspect."<br/><br/>Now for the positives.  After a slow start the action finally starts to move.  If you think it has holes that you could fly a jet through, maybe but if it did not you would have no story.  One thing people enjoy in books is things they already know about.  With Tony Hillerman it is Navaho culture.  With Stephen King it is spookiness based on standard premises.  This book also bases its suspense on existing conspiracies weaving current events into age-old mysteries.
 I can't get through this puppy. No way no how. I try I try I try. The dialog gets me every time. It's as suave as a shave with a rusty razor on a dry three day stubble, and leaves me about as raw.<br/><br/>Even though the plot is exciting, there is something about the style of the writing that puts me off. And I read lots of things, junky novels, classics, sci fi, biographies --good and bad and this is one of the few books I just couldn't even read. That's strange, even stranger because it is a monster bestseller. It may be the style of short sentences that lacks a certain flow that I like when I am reading. Possibly, I'd like this book better in audio form.<br/><br/>I suppose the idea of the Holy Grail ending up in France...oops spoiler, is alluring and great for fans of the Grail Myth, but I couldn't get into this book in the least. I could give it five stars for being incredibly bad and STILL earning megabucks and having a film. That, now that, takes talent. What kind I am not sure, but it's a talent.
