 Perfect.  light weight and useful.  I don't need to spend in front of a stove.  I bought one for me, another one for my friend.. I haven't given it yet to her, but I believe that she will love it
 https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00YNTTTSI/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_75
 Great hard boiled egg maker, easy to use, thank you!
 These egg cookerd are slick! Perfect peel every time!
 junk
 The top of the unit has a metal liner ... It should never separate from the plastic top because it is critical to functionality. In mine, the two pieces separated, fairly early after I got it. My solution was just to remember to put the two together before loading the unit, rather than returning it. A year later, I'm really tired of forgetting to do so and exploding eggs in the microwave. Buy a different brand. Next time, I will.
 Not Nordic Ware! I bought one of these eggs last September along with a few other Nordic Ware products and found them very useful and of high quality. This product seems to be a knockoff of Nordic Ware. It was shipped from China and it is significantly lighter, cheaper, thinner plastic and cheaper metal inserts. Additionally, it has no markings whatsoever on the bottom; Nordic Ware has several markings. I have not actually used this product yet. If it is of equal performance, I will update this review with more than two stars.
 This is the wildest kitchen aid I've ever seen.  It works.  It really, really works.  And by "works" I mean that it produces four easy-peel hardboiled eggs in about ten minutes, without all the other rigmarole that everyone else on the internet recommends (salt the water, age the eggs for three weeks, start with cold water, rinse with cold water, etc.).  They're getting harder to find, probably because I keep buying them as gifts for friends.
 I seriously doubt that this is a "Nordic Ware" brand item.  This is the third one I've purchased over the last few years, and this feels like a very cheap knock-off.  It works ok, but the plastic is thinner, the aluminum in the cap falls out easy, and nowhere in the enclosed literature or on the box does it state "Nordic Ware".<br/><br/>That said, it's also 1/3 the price I've previously paid for these egg cookers.
 At first, I thought this was silly.  Just boil eggs on the stove.  My daughter gave me one and I use it all the time.  It boils the eggs perfectly every time.<br/>Easy to peel without destroying the white to make deviled eggs.  No dark color around the yolk..  Quick and perfectly boiled eggs.
 Love this product.  I first used it as work and actually still do and I have  perfect hard boiled eggs in 9 min.  If you like the yolk in the middle not so cooked or all the way cooked you just have to adjust the amount of time in the microwave.  I bought one for my trailer and my house.  Love love love it.
 works great but there were no directions, turns out that it is a knock off from China.  Sold as Nordic ware.  They work fine and I bought two more and they came in the Nordic Ware box and had directions.
 Use it all the time, bought one for my brother.
