And that becomes terribly clear very early on
Sigh.
"Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all pity those who read Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.”
No!!! Please don't make me give HP a low review :(
Awful
So sorry
I wanted to like it. I really really did
A train wreck from start to finish
Unfortunate
Horrid
SPOLIER - Um Can We Talk About the Trolley Witch? - SPOILER
The worst HP fanfiction ever...
Childhood dissapointment
NOT the eighth story, very disappointing, not going to read this again
Yuk! If your looking for great storytelling, look somewhere else.
Not the 8th Harry Potter book.
Incendio!
This book is not HP canon to me...
Opportunism at its finest.
Huge disappointment
A dud.
D for Dreadful
Reads like hastily written fan fiction
Money Grab
JK Rowling was apart of this? Really? I have a tough time believing this is her work. SPOILERS AHEAD!!!
Seriously disappointing.
It's not the Harry that we know or love.
Very disappointed. Save your money
Can someone perform a memory charm on me please?
Waste of money
This is NOT a HP Book
A Waste of Time and Money
Epic Fail!
Alas
Like bad fan fiction - so disappointed
Disappointing
I loved the original Harry Potter books
Mediocre
Clearly from a different author, it's like one of those flashback shows.
I've actually read better fan-fiction.
Obliviate
HP's 'Phantom Menace'. Thoroughly heartbroken and beyond disappointed... Read with Caution!
but I detest that most of the characters are not the valiant characters I've loved for years
A Disappointing Story for Die-Hard Fans
but to put her name on it and endorse the whole affair lent credibility and expectation that it would be good. but thoroughly di
Bad fanfiction come to life
I wanted to love this
Frustratingly inconsistent with the books
Oh so disappointed!
As much as I wanted to love this, it was more ‘miss’ than ‘hit’ for me I’m afraid!
Not your typical Harry Potter or anything like it..
Should've never been written
Cursed Continuation
Words cannot describe my disappointment
I feel duped
Shameful... such a letdown!
but what I didn't expect was the characters to be so unlike the characters we fell in love with in the original books
there are a couple wonderful moments. and then there's the other 98%
Please!  Somebody do an  Obliviate!  memory charm and remove this book from my memory
Big Disappointment
An unbelievable mess.
It is BS, the play book still can be good if they written thoughtfully!
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - an abomination not deserving of being named the "8th Book"
Spell Binding
Wasn't expecting a novel. Was expecting better writing! You Should still get it and read it for yourself.
Meh. A disappointment.
SPOILERS Upon reading "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, ...
Rehash of original books
I Felt Punked.
Lazy writing
Rancid Dreck
A stunning disappointment!
A note of discord in the HP Canon
I'm sure the stage show is incredible to watch
=(
For the love of fame and money...
I would not recommend if you want happy memories
It's Great in it's Own Way.
I really wanted to love it, but...
Make it stop...
Harry Potter and the Severely Disappointing End of Series
Like reading a MacGyver episode
VERY DISAPPOINTED - Story is ridiculous and there are way too many plot holes
Harry Potter and the cursed reader ...
This was such a disappointment. I'm honestly wondering how much input J
If We Could Turn Back Time… To the Good Ol’ Days...
So disappointing!!!
Do NOT spend your money on this!
I won't go so far as to say "don't bother", but I wouldn't recommend going in with super high expectations.
I Wanted to Love it...
Plays can have great characterization and style, but this is lacking in both
An Out-Of-Character mess with an overly-complicated plot and very little heart
Canon...adjacent? (Spoilers for the plot)
Disappointed.
Like many others I grew up with Harry and have ...
Did JK Rowling really write this? Meh.
Childish, terrible story with one dimensional characters
Round and round and round we go, where the awful stops, I'll never know.
Utter crap
The trolley witch does what?
PUNK'D
What a shame
Lazy writing
Hmmm,did I just read a faux HP book?
Literary Vomit.
Heartbreaking for true Potter fans
LOVED IT
Read it.... But be prepared for the format and lack of satisfying writing
One word: OBLIVIATE!
I've loved Harry Potter since the 3rd grade
Interesting plot, some mannerisms were missed
Just know this book is NOT written b j.k. Rowling. Do not expect the same style.
Complete Rubbish. Don't waste your time or money.
Continuing the story
Giant plot holes
Couldn't finish. Really tried, but couldn't do it
Well marketed but disappointing
It's been said better in other reviews
HP books are a billion times better than HP movies which are a billion times better than the Cursed Child
Be advised: J.K. Rowling did not write this play
A Ranting Review (SPOILERS)
A Disappointment
Instead of imagining the world of Harry Potter to be super deep and realistic
Don't waste your time and money!
Fell short of magical
Harry Potter and the Perils of Ascended Fanfiction
I'm very disappointed in the style
Rough Draft
Once the nostalgia wears off, you're left with a story that isn't very memorable
Bad fan fic
Published Fan Fiction
Very disappointing
An enormous disappointment for Potter fans and misleading to those who are new to the world
meh !
An okay sequel, but lacking in the kind of emotional conflict that Rowling excels at
Crappy fan fiction
Who is the cursed child?
SPOILER ALERT!
Ugghh!
Tragically Awful
Mistakes, caricatures, and plot issues
Disservice to the amazing Harry Potter series-none of JK's wit, humor, skillful story telling.
I Don't Understand
A Puzzling Story
Terribly Disappointing
A lengthy review from a life-long Harry Potter fan
... play is a betrayal and a departure of the beautiful world Rowling built
I guess it could be worse....
Disappointment Managed
This is fan fiction, not canon - can I pretend I never read it?
What a disappointment ... tempered by one single line in the whole book
NOT Harry Potter 8 !
3.5/5
Ug!
I'd rather be hit with the Crucio curse.
Like visiting an old friend who's changed over the years...and doesn't have a lot to say.
Odd addendum to the beloved series
Not the Potter you know but
Avoid this book if you like Harry Potter.
I believe it will look great as a play on the stage
it was bad. Me and my wife are avid potter heads
Okay but somewhat disappointing Harry Potter fan fic...
OK, but Had Hoped for More
Disappointed
A Different Trip to the Harry Potter World
I see where they were going with this...
Interested in the final version...
18 Years Later...
Ugh.
Nice to extend the Harry Potter line, but nothing like the originals.
Has Rowling Gone Fanfic?
It simply isn't a good story and it reads unfortunately like bad fan fiction
Spoiler-Free Opinion: Legacy-affecting, unnecessary addition to HP Universe
Harry Potter and the Cursed Reader Who Read This Trash
Rowling, I want my money back!
Cash-grab awful fanfiction
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times... oops wrong story - but oddly the same feeling.
... name on this and allowed someone to butcher her beautifully crafted characters because this is TERRIBLE
This reads like the worst example of angst-y fan fiction I've ever ...
Wait for the movie, or go to a library if you must
Childish.  Oh well...
mediocre fan fic.  Not impressed at all.
A bit of a letdown
can't believe people are still buying this
A story better told in a novel or on a movie screen, not as a theater script
Great disappointment
Truly Terrible!
Not the Harry Potter I have grown to love - Interesting storyline but poorly executed - Limited character development.
... rating is for the simple fact that it was good to read old characters you know and love again
SO PREDICTABLE AND SADLY WRITTEN
Cursed Child was ok....
Don't bother!
Lacks all storyteller magic
Pleased with the story, as long as you think of it as a stand alone story NOT the 8th Harry Potter book
WORST BOOK EVER!
You'll be shocked JK Rowling approved this script
Pretty good, not ground breaking
Major Disappointment
Hated it.
Fan Fiction at best...
Interesting but not the same
I absolutely LOVE IT!
Disappointing
Don't have high expectations...
I enjoyed it but it was a little weird too
Don't hold your breath....
Potter had lost the magic
It was ok
If You Love Harry Potter, Don't Read This
OK, but not all by Rowling.
I was hoping the reviews were wrong, they are not.
Dumpster Fire
Check it out from the library instead
May be great to watch, but not great to read
Guaranteed to Be Polarizing
Fast read, lots of nostalgia, but a little too fan-fictiony to be 5*
Disappointing, pandering, and disingenuous
Bad fanfiction
Mischief not so easily managed
just the general sense of disappointment I feel makes it hard to think of what ...
Waste of time and money
Reads Like Badly Done Fan Fiction
I know it's a play... but I need the book.
Lame reboots - so sad!
Enjoyable, but not outstanding (spoiler free review)
Disappointing
but I am honestly disappointed with this play as much as I hate to ...
No spoilers just an honest review! 📝
Still Great writing no matter what format!
Am I reading bad fanfiction?
Thoroughly  Disappointed
Seriously... just don't...
SPOILERS
Harry Potter and the long line of readers wondering why this happened to their beloved book series???
One Star
A Good Continuation
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Bad fan fiction
Not as good as the books but worth reading
Mediocre fanfiction
... know a script is not going to be a good a read as a novel
Disappointing
See it on stage, skip the "book"
So I am biased to really love this book
Adventure, heart and a testament to the power of friendship & family, a must-read for HP fans
Review from a theatre grad
This book is a curse on Potter fans!
I wanted to like it, even a little. But no.
Shockingly awful.
If you are curious about the script then read it, your want and opinion is what matters.
This story killed me...it was that horrible.
Nope
A disappointment
Great read, worth the money and time. Goes fast.
Clumsy, heavy-handed and sloppily crafted
Disappointed
This was not Harry Potter.
Uninspired play that does not add much to the Harry Potter World
Read the reviews post-release, the rest are publisher driven.
Weak Plot
it's the stupid plot and the feeling I am reading a Middle ...
Bad fan fiction
A pale comparison.
Malfoys and Potters share a moment
This is ACTUALLY a script
Fan fiction Theory
What to expect from the Harry Potter PLAY SCRIPT.
Very Simple, Shallow
Hard to read in play format and left me feeling a little flat
Terrible
yuck
I wanted to love this story so much
Ugh...
If I had a time turner and stop myself from reading this, I would!
Not Happy!
Disappointed
A huge let down.
I eagerly suck up any additional stories or writings I can from ...
Good Harry Potter Story, Less Than Satisfying Play
True to the Books
Who wrote this, a dementor?😡
Now that I've read it, the only reason to keep this book is to use the pages to mop up my tears of disappointment
If only JK Rowling had written this as a book
It didn't happen...
The play is probably better than reading it....
This is good as long you are clear what you're getting
Not your typical HP⚡️
Probably not the best genre for a story this size
Who wrote this mess?
Probably better on the stage
Left me feeling 'Hallow'...
Definitely Not Up To JK Rowling's Usual Standard
A Monumental Disappointment!
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - whens the movie going to be produced?
Everyone's saying it because it's true - bad fanfic
The ugly stepsister of JK Rowlings work.
Love, love
Oh so dissapointed.
It's Not That Bad
Be prepared for a very different kind of Harry Potter story
Welcome to the script of a bad fanfic high school play
which was fine. There was
All in all, a big let down.  Not worth the price buying new.
Wish I had skipped it
Disappointed
I did enjoy reading about the "adult" version of our hero
Not as good as I had hoped
So disappointed.
Sorry to say, don't waste your time on this book
Great Story, Good script.  BUT IT IS A SCRIPT. keep that in mind.
An obvious Cash grab
A pity it is not about Albus and Scorpius. This series I would like to read.
So this is what's it like when J.K. Rowling writes fan fiction.
It's a screen play.
Ridiculum!
Jo Write Fan-Fiction
Interesting Diaspora
Somewhat of a let-down
Play the Play
While I liked the story somewhat
It's a play not a novel, enjoy it for what it is
Aspies get confused when names are repeated
If you're a Harry Potter fan you'll love it, If you've not read them before, don't start here
Teased with anticipation, joyful for the memory, but saddened by the rushed story line and painful dictation
the screenplay kind of writing makes it very dull and somehow hard to follow
A quick read that is sure to disappoint most
Not worth it.
Time travel fail
Almost ruined the original stories for me.
I could have done with this poor attempt to undermind the character of a beloved icon ...
Huge disappointment......
Reads a bit more like hopeful fanfic than Harry Potter
Shouldn't a script be in some sort of loose leaf binder?
Nothing like the original series.
A quick and satisfying read.
Hardcore Harry Fans: Lower Your Expectations
Good plot; script doesnt sate for character development
Stressful!!!
Lacks depth
A fast, predictable read
Unnecessary and contrived
Huge Disappointment
Terrible! Waste of money!
but this was just terrible. I wish I had never read it because ...
Good...Not Great
Embrace this as a fan fiction tribute to avoid disappointment
I wish I borrowed from a friend. Very short (1 day) book.
Cliches Squared
It's not Harry Potter...
Terrible
I loved the idea of continuing the series and following the ...
So Disappointing
Disappointed!!!
almost like reading hurried text messages
Very brief, poorly written, confusing.
A little like fan-fiction...but still intriguing!
It reads like fan fiction written by a teenager
Good Fanfiction
Not as magical, but still worth reading
this felt like I was revisiting a badly written version of earlier ...
You had one job....
It's Great, But With A Few Exceptions
Disappointed.
Great Addition to Harry Potter Series!!
Terribly disappointing...
WANTED: BASILISK VENOM
A fun new twist but not the original quality
Not on the level of the harry potter series, but you have to read it
It is copy of 'Back to the future' movie.
Horrible!
It’s a perfect quick read
I feel like I wasted my money
Very disappointed
Travesty.
Not a Harry Potter book
Didn't love it.
Good story, but not great.
Save your money!
Disappointing...
Not the greatest of Harry Potter story's, but an enjoyable read none the less.
Harry Potter Cursed by Playwrights
Grateful that it was made available, but a major disappoinment plot-wise
The ending saved it.
Cheesy and awful
While I enjoyed the book I have to agree with others that ...
No. Just no.
I wasn't too impressed with the normally brilliant storytelling from Ms
WHERE IS THE MAGIC?!??!
A Difficult Read
Why I would not recommend buying this book....
Pathetic
Waste of money and time
Interesting for H P fans
AGHHHHHHHHH
So, SO bad.
Nostalgia: Yes. Sequel: No.
"Fan fiction" writing level, oversimplified and shallow.
Don't waste your time or money
Go in with an open mind . . .
J.K. I'm Dissapointed
Pleasant quick read with almost the Harry Potter feel.
... just took me that long to acclimate to my favorite HP characters being 20+ years older than I'm used ...
Meh...
Nothing special, but entertaining all the same.
The First Seven Books FTW!
Oh my God
Not really Harry Potter, but an ok read...
A Good Book
Don't expect the standards of the original books
Interesting premise and story, but not quite as good as the HP series.
If only...
but to me it reads like a bad fan fiction
he looked very disappointed. He is not an Avid Reader
A hit or miss- But a must read for original HP fans
Utter disappointment
Worthwhile, But What's With All the Hugging?
If this were an O.W.L. exam, it would rate a D (dreadful).
Emo wizard kid who is mad that his dad is famous
Know what you're getting into!
Great story BUT.......
Returning it as "damaged or defective" because it is.
I've also seen all the movies repeatedly and accepted the disappointment over them not mirroring the books enough
Interesting But Not Great
Okay script, as long as you temper your expectations
I didn't hate it, but I don't think I'll be re-reading it like I do the original series
Wish I hadn't read this
Not what I hoped it would be.
Like so many others
booooooooooo
I've come to really like it and appreciate it for what it was
Redemption!!
very different from original series, but read it anyway
Back in the World I Loved. Sort Of.
Not my cup of tea
What a disappointment!
Love you amazon
A good and entertain play
Two thumbs up.
you're disappointed at the things they had to leave out
She should have stopped at the planned 7 books.
Just okay, and that's NOT okay.
I'm a big fan of Harry Potter...this left me disappointed
The Cursed Child is to Harry Potter what the Phantom Menace is to Star Wars.
A Decent Read but.... These Aren't The Potters Your'e Looking For....
so I feel like I'm almost betraying J
What a hot mess!  Ugh!
It's Awful!
This format stinks
Must read for Harry Potter fans
Pretty goof fanfic here.
it's a play
I Refuse To Acknowledge This As Part of the Series
Different... Insteresting... Not what I expected...
Disappointing
Decent enough, didn't hate it as much as others have.
Obviously not JK Rowling material but still a great read and a great adaptation for life after the original books.
I'm glad I didn't purchase the expensive book!
I liked it mostly
Disappointing
No growth in characters.
fast, nice read
Terrible. Disappointing. Not true to the main series.
The book is such a disappointment. This is clearly not J
Good, but not Amazing
Borrow it from the library if you really need to read it
Awful plot, just awful
Good, Could Be Better
A STAGE PLAY?!?!?!?!
but it's not a masterpiece like the other books
Remember, it is a play...
It was nice to have my favorite characters back again
Meh
For some, possibly better borrowed than bought.
I was utterly disappointed in this story line
Did Not Deliver
J.K. Rowling should have written a magical novel not a play for theater.
Meh
Feeds your need for HP
I was very disappointed, bored even
So sad
Still Worth Reading
A little disappointed!
Read It
Hard to swallow storyline
Horrible!
I liked the movies
Missing the magic
The Magic is lost! Leave the writing of Harry Potter to J.K. Rowling!!!!!!!!
This isn't Harry Potter
it does not contain the usual quirky prose we've come to know and love from Rowlings
Don't Make This Your First Impression of Harry Potter!
The Author Was Wandless
Garbage
Not a bad first draft, but needs some sirius (HAH) rewrites
Don't contaminate your memories
I feel cheated
Total Disappointment
Can never get enough Harry Potter
It's... Not Bad
Not the same, but how could it be?
Interesting turn in the wizarding world.
Disappointed in Connecticut
Very Different From Original Seven
Harry, this is The Doctor and his TARDIS...
Not great. Hope it's better on the stage.
If you're a Harry Potter fan do not read!
while it's a great story, it's not the same
Noooooooooo
Not for older Potter fans, but good beginners play.
Really Good, but Less Engrossing than the Originals
I eagerly awaited my copy but am really sorry I ...
Oddly disappointing
Would Buy Again
pleasantly pleased
Doesn't measure up
The only resemblance to the original series is the rebellious kid
Its like JKR took the worst tropes from fanfics written by ...
It's always fun to return to the Potterverse
but I was quite disappointed. The plot focuses on Harry and Malfoy's sons ...
good read
Disappointed
It has none of the heart the original stories brought to the table
**CONTAINS SPOILERS** Protagonist sucked. Book would have been better than a screenplay, IMO. Waiting eagerly for a novel.
"...this play offers little to really inspire fans of the original Harry Potter series."
So disappointed...
Substandard
If you are a big fan of HP like I am I do recommend reading this book because ...
Good play, disappointing as a book
I just push it off as a spin off not meant to happen in my head to make myself feel better..
It's a fast read
It's more Potter, What could be better?
Kind of disappointed
Great story, nicely written, the end was a bit disappointing
Worse than most fanfiction
Just OK
Not all I hoped for
Don't read.
Interesting, but meh.
Heartbroken
This book is utter crap. It is a case of someone writing their ...
I disagree with one reviewer who felt the play did not feel like a Harry Potter story
I believe this might be her story but the play itself doesn't sound entirely like it's in her voice (in my opinion)
Not good. This was NOT written by JK Rowling
Not great
OK for nostalgia, little else to add
A little more
We were all excited to go back to Hogwarts with Harry, but we actually went back with Albus, and he doesn't much like Hogwarts.
you have to read it like you're watching people perform it
... to be able to read a play to really like this story
I am pretty heartbroken like everyone else
If you're interested in pleasant nostalgia, nothing more
Not your Usual Harry Potter
Harry potter and the cursed child
Don't waste your money
I recommend it for ages 12 and up
I was very disappointed in this book
The story was flimsy at best. It was ridiculous and unnecessary
Mediocre fanfiction with no J.K. Rowling to be found
I did nor love it but some of the plot theories were fun to consider...
A Disappointment
It starts out fine, then it sucks.
I cannot imagine how much joy and happiness I would lose without reading the books
Totally disappointed
Definitely not of J. K. Rowling standard more like fanfiction
I read a review that said this sounded like poorly written Harry Potter fan fiction
Not J.K. Rowling material
Disappointing
Disappointed
It's a play
Great Book. Has Flaws.
Harry Potter going forward
A HUGE disappointment :(
Reads like fan fiction...
Great Script!
Okay, but not great
Better than feared, worse than it needed to be
This was terrible.
I thought the story was good. But I agree with a previous reviewer
No. Just no.
Not as good as it could have been, a disappointment
Major Disappointment
Beware: Bad Fan Fiction (Not Canon)
Interesting Story Line
Not all that I hoped for, but still worth a read
Missed the boat
A Happy Surprise
Nostalgic but a bit forced
the book is written in a play format which is horrible for reading
An ok fanfiction
🙍🏽
Awful, just awful.
A waste of paper
NOT Written by J.K. Rowling!
Eh
Disappointing false advertising
Decent book, but with unrealistic character motivations
VERY DISAPPOINTING
Kind of depressing.
Waste of time, money and hope of a good story
Ugh
Just ok
so-so
BOOOOOOOO
Not worth it. Novels are much better than the play format.
It's aight
Disappointing.
Just Wish the Play wasn't a Play!
Disappointment!
It's fun, but it's not Rowling and it doesn't feel like canon to me...
But Act Four contains some excellent, dramatic scenes
Was this really a Harry Potter story?
Ugh.  Just, no.
Not your typical Harry Potter Book
Unoriginal, but I'd still recommend reading.
Tinme Travel
Left Wanting
Don't Buy This One
HP fans will regret reading this play
an insult to Harry potter
Just not fulfilling
If you loved the original, you'll enjoy the finale.
Disappointed
Acchio Book!
No, just don't... save yourself the dissapointment
I had a hard time hearing the characters I fell in love with so long ago until the final 50 or ...
Um...
Enough to satisfy curiosity
One Star
Pottery magic still works!
Flawed, but fun
Not sure how to review this....
Disappointed
The new book isn't really a book; it's a conversation in a shadow location dependent on your own imagination
So incredibly disappointing
The Curse of the fan fiction
and expect us to be happy. Now
*Sigh*
But the overall work reads like poorly written fan fiction
Just not what I thought I was buying
Happy to be back with Harry
Harry Potter all grown up (book written as a play)
I actually thought I'd been tricked into buying the wrong book
good enough for me, but probably below average for fan fiction
Disappointing
Magical, but definitely in a different strand, does not feel like JK Rowlings writing style...
Conflicts are solved by randomness and characters aren't true to themselves
Loved being with the wizards game world again!
Script vs. Book Form
While I'm sorry it's not a novel, it's still well worth the read!
Interesting, but falls flat.
and second I should state I really do not enjoy reading scripts
I wish I hadn't read it!
One Star
Dont buy this
Not quite what I expected
Since when does Star Trek Voyager serve as a template for Harry Potter stories?
Save yourself the trouble and skip "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child."
Will probably play out better on stage
Cursed Book
Kids didn't like it at all.
A fantastic trip..
I wanted to like it
Not my favorite
I wanted to love it, but...
I have to say that I don't think it the story makes for a very good book. It is about going back and forth ...
don't waste your money
Disappointed.
This is NOT a Harry Potter Book.
Dull final Harry Potter play/novel will guarantee there will be no more.
Good but Rowling didn't write it. Painfully obvious.
Garbage
Disappointed
Avada Kedavra, the death of the Harry Potter series
some people might like it
Pedantic
Low Expectations, but even lower response - don't ruin your memories
Not jk Rowling at all
An Ill Conceived Disappointment
Horrible!!!! Just horrible!!!
Another exciting read
A good play.
Keep your expectations low and enjoy
It's a play.
Awkward, pedestrian. Has none of the magic.
Reads like bad fanfiction
Just don't go in expecting to read a sequel to Harry Potter
I wonder if a few of the ideas introduced in this are a bit better flushed out now that the play has opened in ...
More like bad fan-fiction than a new chapter for Harry Potter
It would be great if JK Rowling would change her mind and so ...
If you loved Harry Potter, you'll hate this book
a script not a novel
I hesitated ordering this because I had always wanted to ...
Potterhead
If only it would have been in book format
I still enjoyed the story and hearing about the later lives of ...
I was very excited to add the final Harry Potter ...
The main villain is so boring and devoid of characteristics that I can't remember her ...
Bear in mind reader's that this is not a novel ...
Grab a Wand and Pensieve
A depressingly disappointing installment to a beloved series.
Enjoyable Read, not on the same level as the original books
Meh
Meh
Worst ever
Rowling does it again
It's not very good
Harry is back!
It's just...ok.
I really enjoyed the Harry Potter series and movies
Where's the beef?
Mixed Feelings
It teaches good lessons, but it is no where near the ...
Killing the magic
Poor story line
Good not great.
It's best to remember before starting to read that this is ...
More like fan fiction
So disappointing
The "book" that must not be named: worse than the Riddle diary
Ugh.
Awesome return!
Mediocre
SPOILERS I’m disappointed. That shouldn’t shock you
Not fond of the screen play format
Missing the richness of the books
Feels like poorly written fan fiction that J
Written like fan fiction
Stage vs page is a revelation
Severely disappointed. How could Rowling lend her name to this
Horrible
Like everyone else
Be prepared to work at enjoying this play.... it isn't something you'd read continuously.
Disappointing for Hard Core Fans
On moblie & sorry for errors: Harry Potter wasn't Harry
Great
that almost explains my disappointment. In fact
Very upset fan...
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child-Parts One and Two Playscript.  by J.K. Rowling, John Tiffany,Jack Thorne
not worth it
Thank goodness that's over with!
... book was creative and interesting and it was a nice visit back into the wizarding world
Eh. *shrugs*
Mediocre fan fiction
Adequate
If you truly love Harry Potter don't read this book. If you merely like it, go ahead
Snooze fest
Predictable, Childish, and Cheesy
Pretty good
Way too difficult to read.
A bit odd reading a screen play...
Can't put it down
... sure if I can even put into words how disappointed I was after reading this story
Starkids' version is better
Just ok
Pretty good.
AN EIGTH BOOK THIS IS NOT!
Don't waste your money.
Not Terrible, but Not Great
I enjoyed my first screenplay
One Star
Very fun to read
I'm glad I read it
Boring, predictable, simple, fan-pandering nonsense. Enjoy!
Not truly fitting of Harry Potter
Difficult read
Just ok...
Decent.  I'm not blown away.  Harry potter fans must read.
Get off your butt, J.K.
Ho
did not like this. could not stand the feeling of part ...
WTF????
HP Fans Should Like This
ok for a fix
Beyond disappointing
It's An Extension of the Universe Potterheads Love
Not book 8
Wow. Squeak. My geekness is a-quivering.
This is what it is like to read a script.
Oof! I felt this one right in the childhood.
Would have preferred prose over a script, but an excellent story still.
HP and the Cursed Child
A let down
Yeesh
Not as good as her other books
A fun read but not the same as the original series
Don't bother buying this when there is better fan fiction for free!
Terrible. Just terrible.
Not epic but satisfies my HP itch (for now)
Nice catch-up on old friends
mostly because it's written like a script for a movie or play
While the story was great and a good continuation of the Harry Potter series ...
I just felt like some of the characters were wrong
... a fan of all the HP books I was happy to delve further into the HP universe with Cursed ...
Disappointed
One Star
More Fantastic Than I Ever Imagined
Must have for Potter fans
Confusing
Regrettable Read After Harry's Adventures
Not what I expected...
I really wanted to love this....
Disappointing....
If it ain't broken don't fix it!
It was good but I was a little disappointed
Hated the script format, loved the story!
Good read
If this was a fanfic, I would have thought ...
and enjoy then each time
Interesting
Happy to have a new one.
Throughly enjoyed this!
Boring. GIve it a miss
Stick with the originals
Good book overall
Not like the original series :-(
A rousing "meh"
As a fan good, but it needed something.
Skip it
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.  Parts One etc.
Honestly terrible writing but my inner child just had to have it
Good follow up
Don't like this type of writing
I was delightfully surprised with how much I enjoyed it. My one complaint
I think the play is probably a lot of fun to watch
A good way to stay connected to the HP world and ...
Disappointed actually! I expected more character build for Harry's ...
It was good
Good enough
As a screen play it's pretty good! It felt obvious to me that JK ...
Absolutely brilliant!
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
Depressing canon
Definition of Cringe
I love harry potter so much but this book was terrible
JK, What Were You THINKING?!
Let me start off by saying I love Harry Potter
What a whirlwind of action! Good read! Should become a movie.
If she would have taken this story and weaved it into a novel it would have been better than many of her later books in the HP .
Don't Buy This
It is probably a good story, but after reading the 7 books
Another disappointed fan
Regret reading this book
All Harry Potter fans have to read this!
Loved it!
Good Story, difficult format to read.
Script not Book!
I almost feel like this shouldn't have been written
Few Redeemable Qualities
Sellout?
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
If you can't see the show, you can read the script
Fun story.
Good Read to a classic
Let down...
Too Short
The Cursed Child was a fun read
Don't read it
Since I read all the other HP books....
The story is like something out of a bad Harry Potter fanfiction.
It is written like a play book so it might be hard for ...
Excellent for what it is!
Not Rowling level of complexity
The character and the locations may all be Rowling but the rest is just a bad script of fan fiction
Wonderful to get back into the Harry Potter world
not.worth the read, maybe worth a watch.
Not Bad
Script more suitable for a comic book
Different than what i thought
Not bad
Was a struggle to NOT finish in one sitting
Should never have been released to the public
Disappointing and lacking in charm
Potter re-hashed.
Meh...
Not the original HP books, but great overall!
Not my beloved characters
🚨 WARNING: NOT A real Harry Potter book!  NOT BY JK ROWLING
Reading a play again was like being back in school
I did enjoy this book/play
No. Just, no.
Complete garbage.
My son heard from his friends and said it is very poor story. I've not ask why
Probably good play, but book lacking
Great story
For the Love of HP!
It's just a script of the play
This is fanfic, not Rowling
What a let down.
Harry Potter and the cursed child---
This would have been better if it was written in the same style and ...
Read and felt like a fan fic
Characters aren't consistent with original series.
So Disappointed!!!
A Cursed Love
Just Don't
Not a true Harry Potter book
Terrible, absolutely terrible
Like horribly written fan fiction.
Enjoyable but no where the same enjoyment of the Harry Potter series
This read is a good book ONLY if you are well adjusted to the ...
Harry I MISSED YOU so much
Disappointed
Solid 3 stars
I give it 3 stars
After waiting so long...disappointing
Quite honestly the play reads like a poorly developed time travel fan fic
This is time wasted that I will never get back in my life
A complete disappointment
Great addon to the other books.
Sorry Harry...
Silly.
Great Book - but don't pre-order
Not typical HP, but still a good read
Not sorry I skipped to the end. . .
Feels like fan fiction
Good, but not J.K. Rowling good
Yay! More Harry Potter!
Klunky storyline, characters acting out of character
Riddikulus!
Not amazing, but still worhwhile.
What the crap?
Sorry, I don't know what happened to J. ...
SO Disappointed
Not good!
Ok
If only I had a time turner, I could have saved myself $17...
I am happy to have read this
fun trip back to Rowling's world
Such a disappointment!!!
Expect to be disappointed
For Harry Potter fans
It's ok
Not quite on par with Harry Potter books
JK Rowling took a dive on this one
Absorbing story, not really a sequel
no no no
Not thrilled HP fan
Plot holes
Love Harry
I love Harry Potter
Where's Monty Python's Eric Idle?
Very disappointed.
Yay! More Harry Potter!
Three Stars
A unique way to present our heros as adults. Truly the "magic" never dies .
Waste of money
Why do people dislike this so much?
Disappointing sequel to the HP series.
Not a narrative story, it is a script
Really?
what a shame
disappointed like many others
What a disappointment.
No Spoilers in this Review
EXTREMELY disappointing - contains spoilers.
Not as clear as usual
I thought this script was terrible. I was a theater major in college and ...
It's an ok read, nothing special.
Disappointed to say the least
If you love Harry, don't read it!!!
Absolute Rubbish
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - Parts One and...
This is not a very good story if you have read any of the other ...
A Play Worthy of the Novels
Although we enjoyed reading the book out loud as a family like ...
Disappointing
... plan to read this book because I've heard it sucks. But I'm a huge potterhead
Hogwarts Revisited
Ugh
Good but different
Avada Kadavra would look super cheap without CGI on stage
Great book - even if you don't like plays!
Ships fast, perfect for fans.
The band is back together!
The books were better - Looking forward to seeing the play though!
Good enough for us die-hard Potterheads
It was just okay.
Print is hard to read
Nothing special
You may want to pass on purchasing and borrow it from your local library
I thought I'd like it more
It's a script - feels like fan fic
Disappointing
A disappointing read
So bad. Not believeable at all
Spoilers
Missing purple patches
Horrible!
it was a good story. This is a fast read and can ...
Interesting continuation
Did not read like a j
Great play
A great read completely magical.
7.5/10 not as perfect as the books were but a very good character study
Nope nope nope
so if that isn't something you like, avoid it
Enjoyable, but not "book 8"
Not as enjoyable as I wanted it to be
Not the same
Like reading bad fan fiction
Very happy with this purchase as an avid Harry Potter lover
Great Book. Please make it a movie too.
I am a huge Harry Potter fan but...
It's okay. You should still buy it.
It was nice to be back in the HP world
The story was great (many surprises) but since this was all dialogues (I ...
Not the trip I wanted to go on again
Needed to get all the nuances in the show
I love the Harry Potter series
Not that bad
Hogwarts will always welcome you home.
Fan fiction
A What If Tale
wish it took a narrative rather than screenplay liked the old series better
Unfortunately I just didn't like the story
Loved it #SpoilerFree
Great Read!  Fast Moving with Suprising ywists
Good Story - Quick Read
Sooooo dissapointed
A fun but ultimately unnecessary trip to Harry Potter world
Very Happy
This was nothing like the original series and ruins the world originally created
Three Stars
Forget It
A script in play version of the continuing Harry Potter story
Too Much Hype
Horrible
I've read better fanfics than this one.
Dissapointing
I was bamboozled! Same time travel plot used 100x. Characters are poor imposters of the ones HP fans know and love.
Great
A fun trip down Harry Potter nostalgia lane
Do not waste your money.
PANJU
I wanted to love it.
Not great. Skipped over a lot
Steaming Pile of Garbage
The story continues and it is wonderful!
So very disappointing···
Poor Content
That wasn't my favorite but I'm glad to have read it
Not Potter
Mediocre book, probably great as a play
Not worth the time and money.
I'm a huge Harry Potter fan - read the series ...
Great Book
i enjoyed the storyline but felt the tone of the dialog ...
Very disappointed. I bought this book for my son because ...
Must read as part of potteriada
Missing the Magic
Hard Core Harry Potter Fans Beware!
Its the script from the play
Another great book!
Awful. Awful. Awful.
No more books means no more books
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is enjoyable.
Love the Harry Potter series and have read them multiple ...
Disappointed!!!
the plot is good and shows some promise
It is a good story and you are able to see what became ...
Disappointing
the story is pretty good but it is written as a play
Not thrilled
Like other reviews have said
One Star
The characters don't even feel like the same people from the original series
Flashes of Rowling
Good, but would make an even better full-length book
If I only could unread this book and block it ...
It isn't the HP I grew up with....
SEE SCB AND/OR SEAMUS VIDEOS
A great addition to the HP universe
it is actually a very fun read. I quite enjoyed it
Good if you like disappointment
I'll stick with the 7 originals
You either like it or hate it
That was terrible
Giving it 4 stars for two simple reasons.
Loved all the Harry Potters to death and read them ...
Disappointing at best
Book-length story crammed into a Play-length format
Better than expected.
If only JK Rolling had written this herself!!!
I didn't like the book
Unsure
The book was not written like a story
It was okay!
Not the same, but fills a small part of the void
Are you laughing 'cause it's funny or...?
Not quite......
AKA "Angsty Teen Cliché and the Tarnishing of Everything You Loved About The Series"
Watch out, this is a theatre play, not a novel  (but it is worth reading any way)
What a disappointment!
4 stars because I miss the descriptive narration.
Dont bother.
The story could have been great
Childhood Nostalgia
Another HOGWARTS Classic!
Not worth the powder to blow it up
Recommended book for any Harry Potter fan
HP and the Cursed Child
So extremely disappointed in this book
Just like the play
Unimpressed
Wish there was going to be more..
Very clever story though it's hard to understand how Harry ...
I would love this in audio book form
My granddaughter's reaction
I'm pretty sure JK Rowling had nothing to do with this
A screenplay!
Your time would be better spent reading one of the original Harry Potter novels ...
WHY????
Disappointed
Interesting layers added to the themes of choice and identity ...
Fan Fiction
Not what I expected.....
A poor read
Rowling Weaves Another Good Tale
See the Future, Just Without the Detail
There are no words to describe my disappointment with this book
Enjoyed
My son loves it.
Better than no more HP at all...
It's Missing the Magic
Captivating
I love everything about this series
"A little voice inside my head said dont look back you can never look back."  I should have listened.
Good to Catch up with our Hogwarts Friends.
Hard to read.
given as a gift so can't comment on the story ...
An average but entertaining adventure
Great!
Worth the read.
The next generation of Harry Potter
and I was sad to see it end
Excellent addition to the Harry Potter series !
New Harry Potter delivers
Mischief Managed. Magic? Not so much.
Accio Nostalgia
A build on the past
Disappointing
love harry potter
Good, easy read
Great product at an amazing price
Enjoyed the story of a young boy under pressure from ...
It was good!
A stain on the HP legacy.
HARRY POTTER!
NOT written by JK Rowling; terrible fanfiction
Disappointed... :(
More like a fanfic than a real extension of HP series
Okay!
So so book
Harry's son and unexpected friend
Good for a play not written by Rowling
Bit of a disappointment
It's good... As a play
If I could leave zero stars...
Raise your hand if you've ever been personally victimized by The Cursed Child
Play format and not really a satisfying read. It ...
Pretty good suffix to the series
Great book.
Do not read if you are a huge HP fan!
Not as bad as many have said
This reads like bad fanfiction
Boring. Replayed events in different ways.
I did not enjoy this as well as the other Harry Potter books
Not sure how to rate this
I will always love the Potter world but this book felt like it ...
Harry Potter, but not.
Great read. I enjoyed it for what it was
Harry Potter and the cursed child
I love going to see a play
Why?
First time I have read a playwright but it is a great story.
Like the script of a better book. Flat characters but a "meh" jaunt into Hogwarts
Good Read
If you're a fan
It was good to be back in the Potter universe
Be Prepared to Read a Play, Not a Novel
If you're a Potter fan, think twice about reading this!
I think she did a great job of writing all our fears about Harry and ...
That it is a play.
I'm 73 years old and I've read and enjoyed every Harry Potter book written
So much fun to read abiut the characters all grown up
started slow, but wow
Its not good...
Cursed child
Disappointed
Decent story; missing depth
Quick Read
I really enjoyed this script
Loved the story
Something's are in the light
In play form, this is not a book that ...
Fun & Fast Read
Would like more books on the Cursed Child!
Its alright
Pure Fun.
Disappointing
Potterific! ❤️❤️❤️ .
Dissapointed
Disappointing
Oh heck yeah RECOMMEND!
We enjoyed the story
I've read on the internet that this works much better as a play than as a book
Nice read but disappointing
She really loved it, and said it was a perfect addition ...
Keep going
Enjoyed Reading
An enjoyable read, but different from the original novels
Five Stars
Fabulous! NO Spoilers!
It was fine for fan fiction but definitely not a JK Rowlings ...
Not like the other Potter books
Meh.
Disappointing
Fun Read
Very different style from the rest of the HP books ...
Still enjoyed it
It's a waste of time
This script made me believe in buying paper books again...
Disappointing
After all these years...
Super hard to read in playscript form
Good book for Harry Potter fans
It's okay.
really sucked, this book was not ready to be published
Don't waste your time or money on this bad fanfiction
Five Stars
Well done
This book is written like a play and lets your mind imagine the settings
Good but wish it was like the other books
Disappointing but it's still Potter
I always LOVE J K Rowling's books
Not your typical Harry Potter Novel
Meh...
i loved all the Harry Potter books this one was a ...
Die hard fans beware!
Interesting to know what kind of parent Harry Potter makes
Great Follow up
Fan fiction at its worst. Don't bother to pay for this "book".
Maybe watching it in person would be better. Most of it felt okay but there was ...
Depressing. I wish I could wipe it from my ...
I'm glad I read it
Five Stars
I love the Potter books, not so much with this one, the writing style is not the same.
it leaves your thirst for the excellent prose of the original novels un-quenched and you'll be ...
This book doesn't match the charm and intracies of the ...
Okay but...
Amazing!
I liked the story
I loved the book and the fact that is written as ...
Love!
Re: The Harry Potter playbook
dissappointing
Love beyond belief the Fantastic Beast movie
This is not a book, it is the script for a play
advise I have is to remember that this is in play format so it's disappointing because I don't feel like I get all of JKR's wit
Not quite as satisfying
A little disappointed but hopeful
I think this book had good intentions, I just can't get past some of ...
Harry and Ron as adults
Short and immature
Albus Severus Potter.  Lonely and misunderstood.
Different
Magic Again
Everything and More
Enjoyable
Disappointed Fan's Musings
I love to read plays
Disappointing. I can't even.
Amazing
Something missing
Bravo! It left me wanting more!
Five Stars
Reminiscent but not the same
Disappointed
Stick with it
While excellent as a play
See the play
but this will satisfy the Harry Potter fans
Completely amazing
Eh.
Good read for people familiar with theatre. No regrets.
but a nice add-on to the HP
A very fast read.
I must admit I didn't like the format
It Was Only Ok
It's just not a good read
Disappointed.
More! More!
love this book
Not my favorite but...
Felt disappointed
Fun read. I assumed that the characters were gay ...
you will be disappointed. Separate it from the original seven and it ...
Hard to read as a play.
Two Stars
Could not wait for the next page/chapter...
Its Fan Fiction
Short, but awesome read.
Pretty good
Love Harry Potter, but only liked the play
I got sucked in
What a disappointment
Amazing
A bit disappointed. I know it was written as a play ...
Ok Read....Better for the Stage.
WONDERFUL
Worth Reading, but maybe borrow it
Writing is good but the format is not
Probably wouldn't recommend this to a friend.
Loved the follow up after all these years
I wanted to like this book so badly as I am a huge ...
Four Stars
Good job
Good story to keep the Potter fans going
Quick read - and that's my main objection
Not in novel form.
All in all a good read but I would rent it from the library ...
Disappointed Harry Potter fan
predictable
you'll enjoy it greatly
Fun & exciting.
Loved it!
One Star
... the fact that it is a screenplay I really enjoyed it. It was a fun plot and interesting ...
Disappointing.
I was a little disappointed - the characters were not as rich as they ...
Love Love Love!
It's ok...
Great gift!
the story was great, the surprises were great
Very disappointed
Fun Fun Fun read for all Harry Potter fans!!!
Would have to see it staged to better evaluate it
Great book
For anyone not reading the book jacket or other reviews ...
it was... okay
but it is a good read. Thank you J
Pretty disappointing
Great!!!!
I wanted to love it
Not what I expected - in a good way.
What a poor example of Harry Potter
Potter - variations of a new generation. If you like the Harry Potter series,  this is tthe next one to read.
Loved it.
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great read for anyone wishing to revisit the amazing world ...
Lazy plot lines and poor character development
this feels like a cheap money grab
this is an entirely unnecessary story line
Pure GREED. Love Harry Potter Stories? don't ruin that by reading this garbage! You've Expierenced better versions of 'story'
Different writing style
How to disappoint a ten year old
Loved the book
Maybe the play was amazing. I don't know
Disappointing
Beyond disappointed
Only read if you REALLY love the HP series, and even then, no promises.
Not as good as the original books, but I enjoyed it
Got it
Wonderful story
Reads like fan fiction
Ok fan fic
Ilove harry potter
Mixed emotions
Another welcome visit
but after that it was so amazing. I cried twice while reading it
The Harry Potter series lives!
Liked the follow up on what happened with the characters
BUY THIS BOOK!
Play format is baffling.  Give me more of Rowling's writing!
Hate The Format
Harry Potter But Not Magical
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Would be better as a book instead of a play
Simplistic story mostly just nostalgia
Meh
A welcome return to Harry's world!
Dissapointing
Loved the way it was written in play form
don't waste your time with this one.
... additional threads in this tale however screenplays leave a great deal to be desired by comparison to a novel
Wow just wow
Four Stars
This book is awesome, I bought it for my daughter for her ...
Four Stars
Big let down.
And now you’ll know what happened next.
Five Stars
The story was really good, BUT it was a screenplay
Disappointing
I did not like how Ron was portrayed as a total dunce
Daughter loved it
This reads VERY much like fanfiction. Was it fun
Disappointing
Ok book
JK Rowling has proven she's better than this
I have to admit I do not like the theater style to the writing
Because of my love...
Don't expect this to be like the old books..
this was amazing. I only wish there was more to it
Too many questions
Disappointing
Perfect ending to a perfect series.
It's a play, not a novel
Not sure why JK Rowling associated with such a poor excuse for fan fiction
I love being in the Harry Potter world
Always, y'all...
Loved bring the kids in especially since one of Harry's ...
Little disappointing and the suspension of disbelief is not present
Missed the opportunity for an original story!
fat minotour
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - recommended
worth reading and would love to go see the play
Not required reading for Harry Potter fans
I have to admit that I was annoyed with the whole time travel thing because SERIOUSLY
Happy Potter
Masterpiece!
Leave the story with book 7. This is unneeded, imo
Book is in play format
Not as good as all the prior books... leaves me a bit disappointed.
Great Book
Wish it was an 800 page book instead but came out at the perfect time, start of my Belize vacation and my ...
Disappointed.
Excellent read
I'm glad I read it and I enjoyed reading it
Not Like The Others
Very disappointing. I can't believe J. K. ...
A Five Stars Read
Great! This is a gift for not only a ...
Rowling does it yet again!!
A good read
Not the same
Great live production, but disappointing read!
Storytelling is lost
Still a Harry Potter Fan
Harry Grows Up
Very poorly written and not true to the Harry Potter ...
Egh....this is awful
The script format leaves out a lot of description and ...
Just doesn't have the JK Rowling wonderful imagery
Sad I bought this.
I was very disappointed..
it is a very quick and fantastic read for being a script
this was a hard read due to that this is ...
Ordinary
Christmas Present
Do not take my word, I love Harry Potter series.
Good, but nothing like the original series!
Manage Your Expectations.
Emotional return to the potter world
The Book Repeats itself
actual product fine; story is awful
Like a portrait of a deceased Headmaster
Great play
Pretty good
While it's fun to revisit some of these great charters
A stretch
JK Rowling is still a matter storyteller
LOVED IT
If I had realized it was a screen play & ...
Great plot, great book
and I did not enjoy the play-script style at all
I loved having another story to dive into the magical world ...
But it's a good story, if not a little short
Regardless of its genre, the fracturing of the characters' ...
Nostalgic flashback to the HP days...
Great Story with New and Old Characters
Bought as a gift and she loved it.
I love how the story incorporated the main conflict of the ...
Amazing!
Flawed but good, would love to see the play!
No where near as good as the Harry Potter novels
Not as good as the reviews would lead one to expect
it was nice to see the old gang again
JK Rowling never ceases to amaze me as she creates a beautifully fantastic world of ...
Thanks!
Weak
A good romp and reminiscence.
Great read!
But after a couple of chapters I got used to it and LOVED it! I wish it would have been a ...
You cant recapture the glory days. Just appreciate the present.
Highly Recommended!
Not my Book!!
I had to get this book glad to get this
Lacks the special imagination & wonder of originals.
Five Stars
Remember it is a stage play not a novel
Five Stars
Just...no.
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
Loved the Harry Potter novels
Great story line
I liked it but there were a couple of things that ...
Five Stars
<3 <3 <3 Must read for Potterheads <3 <3 <3
Review of Purchase not Book
Dont pay full price for this
in this book she shows you who is talking. ...
So poorly written that I even can't describe how disappointed I am
It's just not the same.
Great Book
A Wizarding Good Time!
Not the same
But it's fun to revisit some old friends and listen to some ...
I first off don't like that it's a screen-play
saw a lot of negativity about this but I liked it fine
Save your money for something JK Rowlings actually did
Great continuance!
Yes
Pretty Good
Must read again
Excellent addition to series
Just Wrong...
Fan service, although, you'll still want to check it out if you were a fan of the originals.
Another Excellent Story
Fan fic as opposed to Rowling style.
Exactly What We Thought We Wouldn't Get Ever Again and Then Some
Disappointed
Bioshock Infinite meets HP fanfiction
My boyfriend loved it
Good play, but if you're looking for the same ...
Not a Harry Potter story.
Still pretty cool
2.5 stars
My daughter still read it even though she was a bit disappointed.
I really loved this book
Interesting twists in the characters and story. You would ...
My 9 yr old son has wanted this book since ...
I sooooo wanted to love this book/script
Great seller. Great product.
Oh well, stick with what works.
Not A BoOk!
A novella
Too much money for what you get
Was fun to have the Potters, Weasleys and even Draco back. Fun read, great new characters,New challenges and of course Magic, be
Great but need another.....
Highly Recommend
Five Stars
The story is pretty unsatisfactory unfortunately
Some people may not like the script format
Zaps all the magic out of the magical world of Harry Potter
It's like a horrible fan fiction that completely break cannon and ...
Read this
Don't buy it if you're looking for another Harry Potter story.
I guess I was expecting more.
Good!
A great read for all Potterheads
For a good cause, but not a riveting read
I still enjoyed every minute getting back into the story I love ...
Excellent
Thirsty for more
NOT Harry Potter
I enjoyed this book
More! More! More!
Wonderful addition to the series.
Must have for any Harry Potter fan.
so I've been reading Potter books since I was 11 and was fortunate enough to kinda grow up with Harry because most ...
good read and nice twist, not the originals though
Exciting book
This book was a big let down. NOT because ...
Meh
Dreadful - Couldn't get past page 2
Do not read this book if you love Harry Potter at all.
A great follow up to show us what our favorite characters are up to
Fan fiction at best.
I enjoyed it more than I thought I would
For all HP fans - love that it's hardback but also that the pages are ...
Wonderful
Good but...
Not what I expected
Great for those who are always looking for more of ...
Best yet
I would recommend reading it out loud with a group of friends
Definitely not as awesome as the original HP series
Follows the writing style of J K Rowling and makes ...
Harry Potter all grown up!
One Star
Different, but still grand
The cursed child review
Disappointing
Huge Disappointment
Meh.
Pretty sure that the only parts of this screenplay that ...
Girlfriend was disappointed with this book
Five Stars
Do you really need a review?
Lazy and disappointing
As described
Mehhhh
Not canon
I was able to jump right into the story and be immediately transported back to the wonderful world of Harry Potter
And it was great to be reunited with the characters and the school ...
One Star
Love the look
Scratches an itch...but that's all
It was not my favorite format but was still a pleasure to "revisit" the ...
BEST HARRY POTTER EVER??
I love a good play
Good Story
For Harry Potter lovers
Missed the descritpions
I absolutely loved this! Quite frankly
Another excellent story!
Mediocre
Not that great.
Love the old characters
Cursed is the right name for this
Great script !!
If you like plays  ...maybe you will like this one.
eh. Not a fan. I read this in ...
Fun
Don't waste your money or your time!
Five Stars
Better seen as a Play
I loved this one just like all the others
Very disappointing compared to the original books. Probably due ...
One Star
Disappointing fan fiction
It is a very disappointed book if you are following the HP saga
Don't bother.
Much better than part I
HANDS DOWN THE GREATEST SERIES EVER WRITTEN (IN MY OPINION)
Five Stars
Two Stars
Thank u
The boy who lived should die already!
This just isn't good literature
Must read if a harry potter fan but story had ...
Great read
Good book for the Potter fan in you
I would very much like to see Harry Potter and the Cursed Child be ...
Not worthy of Harry Potter title.
Nice Potter Update
Reads like fanfiction.
Not great as her books
Great read
Great book.
Five Stars
Center of target!
3 Stars
Read it.
Fan fiction
Excellent sequel
Grest read
A Great Read
Once I got over that it was written like a script
Five Stars
as expected
Not Up To The Hype
It is not J K Rowlings but it is still a Harry Potter book
I did enjoy the second half of the book
because the Harry Potter books were so good. Very "flat" in style & sketchy character development
HARRY POTTER/CURSED CHILD. THIS IS NOT A BOOK!!!!!  IT IS A SCREENPLAY AND NOT GOOD READING.  DO NOT BOTHER.
Great Story Line
A disappointment, to say the very least.
Don't expect a novel,
Glad I read it!
Harry Potter cursed child review
Flawed read, solid story
Books
Two Stars
This book is not for fans of HP or people for that matter
Disappointed
Disappointed in magic
Expectations fell flat
Hate the Play!
Good
Harry Potter video
Play Reading
I enjoyed revisiting the Harry Potter world
We learn that a few bad breaks can turn Hermione into a mean spirited and ...
Not bad, not good
Harry;s son a slithering?
Engaging Story!  Miss the Details a Novel Would Have.
Love Harry Potter
Made me feel guilty as a potter fan... Not a fan of this...
but as I liked the trend of story line J
Fan Fiction
Really nice!
If your child loves HP, they'll love this as well.
Good story, not a fan of the script format.
An entertaining book to be sure but not something to ...
There were parts that I adored, and there were parts that offended me, especially me - a brown Potterhead.
My 10yr son loved this book
Good book but not as good as the others
Read It
Get this book
Thoughtful plot; Love the characters
Satisfactory
An ok story
Eh *shrug*
Meh
Welcome back
Really enjoyed
love the book itself but not the story
Great Sequel
Worth reading, but not fantastic....
Perfect!
Not the JK Rowling you are used to
Obviously
Three Stars
it felt like someone else was trying to write a sequel and ...
Enjoyed the story - was good to see the characters ...
Loved it! Beware
Good play
I enjoyed it!
Five Stars
Remember, it's a play not a book...
I couldn't put this book down! A must read for any Harry Potter fan!
Read it!
Great story
If you love Potter, you will enjoy reading the play
Farewell Harry
So far I love the story
?
Disappointed
Back with the gang
Disappointing :(
Not as good as the other books, but still decent
Excellent but
Still a fan of Harry Potter
Did Not WORK
Amazing
but it was kind of nice to go back to Hogwarts
Five Stars
WOW!
Makes me want more
i hate reading scipts
Wonderful
It just doesnt feel like a harry potter story
... believe JK Rowling would put her name on this garbage! I wrote better fan fic as an 11 ...
It reads like poorly written fanfiction
I really  missed  the  twists and  turns  of a great  Harry Potter  novel.  I  can't  wait to  see  the  play  when  it comes  to  my  city.  Bravo, JKR once again!
It was good, but it felt like there was nothing new
I don't consider this part of the Harry Potter story
Fantastic!
As a stand-alone story, 5 stars. As a Potter book, 2 stars.
I - r e a l l y - liked this book
Truly awful.
I love the whole play
Great book!
Great product!
Five Stars
Another good Harry Potter book by J.K. Rowling
Not worthy of the Harry Potter title
Happy Christmas Harry
Came in perfect condition, no folded pages or anything
She loved it.
Just not the same...
I think she was wise in ending the Harry Potter series when she did.
New generation, similar peril
Leaves you wanting more
good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great! Has arrived in perfect conditions
Three Stars
Just buy it already
Five Stars
A very fun read if you're looking for a new story about the wizarding world and not a new "Harry Potter" novel
My first Harry Potter live action play...on paper.
👍🏼❤️
Wow! Magical! Exuberant!
Good story
Good
Its fan fiction.
EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!
Its just OK,
I do love Malfoy's son though
Another great story!
Great Read for Harry Potter Fans
I thought it was pretty good, I'd rather have had JK Rowling write ...
Good "Harry Potter: The Next Generation" idea, but...
Great shorter story for fans of Harry Potter
Five Stars
Five Stars
I liked this book because it continues with the Harry Potter ...
Spellbound again!
Great concept
Five Stars
Love it!
Great addition
I think JKR could have written a brilliant book following the basic plot line of this
Disappointed
read it in like two seconds and enjoyed it immensely
Great birthday gift
Brilliant
... book with my kids and it was kind of fun to divide up parts and read together
Average at best
Entertaining and simultaneously disappointing
I Wish I Had Waited for the Reviews
Pretty good.
Harry Potter fans will enjoy it
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child Part One and Two
Unless you're an actor or director, probably best to just see the play.
More Harry Potter!
Meh.
Easy Read, Fun story.
WOW
Play it again Harry
For those who doesn't like time traveling stuff - I would expect this book ...
Hard to follow, sometimes
Five Stars
Read a lot like published fanfiction
Definitely doesn't compare to the original series.
Short, but a Nice Ending to the Potter Story
Can't wait to borrow the book and read it.
Quick read.
Meh. Take It or Leave It.
Amazing can't wait for more
It's J. K. Rowling... need ...
It was really a good story. It was different reading it as a ...
Cursed child=fanfic
Loved it
She read it in a day and loved it. I don't know what more I can ...
Good
glad to her that this book (bought as a gift) ...
not really developing things as well as I would have liked, and the characters didn't really feel like the
It's a play book
But then I read it and was disappointed. I don't consider it canon
Book
She really enjoyed it
Good
Good story
Good read!
Didn't sound exactly like the voice of JK Rowling that I was familiar ...
Fair
pathetic and sad
Five Stars
I have loved all the Harry Potter books
It reads like very bad fanfic
I did like Harry Potter and the cursed child.
A Compelling Read
Four Stars
Pretty good, however, I miss the way the books fill out characters.
Very good concept, very well written
I am interested in what happened to Harry and the ...
This story is FUN and not as CURSED as it has been made out to be....
HATE HP & THE CURSED CHILD
I'm going to forget I read it!
If you like Harry Potter _and_ you like plays this is for ...
JK is still great!
The Adventure Continues
True fans should not read!
Short, but enjoyable.
The cursed child
Really good, quick read!
I bought this not realizing it was a script. ...
Fun read.
It is not a book.
Harry Potter
Awful.
A short but lovely visit back to the Wizarding World
Interesting take on a new adventure.
😇
... has a ton of negative reviews but I really enjoyed it. I came in with no expectations
I didn't realize that this was in "screenplay form" so ...
Nice new idea for Harry Potter!
Five Stars
Not a must read.
A flop
It was wonderful to be with old friends again.
I thought nothing could top the original
Pass it up
Good, But Not Great
Not like the HP books
Great new HP book!
Undeveloped
Four Stars
Love anything Harry Potter
Dont expect much
Not very good
good. I think you need to be a Rowling ...
Was thrilled to read it but not so much.
Great story, should be a movie
Good read
I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED TO FIND THAT THIS IS WRITTEN AS A PLAY ...
Fun read to revisit the magic of the Potter Universe.
One Star
Nothing special
Five Stars
Fast-paced but I liked it
This was a great ending to the Harry Potter series
A good time - no matter what others say
not what I expected, but enjoyable :)
Four because it was a play and I would have ...
We have to keep in mind that we are missing ...
The Cursed Child in play form
But it's not great to read it that way so I wish I ...
I missed them so much!
Loved the experience
Five Stars
..a fun visit with characters that we grew up with...
Ignore the bad reviews!!!
it's a great book. Super easy read
I didn't want this. I don't read plays. ...
Rip OFF
get this book if you're a Harry Potter fan
Such a disappointment. I so wanted to love this book
Three Stars
Loved it!
Read Me
Great book
One Star
Three Stars
Great book
Short and Sweet
Harry Potter and the Cursed Play
Amazing! Of course!
Having loved the HP universe for so long this is like ...
I missed Harry Potter!
While it wasn't terrible by any means
Not her best work in the Harry Potter series
Awesome!
Enjoyed reading it..brought back many teenager memories :)
Disappointed
Great buy!
Loved it
Five Stars
Haters 'gonna hate
For Harry Potter Fans
Got it a little bent up.
Five Stars
Two Stars
Very dissappointing
Good read!
... reading it but I am half way through and love it. It's a great tease for harry potter ...
Wouldn't have been a bad story written as a book
Good but not up to standard
Not what I thought when I bought
Back to Hogwarts.
I COULD NOT HAVE LOVED IT MORE
Two Stars
Lost Characterization
Great Book to Read
love the book
Should have never been written
I have enjoyed all the Harry Potter books
Exit Harry Potter
This Play Entranced Me
Would have been better served by saving paper and trees and not publishing ...
Didn't like that it was printed in the form of a ...
Nice follow up
I didn't like it.
Great story but only a small minded person would put politics and refer to Nazi s, disappointing. I hope the book will stick to
HP fans this is a must read!
I was deeply disappointed. As it does not represent the great work ...
Great story, it takes a little while to get ...
fast read
I loved it!
and she loved. It was a big success
Three Stars
J.K. Rowling
But it was nice to find out bit more about life of the ...
Great story!!!!
but enjoyed the movies in retrospect as well
I wasn't sure because I have never read a script type book. But I find myself sneaking and reading at work. The story line is in
Drag things out
Harry Potter and the cursed child
Not a realistic HP setting or outcome
Not sure I like a book written as a stage play
Four Stars
Awesome!!! <3 <3
Hard to get into
Its a play script
Good
... Potter fan I was not sure how I would like reading the latest book in play form
Mediocre
Sadly disappointed.
Cursed Child Review
Great Book!
just disappointed at the lack of content
Do not waste your time
great read with another fan
Cursed Screenplay
Did not disappoint
Good read
Hard to read
OK, but not like the other Harry Potter books
JKR could've done better, but in screenplay version
Interesting since with a screen play the author does not have to add a lot of 'filler' ie what the weather is like for example
Just never catches the voice and feel of the characters ...
Emersed back into the world of magic in ways we never thought possible!! Absolutely spellbinding!!
Two Stars
Nice little what if story.
"Play Format"? not to sure about!
Not Worthy
A nice trip back into the land of Hogwarts
Perfect for those that have been waiting to find out ...
Boring
Being written as a play made it less enjoyable. ...
Not her best by any stretch of imagination
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Excellent - yes, It is a play , and that makes it even better.
Go Griffendorfs
Three Stars
Love the Harry Potter world and all of its stories
It was wonderful to get to spend time with Harry Potter again
This was the WORST HP fanfiction I've ever read
Five Stars
Best HP fanfic there is
Disappointed
Welcome Back Harry!
Three Stars
Slow Go
Written like a play not a book but once you get ...
Play script format
Poorly written, very disappointing if you are expecting Rowling quality.
Would be better as a novel
Well I really liked this book
I really enjoyed reading the Play Script
the first 20 pages are as great as the others
All hail Queen Jo
Don't curse it
Disappointing
No more stories about Harry Potter, please.
It was that bad! Terribly disappointing and yes
Five Stars
Okay but , for me, not as good as the first seven books.
Harry Potter
This made me wish that they left Harry Potter alone ...
Five Stars
The story just sucks.
Needs More of Rowling's Voice
Great book
Meh.  Maybe the play is better.
Great addition to the lore.
A must read
So wonderful!
Cursed Child book
Book was received in perfect, new
Five Stars
Five Stars
Any Potters a good one...
Five Stars
Reads like a quick fanfic
Five Stars
Three Stars
Not what I was hoping for
Five Stars
He's back!
Another great book!
Just like all the other devoted fans who were raised with ...
She loves the book and is very happy with the purchase
Great
It is a hollow shell of the Harry Potter series and I am disappointed that Rowling would ever approve such an embarrassing work
I did enjoy this book
The book itself is pretty big in size but it came in the mail ...
One Star
Slytherin ❤️
Five Stars
Worth a read for HP fans, but...
Companion
Book characters and plot more developed.
It's solid!
A disappointment for all Potterheads.
Noice
May be better to see than to read
It's ok
Story great format not so great
Three Stars
Rowling does it again
Might as well if you loved the Harry Potter series
Great!
I love everything Harry Potter and it was good reading a ...
Not a novel.....
Its a fun jaunt in the world of Harry Potter
It's a play
Wish it would have been a novel... ...
Three Stars
It is probably great to watch as a play but the details seemed ...
It ain't Shakespeare
Great read!
The sequel nobody wanted. Time travel is difficult subject ...
I did not like the way it was written
We loved it!
they both loved the story of Harry's son
Awesome Story; Definite Read
It was like a visit with old friends who introduced me to ...
Great new Harry Potter story (assuming you are familiar with ...
Read. This.
It's a very good book
Awesome!
It was nice to have a little more Potter et al But ...
Pretty good
... there are so many cameos by many of the loved characters! For me the whole Harry Potter series ...
Gift
It makes a great gift for Harry Potter lovers.
Worthwhile Read
love Harry Potter
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child by J. K. Rowling
if you dont like the other Potter books you probably won't like this ...
It was pretty good
A fun read, but clearly not written by JKR
Love the Potter series
I love Harry Potter and have for a long time
Reviewed by 9year old
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Absolutely devoured it like I used to with the Harry Potter books
Feels like fan fiction
Great book
Loved it and wish I could see the play or ...
I couldn't get into this- weird reading Harry Potter in ...
but didn’t read like a Rowling novel
Hits all the Harry Potter feels
a waste of time and energy
I thoroughly enjoyed this book
Fun script to read
This play is quite good, is it like another Harry Potter book
A very enjoyable extension, updated for an older audience
Wonderfully inventive
Welcome back Harry!
Didn't know
Accenio! Old Harry Potter
Not good or Bad - just disappointing and flimsy
Unexpected and a page turner!
Best if you have some theatre background
People other than Rowling, let Harry Potter Be
LOVED IT! There was delayed shipping due to a ...
Harry Potter isn't done.
Good but not great.
Another winner
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Nope.
Five Stars
Good, not Great
5 Stars!
I'm sad to say that this was a total disappointment
Welcome back Harry
Disappointing...
Thoroughly enjoyed
Great product!
This read more like a spoof of harry potter than actual harry potter
Good read. Did not like the play style layout
While it is true that I find this piece to ...
A new side to Harry Potter.
Loved it!
A POOR REPRESENTATION OF HARRY POTTER'S WORLD
Great Read
Superb
amazing
Another amazing story from J
This book was good atleast for my taste
Hated it
Great Sequel to the 7th Harry Potter Book
Great book to add to the collection!! Loved it
It is a different to read a screen play, ...
I've missed Harry!
Quick read, nice to revisit, but just ok
it allowed me back into the world of Harry Potter (and to embrace the wonderful character that is Scorpius Malfoy) so I can't co
Five Stars
Would like to see it in the theater
Bad Format
A great story to extend our knowledge of their futures..
I may not have enjoyed the play format
Harry Potter is still magical.
Loved it!
Four Stars
meh
Another good one!
Entertaining read
rather wrenching emotionally; very well written
... a story from a book and I did not like it at all
she loved it.
and it is an amazing addition to the lore we have all grown to ...
Four Stars
Good story,  would like more
This was a great follow-up to the series
I did not enjoy the story nor the way they published the book ...
It's not a 'book', it's a playscript
Five Stars
Don't bother.
Five Stars
Reads like a pretty good fanfic
One Star
Loved being back in this world
Fun book
Fabulous!!
Very Enjoyable
Will spoil Harry Potter
Terrible Disappointment
Five Stars
Complete letdown
I loved it! I literally could not put it down
Five Stars
Two Stars
The story was good, but compared to the original series it was ...
Loved it!
they never disappoint.
This is written as a play. Take place after ...
Crazy Fan!
Surprisingly engaging
It was a good follow up to the Harry Potter series
Disappointed
The cursed child definitely a flop
Five Stars
:)
Loved it.
A great book to read and a wonderful addition to the ...
Disappointing
Waste of $
Bought it for my nephew as a gift. My ...
Awesome
I guess I expected the magic of prior books. ...
Money Grab...only buy if you must know what happens next
Great next adventure
Maybe the play is better
Better as a book than a play
Nothing like the real Harry Potter
Good
so very disappointed
If JK had written it in regular book form it could have been so good because the premise of the book is good
Four Stars
Five Stars
As man! Just not as good!!! 😞
Five Stars
Definitely a disappointment if your looking for Jk Rowling writing and that ...
One Star
Worth the read - It was fun to imagine what could be done on a stage
Awful
It feels like a HP fanfiction story
good experience.
Rowling and I enjoyed it very
Fabulous Exactly What Was Needed To The Series
does sort of read like a fan fiction
A bit cheesy & not like what you'd expect the real characters to be.
Great story. JK Rawling never disappoints!
It's definitely cool for those wanting to know more about Harry's life ...
It's a fun read.
Unimpressive
It's a play, not a book
I've read better fanfiction, but I've also read worse fanfiction
Great
Very disappointing
Harry Potter Cursed script
This book was different from all the rest but still very good. I enjoyed the read
took me back to the World of Harry Potter and just made me happy reading it
A good story, but not as engaging as reading a ...
Awesome!
Ummm
great!
Enjoyed the book very much, would go to see the play.
ugh my soul
Misleading information
Fun read - story not quite up to quality of the books
Five Stars
seems like this story was rushed or maybe didn't have a ...
Five Stars
Not her best, because of format, not the story line.
Ok
Four Stars
It is not written like the other Harry Potter books (my son has read ...
Meh
Unnecessary
Loved
Makes me wish for even more.  A+ for Cursed Child
Unlikely alliances for unlikely friends
Disappointed. I stopped reading after the first 50 pages ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
JK Rowling...is a friggin' GENIUS
Okay.  Fun for Harry Potter fans
I have loved all of JK's novels
Two Stars
Awesomenessss
Great read!
Screen play vs. novel. My husband devoured it ...
Boo Hiss
I love anything Harry a potter related
ok book.
Yes
Good Purchase for a Harry Potter fan
The Cursed Child
Three Stars
Four Stars
Your a wizard Harry
Totally worth it.
Great
Not as good as the originals
This was a great read! It took me about a chapter to ...
This is one of the best Harry Potter books
I thought I would not love this book because it is a screen play
Does not read like J.K. Rowling book at all
Five Stars
Five Stars
many other people the Harry Potter series will always be a favorite of mine
Five Stars
Awesome!
not worth it.
... well written as a play and would be very cool to see
One Star
Five Stars
Cursed Child
DOESN'T WORK FOR SPIDERS
Not Even Close
but the language was just not the brilliant writing I've come to expect in this series
Potter fan forever
NOT a story, rehearsal.
It was a great view into the adult characters
worth the money.
but the story was good and fits well within the HP canon
I liked it.
Great book. However my wife had purchased a copy ...
Harry's child's story
Quick read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Entertaining
My son loved it!
Not J.K. Rowling quality
Four Stars
Stick with the original books!
Good
Liked it!!
I love this so much
Five Stars
Hard print vs kindle version
It was like reading a really bad fanfiction book of Harry Potter
Harry revisited
why would you READ the PLAY . . .?
Good conclusion to the story
I have had good feedback - once the 'gifted' reconciled to the fact ...
Four Stars
Three Stars
I was glad it was written
Brilliant
Good to be back..
Everything I wanted it to be
Disappointed
Unconvinced of the creative merit of using 'time' to rehash everyone's favourite characters.
Exelente
Great!
So sad, so bad, so disappointing
Like her other books this one does not disappoint the ...
Five Stars
Fun!!
Five Stars
All her books are great. Beautiful cover
It was okay.
A fun read.
Don't expect the original
Just reread the first 7 HP books
One Star
A Good Read....BUT
Good Book
Good to read something else with Harry Potter
Eh....it was ok
Five Stars
Fine if read for free
Good Next Chapter
Read the description. ..Disappointing
Loved this story
I am an avid Potter fan but....
It just seemed like something Rowling had to write
A MUST for fans!
Amazing!!
Did not enjoy, and I am a real Potter/ JK Rowling ...
One Star
Two Stars
Great story
not as good as the original potter
It got better later in the
not bad. However
Sad I spent time reading this book.
Wonderfull
JK does it again!!!
Very good.
I wish they come up with a Dumbledore series!!!
Excellent read for those with a good imagination since it ...
Ughhh I need more!
Three Stars
Just ok....
harry potter and cursed child parts 1
Two Stars
I'm kind of disappointed. I thought j
Good book
Great book
Disappointment in a book.
Decent Read
... was a book written for acting and I didn't enjoy it as much as I would've have the other ...
I enjoyed the plot but I didn't like the format it ...
Excellent addition to the Harry Potter Series
It's like the worst parts of the series come to life.
It was Potter worthy.
Bootleg version of the book from China
Was MUCH better than expected
Three Stars
Five Stars
Not a Book
Was disappointed book was in play form. Would have liked to have had more details. Story line was excellent.
Brought back some memories. Not sure how much JK ...
Got to read
Wow
Not written in prose format.
Visiting old friends and making new ones
Worth the read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I am fan
I was disappointed '-'
I am a HP fan so I liked it. However
Disappointing and terrible.
Great book for our family
Fun read
Fun new story
Real surprise here
A script, REALLY?
One Star
Love Harry Potter
I want to see it live
Disappointing
More Harry Potter!!!
Genuinely Sorry I Read It
... character thoughts and emotions which were some of the best parts of the original Harry Potter series
Bad fan fiction
Four Stars
Five Stars
reads like middle school fan fiction
Arrived damaged
Loved the story line
Great book!
Five Stars
Excellent! A great addition to the series
One Star
Three Stars
Eh...
Five Stars
Worth reading more than once didn't think I would like this writing style but I loved it couldn't put ...
Not bad
I love reading the Harry Potter series
Past reviews are correct when they say this reads like fan fiction
this was rough
Five Stars
Reads like fan fiction written by a tweenager.
Exiciting story!
Highly recommend it
Unimpressed
on page 196 and confused
Gave me shivers in my patronus
Reads like fan fiction
Five Stars
Liked it
Good story. Not a fan of screenplay aspect.
An excellent addition to the Franchise.
Great Story.
This is the End!
Just as much fun to read
One Star
Why Hermione?
Another Great Book
Anothr 5 stars for JK Rowling!
Happy Husband
Rather play than book, but liked it much
I Didn't Think
Great Potter Story
Reads like a play
Great story! Wasn't really expecting it to read like ...
💝
Want a movie after i see the play onstage!
One Star
Who really wants to read about middle age Harry and friends and their sad lives.
good book....
Yeah
No audio version
Its not like the other books
Excellent addition to the series
Meh
Haters are going to hate.
I Loved This Sequel to the Harry Potter Series!
It wasnt as great as harry potter books lol but it was still ...
Good story. Short. Fun.
I read the whole thing in one evening, but ...
Very little justice done to what should have been a great story.
This book was a disappointment overall. There were occasional moments that got me ...
and counts as his best friend one Scorpius Malfoy
Read if a fan
An excellent 8th installment!
Started out slow but gained interest as became more proficient ...
I love me some Harry Potter
Semi satisfying conclusion
meh
Multi people enjoyed the book.
Good continuation!
Realistic and fascinating!
Not great. It was not as good or exciting as ...
Five Stars
Missed the depth of her novels
Abysmal script, absurdly off canon. A daughter of ...
Different but good
Somewhat enjoyable
Fun Take
The Play
Read in two days
... have found all of the Harry Potter books very good to excellent
Wow
Loved it  one of my new favorite books, but they forgot somethibg
Read it in 3 hours - Sad to see it end.
Great read! Dedicated to fans!
Four Stars
I was disappointed in the presentation
I love Harry potter series
I thought this was the novel. A play script ...
What Just Happened?
Amazing
I was happy to have read this book as I'm a big ...
potter but not
Thumbs down
A great read
Well Done!
however nice to see the old characters back in action
My 11 year old son is a die hard Harry ...
Perfect
Three Stars
The confusing adventure
Wonderful
Fantastic!
Five Stars
just didn't like the book
Lovely visit back to this wonderful world
Cursed Child | a brave continuation
Five Stars
Five Stars
Disappointing
Good
We need more Harry Potter
A quick read.
Two Stars
Read!
Know what you're buying!
Five Stars
Could be better
Worthwhile for Harry Potter Fans!! Loved It!
They're back!
It was good, but some of the magic of the series ...
Don't waste your time or money
Just Meh
Probably an ok play buuuut....
Book
Great read for Harry Potter fans
Quick read and good book. I liked the way it was written ...
Four Stars
don't feel it developed the background well but was an easy read and a fix for my Potter-world
Fun read
I don't know what the naysayers are taking about
Three Stars
The story was good, but I didn't like the format
Five Stars
Wish I could go see the play now!
I wish it was in audio format . I think it would be a wonderful audio book if recorded like the play with different voices playing the roles.
More of the same
Left wanting something else.
but she loved it.
Five Stars
it is not always for the best. This book keeps you going on what's next
The Saga Continues, Even for Grown Up Kids
Excellent look into Harry's life 19 years later
Was introduced to Harry on a CNN review on the ...
Dont bother.
I read about three pages and got bored.
Two Stars
Not A Harry Potter Book, but that's not a bad thing
So happy
Good script for theater or movies.
Okay for what it is
Time-turned!!
Only meh
this book was a major disappointment. I
Five Stars
Great
Truly Brilliant!
Enjoyed the continuation of the Harry Potter world but would ...
Lacks emotion.
Can this be a movie, please?!
Two Stars
Five Stars
great book
HP fans enjoy!
Meh
Not Good - Great Characters Lousy Story
it's a bit off kilter from typical novel but story was good..
Potter and Malfoy together
Definitely worth the read.
All the feels!
Loved it!
Cursed Child =  Blah Child
wish it was printed like a book instead of a play haven't been able ...
Meh
Fun, but not as fun as the original books.
Another great potter book!
Three Stars
I was expecting more detail in the story like the books but I guess that is the down ...
Five Stars
It was awesome to get back into the HP universe and see ...
Loved it!
One Star
Very good book
it was a solid story with good characters and would have been a worthy successor to ...
This definitely did not feel like a Harry Potter script
Harry Potter as a Script
Would enjoy this concept being made into a movie and the ...
This review is NOT about the author or her work!
Love it!
Don't waste your time
Really Enjoyed It!
Don't bother
Amazing follow-up
They seem to very happy with it
Fun quick read for the HP lover
Ugh...
Actually terrible
couldn't get into reading a script
I love reading plays so this was a delight
Five Stars
Better than expected
What was that.
Great but not perfect like it's predecessors
... give it 3 stars even though I was very disappointed. It does have the name Harry Potter on ...
Don't Do It... Just Don't.
I bought it for my son who is in middle ...
Three Stars
I didn't care for this book
It's a Harry Potter Book by JK Rowing. What's not to like?
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good!
One Star
Wishing for more
Three Stars
Son's a HP fan!
It was good..
but was terrified that this would become just another cash-in sequel like so many other franchises seem to do these days
Big Harry Potter fan!
Five Stars
It's just real bad and contrived
good
The Cursed Child
It's Okay.
Good book
Five Stars
Expectations
Pretty good.
Several good subplots.
Worth the Wait
It was easy to read and the plot was close to interesting ...
Loved it. Rowlings writing is so superb that you ...
Poor
Love J. K
Four Stars
Great book!!
Five Stars
tedious to read
Good book for a play.
This book almost ruined my love of Harry Potter....
Another great read
Great book
Not what I expected but good
Good play, doesn't feel like 'real' Harry Potter.
And the story continues
Interesting
Wow
Wanted a story continuation, but this fell short
Nice story, but not as good as originals
Could have been longer but it was pretty good.
Amazing
Five Stars
The title didn't do it justice.
Bought for my daughter - she loved it, but could see how sme people will ...
A must read
Loved this play.....Want MORE
Fun read that doesn't quite live up to the original series
Would love it to have been a real book rather than ...
love it
Good read! Once you get over the format of ...
Five Stars
Loved it and craves anything Harry Potter related to read ...
Just okay.
Grateful for more Harry Potter!!!!
Not really worth it.
Worst thing written
Interesting
I am a huge Harry Potter fan and I loved how this picked up right where the last book ...
Completes set
Enjoyed the story line
a disappointment
Great story and love the storyline
Better than expected
Doesn't keep my attention and I find the characters I loved very annoying
Magical
Adequate and worth reading
Love hate relationship
I'm So Disappointed
Two Stars
Awesome book
One Star
Simply awesome
You have to have attended theatre or previously read and enjoyed plays or you will hate
Five Stars
Five Stars
Worth the wait!
Loved that is followed the original story line
Three Stars
Great reading
Very good book, a little disappointed with its quality
Sorry, not impressed.
One Star
Thought it was a nice follow up to the HP series
Four Stars
Worth the buy for fanatics, but not all that great
Four Stars
this was very one dimensional and reminds you of Mel Brooks comment " the quest for more money" a sad ending.
Four Stars
Great book
Was a good read, but not as good as the originals. Felt a bit lost at times..
Four Stars
Five Stars
I won't finish this book.
A fantastic forage back into the magical world
Terrible shipping
True Harry fashion
I loved reading this book almost as much as the first ...
Well worth the read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Happy to revisit Harry Plotter's world
Ordered in Error
Good reading
Five Stars
It was great
Easy to read for a play.
:(
Great
Great book, bad Amazon shipping
Nice trip to the future to see the past
Too short
... to read as a play (for me) but really enjoyed the next generation
For a play it's fun writing. It isn't a book
Will be reading again!
meh
Meh
A great follow up to the previous saga
Fast shipping
Five Stars
Hate the Play Script....
A good read
It was good but a little weird ready it as a script ...
Save your time and money
Five Stars
Has to be read
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
However the story was a disappointment.
Three Stars
I was happily swept back into the magic of the Harry Potter ...
Love
Glad I read it, but....
Thank you J.K.
Five Stars
Good job
Five Stars
Great story but was written in play format kind of ...
... knew it was the "play version" but kiddo didn't like reading it that way
I like it but it's not as easy to read in ...
loved it
Ugh.
Pretty good. It's a quick read
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great
It was great to get back into the world of Harry Potter
Didn't like it.
Five Stars
Not as magical as the books
Liked the novels better.
One Star
I've read so many negative reviews about this written script and I see why people don't like it. (A) This is not a pure work ...
Hard to read
I love scripts for when I'm in a play
Loved how each one worked at either the magic school
The Story Continues .....
For rabid fans like myself
I loved
Fun read!
Couldn't ask for more!
Five Stars
The book is bad and reading it made me feel bad.
Loved it! Couldn't put it down
Different but wholly satisfying experience
The Harry Potter and friends you knew will forever be tainted.
Four Stars
Five Stars
good story, I just did not care for it ...
Worthy succesor
Four Stars
Disappointed...
Nice gift
This was a great story. You have to have an imagination to ...
Too many flashbacks.
Highly recommend
Highly recommend
so t waste your time reading
Very good read. Wish I could've seen the play.
Two Stars
I love Wizards
Not as it seems!
Two Stars
Fine
Horrible!
Excellent
Love!!!
Three Stars
Once I got into the play format, I was ...
Three Stars
Love, love
Two lies are written on the back of this book
Great to be back in the Wizarding World!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Not the 8th book, but enjoyable non the less
Such a let down
Perfect!
a delightful trip down memory lane!
Three Stars
Still Fun! But different in script form over novel look forward to seeing the play on Brodway!
found it predictable and somewhat boring.
Sad. Real sad
One Star
Must read
It fills out the Harry Potter collections
I loved it written as a screen play
Disappointing
But it was great!
entertaining
Fabulous!
More Potter? Yes, please!
Three Stars
Scripted
Harry Potter Adventures #08
Rave Review
I think a novel would have been better for me
Nice book but there's no comparison with others Harry Potter ...
GREAT BOOK - A MUST READ FOR EVERY HP FAN
Not worth the money if you are short on cash
Fun, but not the original.
I couldn't put it down!
Five Stars
think of it as fanfic, not a harry potter book
Four Stars
Another look at the Wizard World
Five Stars
If you are a Harry Potter fan, you need this book!
Prefer Novel Format
The new format was not as good as the previous books
Five Stars
I was hopeful
Ok but too many things changed.
Loved it. Definitely very different reading a screenplay instead ...
Cant wait to read it
Four Stars
Authentic Fanfict
Different but Awesome
Four Stars
Keeps the magic going!
More Harry
Five Stars
Still a good read, but just not what I was hoping ...
Four Stars
Thrilling tale!
great little book
Five Stars
Nice read
Four Stars
It was good
Very simple book that creatively uses the existing Harry Potter ...
But I will say I know it's good!
Five Stars
Three Stars
loved it.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Loved it!
Good Story
One Star
Good for HP fan - bad choice of plot.
Fun and interesting story
I expected a "typical" Harry Potter book that I loved. I will not be recommending this book to ...
It's ok...
Disappointed
Another great story from J.K. Rowling
Five Stars
Four Stars
Disappointed
Five Stars
Don't.
Did she need the money? It's the only reason ...
Not much to say.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Cursed child
That said it's certainly not the worst possible read
Let's pretend this book doesn't exist.
not a good read at all
Great to add another story to the Potter series. Thank you for engaging our imaginations
Three Stars
One Star
Fun read
What you would expect from HP.
We've all read better fanfiction than this excuse for a play.
it was like read a play which interrupted the flow of the ...
Love it!
Five Stars
Everything i hoped for and more!
Why jk why ?
Five Stars
Heart touching
Well Worth the Read
Perfect
How bad could it be
Definitely not as good as the other books but still pretty good
Love
Better in book form
Play form
... & persons so many times that I lost interest pretty
Five Stars
Two Stars
Liked it!
Five Stars
Three Stars
I wanted to buy the book by J. K ...
The Cherry on Top
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good read
Another great
Sometimes a yawner
Not like the others
A Worthy Addition
I really enjoyed getting a chance to revisit the world of Harry ...
Read it now .....
Super exciting
QUITE SIMPLY. GREATNESS.
IS JUST ANOTHER BOOK
Four Stars
A true Harry Potter fan will love this. Yes it was a quick read and ...
Meh
Okay conditions
One Star
Not Up to expect ions
I wish I hadn't read it
Two Stars
We all love Harry
Amazing liked everything recommend it to ppl who like reading, I chose these rating because it deserved it.
Story fails on every level
So far so good
The novel is a quick read, being a screenplay ...
Five Stars
Nice to have, but not really the same level as the books
It didn't feel like it. Sentimental and awkward
Bravo, a most delightful blend of love, courage,shenanigans and magic. A great read! Anyone interested in the Harry Potter stori
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Awesome!
A Look into the Future
Lost in Translation
Excellent
What comes after?
Four Stars
I love all the Harry Potter books
Five Stars
Five Stars
I loved the story
Extended fan fiction
A good read
Loved it
Five Stars
Excellent story, even though it is written in a ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
New twist storyline
A Must-add
Potter fans rejoice
Loved it
Five Stars
... huge fan of the HP books so I was delighted to read a new
Lacking a bit
Reads like a fanfiction
Five Stars
this was not a great Harry Potter story and I quite honestly only kept ...
Five Stars
I loved it because I love all things Potter and was ...
Three Stars
Nope
Don't bother
Loved been able to know more about Harry's story
If you love the Harry Potter books
but a good read.
"More" Harry Potter
Was a great continuation of the series
you'll be really sad. If you read it imagining it happening by ...
Harry Potter and the cursed child was great
Five Stars
It would be easier as a book
Four Stars
Four Stars
Was a little disappointed.
Loved this!
... my daughter-in-laws' Christmas wish list and she is very happy with it
Five Stars
Had me engaged from beginning to end. Took me right back into the wizard of world. Truly amazing story
Very much enjoyed reading about the crew and their children! Fantastic story.
I enjoyed this book
Five Stars
Could be better
A wish come true
Loved the whole series except for this
Please Make this into a movie series Jo Rowling!
Five Stars
Happy reunion
Good story
Enjoyed!
Great to revisit old friends
Five Stars
as a Harry Potter fan he loved the book
Harry Potter offspring
Three Stars
This book although not as good as the original series is great
Three Stars
Huge disappointment
While it was did not possess the quality or intrigue ...
Five Stars
All smiles
I've always liked Harry Potter books
A must for HP fans
Love love love
Four Stars
A lot like reading shakespeare back in high school
but I thought it was a good story and I enjoyed it
Another hit
A waste of my money
I got the newest on my kindle cause I wasn't sure I would like it in play form
Great choice! Timely arrival
Keep the magic coming!
The continuing journey of family Potter.
Four Stars
Potter Owles & Children Come Home
Boring and Unpredictably Predictable
but it reads Great, Fast
Five Stars
Written like a movie script
Good follow up.
Good....
Great job
Delphi lives
Five Stars
Four Stars
Book was written like a play script and once got into the book ...
Three Stars
my second least favorite book by JK Rowling
Awesome!!
It's okay.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Missing magic
Pretty Good
it wasn't what I hoped for
It was good but not great
Disappointing purchase
Awesome for the Harry Potter fans!
It's worth the read but not great
Four Stars
Five Stars
Excellent
Missed Harry
Five Stars
Four Stars
Excellent story, but prefer novels over screen plays
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
A good, quick read.
Five Stars
Wow!!!!!
Enjoyable sequel to the original sequence. I have friends ...
gut still a great
One Star
Nicely done
Essentially ruined the Harry Potter series
I would have rated it higher but I am really ...
Good book
Good little read for Harry Potter fans.
Good story
A Story Line Cursed by Lack of Imagination
Exceeded expectations
A MUST read for any Harry Potter fan.
Great followup
Continuing the fantasy with Harry's son!
... beginning was a little weird but it definitely got better around the halfway mark
Great story
Four Stars
One Star
Three Stars
Cant wait for part 2
Good book, its a script for role play not a novel
you will probably enjoy this
Rowling can not write a bad book and this one is no exception
Different writing style for author.
Five Stars
It's very funny the ways in which this took me back. As a young mother reading the originals with my son as he grew I still rela
Just ok
Astonishingly poor drama
Basically fan fiction.
Good buy!
One Star
Loved the book and price was very competetive
One Star
was actually a very good read.
A devilish and irreverent masterpiece
Not what I expected
Five Stars
Three Stars
Great
Interesting screenplay
As amazingness and magical as the others!
Pretty book but mediocre storyline
Play Script not A novel
Five Stars
Loved reading about what happened 19 years after the last ...
Not J. K. Rowling caliber. Very disappointing ...
See how Harry handles a teen
Great book. Every Harry Potter fan that my daughter ...
I can't believe I waited so long
Not as good as original Harry Potter books but still great characters ...
poor quality work - save your $$
Five Stars
But a fun read. Wish it it was in more of ...
Five Stars
*Mind Blown*
WOW!!!
A fun read
Good experience.
Nice continuation
It's ok
It was either going to be amazing or absolutely horrible
Four Stars
I just finished reading the whole series to my 8 year old son
I love all of her Harry Potter books and I also ...
She says the story is awesome.
Not a J. K. Rowling style.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Amazing book!!!
Four Stars
No brainer!!! This is a must-have!
The good and the bad
I loved this book
Interesting
Sucked
Beautiful
Five Stars
One Star
Slytherin :)
Five Stars
Four Stars
A nice add on
but still awesome.
She was very happy with the
Four Stars
Not the best book, but still good
Plot development -- Worthy of a third grader
AWESOME😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
Five Stars
She LOVED it!
Good extension of the series
Terrible
Fun to read .
Amazing just wish there was a movie of this
One Star
Five Stars
Just like with all of the other Harry Potter books
A fitting epilogue
Average
Brief Return to Hogwarts.
If you enjoy reading plays...
More Fanfiction Than 8th Book
Three Stars
Scripted book
Five Stars
Loved it
Four Stars
she did so in one day and was going on and on about how good it was
Like books better
I love Harry Potter
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Harry Potter
By Dumbledore, She has done it again!!!!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good
she loved
Five Stars
Four Stars
Wow. . .
Five Stars
Not worth the read
Harry Potter with a twist of Dr. Who
a little hard to follow at first but wonderful.
Five Stars
Awesome book
Okay...
Wanting more
Good buy
Moderately let down....
Five Stars
Four Stars
Love to see this play!!
Five Stars
ehh
Great continuation!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I enjoyed that the storyline focuses on just a few characters
Good, but not quite what I though
SOOOOO SAD!
Just OK
Wonderful story!
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Short but sweet
Five Stars
Brilliant
Five Stars
J K does it again
Four Stars
Thanks, JK!
Not like the original books but still good
Not what I expected...
We were excited to read this book but it is ...
Sad and disappointed
Love it!
He loved it.
Love it...
Loved the flashbacks
I loved this! I have been a Harry Potter fan ...
Two Stars
but not a great work.
Wish There Were More
Five Stars
Excellent, as always!
... I got into how the book was written I enjoy very much
Fun - but not at the level of the original series.
Five Stars
Loved it
boring, not up to Harry Potter standards
Ho-hum at best
RK is great
Would have been much better as a Novel
Great Finish
Five Stars
Excellent,
Five Stars
It read a bit like fan fiction
this book was not good..
Five Stars
Harry Potter is Amazing!!!
Not worthy
Five Stars
Unpredictable plot! Loved it.
HP Book
Five Stars
Good enough
I very good read! Enjoyed how the involved former and beloved ...
Five Stars
Three Stars
get sample.
Very good book though because it was written in script form ...
Three Stars
Excellent! A lot of nostalgia
Just as Good as Rowling
Just like going to a family reunion, exciting, suspenseful and with surprises.
potter
Good, not the best of Harry Potter stories, but worthy
Five Stars
The story continues
So good!!!
Five Stars
Harry Potter Rides Again!
Five Stars
she loved it.
Four Stars
It was a great, quick read
Five Stars
Five Stars
It was a waste of time
Not as good as I hoped
Good quick read
He loved it and had it read in a day
Interesting read. Reading a screenplay is a little different ...
I LOVE Harry Potter and when I heard the cursed child ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Eh. It had a beginning, middle and end.
Five Stars
Expecto Patronum Fantastic...
Three Stars
Long live Harry
Continues the great series; compelling story
Even though it was a screenplay and not a regular ...
The story line was good but wish it read more like a
A. Really good read.
great read - beat my expectations
Three Stars
Disappointing
maybe the worst ever written
Five Stars
It's as wonderful as I expected it to be and it was ...
Good book
Five Stars
Three Stars
It was good, but not great!
It's alright.
Five Stars
Loved it!
Awesome!
Do not rush to read
Two Stars
Five Stars
Love this book. Doesn't disappoint
!?!?!?
Four Stars
Great read
I'm not sure I would have liked it any better written as a book though
Great story  Great book
For a true Harry Potter fan.
A fast moving adventure that weaves what we know and love with the next generation at Hogwarts.
No
Three Stars
Good
Wasted effort...don't bother.
Enchanting
Hated this. With JK Rowling's name
Bitter Disappointment
Fabulous
One Star
Not quite Harry Potter
Five Stars
Great Gift !!!
... but once i got the hang of it i loved
Great play
Not bad, just not AWESOME.
Very mediocre.
AMAZING!!
Worse than most fanfictions
I miss Harry!
Don't buy it.
Five Stars
More
Loved this Play
Harry Potter and the Cursed Book: Mediocre fanfiction.
It's k
Harry Potter ages well!
Still a great story. Fast shipping
Potter returns
what fun.. great story
Five Stars
Fabulous book
its pretty
Didn't do it for me
Love
It did not feel like a real Harry Potter story
Amazing book!!
Five Stars
Fun, but crack!fic
Four Stars
Different
This book was awful. It was as if it ...
More Harry Potter is always Better
Great.
I miss the good old days of HP world.
I am not crazy about it written as a play
Same stuff. Wish there were new characters and more ...
Feel good tale
HP
Excellent read. Can't wait for the next one
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fun read!!
Didn't live upto expectations
Three Stars
I read it in 1 day after I got it ...
Awesome gift/ great book
nice gift
I really enjoyed reading more about them
I was  sooo  disappointed  in  this  book !  All  of  the  other  Harry  Potter  books  were  top  notch ,  but  this  one  is
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
WTF
Four Stars
It must be wonderful on stage
Not my expectations
Could not expect less
It's a screenplay
Harry
book
Just terrible
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
I wanted to hate it, but surprise!
Get it as a novel or wait for the play...or movie.
Five Stars
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Great book but know what your buying
Concept good but format bad
Good book but....
pretty average
Great addition to the HP story!!!
One Star
A quick fun read
Don't waste your time!
Five Stars
One Star
The makings of a good story, poorly handled.
Very surprising sequel... Well worth the read ...
Great book. Took a little while to get used ...
Five Stars
I liked it so far but I would rather it be ...
I am a passionate fan of the HP series. ...
A time Turner itself!
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Harry Potter collection
Took me back to first time picking up first book ...
Five stars!  Thoroughly enjoyed it.
but this was a very good extension of the story
Five Stars
but enjoyed
Like visiting an old friend
Five Stars
Horrible
Disappointing.
Disappointed
Three Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Another great story
Great read.
Dissappointed
but great reading anyway
Can't wait to see this live!
Five Stars
Barry Potter adn tve cursen child
Must have
Five Stars
Amazing of course
Good Plot
Loved every other Harry Potter book
One Star
Good stuff
Four Stars
Definitely good read for the nostalgia
Two Stars
Interesting & fascinating
FAN-FUCKING-TASTIC
I found it fairly boring.
Loved it!  Read it twice.
Five Stars
One Star
One Star
Amazing!
Four Stars
Corny
Not a s good as the other books
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Harry the father
Four Stars
Not as good as a book
Five Stars
Won't want to put it down
Five Stars
Harry Potter ALWAYS!
Five Stars
Three Stars
What a wonderful experience. Difficult to live up to that milestone
Glad to have Harry, Ron & Hermione back!
Four Stars
Three Stars
She need to make more books!!!
Great!
Easy read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Cash grab I'm afraid - I really wanted to like it though - sigh
Bought this for my girlfriend
Bought it for my wife and she loved it
What a let down
Don't waste your time with this book -- wait for the movie.
The book is perfect
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Hmmm....
Three Stars
Three Stars
Potter falls short
Five Stars
It felt like a forced book
Great book
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Birthday Gift with No Surprises
Five Stars
You'll never guess...
Very good
Should Have Stopped At 8
A very good book to read
Loved it!!!!
Rowling fulfills our wishes
Great job
Quick read
HP4Life
Another great installment by JK Rowling
Five Stars
Bored
Just who IS the 'Cursed Child?'
Not bad
Don't let the first 2 acts fool you!
Harry Potter Book
Delightful
A huge disappointment.
Five Stars
over all I was a bit disappointed. To much on father son relationship
Four Stars
Great addition to the Potter magic
Crap
Five Stars
A great addition to the Harry Potter series
it doesn't read like a typical HP book
Enjoyed this easy read look into the character's later lives
Amazing read and great continuation of the Series
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
New format makes a difference to reading enjoyment.
As always, amazing!
Two Stars
Harry potter fans must read!!!
Great HP follow up
Five Stars
More Harry Potter is not Necessarily Better
Three Stars
BIG DISSAPPOINTED
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice trip down memory lane
Five Stars
Four Stars
💗💗💗💗
Five Stars
Harry  Potter  fan
THANKS J.K.
Five Stars
Will read it again
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Welcome Back to the Wizarding World
Four Stars
Loved it.
... up to all my expectations and I was so glad to be in the world of Harry Potter once ...
Five Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
satisfied my harry potter needs
Love
Three Stars
Screenplay? Thought it was a novel!
Five Stars
I enjoyed it, and was surprised by some of the ...
Another journey with HP and gang
Five Stars
Great characters
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Voldemort Has A Child!
Five Stars
I bought it for my wife and she loved it! She was dying there isn't another one ...
Great read!
Three Stars
Disappointing
As insanely great as all the others
Very disappointed!
Five Stars
Three Stars
rehearsal script. .....difficult to read
Not what I expected
Five Stars
Not that good
I loved they way the new and the old was incorporated
Had I paid a little more attention, and knew ...
My bad.
Very fun read. Makes you want more
... HP fan) getting my hands on this script was awesome. This is not a novel by JK Rowling ...
Hardbound book/Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Part 1
Great play
Five Stars
Harry Potter
Five Stars
Five Stars
The story continues
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great deal
Bad decision to read it😒
Five Stars
Was Good But Not Excellent
Four Stars
I love Harry Potter and I bought this book based on ...
Not what I expected
Nice.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Loved it!
Must read!!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Great
The only thing is that I do like the rest of the books more than this one
Funny, wonderful book!
Three Stars
Could be better
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great for Potter fans
Not impressed in MI
Rowling does it again!
Excellent!
Interesting, but...
A magical world 19 years latter
Two Stars
Otherwise good.
Five Stars
Very Pleased
Love it!
potter
Five Stars
Another solid entry into the Potterverse
great addition to the collection
He loved it.
Great Series!
Five Stars
Five Stars
I don't feel like this story really embodied the characters as it should ...
The story continues. Written in play format. Quick ...
Five Stars
JK does it again!
un-exciting
Five Stars
A great Potter fix
Five Stars
Five Stars
Ok for short story
It didnt have the same impact as the rest of ...
Three Stars
Good extension of the story
Must for a Harry Potter fan
Great Continuation of the Harry Potter Stories
Great!
Awesome Sequal
Good book.
Five Stars
Excited!
Five Stars
It was ok it would have been better as an actual book and if the made the ...
Disappointing
but I like that JK Rowling was able to explore different scenarios ...
Worse than a really bad fanfic...
I read this the entire series the day each one ...
Harry Potter
Must be read with realistic expectations.
Wonderfully written; great to have another "chapter" in the ...
So far like it.
Five Stars
Inspiring
Five Stars
Five Stars
And the next generation continues the tale.
Not as good as I had hoped it would be
Two Stars
So Disappointed.
Four Stars
Three Stars
Different take on Harry Potter
Over all not a bad book if you're a Harry Potter fan
Two Stars
Rowling fans will enjoy it
Nice Addition
Wonderful read
One Star
Great book!!
Five Stars
Four Stars
and the plot and dialogue was bad. I understand this is a "script" and the ...
Really horrid and vastly below expectation.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
but still a fun adventure.
Two Stars
Five Stars
Harry Potter book
Four Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Good story.
Five Stars
Wonderful to see Harry again!!
Great!
Five Stars
One Star
Entertaining
Cool
Exploring the Harry Potter characters further
Three Stars
Loved it. Reading the whole series again
Five Stars
Two Stars
Best book
Entertaining, but not outstanding
I Will not buy a plaid book again. There ...
Four Stars
Abandon all hope ye who enter here
Harry Potter fans will not be disappointed...
Very good
I am glad to find out about his children
Five Stars
She loved it!
Far cry from past books
Excellent!
Four Stars
Good read. Not as good as the originals.
Harry Potter & The Cursed
Apparently the Best Present Ever
Harry Potter and the low quality cash in
Surprisingly Good
Four Stars
Three Stars
Such a beautiful piece!
wish it could have been a novel
One Star
Five Stars
Harry and Albus
try again
A bit different, but wonderful all the same.😊
Of course it's cool - It's Harry freakin' Potter!!
Five Stars
Amazing
Four Stars
Two Stars
ok
loved it
Stick with the originals
Five Stars
Three Stars
Might as well read fan-fiction written by a 7th grader.
Took some getting use to
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
Fun but nothing more.
Three Stars
Thanks for letting me enjoy the HP World once again
Another great addition
Not easy reading
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
book
Not good at all
Four Stars
Good but
Disappointed. Not up to the quality of JK Rowling
Reserve your judgment until opening night
Three Stars
Great Story!
This is different.
Two Stars
I suppose I would like it on stage or screen more, because the notes explain so much of the action it takes away from the story
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
YES. IT IS A PLAY. YOU ARE LUCKY YOU EVEN GET TO READ IT!
Different but good
Love it
Two Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
As far as harry potter stories go this one for ...
Only ok
Bad dialogue, not a Rowling original
Awesome read
Harry Potter b ook
Three Stars
What a disappointment!
The Cursed Child
Five Stars
Loved it
Four Stars
Somewhat slow and simple
Book jacket edges were a bit crumpled. We wish ...
Not worthy
Five Stars
Five Stars
great book
Four Stars
Quick shipment, clean copy
Five Stars
More Harry Potter
Book
I mean, it's a book version of a play ...
Flop
Play format
Four Stars
Writting style different
Five Stars
Three Stars
Harry Potter Fan
Five Stars
I tried to like it, I tried so hard
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Back to a world I truly missed.
Try the sample first
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
The story was good but not as good as it would have been ...
I would have enjoyed it more had it not been written in the ...
Good read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
blech
Five Stars
Wife enjoys it
Good
BUY THIS
Huge disappointment
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Great story
Good quick read
No one other JK Rowling should be writing these characters, and here's why:
Fell short.
Disappointed
I feel as though I just caught up with some old friends that I haven't seen in a while.
Five Stars
Disappointed in the format it is written
The best post-script!
Excellent plot.
Three Stars
Ohhh yessss
Next time no plays
Great read!
Loved This... Hope to Someday See it Performed on Stage!
... a play when I ordered it but I really enjoyed reading it
Three Stars
Wonderful, unexpected, and magical (of course)
Great addition to the Potter saga
I liked it overall
Cursed Child Succeeds -- Eventually!
Loved the book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
I loved it
Five Stars
Sad
Five Stars
dirricult to read
Love of the magical world
Five Stars
Two Stars
I could imagine the scenes easily as I read the book
Great read
Five Stars
almost didn't finish it
Five Stars
Five Stars
It is in play script mode personally i would like it wrote the regular way it would be more ...
A Great Book
Garbage.
I love Jo Rowling
Great story.
Two Stars
A good read but far from my favorite HP
Loved it!
Not worth $17 but a reasonably good story.
A-MAZING!
Five Stars
Another amazing Harry Potter book
Five Stars
LOVED IT!
Who would've guessed?
Five Stars
Enjoyed the next part of the story.
I ENJOYED THIS BOOK
Another great story by Rowlings
Two Stars
it was a good read.
not cool!
I was really disappointed that we were still embroiled in Harry and Voldemort's ...
Another good read.
Five Stars
Our daughter is delighted to add it to her collection and has read ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
One Star
Harry's Play a bit different.
Proven wrong
👍🏽
Liked it contrary to the negative reeviews !!!!  Give it a shot !!!!!
What a beautiful continuation.
Reads like some not-so-great fan fiction
Fast paced read
Underwhelming
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Two Stars
Back in the world of Harry Potter
My wife enjoyed it
Future movie?
Good Book
Pleased with
A great read for all ages
One Star
Slight disappointment
Two Stars
Five Stars
Good story.
Four Stars
How can you not buy/read this book if you loved Harry Potter series!?
read
But sfyer getting use to it thoroughly enjoyed it!
Five Stars
Great for Harry Potter fans.
Potters' Back
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Disappointing
Great Read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Badly Done
Lovely trip back into the world of Harry
Fulfilling read
Five Stars
It has the spirit of the original books
Love Harry Potter
Five Stars
Not as great as the other Harry Potters
Three Stars
Awesome
It's in the reading
Could not put it down
Three Stars
just not a fan of the script reads like fanfiction, mostly because JK Rowling didn't actually write ...
this book is a ton of fun. My daughter and I loved revisiting some of ...
Five Stars
Love it
👍
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great installment.
Just great!
eh
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just perfect!! this book brings you
Two Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic. Hoping for the movie
Five Stars
Five Stars
FOR MYSELF... THE BOOK AS IS, ...
Harry Potter book
Five Stars
but I like it well enough
Five Stars
Might as well be a fan fic
Five Stars
Very good follow through(thru) on past POTTER stories
Quite Entertaining
Five Stars
but a fast fun read.
I want more!
It is a play as opposed to a book but ...
Great reading
One Star
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good Book
... book for my 13 year old daughter and she loved it!
Great! Loved it!
Brilliant!
Five Stars
Dissapointing
Three Stars
Good read!
Harry Potter
One Star
If you would like a Different Twist on Harry Potter.
Five Stars
Let's pretend this didn't happen
Great alternative viewpoint
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Brilliant!
great gift
Great
Love it, love it, love it.
Five Stars
Great screen play. Now make the full book and movie too!
Book 8 is amazing even for a script
is full of disappointment in many ways
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
One Star
Three Stars
Not up to Rowling's standards
Eh
Incredibly Entertaining
Five Stars
Two Stars
The Cursed Child, Rowling Delivers Again
I really enjoyed it! Don't know if there would be enough ...
Five Stars
Fantastic
Five Stars
but I was delighted. I enjoy reading plays
Crappy fanfiction plot
What a farce!!
Three Stars
AWESOME!!
great
It's Harry potter. What more can you say.
I think it's a really beautiful play about parenting and growing up
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child Parts One and Two
Ehhh...
This book was awful. I am a huge Harry ...
Three Stars
I genuinely enjoyed Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Maybe the play is better to watch than read
Wizards who mess with time, will have a bad time.
Five Stars
I found it a little difficult to get into due to the screenplay format but I enjoyed the story and wish I could see the screenpl
It's a Script! And it's awesome!
I highly recommend Potter fans read this play.
Don't waste your time
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
MLeduc
One Star
Great
Different, but good!
Five Stars
I really expected it would be better.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nice quality
Awesome
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not What I expected, nor want
Not enough Rowling
Five Stars
Not good enough
... a fan of the Harry Potter series you will love this book
Keeps you guessing
Five Stars
Damaged slightly
What happened to the magic?
Awesome seller!
Disappointing.
Grabbed your imagination from the first page
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It read like J. K
Five Stars
A different style than I was used to but it was a good book!
... I wasn't too sure if I was going to like the story
Five Stars
Great addition to the Harry Potter series
Highly Recommended
Liked the story!!
Two Stars
A flat and disappointing reading experience
the characters felt a bit like shadows of their counterparts in the novel
A rather mundane, and uninteresting, time paradox story ...
Welcome back Harry Potter
Five Stars
Great book!
Five Stars
Character Development missed the mark
Harry Potter #8
Harry tries parenting teenagers.
Five Stars
SUPER SUCKED IN
Fun but short
Five Stars
Great read
Five Stars
Two Stars
Five Stars
More Harry Potter
She mentioned that JK rolling has other books out that she really enjoyed.
Three Stars
love
Five Stars
Four Stars
Very Disappointing
great story
But it's obviously wasn't as fun or adventurous as books
Another great read!
I enjoyed this book because I LOVE the harry potter series so it was very fun learning about the kids and finding out so much!
Four Stars
Potter's son
Reading the script version of the story is a little ...
Fun
Never disappointed by JKR.
Five Stars
Great book.
Love, but wish......
Perfection.
Five Stars
If you liked the original books
Easy to read. Easy to forget.
Bloody brilliant
Disappointment
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Best book to finish the HP story
Five Stars
Why can't they write more?!
Excellent stories and I cannot wait to see it performed on stage.
Lacks visual description for reader compared to past novels given ...
Not so good.
Story OK Format not so much
The stage is set...
Three Stars
The plot was great and worth the effort
Five Stars
but left me wanting better character depth
Five Stars
Awful
This hurts
J.K. Rowlings never disappoints!  Harry Potter is the BEST!!!!!!!!!
Good story
I thoroughly enjoyed this. Although it lacked the innovations that JKR ...
Five Stars
Great book
Three Stars
Five Stars
Great to revisit this world.  Quick read
Easy to have your memory of Harry unaffected by this ...
Amazing
Five Stars
it was an adventurous story pulling in all of the favorite characters while still being fresh and exciting
Five Stars
Great book!
Three Stars
I love
Ugh.
Great buy!
Five Stars
Four Stars
One Star
HP Slightly off the mark
Great book
It was interesting but more like fan fiction
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Another best seller!
Harry Potter Lives!!
Just perfect !
Amazing
Good Book
Three Stars
Four Stars
nice!
So in love!
Disappointing. Not worth your money.
Easy read with the format of a screen play makes ...
Don't waste your money...
Meh.
Awful
Five Stars
Three Stars
Never enough Potter
She loved it
Great read, but not as good as books 1-7
Four Stars
No problems with purchase.
not her past work pretty bad
Very disappointed!
Wasn't crazy about the play format. Too choppy. ...
Five Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Meh
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
.......um, what?
Potter obsession
Lackluster Book
Five Stars
Good plot.  Well written.
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nothing new
Superb
Oh my God Amazon just let me read the book
Not as good as the original books of course
Soooo disappointed
LOVE LOVE LOVE this book
I Liked It.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Call me disappointed. Sorry
Page turner
Two Stars
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
A fun read. Give it a chance.
Good story
Loved the book or "screenplay
It was like a poorly written fanfiction
Book 8
Disappointed
Three Stars
Would not buy, seems like bad fanfictoin
But overall the story was good!
One Star
I liked this book but nothing was crazy new
Five Stars
granddaughter loved it
Five Stars
Amazing play... story, character and adaptation
Enjoyed every minute
I found the other Harry Potter books had more twists ...
Breathtaking!
Five Stars
Has the flavor of a mediocre fan fiction story: *** WARNING SPOILER ALERT ***
Good story! Reading the "script" was a lot less ...
I wasn't sure that I would like a book written as a script for a play ...
Though it had new characters and it was great to escape back to Potter land
Very disappointed. I bought this as a gift for my ...
Good as play.
One Star
Three Stars
Very good
Loved it
Five Stars
A Satisfying Return to Harry Potter
Five Stars
Who is the child?
Five Stars
Disappointed
it's a fun little exploration but definitely no game
Five Stars
Harry
A nice story
JKR ROCKS!
Five Stars
Disappointed
Four Stars
it's still a great
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
I hate to say it
Not up to HP
A play or a novel
J.K. Rowling has done it again!
Four Stars
Revisit
My granddaughter was thrilled to death. She has read ...
It was great reading from beginning to the end
One Star
love this book although the play format takes some adjustment ...
Don't spend your good money on this book
Love reading it as a script
Definitely recommend
Five Stars
must be such an amazing experience!
Five Stars
It was nice to see the characters grown but it really didn't ...
Amazing book, aside from dislike towards the issues with ...
Potter Fan Must
Great Read!
Five Stars
Three Stars
A great continuation
Good  read
Four Stars
Just read My Immortal
Five Stars
Is this a joke??
Power Of Reading
Five Stars
Three Stars
Not perfect but...
Hardcore Potter fans will enjoy it I guess
Five Stars
Never a disappointment
Need time to get used to reading a script
Three Stars
She loved the book and enjoyed telling me about it
Omg i loved this, mainly because it was just a continuation ...
Four Stars
I hated for it to end
Four Stars
Two Stars
Four Stars
Tremendous fun. Look forward to someday seeing the show
Three Stars
The story reads like a terrible piece of fan fiction
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Rowling never disappoints.
Four Stars
I wanted to know more about some of the other ...
Interesting
They'll love it!
Fun Read
Four Stars
Three Stars
A Fitting Sequel
Great Taste of the Potter We Love!
Five Stars
Nice story but boring
I enjoyed it, but I can see where someone who ...
Magical
but you will be disappointed with the story
Great
A Wonderful Addition to the World of Potter
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Okay
Four Stars
One Star
Five Stars
Terrible. Does not add to the series
Five Stars
Nostalgia.
Five Stars
Five Stars
but I am glad that I didn't
Son of Harry
Three Stars
Five Stars
I really enjoyed this story
To negative feedbacks: what were you wanting?
I enjoyed this but I much prefer the books of J
Like visiting an old friend
Not the Harry Potter story line you are used to.
good one
Two Stars
It was more of the same. No added excitement, creativity or magic to keep my interest elevated.
Your Harry Potter crazed family or friend would love it.
Love Harry Potter
Four Stars
Two Stars
AWESOME book!
Such a disappointment. When it finally started to really develop it ...
Not! Not what your looking for, not enough
Really enjoyed this
Magically wonderful on stage
RIP Albus Severus Potter
Fun Read
Very good
I love HARRY POTTER
Five Stars
YASSS
"Harry Potter" forever!
Three Stars
One Star
It took a little while to get used to the script style of writing but I was swept in by the twists and turns just like with the
Four Stars
Three Stars
Incredible
It's was good. But it felt like there was something missing ...
Want more
Was great finished in 1 day
Three Stars
It simply wasn't up to par with the series. ...
Five Stars
Just OK
Disapppointing. Not as complex or layered as expected. ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
The power of Friendship
Good Because I Can't get to the Stage Show
Five Stars
Love the story line and the new characters
It looks like she took the easy way out to make more ...
Decent enough, too condensed though
Five Stars
Five Stars
Left me wanting more
Not as captivating as the original series. Definitely a ...
Excellent!!
Nice to visit old friends (no spoilers)
Four Stars
Three Stars
WARNING: This is not a novel but a manuscript (or playscript as they call it)
I enjoyed the book
Five Stars
Okay
Great twists and excitement!
Well worth the read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not at the same level of the others!!!!!
Cursed child
Four Stars
great book.
so bad. Ought to make a decent film when they ...
Five Stars
Good read
Three Stars
I fully enjoyed this and would recommend it to any fan
I liked the book
Four Stars
Clunky.  Reads like fan fiction for the most part.  Excessively short scenes are more reminiscent of film montage than theater.
Must read for Harry Potter fans
Four Stars
Five Stars
BOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRIIIINNNNGGG!!!!
Not your normal book.
Terrible Fan Fiction
Better than I had hoped
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fantastic. Great return to the world of magic
Was really disappointed with this book
Another great storyline.
It was fun to revisit the world of Harry Potter
Four Stars
Good but not the same
A bad time travel story with endless conveniences and unlikable characters
New Harry Potter Book
Great to have potter back
Exceptional!
Enjoyed
... issue was it was in play format and not like reading a book
Good
Five Stars
One Star
I wish
Sadly disappointed
It was a good book, and I enjoyed it
If your a fan of the Harry Potter series then ...
Great New Chapter for Harry Potter Fans
Not as good as the 1st seven books
Love the universe, disliked the story
One Star
Disappointing
Returning to the World of Harry Potter!
Five Stars
It's a play, not a novel!
I really wasn't all that thrilled. I realize that ...
not your run of the mill Harry Potter story
Read me
Great
Great Gift
Five Stars
One Star
Play not a novel
One Star
Such a disappointment
I was waiting this book a lot! I was ...
Five Stars
Extremely satisfying
Not what I expected ...
Good quick read.
Three Stars
who wants to read a play for fun?!
Five Stars
Love it!
Review for HP and the Cursed Child
Not what you think!
I did not like that it was in a play format
I confess myself disappointed
Five Stars
Looks like he is happy with the book
Perfect
If the Prisoner of Azkaban is your favorite book you will love it
I read like a junior high schooligans student wrote it
Harry, All Grown Up
I love J. K
However it was a very good read. Good to have a story line of ...
Disapointing and not up to the level of the series
Three Stars
Great read!!
Go in with no expectations
Five Stars
Basically fan fiction
I was so disappointed.
Not bad!
Not what I was expecting
Can't wait to read it!!!
One Star
Five Stars
nothing too special
Five Stars
Not a fan
Loved it! Hoping for more
Awesomeness
Harry Potter fan
I liked the play
Good for a quick read and if you want some ...
Good Play read!
Love Harry Potter from the beginning
Must read
Awesome
Five Stars
Amazing
A very good read
because I knew script for two plays and would be quite different from her books but I totally enjoyed it know all of the above
Five Stars
Parts 1 and 2 was a great sequel for one of the best children's literature series
Five Stars
Harry Potter Fan
Probably better seen than read
It is about struggles, redemption and love. A truly remarkable screenplay. It quenches the Harry Potter fans' thirst for an 8th
Five Stars
Fantastic tale
Three Stars
Pretty good
I did enjoy all the characters and the story line
Awful. Just awful.
I was severely disappointed with characterization and several plot points
One Star
A Must for Potterheads
My expectations were low so I didn't end up disappointed. The story at least kept my attention and ...
AWESOME
One Star
Not as great as an actual J
but I enjoyed this play
Three Stars
Five Stars
"Different, but good" say my superfan kids
Five Stars
Gave as a gift
Three Stars
YES....
... of those Harry Potter superfans - I really really love the books and movies
Very annoying to read as a play
A Let Down
Five Stars
Must read
I'm a true Harry Potter Fan
Surprisingly lovely and worth reading, despite haters hating
Breaks my heart
Why haven't you gotten it already?
Great read
Five Stars
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Five Stars
Magic is still alive
Fun
Three Stars
Good book for a Preteen
Don't waste your money!!!!
Good book
Fantastic!
Hard act to follow but well scripted.
Not JK, but Ok.
Disappointing. Prefer narrative to play.
Wish *I* had a time turner...
Just finished
A GREAT ENDING
Good enough
So disappointed.
I love it!
I love the harry potter universe and I'll read pretty much ...
Four Stars
Can't wait to see it live
Loved it!!! I want more!!
Lacked the joy and excitement of a true JK Rowling novel
Three Stars
its so good
Two Stars
Good quick read
Sweet Memories!
Harry. Potter and. Cursed. Child.
Just what I expected.
Be still my heart!
Is it really the end
Fun story!
One Star
This is a screen play, not a book. ...
Not sure what I expected
Five Stars
Keep the Secrets
Five Stars! Amazing message
Good book
Enjoy i
I loved it because it perfectly reflected my own life of ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
I was disappointed in this book
Great
One Star
Unique format but a good way to tell this story
If you're into slow plays go ahead, but definitely not a novel.  Wasn't worth the read.
Three Stars
New Story
I loved it!
Fantastic addition to the Potterverse!!
Five Stars
I was hesitant to read this one because of the ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This story is very LAME. J
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Book
Loved it
Good
It's written as a play. Somewhat difficult to follow ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Great!
Five Stars
FANTASTIC. So great to be back in the Wizarding ...
One Star
this book is not worth reading i was verry disapointed in the book
Kinda reads like HP fan fiction
Five Stars
Reads more like fanfiction. Certainly someone's opinion of what happened after ...
Five Stars
J.K. Rowling captivates again!
I didn't want it to end!
Three Stars
Lower your expectations
Potter mania
not as good to read a screenplay instead of watching
It was excellent. Love the idea of confronting the past and ...
Awesome
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child by J.K. Rowling
Four Stars
It wasn't the Harry I remember
Five Stars
Three Stars
Script form Not suitable for younger children
it read like a novel
Loved it !  Wish there could be more books!
Leave the HP writing to JK Rowling
Disappointing format- a play script, not book format.
Like Fan Fiction
GREAT READ!!!
It was pretty good but I didn't like that it was a ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must read
One Star
Five Stars
Great book to read.
Not as terrific as the original series
Five Stars
Four Stars
... fan of the Harry Potter series I was very disappointed to read this book
Great book! Wish we had more
I really wanted to love it
Fun read
Three Stars
5 Star
One Star
So sad
Excellent
Script not book
Good book
Five Stars
Great read
Harry Potter
One Star
Happy
Wonderful read. A great addition to the Harry Potter ...
Five Stars
One Star
Three Stars
thus it's meant to be seen and you'll be able to enjoy it.
would have enjoyed a novel much more
Five Stars
Not great but not horrible
Disappointed
One Star
Three Stars
Not the same
Five Stars
Worst story ever
Five Stars
Good read
Fun, but...
... not comparing it to the original series it's a good time. Unfortunately just can't live up to the ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
I was not sure about this being a script but I'm SO glad I read it bc I LOVED IT!!
Three Stars
Five Stars
👍
I loved all the other books
Five Stars
Reading a script is a bit different than a book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Not my favorite
Adventurous nonsense.
One Star
I enjoyed the read
Three Stars
Crying phoenix tears of sadness it's so bad
Five Stars
Five Stars
... all pop and son feelings and the action was lame.
Great
After reading all the Harry Potter books, I found ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Magical
Greetings
but am severely disappointed with the way the story took its course
Happy wife, happy life.
Greatest Post-Harry Potter Book!
It was wonderful to relive the Harry Potter experience
Two Stars
It must be the most beautiful production.
Shameful
An enjoyable read for Hogwarts fans.
Not typical
I love the Harry Potter series and this is a huge ...
It is stil a good read.
One Star
... "play form" but once I did - it was great!!
Magical
A fun little jaunt back in potter land
Missing the end
Great bookI looking forword the next book
Loved it
Five Stars
Five Stars
I found harry to just not be what he was ...
Ok for Potter fans
Wish it was in regular novel format but still enjoy the story
I cried a lot
Can I have some more please
Harry Potter is Back again!
Wow! Movie please.
Four Stars
Great read, but too short
Amazing
The Eighth is Great!
I still enjoyed The Cursed Child
Want more!
Five Stars
Four Stars
The same Harry Potter magic
It was a good book, but short
Was okay
Three Stars
Harry Potter  Books
Not as good as the originals, but still a good read.
A fun return to the world of Harry potter
Nope.
good price, unfortunately the book itself is a piece ...
Disappointed
.
I Laughed. I Cried. I Said Good-bye.
Pretty good!
Great read!
Love it better when JK Rowling wrote it by herself ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Avada Kedavra Yourself
-( Just didn't feel like JKR wrote it
Great story !
I personally say don't waste your money and read this
It's not a Harry Potter anymore and it's fine this way
Felt nothing like the HP we know and love
Five Stars
I just wish there was more!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Ehh...
A great continuation to Harry Potter that all fans should enjoy, just understand that it's a script and not a novel
Don't buy into the haters. It is a screenplay, not a novel!
Magic!
Four Stars
Good book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Badass from start to finish and a great welcome back to the wizarding world.
it was ok
Loved the story
Thumbs up
I wish that if they were going to make another ...
Five Stars
A solid addition, but lacking something I can't put my finger on...
Bad Fan Fiction
AWESOME!!!!
Well very thing I've never been more disappointed with a book
Good idea but sad it was written as a play
Loved it
Thank You!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Greatly overpriced for what it is
Five Stars
Would have been better as a novel
Five Stars
Fun read!
Love love love.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
loved it!
should not have been written as a play- that was ...
but reads just like a book
I do not like the way it is written
Thank you
If you love the Harry Potter series this is the book for ...
Loved this play
Awesome!
Like most of the other reviewers
Difficult to follow in script form. Will probably have ...
Two Stars
Story is good!
There is no way I wouldn't love it. I'm so not biased
As a script, this book excels
Fan Fiction Quality Writing
Great read! It went by too fast
If you are looking for Harry Potter I am sad to say you were tricked
Fanfiction???
The story is great but the play's not the thing.
Two Stars
One Star
Absolutely loved it, bought a copy for my grandson and ...
Could have been better, could have been worse
Five Stars
Even though it's not a book i feel to parts ...
It was a good effort. Too many errors from the original books
Love reuniting with all of our favorite old friends
Four Stars
Three Stars
A waste of time for me to try to read it
One Star
The best thing about this book is that it brings back ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
So disappointed
Short
MOVIE!!!
Two Stars
One Star
Two Stars
How?
Five Stars
Good Summer read.
Would not recommend.
Four Stars
Short story.
I did not like reading the book as a play
Five Stars
Five Stars
Eh!
Good book
I can't say I liked it. It was a gift for my sister
Not for the one who cannot recall past books or lack imagination.
For those who love Harry Potter
Love it. Very entertaining and easy read
Four Stars
Don't waste your time
Amazing stuff this story is so good
Five Stars
but a good story in the end
Three Stars
Disappointed
One Star
Two Stars
but I loved that the story advanced so fast
Magic!
Just enough to tAke the edge off of my HP craving but not what,I expected. A,little predictable and not a fan of the "script" fl
Five Stars
What were they thinking?
Disappointment
Another great HP story
Loved the book
Five Stars
excellent story teller
Five Stars
Excellent book!
Was disappointed
Three Stars
Five Stars
I must start this by saying that I love the Harry Potter book series
Three Stars
Waste of time and very disappointing
Five Stars
Disappointing.
Not a fan of the play write format
Great book to read
For the Love of Father and Son.
Loved the story, missed the details.
then you can digest the fact that it reads differently than the other books and enjoy learning about what happened to everyone a
however I was disappointed in that it wasn't in a novel genre
Five Stars
Script not book
Short and sweet.
Five Stars
Five Stars
A fun, but flawed trip back into the Potter-verse
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good
