The Beginning of the Trumpster Index Expurgatorius
A controversial but important look inside the Trump White House
Read and Understand
Term Paper
Reading this book is like being forced to eat an entire 5 gallon carton of ice cream
Nothing more than what I already ready in the newspaper
Purchased this in part to support our 1st amendment
I got the kindle version this morning. I probably ...
I am not a phony billionaire. I am a ...
This is what freedom of the press is all about
Bad marriages. Cash-strapped in a business where the measure ...
Informative AND delicious!
Good and bad
Excellent!
Intriguing narrative of a dysfunctional, dystopian White House
Wolff is potentially Pedantic and/or Pretentious
What You Probably Already Knew
Thankfully I'm not a US citizen. If I was ...
So good for all of the wrong reasons.
Fun for a work of fiction though terrifying as a piece of journalism.
This book will be remembered as the most believable story told about the Trump White House, regardless of how true it is.
Must Read
I know Wolff is somewhat eccentric... you'd ...
... sadness at the travesty of our current administration will hate this book
Fire & Fury in the White House
Gossip you already know
Wow--just WOW!
Now he's a PRESIDENTAL egomaniacal disaster.
An Entertaining Read
This book should be called Bannon vs. Kushner
Revealing, humorous at times, disturbing.
Nothing can top the daily news
I would have finished the book, but my dog ate it after we went to bed. I guess my dog is a Republican.
Not worth the paper it is written on.
A Must Read
Five Stars
Not really worth reading
Insightful, often hilarious, and hard to put down!
Fascinating read. We all sensed this sort of insanity ...
A must-read for both opponents and proponents of Donald J. Trump as President
Key names of people to watch out for
A good book serves multiple purposes
An X-Ray of the surreal times we are living
Had high hopes for this book, but was let down.
This is a fun read, if a bit alarming when you consider ...
Over the past year Trump has clearly shown the world ...
The Deceiving of America By Donal Dump
Interesting details.  No surprises -- except for the shoddy proofreading.
A Voice-over of a Trump Montage of the Past Two Years
Great read!
Almost a satire, but rings true
Just as you suspected, but WELL-BEYOND your worst nightmares ...
The Grifters Part 2
A thorough and scathing review of the Trump White House
A page turner.  I couldn't put it down.
Five Stars
Now it all makes sense!!
Read this book because Trump hates it.
Must Read For All Concerned About American Democracy
Scary as Hell
Amazing & Hilarious & Appalling
Swimming in THE SWAMP
Stephen Miller is 55-years old!
A lot of assumptions based on the subjects' intent and ...
Excellent! This is an historic book. This book is a must read for anyone interested in political science!
A MUST read for anyone trying to understand this Administration
This is a first hand account of a situation still currently unfolding and that is what makes it frightening
Shows Trump fell into the job of President through serendipity in spite of himself
Five Stars
Must Read...and Soon!
Up to the mid point it's good, then gets draggy
Inside the eye of the Shitticane
This book turned out to be oddly comforting
A JOURNALIST AND AUTHOR LOOKS “INSIDE” THE CONTROVERSIAL PRESIDENT’S ADMINISTRATION
Great reat.
Chilling
Roman Senator Seneca was right
Fascinating
Interesting insights into the Trump Presidency
It all makes perfect sense!
One big problem.
Like watching a train wreck
A Fly on the Wall in the Trump White House
Take it with a grain of salt - but so much fun
A fascinating, nauseating, horrifying and laugh-out-loud read.
much better than anticipated given early reviews
Don't pass this book by- it certainly answers a lot of questions
Decent Read
After watching the actions in the White house for the ...
This book wil infuriate you and will make you laugh. But it will not surprise you
Now what?
Five Stars
One Star
An Extremely Important and Interesting Book--All Voters Should Read This
How to make sense of chaos
Not Great But Worth Reading
A Contemporary Drama Perfectly  Portrayed
How did we end up where we are?
Boring!
A Must Read
Trump is a national embarrassment.
Worth Reading, Good solid Information.
Will be best $15 spent
Should be renamed "Dumb and Dummer"
Priceless insight... true or not true. ...
Amazing read
Absolute Page-Turner
Funny and terrifying
It's a book about Trump.
Interesting read
The Question is?  Truth or fiction?  Much of what Wolff has written is borne out as real.  The President is truly a nut job.
A real "LMAO" experience.
FIRE AND FURY
Arrogance of Power
I look forward to a sequel.
Evangelicals SILENT on tRump affair
A must read for...pretty much everyone
The power of the truth
The book is pretty accurate - America's in trouble
This book needs a sequel.
A White House in Disarray.
trump is a sorry individual that is ruining our democracy
As important as it is entertaining
MUST READ
Useful contex for understanding our situation
Entertaining & Fun Book
Buy this book and learn the truth about Trump!
I am going to read it again!
but that's a good thing. I found it well written (I'm not ...
Interesting but structured bad
Fun book that shows a picture of the white house ...
Sigh...
Excellent and informative read
Reads like a very bad soap opera (maybe it is...)
All this book needs is a flow chart
Very worthwhile read in Jan 2018
Interesting read
If you can suffer through the grammar...
No surprise to anyone who has been paying attention to the news
Interesting read
Astonishing and Frightening
It is a good read and well worth the $14
It's all true BUT so was yesterday, so is today and what he does tomorrow will be, too.  Hard to keep up with it all!
Glad I read it.
I enjoyed this book quite a bit
Provides Perspective One Year On
It’s worse than we thought.
Ignorance is a curse.
Mesmerizing like a dumpster fire, tasty like a Lil Debbie's Snack Cake
Nice Write and Nice Read by the Author
Don’t leave home without reading it.
BATSHIT CRAZY
A look at dangerous dysfunction and chaos
Every Chapter a Surprise
A must read!
But great book and hugely believable
Amazing View
Amazingly, already dated as a source, but important from a historical perspective. Glad I read it.
Compelling insights
A meaningful portrait
Unweave the tangled web of those who learned to deceive.
Holding up the mirror of reality
In support of America and the First Amendment
The Nightmare-in-Chief
I really enjoyed this book
GREAT BOOK
The man is the biggest liar on planet earth.
Staff Insights
Assembles many of the pieces of the puzzle
Read it for yourself...
That this book even exists supports its primary thesis
A loose canon presidency well described
Totally plausible based on the news
Not worth the money I spent
Not surprising but very revealing
Our President is flat out crazy
WTF? TFU!
Cognitive Dissonance
Seems like a hatchet job to me
Your opinion will depend on your perspective!
Tough
He forgot how ro read. Lack of practice.
Wolff did have access, make your own conclusions.
Behind the illusion
No Thought Police Allowed.
It's worse than the public perceived
Such a guilty pleasure--like reading a real page-turning trashy novel ...
Super Interesting and Fun Read!! Masterfully reported
Five Stars
Might be good as a horror read if it didn't have such ...
Excellent Insight
A 1st Amendment, freedom-to-read purchase---with loads of collateral benefits
An "unusual" read! This book was, indeed, ...
I know there has been a good bit of controversy around what's real and what's been ...
just seems like gossip. that said
Let the truth be told
Whether you think this book is entirely true or not ...
Entertaining and Scary
The first thing I looked for was how much I ...
Worth the time to read. Anyone interested in what ...
Very interesting read
A Dirty Delight
Bannon Fodder
WOW Fascinating insight into the "ohmygodness" (author's word) that is the current presidency!! A must read for these times!
WHERE CHAOS REIGNS...
It's like a nightmare I can't wake up from
An insider view
Provides a fascinating insight into Trump and the White House ...
An Uneven Read
Be concerned, very concerned.
Keep a dictionary on hand, if nothing else, you will improve your vocabulary
Insightful and gossipy
Would be hilarious read if this was fiction
Great book.
Fascinating, frightening behind the scenes account
The Real "House Of Cards"!...
it's terribly wordy (like the author)
The White House appears like a comedy movie
Trump
great read
Scary.  Compelling.  Brilliant.
We recommend this book.
Paints a picture that's too believable to be fake.
Let's be more careful and intelligent about it next time we vote
Yes, It's As Bad As We Thought!
Wow
Wolff's Book Rings True
No revelation but rather confirmation
Probably one of the best books I've read
Well don’t feel i wasted my money
Great Read
Mostly about Bannons opinions
BETTER THAN I THOUGHT
Profiles in Dotard
Whitehouse Whacky - Words Well Written
Interesting read....
Great information and very frightening for our country
Five Stars
While the publication may lack research rigor, as claimed ...
The Shame of the Republic!
Shades of Macbeth
The whole story we suspected was true.
Worth reading!
Revealing & damning
Sad that this is what America has come to
Well Worth Reading
Great book.
Fleshed Out What Was Always Known
It's an interesting book and feels mostly true. I ...
Though Trump and his supporters discredit this book as "fake" it's very real and frightening.  All the pieces fall into place.
Insiders glimpse into the trump circus
Insightful account
Unbelievable!
Actually better than the general reviews.
Trump is a horrible person.
Wow!
Confirms a good deal of what we have expected
Nepotism, greed and delusion! The Trump Trifecta.
My "no" vote against public information supression
Not half bad
Great look into the mess going on in the People’s House
Inside the Trump White House
Love Trump, you'll hate the book
Still ?s
The content has been openly obvious to me for some time and finally someone has put pen and paper to it, i just trust that little or anything at all has been created by the author
He really did a good job getting into the putrid meat of the situation
Full of good gossip, exciting storytelling.
unnecessarily run-on sentences
Fine novel.
Easy to read, but not particularly insightful
A well-written, informative and likely accurate read about the evolution of the Trump Administration and his presidency.
It does give great insight into all the drama not shown on the ...
Truth to Power
Great book on how horrible Donald Trump has made America
Four Stars
Interesting
Extremely sad but an important read
Definitely lived up to all the hype.
Interesting read
No Comfort
FIRST AMENDMENT
There was nothing that I read in this book that ...
Quality Gossip
Many issues of ignorance, stupidity, and personal aggrandizement are noted...But, NOT ALL.
Even better now that we've seen what happened to Bannon
Mr. President, you doth protest too much.
The Borgias meet the Simpsons
The nightmare scenario - but for reals!
Not finished with it yet but I will be listening ...
Red, White and Bruised
A must read
Thoughtful & Thorough
Chaos Recorded...
A somewhat sloppy book, but informative in its way
A Patriot's Guide To A Persistent Headache
so much so that the book was often pretty funny. That said
Everything you thought you knew...wasn't bad enough.
just like a "Watergate" story in the making
Clown president
I resolved in 2018 to quit reading all of the articles about his horrible administration. Instead
Not so surprising
Something for everybody in here
This book was trashed by Trumpites as full of lies ...
Colbert said it best...
Overjoyed and Overwritten
Page-turner
Like eating peanuts
If past is predictive of the future, this book is spot on.
GOOD HEAVENS!  IT'S ACTUALLY SCARY!
No revelations for me
Five Stars
Like previous reviews said
Connected all the dots
An eye opener thanks to Trump's sales tactics.
A worthwhile read
Outstanding
A four-year-old president.
Well written and informative.  Down-right scary.
Our ignorant and deceitful president, and his merry band of misfits
Loved this book
A very insightful book!
Five Stars
Confirmed
Important Book: What happens when someone gets elected who wasn't prepared to be POTUS
An inside look into Trump and his circle
Incredibly readable
Wow!
This is NOT Fiction
The  Planet of the Apes
Fun read
Riveting
A Psychopath at the Helm!
Nothing in this book is a surprise to anyone who ...
The Orange Clown Unmasked.
Amazing story, but it doesn't surprise me any
wow!
A bombshell!
Fun Read!
From the Point of View of a "Fly on the Wall"....
Send a Message!
Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book
Electoral College Needs to be Updated to Reflect Will of People
Revealing
Sad but True
A wonderful portrait of idiocy and those who coddle it.
Now it all makes sense of the nonsense!
Fire and Fury Bears an Ominous Warning for all Americans on Political and Ethical Deterioration.
Better Than Fiction
Five Stars
Rings true!
Indictment of the Trump Effect
An insightful look into the chaos
Entertaining as heck!
Essential reading
Crybaby in Chief
An interesting and fun (if disturbing) read
If you get angered over people not doing their jobs, pace yourself with this one
So that's what happened!
Terrifying if True
What happens when a foreign power puts an incompetent con artist in the White House.
Historical lesson in owning a National Mistake!
A Reckless Display of Stupidity and Distrust in the American Way
fascinating read
Fire and Fury, indeed
Written with a blowtorch
Interesting read
The reason I only gave 4 stars is that the author's never-ending use of split infinitives became very annoying and I found myself actually mentally editing the text ...
How things are REALLY run?
Awful
Worse than we thought or suspected.
Interesting but difficult sentence patterns
Confirmed that we have a jerk in the White House.
Fire and Fury
American Catharsis
The main reason I bought this is because it was ...
Eyes Wide Open
Good reporting. Good writing. Good read.
Riveting
... on the fence in consideration of order this "tabloid" like book. As cease and desist is the order ...
Not recommended by me
We all need to be very afraid of this man.
Adds context to everything you have already heard!
Why does Trump fear this book? Buy now before banned
Hastily written, wildly informative
Review of Michael Wolff Book Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House
Down with Emperor Normalbrain, the Famous Camel-Identifier ! ! !
Well written content. You will not want to put it down until you read the entire book! Good job Michael Wolff!!
Whew & to think actually lived through this
Well ,that explains a lot...
Not great but not bad either.
The unvarnished truth
The Puppet thinks he's already a Real Little Boy
Connects the dots that the media does not
Four Stars
Seriously mixed emotions
A great read
WOW!
If only half this is true the US is in for a rough four years
Painful Read
Enjoyable and Eye-Opening Tale of Blundering Idiots and How They Took Over Our Oval Office.
Five Stars
Articulate, well-written and entertaining
An excellent book! Well written and right to the point ...
Confirmation of What We Suspected Aout the Trump Administration
Good book; needed more proofreading
I would highly recommend it.
This book should be required reading
Can a real President please stand up?
Fire and Fury
Good. That's about all you can do
Crazy Time!
A Horror Story and a Must-Read
Scary
Great explanation/description of the players
Very insightful
Read It!
Book length gossip column, but a good one
What Goes on in the Whitehouse behind the Scenes
Pretty scary stuff!
Juicy tidbits narrate a story that we already mostly knew
Thank You, Trump, for Making Me Exercise My Right to Buy This Great Read
Fire and Fury review
Fire and fury
An insightful review of the Trump Administration from an inside ...
Startling on its reporting
Trump: a deranged tyrant!
Not shocking--yet definitely worth a read
Interesting read
Yay Donald!
Personal review of Fire and Fury
Who's driving the blimp?
YOU CAN'T MAKE THIS STUFF UP
Amazing book
The face, the conscience, the intellect, the soul, the heart and the leader of the Republican Party
This is a wonderful book. It's a pager tuner
The president is a corrupt, despicable, cowardly thug ...
Hard to put down.
A must read for all American voters
Ripped from today's headlines!
This book tells the truth!
An Absolute Must-Read
The problem with this book is its honesty. I ...
I shudder for the future of democracy
What we see is what he get !!!!
Not Quite Up to the Hype, but an Interesting Read
Can't wait for the sequel!
A most amazing read. My biggest impression of Trump is now ...
A Necessary Read
Excellent
A page turner for sure
An American Wake Up Call
Control by Chaos
Yay!!!
Very interesting and easy read.
White House Circus
Amazing look inside the Trump White House!
Great book
Nonfiction As Dark Comedy
The book provides needed clarity on what we've witnessed and ...
He Did What Most Journalists Are Too Cowardly To Do!
Amazing read
Rings True. Chaos in the Whitehouse
An Insider’s Look at DJT
Informative, well written , and scary! I  highly recommend this book to anyone interested in how our country is being destroyed and operated on the whims of a less than capable, uninformed President on a day by day basis!
A Must Read
Ashamed of the history this book is exposing
Book was what I expected
All of them to Guantanimo for treason!!!
great book for anyone who wants to learn how the ...
A look behind the closed door
One big happy family, America united.
Great read at the inner thoughts of this Whitehouse.
A Dazzling Tour De Force
I hate Trump - I loved the book
Wolff writes with a flamethrower...
An Extraordinary Peek Into the Inner Workings of the West Wing
Good behind the scenes recounting.
Interesting look inside Trump Presidency
Great read!
An insider says
Everyone should read this book Yes, the author did ...
Interesting book
Didn't like him then because of his smart mouth and dislike ...
Insightful but lots of misspellings and words no one on this planet has ever used.
The philistines are in power. Story of uncultured, ...
The West Wing Exposé of dysfunction & incompetence
You know if he was yelling foul it has to be true
Certainly not a dull read.
Every American should read this book
The recording and CDs are perfect. I'm nearly done listening to it
Not as Exciting as the Talk About It
Fire and Fury will make you ask-Who’s in Charge?
I loved that at the beginning of the book the author ...
Five Stars
It's natural to be incredulous when reading a report of real-life farce.
Interesting Read-Nothing New to Learn Though
Read Into the Steve Bannon Interviews Closely!
The book reads like a palace intrigue novel about Tsar Nicholas and Rasputin
a well written, lively read
My Take
Entertaining, but hearsay
Confirms the chaos that most probably suspected, still worth the read.
I thoroughly enjoyed the telling of the chaos that led to the ...
Content Excellent! Writing style BAD!
When read "between the lines" this is an excellent book.
Five Stars
Most of what's  impactful  here was revealed in early tv interviews
Enjoy the ride!
Bigly Helpful Hair-Do Pointers!
Five Stars
This is history in the making......
Riveting!
Great reading
A lesson in American Politics
Not as startling has the news suggested
Wolff is a smart, smart writer
Verification of What I Already Suspected
Don’t want to believe this insanity!
the reader will never get the feeling the country is in good hands. It’s a good read if you want ...
What a Disappointment
Not worth the cost
Ginuine, and believable.
I just finished (Kindle edition). Wolff largely confirms what ...
Explains a lot.....
Very well written this is not just a book about ...
Worth Reading
Excellent!
Truth vs Sensationalism
WOW!
HUGE bestseller
A real page-turner
Money well spent!
The " small man" pretender to the office is still  small - and still dangerous.
A snap shot of what it we know already, ...
Compelling read
"Fire and Fury" aka "Trump and Bannon"
So sad.
Page turner, lacking serious investigative journalism
Seems legit. Honestly.
Five Stars
This book was about 60% of a first draft of ...
Half way through the audible version and it’s great. It’s everything the author claimed it is
Fascinating and terrifying
Well written - engaging, entertaining - and horrifying when you realize it's true and not some cruel fiction
Dyed in the wool liberal!
The Accidental Presidency of DJT. Can’t put it down
Better than expected.
A great read! Fantastic look inside the Trump White House
Ring of truthiness!
Everything this book exposes this disgusting repulsive bully who pretends to be a United States ...
Difficult verbiage
Five Stars
Not the best written book ever
5 Stars.
Best $15 Purchase. Ever.
If you only believe that half of this is true ...
Damn! We are in trouble.
Home Run! Wolff knocks Trump and his minions, and administration, AKA, "Fluff," out of the park!
Important read
there were juicy little tidbits of gossipy stuff that were fun to learn about
Don't believe that this is a five star book
Every Word Gold
I don't know that I'd describe this as top notch ...
Could Have Also Been Called Chaos!
A historic, yes, of course, exactly, wow book you can't put down
Worth the read!
Very interesting read.
Scary
Wolf is an artist - his use of words and imagery in describing his experience over the course of the last year is brilliant. An enjoyable
An interesting view into the mind (such that it is) of Trump.
Since I am somewhat of a news watcher I knew ...
Narrative of the Chaos in the White House
Excellent
I don't know yet what my real review of this ...
Narcissism, Russia money Laundering, treason, stupidity, etc.......
A Book You Can't Put Down!
Read it, then share it.
Total Soap Opera
I hate Trump, so I was bound to like this
It is worse than I thought!
I know that it will make me reflect on our country's leader and his incapability to think of anything tor the good of all our people (yes
The Inside View
Historically? Worth it!!
Even as a democrat, I found this book absurd and a waste of time.
Glad to see it in print
The Domino Effect
Good book
It's sad this has become an issue
An enlightening look at today's Whitehouse!
I hear a whole lot of spin about what this ...
Sad, but true.
Very fast paced with many incomplete areas
A Must Read
It portrays the Trump White House exactly as I had ...
Some inaccuracies, still good
An insider’s look at an American political nightmare.
White House is a mess
Great book!
The book may contain some untruths but it certainly rings true...
When you thought you had read it all... along came Fire and Fury.
Pulls the curtain back
Meh.....
Vote for the kind of country you want
Fun read if not a very good book
LIGHT READING
Eye opening
Well worth the read
It was fine, interesting perspective
Shocking/Not Shocking
Outstanding Book-Well Researched and Fascinating to Listen To-Highly Recommended
Wolff is a true patriot
Well-written, irresistible, disturbing.
Well written truths about this presidency
The rise of Trump and the fall of Bannon
Very convincing report on information that Americans must heed
So many "Smack My Head" moments and then you have to remind yourself, somehow this buffoon is now our President. Thanks Russia.
If even 10% of this book is true, people should be running for the hills!
Excellent Read
Kindle version makes good reading in waiting rooms but it's hard to hold ...
Five Stars
Everyone knows the story and there is no happy ending.
Must read book
Don't buy if you lean to the right and have high blood pressure
Five Stars
A must read
so don't expect this to be like a NYT review
Rushed into production
My hard copy cost me $18 that I gladly paid ...
This gives a narrative and context to all the crazy ...
Right on the mark!
“You just can’t make this stuff up…”
Disturbing Veracity
Michael Wolff confirmed the rumors of a dysfunctional White House ...
This is a fascinating look into the workings of the ...
Like Trump: Not to be trusted.
Fascinating look at the inside turmoil of Team Trump
A book well worth reading
Nightmare on Pennsylvania Avenue
Buy it
Entertaining because it fleshes out the daily headlines.
No One Will Sue for Libel over this Book
Hard to believe but probably right on the money
Republicans read if you dare
" Like a child without guile
People who want to claim these are all lies only prove they haven't been paying attention.
Time well spent
Worth the time
If only it were "Fake News"!
Trash or Treasure? Depending on Who You Are and What You Believe, Fire and Fury Is One or the Other. You Decide.
Fascinating, dishy, smart, and important...a gateway drug to political nonfiction
Make AmeriKKKa Hate Again, With A Huge Scoop Of Racism On The Side
Read with an open mind..........
What We All Expected....
Good Book 📚 👌🏾
Know the PLAYERS
Excellent
The Book Trump Wants to Ban
i just started reading it and will be a great book. confirms my suspicions about this jerk who ...
Good read
A good recap of what we already know
More Truth Than Fiction
Bannonism/Trumpism --the populist movement from Bannon's perspective
Eye opening, a must read
it is easy to forget some of the events leading up to ...
Five Stars
Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House ...
It has the ring of truth.
Fact or Opinion?
ANOTHER GREAT BOOK EVERYONE SHOULD READ.  IT IS AN EYE OPENER
Four Stars
Candid Profile of Trump
Five Stars
Wow...
Great Read. Disturbing Story.
LOVE it, (despite my millennial son calling it *propaganda*(I ...
Chaos beyond belief
Verification
Will never read it but we don't ban books in ...
I'm about 20% done, if quotes and ideas in book are to be believed, it reinforces what you already know.
Not the best written book
A Wake-Call
Wow, the administration is more messed up than I thought
Fire and Fury starring Bannon?
Entertaining...
Great writing - wish it was fiction
Disturbing and enlightening
What a wild ride
Riveting!
Anything but boring!
Living inside the severely disturbed head of a man who asks, without shame, what his country can do for Him alone
Sociopath In Chief
Hastily written, but a good read
The book ended too soon.
Insanity, money, power, and The Truth That Everyone Needs To Know .Read How they've stolen Washington
Very informative
Steve F’n Bannon
An exhilarating read
Compelling Reading
What can I say! Everyone should read it and ...
Confirms everything we’ve witnessed
Narrative is built around Steve Bannon, hardly a reliable source
Eye opening
Informative but not surprising.
What a time to be alive!
Be warned---Once you start---it's hard to stop.
Intriguing
In Their Own Words - Unfettered access to the White House
The book is a good read, but leaves you wondering how we ended ...
Fire and fury
Colorful Facts-You Know it is True, You Just Wish it was Not
Provides good details
I find it amazing that the author was allowed access to all the ...
Well Written
It reads like a novel (genre would be horror)
Truly terrifying
Delightful rendition on Audible!
Trump is a fraud, a kook, and a danger to democracy and peace. But that's old news.
Very entertaining
This book is both informative and entertaining.  One really feels that they are there with the author daily sitting on a couch in the West Wing being fed the in house gossip of the day .
A sobering retelling of a scary 2017
I happily but this book to add to the chorus of ...
Scarier than a S. King novel!
A little all-over-the-place...
Based on the last year, it’s believable!
Sad, shocking
Five Stars
Amazing book!
A good read
Yeah, I thought so
Like watching train wreck on your way to the dentist
Really nothing shocking here
Yeah This is Disturbing History Happening In Real Time, and Explains a Lot
Five Stars
omg......not even half way threw .....buy it!!!!
Intentionally incendiary, but also interesting.
Make America Grate
1st Amendment ROCKS!
Hilarious, chilling, but compelling read.
Timely tell all
Fascinating insight into a year of madness
It was funny too and it helped me let go of the ...
An inside look
An interesting read...
content is key.
Shady Trump
Scary Book
This book brings to light what most intelligent people already knew
I do think that he should resign from the presidency for the good of the country
Great book
Impeachment!
Buy this book if only to show this guy you don't believe a word he says.
Read this, and then VOTE!
Anti-Trump Tripe!
Trump Unveiled!
Fabulous
Reconfirmation of the consistent toxicity in the White House
Buy this book to support the Constitution!
and he seems to like it. He's a dirty liberal like his favorite ...
Reads like fiction!
Revealing a Chaotic White House in Depth
Required reading
I liked it!
A great read! You will enjoy this book
Grounds the surreal in reality checks.
It’s one of those books you can’t put down!
Loved it! Gave background to what we’ve heard on ...
Original takes, great writing, relevant now and historically important - what’s not to like?
This just confirmed my opinion that Trump is not sane and completely unqualified.
who was a smart lawyer who let his paranoia and hubris get the ...
A glimer of the what goes on in the new administration and why the trumoil that we hear about every day exists!
Very clear & interesting
Beyond Expectation
Total garbage.
Mesmerizing...
Didn't Overwhelm Me
America's Unintentional Book Club's January pick
I read many biographies and usually I feel after the book that i can understand or relate to the subject better, There does not seem to be one likable ...
Entertaining No Matter Your Political Stance.
Must read - very intereting facts about His wife , Kellyanne and the administrations.
My go-to for future generations asking about the Trump administration
Tedious Reading - Good Story
Damning proof impeachment is needed.
Dreadfully written but great fun.
Interesting tidbits
Joie De Guirre
Extremely Well Written
Five Stars
Important Book
Reveals just how crazy the Trump world is.
WOW!!
Nothing too new to a reader of the New York ...
Shockingly real.
I just loved the story and the mayhem and craziness
Wolff's book is important for understanding Donald Trump and the ...
Gets old fast
True Trump!!
This book is made more amazing if you remember while reading - there are clear ...
Clever writing. An important foundation for an awakening.
Unbelievable level of detail!
Some truly fascinating content marred by horrible editing
Of course you have to read this.
I laughed, I cried, it became a part of me.
Continuous and absolute chaos
Everything sounds like it "could" be true
Interesting read and worth buying just to keep it on the popular reading lists.
Entertaining view of a dysfunctional Whitehouse
We're screwed
The inner workings of chaos.
Well worth the Audible Credit- if only to exercise one’s 1st Ammendment Right
Entertaining Bannon gossip..
Devastating read
Five Stars
WOW! LMAO
A smart book about our stupidest president.
Extremely Enlightening!
Good Read and Worth the Time
A Piece of History
The emperor has no clothes... and is illiterate.
I would guess it's pretty
Caution
A great peek inside the Trump s-hole
An Enjoyable Read!!
A fast and furious read!
So much fun to dig into
Read it in one sitting
Five Stars
Important read
I got half way thru and am now bored. A lot of hype
Fun and Instructive
Great read. There are a few places where I ...
Dishonest and terrible person.
The story of someone's crazy rich racist uncle finding himself president one day, and how he got there.
Good
Substantiates concerns.
Certainly interesting! Gives you lots of food for thought ...
Good book
It was very interesting. I believe the overall tone ...
Hilarious but terrifying!
Excellent
If You Like Long, Run-On Sentences You've Found Your True Lover
Would of never bought this book because hearing or reading ...
A snapshot absent perspective.
"Orange Hitler" he is not. More like "Orange Man-Baby"
It May Be Worse than You Think
Illuminating
Informative and NOT fake news. His descriptions and examples fit tRUMP to a tee.
Factual description of what is going on in our White House.
Great book, just remember he is reporting what he ...
Oh to be a fly on the wall
The Truth Shall Set You Up Shit Creek
God help us, is all I can really say
Well worth the read.
Confirms what we already knew
Fascinating
Nothing we didn't know, but still worth the read....
Must read
Hate Trump? Read Book
Good read, not much different then what you see ...
The dumb, the mean and the scary
A Fine Entertaining Read
Plus it has a kind of tabloid like appeal; sadly
Five Stars
4/5: Oh God, where to begin.. ...
A perfect storm.
Interesting
Much needed reporting
Great Content. Painful Constructs.
Helps to make sense of the current political chaos.
Good insights into the machinations of the Trump cadre
He's good at doing the voices too
We're not safe
Michael Wolfe Observed the Absurd Bird!
The president is what we suspected: a narcissistic rigorous-maniac short on intelligence and science-based information
An Expiatory, extremely informative, and fun American Thesis on the current madness allowed to run free inside our W H.
Worth reading
Read Fire and Fury
A very interesting read.
A great read of lies
First Amendment
Bringing sanity into the dialogue
Stop the train, please! Id like to jump off at the nearest stop!!
Fact or Fiction
Average read
Good inside perspective
It is like watching a plane behind piloted by the passengers after they have killed the pilots.
Well written, And utterly terrifying
The story is revealing in that it exposes the dirty, back biting
Quite a page-turner!
Fun well-written read
Set against a backdrop of incoherent speeches and childlike impulsive decisions
Nothing special
Good book.
Truth is more unbelievable than fiction ...
Patriot and First Amendment Fan!
Precise, right on target.....our country is is very deep trouble.....
It's Worse Than Can Be Imagined!
I purchased this in audio book format. If you ...
Trumpism cannot be allowed to survive
but watching his bag of narcissistic expired cheese deflate into a flacid 4 inch mozzarella stick would be the greatest accomplishment of the US since the snack pack
Five Stars
Better than chocolate -it's THAT good
It’s not a book written for shock value, it just puts what we all know into an understanding of who people elected (not me ).
Chaos
One word: Indespensible
Wow
I liked feeling like the book gave a better picture of ...
It's worse.
The title says it all
The White House Is Worse Than You Thought and This Book Is Better
It is worth noting
Juicy and entertaining train wreck
Turgid, sloppy, few surprises—still worth the read
Four Stars
fun read. A must gift to all the GOP ...
Interesting but not Worth Buying
Post-truth
The Trump Funny Farm
A wild ride!!
the book was a little boring at times
Amazing account of this person in the White House and ...
Sloppy, Dubious, and Absolutely Believable
A must read
Ignore it at your own peril!
Great read!
The reader feels that this book is recent history rather than news
It all fits
Good luck assimilating this into your political views
Lives up to the hype.
Captivating!
An inside view
If only 25% is accurate...
I suppose it will be a nice historical piece for 10 years down the line
Worthy read
I didn’t like any of it really
Should be required reading for voters.
Funny and sad at the same time. Lots of unsubstantiated gossip which is probably true.
Entertaining book.. If even a bit of what ...
A Good Read - But It Will Soon Be Old News
believe every word and I’m glad the author had the guts to write it
Wolff confirms what we already knew. OMG!
If half of this is true.....
Paying attention to the man behind the curtain--Trump's dysfunctional White House portrayed.
An Insightful and Scathing Peek Inside the White House
Superb description of the chaos of the White House
Whitehouse game of thrones
The only thing more enjoyable than reading this book was ...
Stuff you should know
Awful people
The Trump WH Is Exactly What You'd Expect
Quite the Snore fest
OK, but not that hot.
The Con Is On
Definitely recommend spending the time to read this book
Salacious! In the best possible way
Must read
Great read about our so called cheeto bandito president.
Fun Book
interesting......and very very sad!!!!
A Must Read
This is a man that speaks for the America most of us know and love. Kudos to you Mr
Pretty accurate from just listening to present and old WH personnel
Impressionistic Masterpiece
Confirmation
Loved the Fire and the Fury!
Outstanding expose of the most illiterate, ignorant, grasping ...
A must-read material about the POTUS impostor
Really good read. You feel like your sitting in the ...
Amusing and alarming
Incredible look behind closed doors at the Trump administration
Frightening
Bannon's White House
The data supporting the reality of the dysfunctional Trump White House.
Reading it now and pretty sucked in
Everyone needs to read this book now!
Wolff's done us a great service. Worth your time and
Interesting behind the scenes look at the Trump campaign and presidency.
Not So Outrageous as to Not Be Credible
Pretty scary stuff
Gripping
Guitly Pleasure with a Tonne of Salt
All makes sense now!
Help us Dear Lord..
This book was hyped to the extreme. It confirmed ...
Hysterical
Wolff is a first-rate storyteller
easy read a real pager turner
Fascinating
Truthful, scary book
The Truth is In Here
Five Stars
So well written
Chaos Reigns
Eye opener
In-person backstory of Trump's rise to the presidency.
The detail, confirming what we know and or suspect ...
Necessary reading
pretty much expected this
$15 to support the First Amendment.
What We Know
Please vote - Represent yourself
Unexpected Candor
While DJT said he would staff his administration with "the very best people" we see that their lack of experience and ...
Fire and felony
Unfit!!
Donnie's contestant clamor for acceptance and grandeur is pathetic, he really isn't fit to hold "ANY" public ...
I loved this book so much I read it twice
Even if 1/3 of what this author writes is true, it is enough for everyone to be concerned with the presidency of Trump.
No surprises really.
Won’t disappoint
Five Stars
A $15  purchase against  censorship that turned into a fascinating read!
Read before 2018 elections
I laughed. I cried. I feared for the nation.
Like watching a hotel burn down.
The White House is in Chaos
We cannot let others ban books!
A Telling National Story
good luck trying to block publication of the book
Three Stars
A book that tells truth, not “Fake News”,
It doesn't present a good picture of where this administration will take the United ...
Wow
Important, serious portrait about a White House gone mad.  You will learn and be very, very afraid.
I earned the $15 I paid for this book; daddy didn't give it to me.
Excellent!
Vital Reading For All Americans
Protect First Amendment Rights
I understand that it was in great demand, but by the time I received it
Interesting
Clears the muddy waters!
Four Stars
Good Insight...
A real page turner
Five Stars
It helped to confirm a lot of what I had heard about the inside workings of the whate house.
Clear and Convincing....
Incredible!
Fox "News" doesn't like it.
The author tells it like he sees it
Worth reading
Very good read. I had to reach for a dictionary ...
Better written than I thought
A Revolving Door
Inside View!
This is a great book that was very informative
Five Stars
Interesting...
This book is a must!
Decent, but not Earth-shattering.
I can't wait for the sequel!
but so far I love it, the writer is finally telling the “real” ...
Really interesting book.
A very easy read. Highly entertaining and scary
Waiting for the Stormy Daniels tell all.
Worth the read
Very good read. It appears that there were many issues ...
Surely Someone is Kidding
Five Stars
Read this
It was what I expected
Watched/watching Trump for 30 years.  Yes this is Trump.
Michael Wold is similar in style to Tom Wolf and brings great insight, humor and wit to his writing I ...
Truth Or Fiction, it's a good read.
It did not disappoint.
Fire and Fury shows how Trump is dragging our Country into the gutter he has always lived in. Sick Man.
Confirmed what was surmised with regard to the Trump WH. He was, is, and will forever be a moron.
#1 Best Seller!
Behind Closed Doors at the Trump White House
The Different President
Eye opening!
It is truly a page turner - the depth of reporting is excellent, and the quotes and back story all feel ...
Things brought to light that you always kind of figure, but many you didn't know!
but it would have been much more obvious if the book had been better written.
Interesting book of political intrigue
Four Stars
Robert Mueller, please hurry while we still have a country worth defending.
Wow
They can’t burn a digital copy
A real page-turner!
This book is amazing. Invaluable
Trump the Chump
IF...  Even Only Half Is True
The most timely book in a decade. Everyone should ...
Just read book
Interesting take on the chaos
Great Read
A dystopian novel that is real.
I highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in America politics
Oh my gosh - what have we done as a nation? We are better than this.
The writing is captivating.
Top Notch
The President tried to stop the release of this book so I bought it and read it.
Reality rears it’s ugly head
Some doubts about complete veracity of author.
If you all read this (and Glen Simpson's testimony) you'll know whutsup! (y)
Dump on Trump
Fascinating
Shocking ,Appalling,Disgusting in The White House
This book gives an excellent insight into the mess that is our leadership right ...
Content: UNbelievable
One Star
When You Feel Like You Can't Take Trump Anymore--Read This and Laugh Again
Interesting Not Earth Shattering
Pretty accurate picture of current WH is my opinion.
This is a must buy
Fire and Fury includes much information already in the media
Why am I laughing?? This is a shocking disgrace to the USA
Backstabbing
Keep turning the pages
so the shock value was not as great as expected
Unworthy of the Oval Office
Please beTrue
Amazing
I am worried - and you also should be worried
Inside the nut house.
Best book I've read in a long time
Interesting look at WH power struggles
An Inside look at the Trump white house
Wild ride!!  Love it!
Scary.  Very Scary.
Wow. Everyone should read it
Answers a lot of questions.
Essential reading.
Validation, Biggly
A must read. This chilling story explains so much ...
Enjoyed much of it, but many of the stories should be taken with a grain of salt.
Something to read while waiting for the wheels of justice ...
Gossipy and terrifying
Riveting about a revolting White House
He can call someone great or humiliate them
Five Stars
Great Book - A Lot Of Behind The Scenes Information!
FU Trump
Worth the price but only if you have problems with the current leadership in Washington.
Worthy read
Five Stars
Far better than I expected
Well written and Michael Wolff seemed to have done his homework very well.
Frightening look inside the White House
Why as a Registered Republican I Need this Book
Some new revelations
You have to read it and believe it
An inside look at chaos
Essential reading. Fair and impartial.
it goes without saying the subject makes it a best seller. So here I am reading the making ...
A must read for everyone in this country
Bought book to support the author
Very readable
Worrying, enlightening & entertaining look at the first month's of Trump's WH.
He Puts the  Puzzle Together: Now It Makes Sense
The stooges
The Trump administration daily interactions remind me of the middle school “clicks” where gossip and hurtful rumors ruled!
Essentially eye candy, but candy nonetheless
Insightful
Read it
Wild Ride!
You'll wonder why you voted for Trump (if you did)... and how not to repeat this mistake again.
Fair and insightful
That this is a man who didn’t intend to become president and should never have run or won. Of course we didn’t elect him
A Peek into the Circus
Very well-researched. Very well written. The writer sets the stage with good backgrounds and extras.
I liked that trump didn't want this book to be published ...
Seems more like an effort to exonerate
Glad Trump recommended it!
A must read
Good content, but...
Lord Help Us!
Got to read it!
Excellent
Freedom is worth it.
Amazing look at the chaos we all know is rampant in the White House!
The first 100 days of Trump's Presidency
Insightful, behind-the-scenes narrative
Hard to believe.
Five Stars
oh, NOW I understand?  This book was helpful , the whole DRAMA is sadly, a little more understood.  re
Mike Wolff tryin’ to be fancy!
Just the Tip of the Iceberg
Engaging, but Not Surprising
This book is really good, I haven't read all of the book
Not a lot of new information but adds a lot ...
There may be a few errors in the book (as ...
A front row seat to the Presidential Actions.
I loved it. It confirms all my suspicions about
Rings true
Oooooh Wee!
Good entertaining read
Unbelievably true - everything fits with what we watched unfold ...
Five Stars
Get this book!
Don’t bother
OMG. But you know what? Nothing in this book surprises me.
Make America Believable Again
Book verified everything we already knew about Trump- that he ...
Not a lot new but very scary stuff even if only half it is true
If my $15 serves to further annoy Trump and show him he cannot control the publishing ...
All the Trumptastical Details!
Good quality book for the very-very-many people who dislike (or worse) Trump.
Excellent read. Trump needs to go. And soon.
Must read
Five Stars
AMAZING BOOK about our embaressment-in-charge
What may be unleashed could be worse- a civil war  in the making.
For the faint-of-heart who regret voting for Trump...you might want to avoid this book. It will only depress you further.
Exercising my rights and the 1st Amendment rights of the author and the press (and it’s a great read)
Can’t put it down!
So many delicious details
Good to know
this is a great read. There is nothing in the book that ...
... but now you can rehash all the past years stupid WH disasters
Important Revelations
Read it all here!
Very well written and packed with incites of all the ...
Interesting, fairly short read.
Outstanding
Good Read.
Riviting
Candy for weight watchers
You’ve gotta read it to believe it 😎- no one could write a fiction book with these stories
Michael Wolff gives the reader a substantial portrait of someone who has little in common with a leader of a country like the USA
Sequel???
An interesting and compelling book. Although much of what ...
TRUTHFULL..
Great Read
Depressing to know what a nut house the white house is.
Whose Running the Show
Not a lot of new information
Should be 4 and Half stars.  Almost loved it, but more than liked it.
Fast paced and affirming
Deserves 10 stars.
First Amendment Fans Need This Book
Read This Book
I may be sick!
Read and pass it on.
Doesn’t anybody proofread anymore?
Confirms the Madness
I weighed both sides before casting and found outside of Trump's easily researchable lies I couldn't get past the other character ...
Very good read and revealing
Madness Chronicled
Five Stars
Five Stars
not a favorite read, but we should all buy it
Not fake news
Required
Five Stars
Purchase your copy of this book, or forever hold your peace.
As expected, Wolff keeps you reading with one donnybrook ...
Well-written with an easy style.  Author had unparalleled access.
Even If He Made It Up Half Of It, I Loved This Book
Five Stars
Good buy
Very Well Written
Trump cannot choose his help wisely. He has no confidence in ANY ONE!
Can’t put it down!
Average Read bit an excellent wakeup call.
Good yet worrisome reading.
trump is his worst enemy
I am not a pathological liar and a narcissist. *BELIEVE ME!*
Inside Glimpse Into Chaos
Enjoyable, but nothing unknown.
Five Stars
To be very honest with this book. It is ...
Stupidity Plus Arrogance - A Dangerous Mix
Both hilarious and sad. Not much in this book has really surprised ...
Interesting but not surprising.
This book is enlightening.
Five Stars
An interesting perspective. To a large it extent it ...
Better than all the Hype!
Proof that CNN is NOT fake news. You really can't make this stuff up. We can only hope that Trump offers up a reason, finally, for his own demise.
Clearly shows our president for who he is
A great read
Cost to purchase book: $15 Cost of coffee while ...
Entertaining? You bet. True? Ehhhh... possibly.
There's nothing here that we didn't already know from reading ...
Five Stars
Nothing in this book was a surprise. The current ...
Very well written
Chaos & Confrontation:  Trump’s reason for living.
A well-written and insightful expose on the sad state of America's "President"
Nothing new if you are anti-Trump
Thank you Mr. Wolff !
And inside testament to insanity!
Intriguing...!
an enjoyable read that will make you feel better to see that you are not the odd person ...
waiting for my copy today, probably will stay up ...
Nothing surprising.  But rather a confirmation what people should have predicted from the campaign.
TRUMP, TOO MUCH RINGS VERY VERY TRUE....
Puts flesh on the exposed skeleton's we see.
Interesting, but not especially revealing.
No one really disproved any of it.
Inside look at the Trump White House
scored a perfect verbal on the SAT
Required reading
Why Trump?
Just plain fun!
Your worst fears confirmed and worsened
Read This Book!
It was pretty much what I expected
Trump is a doofus. His kids are traitors. Bannon has a god complex.
Five Stars
Not sure
Political circus/nightmare
The More Trump Says It's Garbage, The More You'll Know You Must Read It!
Thankful for the 1st Amendment!
Although trump tried to block it at first because he heard it had bad things about it
Made me hate him even more and hope the Attorney Meuller finishes ...
Read this book!
Very entertaining account of the first 9 months of Trumps Prsidemcy
I thought it was excellent and have recommended it to some of my friends
Dysfunction in The White House
History will record that we are in a rather tumultuous ...
So much worse than I thought.
Recommended read for those seeking new/enhanced understanding of the administration
Interesting Read.
True page turner
I only wished he offered any options that might give this “reality show” a happy ending!
If Trump wants to keep this from being published, take my money
Great book on the cheeto
Collusion with Russia
Messy journalism but fascinating
Great book
Five Stars
like a car wreck is fascinating -- you just cannot ...
The book was almost a chatty version of day to ...
The fall of  ROME(USA)
A much needed book
Nothing surprising
It has only gotten worse since the book came out
Beltway kindergarten confidential.
Rings true
Great Read
Meh
Connect the dots
commander chaos the stable genious
Five Stars
Good Refresher on Two Years of Trump
Freedom of Speech
Trump is what you think he is
A credible accounting of our nightmarish last year
$15 for a good cause and a good read too.
More Trump
Fascinating
Amazing read. At first
Engaging, well written and nothing surprising.
THIS is Trump!
I am glad Wolff took the time to research this book and ...
Nothing Really New
Circus
A great read. Get to see the inner workings of ...
Who afraid of the bad wolff.
Important to read but be careful to not build a platform to stand on with it.
Meh...
At first it seemed doubtful, until you watch it play out before your eyes as if on script.
Five Stars
I Enjoyed This Book
If you read one book this year, make it Fire and Fury
Absolute confirmation of what we already knew.
Five Stars
Not 5-star writing, but being able to purchase this is priceless
Where do we go from here?
Three Stars
My God We Are In Trouble
A good reference as new indictments are issued
If I had doubts about the facts in the book, they vanished when the White House was silent and Bannon apologized for what he was
Predictable
A good interesting read
Well done and interesting.
Old news
Wild Ride
Good read!
Five Stars
At the very least, take a stand against censorship.
Page turner with jaw dropped.
My favorite episode was the week of Mooch
Not for a common dummy like myself. Luckily - I have a built-in dictionary ...
Wow this was some book
Is this real life?
Four Stars
A peak inside!
A Travelogue to the Mind of a Petty Tyrant
Should be required reading.
Is this his first draft?
Pile it on!
If things are half this bad...
Five Stars
But I am glad to have it just so that all the information ...
WOW!  All Americans must read!
Lock HIM UP
Good reading
Daily headlines and tweets give much credence to this book
Riveting reading
Astonunding illustration of a chaotic environment in the White House
This administration is a criminal enterprise and I look forward ...
Five Stars
Good stuff
Worth the price of admission
Fascinating
A very difficult read due to the rushed editing and ...
Interesting...
Cease-and-desist, don't think so.
Guilty Pleasure
Five Stars
The mess in the White House and in our federal government is even worse than I imagined
A helluva read
I believe the book is tame in comparison to what ...
Three Stars
Kept Me Up At Night
Pray for the USA and Leave if you Can
Superb
Michael Wolff you are my hero.!!! ...
They all make me sick!
Yes, It is (The Trumphouse) a Mess
but was just a prelude to the many more terrible things trump has been responsible since then
Great Book on Our Fake President’s Shallowness
Recommend it to anyone who wants insight into the machinations
Book fits Trump to a T
Trumps Fire and Fury (signifying scary things)
Just What I Expected
Reality TV is in the West Wing!
Gets you more intimately involved with the current political landscape. Not as outrageous as the media hyped.
Book is unbiased and thought-provoking
good expose' despite it's faults
One of the best books about who will go down as the worst ...
Interesting read.
Fake News As I Suspected
In A Nutshell
Five Stars
Good read
Highly credible reporting in an easy-to-understand narrative
Damn! The stories are good but...
Presidential Keystone Cops
You can’t make it up!
A must read even for the 30%ers
Prepare yourself for what you are afraid is true. It is.
Review by a Trump suppo
Idiocracy in real life
Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House
Frighteningly interesting Read
Mesmerizing. Can't put it down page-turner.
Could not stop reading!
Close-up look at Whitehouse shenanigans.
Reading this is like reading a tabloid
Jaw dropping. I surmised most of this about that ...
Wow
It seems the guy is even worst that we imagined
I am an hourly worker who is happy to spend $15 to read Fire and Fury the ...
I was hoping for more
Yes we can (read/buy a book you don't like)
As per Preibus - "You can't make this shit up!"
You have to read it for yourself. There has ...
Fascinating book. I believe a great portion of this book, but would temperate the outrageous antidotes, as somewhat moderately true  Time will tell what will happen to this presidency and our country.  And it is a frightening future I am afraid.  Yes I recommend this book. But I find Wolff,s writing style extremely difficult to read. Plus all his unnecessary and ridiculous over the top vocabulary.
I like the immediacy of it
I wish it were fiction
Five Stars
Riveting
very interesting to learn about the inner workings and behind ...
The Beginning of the End for Trump
It was funny. It doesn't seem far from the mark in ...
like a
Great book!
Make the language more simple and readable.
Left me sad and distrustful
Shining the light on trump's dump!
Our Prez is already an open book, pun intended!
May this nightmare be over soon. Go Mueller!
Three Stars
What we all knew, confirmed!
Chaos exposed.
Excellent book!
It does hold your interest especially if you are anti Trump!!
Nothing unexpected
You can tell the book was hastily written and definitely needs a good edit which makes it a difficult read
Crazy times in the White House
Five Stars
Interesting revelations
Five Stars
A Weird Representation
If this book is even half true - it is horrifying.
Absolutely eye opening. Everyone regardless of their party affiliation ...
From Swamp to Sewer
The Dump
Entertaining and reinforcing
This book would have done well with better research and a rewrite.
Tells The Story.
Wake Up America... You're better than this
I admit it is good.
Exactly what I expected. Horrifying and delicious at the same time.
It is well written and I am still working on ...
Interesting read. Not a scholarly book, but some ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
It can't be all lies if Bannon's quotes were so quickly believed...
Not the next "All the President's Men"  but it does help explain a few things...
Loved what he uncovered
Seems legit
Fire and Fury: informed and thoughtfully written
Needing to think about our children's future!
Great Read.  Well Worth the Money.
Five Stars
Spell-Binding
Funny
Can't wait until they make it into a movie!
Sobering as it confirms what many have feared.
I bought to keep it on the best seller list a little longer just to piss guess ...
Not worth the money - even if you're into Trump-bashing
Need quick resolution to Russia involvement within Administration
Supported all my conclusions.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Disfunction Profusion
Loads of information
Zeroing in on reasons and motivations
interesting
God Help US!
It shows what a mess our White House is in ...
... is does such a thorough job of documenting how bad a person Trump is as president of America Hard ...
Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House
It was an interesting read, however, the most ...
Great read
It was a great book. I liked hearing about the chaos and ...
Everyone should read it.
Interesting so far, but hard to read stuff about ...
Author gets kudos for audible version!
Quite the tell all
Couldn't wait to get my hands on this book and it did not disappoint. Well written
A look behind the curtain....
Well worth hearing Bannon's beefs and Bannon's implied warnings of what will tank Trump's Presidency
Real news.
Four Stars
Varnished TRUTH without Resolution!!
Very insightful
Five Stars
I was not disappointed in what I read
Review of strategic events
I'm not intelligent enough!
Keep a dictionary handy
just like every new administration
Revelations of Insanity
Gid Help Us!
Trump - the end is near
Amazing
Big League. Really the best book. Believe me!
Uh......WOW!!!
Great insight behind the scenes of the White House.
COLLUSION!
Get at least a hardcover copy and a Kindle copy.
Five Stars
Good writing
A great read overall
puts names to quotes
Fascinating and scarifying!
It's true, you know it - I know it, everyone knows it :D
Very good expose of life in the White House under Trump
I suspect the chaos in the White House is real
Dumbassed Book for a Dumbassed President
A must read.  A look into the different factions in the White House.
Good Read
Good for political junkies
Having so much fun reading this!! Hahaha!
Old News Already!
Impeach this man ASAP!
Recommended as an entertaining read
Entertaining!
The surprise
Delicious hot garbage.
All I could say is God help our Country and ...
My country is being run by a complete and total narcissist.
Four Stars
Dark politics
Riveting
Great book. Tells a tail of horror created by ...
One of the most important, best-researched and written books of our generation
it was aight
Hello 2018...Narrator does a great impersonation of Trump, Bannon...
Timely gosspi
He's a great writer who does his research before publishing his work
I thought this was interesting in terms of a look ...
😍 I read Collusion first and then this one and ...
Five Stars
The first part of the book was great; it gave me information I had never heard ...
... the dictionary but then after that it was an easy read. My advice is skip the prologue and ...
Hard to put down.
Tick Tock Tick Tock
great read that you won't be able to put down
The White House is a crazy place to live & work!
Interestin Read
Yup.
Reads like a dark comedy
Very good read with interesting material
Five Stars
Quality of service.
Who’s running the White House?
WORTH A LOOK
Interesting narrative but thrown together hastily
The male ego is full display
Five Stars
It doesn’t take like..a sane...stable...genius to understand Trump
important book, stad state of affairs
Very entertaining and gives an insight to our President and ...
Worth the Read
Narrator of this audiobook does a fantastic job.
Not a bad read
Must reading
and will only create more anger for those who love their Donald
Will this ever end?
Maybe there should be a sequel.
Free Press is alive and well!!
Compelling
Fire and Fury is a great read. The book has confirmed some facts about ...
Five Stars
Learn how close state run Fox News and President (alias) ...
Not a great written book
A Must Read! Afraid for our country
Insightful
Fun book
Good information on how we got here politically.
Every American Should Read This!
Five Stars
Five Stars
The president is an idiot-gawd help us
Informative and fact-checked as true, but unpolished writing are a disappointment
Very informative
Page burner!
Worth your time!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Interesting
Hilarious, despite the prelude to apocalypse it depicts
Comedy weds chaos
Much like all of 2017
... to piss off the Cheeto man but it’s a great read!
vote him out and save america
I cannot wait till 2020. Please give us a normal human as the president of the country.
WOW I am not sure how much is true but ...
Five Stars
Just as you would imagine
Fascinating Portrait
I bought the book, mostly to infuriate my Republican ...
Nothing really surprising
It is a slow read because it's true and detailed ...
Compelling as Advertised
good grief!
Well written.
Has you Praying for relief, in the form of Special Counsel Muller's conclusions.
Great Gossip on the White House
Sad State of Affairs
Ye Gods!
I'm in the process of reading the book right now ...
Eavesdropping on an accidental presidency
Clunky Reading but Great Content
Both my husband and I enjoyed the book immensely
Much better book than I expected
Wow
Well written explanation of why our current government is in such turmoil.
Well written
Wow read
Inner, inner, inner politics
Impeach this guy now!
Couldn't put the book down.
To bad the book ended before the senatorial election in Alabama ...
Very good book and it’s content should be a concern to all Americans.
Well written from the inside.
Very Very Good Reading
good easy entertaining read
TWEET THIS: Read and Believe
Fire and Fury is the notoriously famous Michael Wolff screed against the minions of the dysfunctional Trump White House
Five Stars
Interesting story but not written well.
The authors experience at the White House and Steve Bannon's unchecked thoughts illustrate the chaos of Trump's administration
Cheeto!
Chaos unlimited
Five Stars
The store is worse than we imagined
Enjoyable, Gossipy, and Insightful
Fact or Fiction?  Based on news reports of the day - this is FACT.
Four Stars
Awesome read
Great content, mediocre writing
POTUS Handcuffs or Straitjacket Stat!
Great work.
Tabloid, but believable.
Fire and Fury......or Fizzle?
If 10 percent of it is true this country is in a lot of trouble.
Review
Frighting Look into GOP Complacency
The weird thing is, if you follow politics in ...
SOMEHOW, HAVING THE DISTURBING DETAILS IS REASSURING
TLDR, just donated it to the Library in my ...
but overall good description of the dynamics of our leaderless WH
GREAT READ
Five Stars
A Great Read
Five Stars
Wth
Every decent American should read!
Information on the dysfunction in the White House.  Very, very interesting.
Rolling in the Schadenfreude Mud
THIS BOOK IS EVERYTHING!
Bravo, Michael Wolff!
Nice behind the scenes look at the circus.
Totally Enjoyable!!!
Help! This book desperately needs an editor
it will likely confirm your worst suspicions.
It isn’t over yet.
Consistent with all I have observed myself in this sh**house
Must read
Interesting and scary view of our "dear & fearless" leader ...
Five Stars
Great book, hard to put down. I wish it was fiction though, it's too sad knowing is the truth.
Thank you Michael for putting it all in words! ...
Quite the story of the people in office
Both scary and funny
Useful insights into the WH irrespective of some possible issues with details
Page Turner
Awesome page turner
Old news
Five Stars
The book isn't salacious trash. Its subject is.
A Preview of Disaster
Who can save us now?
Fascinating read
poorly written book
Hilarious because it can’t be true, then sad when you realize it is probably true.
Solidly written
Frightening Accurate
It is badly written, and not always well-sourced, ...
Shocking stuff
True. Well done
Morbid fun, interesting writing
No surprizes
The author provided many details behind what I read/heard from ...
No new news
Under the envelope
This is a good book about the confusion in the White House
Our president is crazy.
Interesting but poorly written
Shines a light on a very serious problem
WOW.... What a dysfunctional White House ...
Five Stars
Maybe there could have been something good to write about this presidency to give the reader ...
Five Stars
Wow! Unbelievable,
Interesting But Flawed
Just OK, but buy it anyway.
Not what i expected
Buy the book
An Interesting Look
Enlightening and concise.
Five Stars
The discovery of a bell with no clapper.
Remember movie “ a few good men” Tom Cruise and Jack Nichalson
Interesting book, I feel it confirmed some of my ...
Powerful
Fascinating read. Obviously a conglomerate of stories that the ...
Excellent Book
Wow that's crazy.
Just as I thought
Enlightening...
Sad.
Rings true. Very important expose. Must reading for ...
Five Stars
Fire & Fury
I liked the entire book
How the country is supposed to run
good chronology of initial chaos
As long as Trump remains president, I will consider ...
Helps makes sense of what unfolds…
God bless the 1st amendment !
A great read!
Inside the Trump White House and its dysfunctions
Four Stars
Authors motivations put every detail into question
Trump Should Scare Everyone
Excellent
Five Stars
too - would love to have heard about THAT
Tough read
Worth the read if only for greater context
Like sand through the hourglass...
Revealing
5 stars, but not because it gripped my attention
Interesting.
A must read for those in doubt of the man in charge.
A real page turner....
Fire and Fury
Who have we voted in to lead our country
I found the narrative in this book boring and drawn out
“Shakespeare translated into Dr. Seuss”
Listened to the Audible book, all 11 hours, ...
Wow just wow......
Its a pretty fascinating read
Kept my interest.
This insightful expose of the Trump White House reads like a comedy of errors.
This is a wonderful book and coincides with actual News reporting
Disturbed Man/Child Is Terrorizing the White House & Running the Country.
Great book
Fascinating first hand reports of the Presidents unfitness.  Important book to read if you value our democracy!
A must read
The further you get into this book, the more ...
It's important to know what is going on in this White House !!!!!!!!
Very well written and very revealing, though, most ...
Entertaining but not surprising
Informative book. Well written. Fast read.
Good, gossipy read
Horrifying Must-Read
Interesting perspective
Five Stars
A great read
Are all interpretations of the words of people correctly interpreted?
A discussion of poor leadership
Very good read.
The book gives you insight into the horror show we're ...
Trump called it “fake news.”  That means it’s real.
Trump is a total failure
If it were about a long-gone monarch, it would have been less disturbing.
Thanks Michael! I purchased this book only because Trump ...
Buy this book to keep on Best Sellers List!
Five Stars
Could Have Been Great If The Author Was A Better Writer
Lack of common sense
MSNBC, CNN, NBC, ABC, CBS
Five Stars
Close-up interpretation of our bazaar government in turmoil.
On Balance Worth the Read Because It Does Contain Important Factual Information But it is Undoubtedly a Very Flawed Publication
A must read it confirmed everything we know once you start you won't want tob
Four Stars
I recommend this book and HIGHLY recommend "The Dangerous Case of ...
Five Stars
Can't find a better book on the subject!
Five Stars
Fascinating yet fatiguing insider account
I found this book ponderously written. Nearly every sentence ...
It's a good history book, wait, it's not HISTORY!
The Most Dangerous Man In America...is the president!!!
Five Stars
Interesting and disturbing reading.
Hoirrifying
Fascinating reading.
Do ittttt
Great introduction to the world of so called "leadership" and ...
A Good Read
I absolutely loved this book on CD
A Duty to Country
Four Stars
You will shake your head from one page to the next!
Five Stars
This book connects the dots and explains all the erratic behavior
What else can you say about Wolff's book that has ...
Five Stars
Intimate look at Trump dysfunction.
Not a trainwreck - more like "Airplane!"
A PAGE TURNER
Has the ring of truth to it
very scary
Some of this information I knew from reports in the ...
A page turner!
Insight on Donald Trump
Good read...
Intriguing couldn't stop reading!
Reads like a gossip column.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Enjoyed it!  How about a sequence
Allegedly!
Five Stars
What a great opportunity for the public to be fully informed of ...
Is for those of you just can't get enough of Donald Trump's shenanigans.
Wanted:  Stable Genius President
Much of the book is totally plausible ,  a Scary reality.
Five Stars
I bought it only because his lawyers tried to stop ...
Pure terror by a great writer.
Chaos reigns... oh to have President Obama ...
I recommend it.
Five Stars
a credible account of a dysfunctional administration
WOW! What a revelation. I know it's true ...
shows the great foolishness of the American voter
Provocative!
Enjoyed it!
A fiery, furious ride
Very good read!
Alarming insight!
Old news
As a left-leaning moderate, I loved it!
Five Stars
Engaging look inside the Trump White House
It’s no big surprise
Good read
Confirms my suspicions in far more detail than expected.
Excellent!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Whether it's only partially factual or fully true, it ...
Wish it were not true
either by a graphic house like DC Comics or by a capable courtroom sketch artist
Scary to know
Five Stars
Entertainingly horrifying
Scary and sad.
Book is excellent..
Am now in the process of reading this book. ...
Interesting reading
Obviously published ahead of schedule as there are some grammatical errors however still a good read.
Great insight!
Few Surprises
Informative, interesting and amusing
This book isn't written terribly well
Interesting Content, Poor Presentation
Making sense of the chaos...if that’s possible!
The Peyton Place inside the White House revealed
Great read
Full of Kaos
Is this a comedy or a tragedy?
Politically important read.
Five Stars
Devoured it!
Five Stars
Pretty Much a Rehash
Bought the book as a gift for my wife. ...
Confirmed
Can't say anything that hasn't been said.
Wolff has written a masterpiece.
I learned so much about the internal workings of this White House. Easy read, lots of insights!
News and tidbits on every page.
Interesting  confirmation on trump
Decent, not great
Interesting .
it's still a pretty sorry state of affairs in the white house
Five Stars
Great book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Guideline to the current presidency
Love it
A lot of stupid people running our government all with college degrees
dumb dog that rolls belly-up when another dog approaches
pulls together many of the news reports and puts it in the context of discussions in the white house by the people directly involved well read and easy to listen
Apparently gets bored at meetings and leaves early
Juicy, Juicy Something Burger
FIRE AND HIRE
Five Stars
It was like readiing the palace intrique of some medieval kingdom
I miss having a good president like Barrack Obama.
Amazing
Very useful to read
Dirty Money and How Russian Helped Donald Trump Win" by ...
Read this book!
Trump the Nut
It is everything I thought it would be.
Meh
Loved the conversational style and inside scoop
5 Stars -- but -- I wish he'd lose those "dashes"!
White House Chaos Confirmed
This book is a good read. It is worthwhile to read the book and learn.
It’s As Bad As You Think...
The Mind Boggles & The Sides Aches
... a jerk Trump is and what he is really like. He is destroying this country and this book ...
Nothing New Here
I love this book!
Five Stars
Sensational yet educational
Unlike Stephen Miller's assessment of the book, this is ...
Rationalizes our post election experience.
I can recommend several places where this behavior IS acceptable
Fire and Fury
Five Stars
The first months of the Trump administration
Michael Wolff's book, Fire and Fury: Inside The ...
Worth the money
Reality
The rise and fall of Bannon.
Chaos, absolute chaos.
Help! We are being governed by dishonest incompetents.
Who doesn't like a tell-all
The in-fighting is the best. Schadenfreude at it's finest
Great read as well as hilariously entertaining.
Page turner
M-dash It All
Despite the insignificant mistakes and typos, this book very ...
Detailed Descriptions May Not Be Accurate
Believable explanation into Trumps odd behavior.
FURY OVER FIRE AND FURY
Crazy! Money controls our government?!
must read
Five Stars
Well written and insightful
Literate People Do Not Like To Be Told What They Can Read
It is a fun, scary read
Very informative if all true.
Great read
It supported the fact that this president sees himself as the king of this country with no checks on him.
Interesting Read
Five Stars
Ok for what it was
Quick Read Exposing the Madness
Hilarious, incredulous and a total romp
Real Donald Trump
Fair portrayal
Good read
Intriguing read!
Interesting
Great insights
A Wild Ride!
Not a fast read...
Five Stars
Read it.
A must-read for anyone who wishes to know what went on inside the White House during the first months of Trump's presidency
Four Stars
More Psycho than POTUS!
very interesting. the problem is, Our "current commander ...
Despite all the noise and bluster, this book was ...
Five Stars
Distressing, but informative and wholly believable.
"Realsatire" or farcical dystopia?
Well done! Thank You Michael Wolff!
So-So
Very good read.
Worth reading
Did Trump Really Want the Presidency
Five Stars
Sad State of Our Government
Wow, even if there's a smidgen of truth anywhere ...
Must read! It made me laugh and it made me shake my head. It made me wonder what the hell!!
Keeps your attention
at its finest. It would be entertaining if it wasn’t real ...
PeterPrinciple
Much money, not much information I find accurate
Sad! and Scary
BUY THIS BOOK! GREAT EXPOSURE OF THE REAL TRUMP AND PEOPLE AROUND HIM
Rambling Prose
Painful to read as an American
Better And More Naunced
What we knew all along.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must read book for every American.
... over the course of time in Trump’s desire to satisfy his goal of getting into the White House
Interesting read, good narrative, whether fiction or non-fiction
Wickedly funny and dreadful all at once
Unbelievable!
Lol
Great prose and information on the Trump waste baskett presidency. Recommend highly
The electoral college really screwed up in putting Trump in the presidency
Read about Trump through David Cay Johnston, instead.
Fiery and furious, but perhaps just a tame prelude
Man burned down
Insider descriptions of the shocking chaos in the Trump White House
Quick and entertaining read.
havent read it yet but I'm sure its great. not feeling like getting angry about this marmalade ...
Five Stars
A compact, readable narrative of chaos
Five Stars
The book is full of revelations from within about the ...
It certainly will make one wonder where the country will be after Trump and his family.
Must read.
Very enjoyable, good sense of the White House environment.
Fear lends Fire and Fury a lot of credence.
I see why Trump and his lawyers tried so very ...
Fascinating read. Even if 50% of it is true ...
Very good book on the state of the Trump White house. A starting point
Good read
Oh, the glory of it all!
Just like Trump.
Scary look into the early years of the White House ...
A Great read
Buy this book
Five Stars
make your own opinion
This book is now a part of HISTORY!!!  WOW!
Our 'All the President's Men'
Five Stars
Have not read it yet. I wish it were ...
A wonderful expose' of our fake president
I hope our democracy can survive.
I enjoyed it.
Seem amazing how Wolf had so much access to the president ...
But of course I loved it. Gossipy
Rambling Rant
Read it and weep for what we have become.
Captivating Journalism
what in the "H..." is going on in the White House?
Validation of my concerns and fears.
Ignore the Bad Editing and Enjoy the Ride!
Scary
Love this book
Five Stars
How horribly embarrassing to have a man like Trump running my country, and it keeps getting worse every day.
Nailed It!
Good read
Great read !
Great read, but I would have liked an email ...
... only thing that hurts this book is the unbelievably stupid day to day SOP that goes with this administration
I know it was written in a hurry, and it shows it.
The Great Pumpkin said not to buy it, so I did.
... the first 9 months in the White House were like and who was knifing who in the back to ...
Nothing here that we didn't already know.
Don’t think, just buy
I'm glad to see this became a best seller
Solid believable read.
Very interesting! Opens up all ins and outs of Trump’s White House. Well written and easy to read. Recommend.
Timely and a Good Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Felt like aa fly on the wall in the west wing.
If You Voted for Trump, You Need to Read This Book
Pretentiously written, but jaw-dropping in detail -- an all Sunday binge-read.
Page turner.
Boring!
This explains a lot!
Not as good as hyped
The funniest horror novel I've ever read.
Just as freakish as you imagined and more!
OMG
Fast paced and impossible to put down
Inside the White House "Adult Day Care Center"....
If you are Interested by the thruth this book is for you.
Five Stars
Rings too true
Five Stars
Unedited Insanity
A look inside
Just as expected
Interesting read on a lame subject
Terrifying
It is simply an Anti Trump book. This only helps Trump, unfortunately. The part of
Great Book!  Read it, you'll like it!
Beyond Trumps Comprehension
Confirms my worst fear
I watch most of the election and I’m glad someone was brave enough to write just what I ...
I've enjoyed the confirmation of what a horrible person T____ is ...
Interesting book with a few more details than I learned ...
Five Stars
Wasted time and money on this book. Terrible boring
How did this happen?
Better than expected!
Ok read tedious at times
Trump as Bannon's puppet
Any bad review that I gave I take it all back
Like reading about a horrible train wreck.  Very good read!
Sooooo interesting. Even more so now that so many ...
Certainly entertainingly
Creates a sense of urgency that we as citizens have to speak through our votes to remove this corrupt individual and great danger to our Democracy
Three Stars
Liked the quick pace of the book
I really expected more from this book after all the fire and fury it caused when it came out
Gotta read it
Enjoyable and eye opening
Wild time at Trump White House
Fly On The Wall
Not sure if it was the terrible person he had to write about or the long ...
Madelyn Amatulli
Revealing, riveting.
Interesting to say the least.
An Alarming Expose'
Read it to see how trump really is.
Our president is a lier.....And a trader ....
A e
The reality of the Trump presidency was focused into a ...
Stories really hang together well
Does the nightmare end?  (or is this a big joke?)
Five Stars
Worth Reading
Great read
Never Trump
Scandalous and funny
I highly recommend it.
Five Stars
Great Book
Alot we hear through the media, it just took ...
Disappointed, actually.
It's horribly written and full of typos so apparently was never ...
Everybody, Hang On!
Has a good index, which I periodically use to look up ...
not worth buying
Worth the money to support Freedom of Speech
In depth look into our White House and what a real S+++ Show it really is.
Five Stars
Totally credible
Great read
... reviews this book tells the truth its a very good book to understand the level of stupidity in the ...
This is a very probable truth
Underwhelming
A Novel That Present the Mass Miss Communication in Politics At its Highest Level
Personal and political gossip does not inform us about issues and real concerns.
Page turner
Good grief, Charlie Brown!
Truth
Three Stars
good
Five Stars
Compelling
Very timely book. A must read
Five Stars
Enjoyed readint it
Don’t miss reading it!
Unbelievable
Interesting book.
Crazy times
While Trump is a failure, Wolff is a success!
Dumpster Fire
It's the best thing to come out from this administration if it ...
Fly on the wall view.
Very insightful
Okay, no surprises
if for no other reason than to gain a better understanding of how Americans can be duped into placing ...
Important
I only bought this because 45 didn't want us to.
This book have made the blind see, the deaf ...
Four Stars
you cannot make this stuff up. An incredible look ...
Wow!
Sad.
Shocking look at behind the gold curtains
Fury over Trump
Fasten your seatbelts
Four Stars
I received promptly. No real surprises for me. ...
A Horror Show lives in our White House - this book confirms
Real news Not Fake !
Better than if Putin had planted a bug in the White House
Every American Needs To Read This
Interesting….
We already knew it but it was nice to have all the data together
Very "fly on the wall" inside look at the monkey ...
More questions than answers
Five Stars
Gotta take most political books like this - especially in the era of Trump - ...
Great read.
Usually I don't enjoy sequels as much as the original
Eye opener
Terrifying but somewhat of a story
It's a great read.
Five Stars
Yes, it's true - The Emperor Eats McDonald's Cheeseburgers for Breakfast!
Incredible book! As I am reading it slowly, ...
FIRE AND FURY
Underwhelming and tedious
... because it connects the dots and tells a very sad story for our country
If you hate Trump this is the book
This is worth a listen and read
For example "Trump in a smart move, picked up his media reputation and relocated ...
great. highly recommend
Five Stars
It gets a bit tedious after awhile
So funny!  A classical screwball comedy!
Four Stars
Five Stars
It is what it is!
Not certain as to the truth, but it does ...
Okay.
hypocrisy and the worst president we have had or (hopefully) ever will again
Well written. Easy to read. Highly recommended!!!
Perfect for sapping the positivity in your soul
If you’re a Trump supporter you probably won’t like the truth but could educate you.
About what I expected. Thought it would be some ...
Five Stars
Not a "great" book but a must-read.
This book won't cheer you up ...
A little disturbing....
An insight into the mess of populist power
Didn't learn anything new, but very entertaining
Scary
The more I read about the Trump administration and White ...
Very Entertaining
Good read
Well worth $15
A contemporary classic narrative on Trump.
Validates my opinion of this President and his White House ...
Amazing book!
Fun reading.
Temperamentally, Intellectually, Morally and Cognitively Unfit to Serve
The Reality Show Administration
Steve Bannon's role in Trumpland was really large,
Thanks Michael Wolf for telling it like it is inside the White house as the American ...
I had to do it.
tells it like it is.
Confirms that Trump is completely unqualified to be President.
Donald Trump is a bore
Worthwhile if taken w/ a gain of salt
It's even worse than you could have imagined.
Love these books that dump on Trump!
Explains the chaos in the White House. What a ...
Very interesting!
I liked the fact that the author had first hand knowledge ...
Fascinating read.
Each day I feel like this book gets more credibility by actual events
Five Stars
Ok
Background information, outdated by now
Three Stars
Prosable, if not true, at least an amusing take.
The dialog inside the white house is like a bad sitcom
Pretty scary stuff...
Enough substance to make it interesting, but not as compelling as thought.
Hindsight is 20/20 ...
The info is true and Wolf has the tapes to prove it!
not always easy to follow
Worth a Read
Fast read
Four Stars
Just finished reading this book and its a must for ...
I mainly ordered this book because the president was trying ...
Mainly Political Garbage
Entertaining !! Yet hard to believe it could be this bad!!
Hot Mess
$15 to Support the First Amendment. What a deal!
Understanding the Donald
Informative and appropriately “sad”
What can you say; he's a pig.
Accurate info.
Michael Wolff could have used a good copy editor because his sentences are so convoluted and ...
Amazing.  Horrifying.  Shame-ifying
Five Stars
Excellent
Amazing Story Telling
Wild
Four Stars
Amazing.  Mind blowing. And sadly, likely all true.
Exciting and frightening.
but over all pretty good.
Yeah - its a gossip book, but its vastly ...
Our president is crazy
Five Stars
I really liked this book
It's amazing that the white house allowed a reporter such intimate ...
Five Stars
I think a good look at the dysfunction in the White House
Thorough enjoyment!
Five Stars
A really fun, shocking
Frightening, just frightening.
Five Stars
Brilliant !!!
Very informative and a good read. Even if some contents are inaccurate enough ...
It was good
Five Stars
Hard to know if this is true. If it ...
the first time for all the excitement and the second time to actually discover something useful. The book is entertaining
A slog.
book is better then than the president!
Four Stars
Trump Nation
A tell all
Can one say they actually like this type of book
Five Stars
Still valid and insightful a year later.
Alarming
Five Stars
This country is in BIG trouble!
Hard to LOVE but very well done.
the worst White house ever in my lifetime
A Must Read for Americans
Interesting read. I know some info slightly exaggerated but ...
Exposing corruption and incompetence
Interesting gossip
Five Stars
Did I sign an NDA? Maybe? Maybe not?
A bird's eye look at who was put into the henhouse!
Well named!
Enlightening as to who is running the white house.
Insightful, but not a must-read
Thought about not finishing it
Reading Therapy For Anti-Trumpers – Background Info For Everyone
Impeachment....PLEASE...
Ordered it out of spite.
As Seen on TV?
Amazing incompetence and chaos is well documented here.
awesome!
A Shame and Scandal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! "A twinkle in his eye, larceny in his soul"
An excellent, informative and easily read book
Good reference if you watch MSNBC
As salacious as promised
I think the majority of Americans had a pretty good idea of what was going on inside this ...
Dangerous chaos
*MUST READ*
A window into the Early Trump White house and the key people in it
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
On topic with Donalds fascination with ratings.
whether you love the orange orangutan or you hate him
Must read!
Quite interesting! It gives an explanation of why Trump ...
It's a grind to read but has lots of good information.
Trump bad for USA!!
The POTUS is unhinged and crooked.
Five Stars
When a country doesn’t vote, it gets what it deserves.
Five Stars
Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House ...
Excellent work by Wolff
A great read with the ring of truth.
The secret is finally out!
Very interesting and gossipy - then you learn it's true and you're afraid
Captivating!!! Wolff paints a disorganized and chaotic ...
Five Stars
WAKE UP, PEOPLE
Can’t be missed
Five Stars
I only bought this because Trump tried to stop its publication
Yes it has quite a lot of vocab words. ...
Sad to read such incompetence
Inner working of an insane asylum!
Once you start reading, hard to put this book down!
How chaotic the White House is with people with little relavent experience
Free Speech Rules
Really interesting
The USA deserves a better President and White House Administration than this
The whole truth and nothing but the truth!
The inside story
Very informative
White House chaos de-cluttered.
Great Book
Trump Porn
Easy to read
I find it amazing that so many voters could have voted for such ...
lots of hype, only a few heavy punches
Great if you like an anti-Trump gossipy read
Five Stars
This the best book I have ever read
Five Stars
Enthralling and candid behind the scenes look, but the writing style is too hyperbolic.
Five Stars
Surprised to find some balance
Donald Trump, Wikileaks and the American Way
You will feel like a fly on wall in the Oval!
Awesome tell all
Very credible - especially considering events predicted in the book have since occurred
Five Stars
It's an incredible insight into an administration like we have never seen before
Trumph
SAD!
Writing is very dry, but truthful. Interesting to ...
Dishing the Dirt on Trump’s White House
informative
it's worse than you think
It verified the "trumpisms" that made the news and provided ...
Interesting Theories That Make About As Much Sense As Anything, I Suppose
Great book
Five Stars
Scary how much has gone on & still is
I read it for the information it gives, but ...
Not that surprising
The world according to DJT
I had to look up many words in the dictionary which is good for an avid reader like me
Like reading about a train wreck
We needed this book
Very Believable. Riveting!
a book as polarizing as its subject
Beware! You won’t be able to put it down!
Was basically a waste of time & money to buy the
Good read
Thumbs up
Behind The Scenes Of The Trump Comic Tragedy
If you love to hate, this will read like candy
Wow!!!!
If you fear the worst re Trump this book will confirm your fears
Funny how the flow of time will do that to ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Behind closed doors
a good read.
Scary
Easy read. Good look into what was going on ...
Great read
A good read, if a tad trashy
Interesting
Five Stars
Highly recommend for many reasons
Five Stars
Even though this is written as an easy read, I found I had to take notes ...
It does an awesome job of explaining the perpetually burning dumpster fire that ...
Scary
Well that (maybe) happened
Five Stars
Quick read, astounding narrative
Four Stars
Michael Wolfe
Five Stars
Shocking but not surprising
Hilarious! Totally worth the time and money.
I could not put this one down! It confirms ...
Fly on the wall account of the Trump White House
Just reinforces the image of trump as buffoon, as ...
Not sure it was worth the read
Worth The Read
?!#$
Almost a guilty pleasure
If you dislike Trump as much as I do
What a wild ride.
Five Stars
Recommended read for 2018Q1
Thank you!!!!
Very entertaining
Mainly purchased to help make it a best seller & bug Trump
Chaos in the White House
Great book. How the author got such access reflects ...
and like many others here I pulled the proverbial trigger after ...
Five Stars
and the narration is easy to listen to
This book gives you hope.  Trump will be gone soon.
Good book.
Quite interesting.
no holds barred approach to giving us the sad and disturbing facts of Donald Trumps shocking
A good look into the workings of Trump and his way ...
Five Stars
Trump is amazingly stupid.
I laughed my a— off.
Great read for yesterday’s, today’s and tomorrows news.
Five Stars
Five Stars
So far the book is a great read on kindle
A masterful study!
Five Stars
reads like a soap opera
This was a pretty decent book
Great read!
Five Stars
Very readable and Incredible. Unlike any other book
Fascinating & excellent reporting...
Good book! A nice look into Mr. Orange's whitehouse.
The Unveiled Facts of an American Era
There was very little in the book that I had ...
Corruption Beyond Human Belief
Five Stars
Will these revelations prove true?
For anyone interested in the inside story
Soap Opera in the White House
The best part is that he got to be the proverbial ...
Give me tmz
Disgraceful
Five Stars
Nothing Anti-Trumpers Wouldn’t Have Guessed
Disturbing
fascinating/horrifying story
What I have read is very good and right on the money
Who knows what's true anymore, but this book is a great read!
Five Stars
All republicans should read this.
I liked the report about the inner workings of the Trump ...
Five Stars
Entertaining but not much new
Wow! what a ride
RESIST!
"Dumb Donald" or "Don the Con"
But it's the best, juiciest gossip book I've read
More educational than bashing - Great Historical Reference
Five Stars
It was painful to read because it’s so poorly written
Five Stars
It reality. That what scares you the most.
Amusing and Fun for a Disturbing Subject
Fabulous read, but not written for the masses . . .
Thank You for Writting This Book.
Who didn't know he was an idiot?
Five Stars
Three Stars
The book is boring and poorly written--the author did not say a single ...
Four Stars
Statements from those who work at the White House and ...
Nice to know the way our government is being run
Great book!
Keeping informed
Run on sentences, but great read!
unverified claims by author!
A must read for any true patriot.
There’s so much going on in the White House that ...
Fairness that we are not getting from the GOP
A very credible description of what is going on in the White House
Very interesting, indeed
Five Stars
Fascinating, but google while reading to verify some things
Check pages carefully
Four Stars
... that well written and kind of seamy - just like the current
Ripped from the headlines!
Necessary read.
The chaos is real
It’s redundant!!
Five Stars
Not Up to the Hype
John Miller is John Miller
This will help you to deeply understand what's going on in our current chaotic and idiotic administration.
Great book
Five Stars
A great read if you are are sick of the current ...
This book has the potential to shift American politics
Five Stars
An inside look at the current president and his staff!
ASTOUNDING
Five Stars
Five Stars
This explains a lot!
Five Stars
Very interesting book.
The book didn’t tell us anything we didn’t already know ...
Wild ride inside the WH
As they say, you can't make this s--- up
Too bad this book is all about Trump
Five Stars
Trump didn’t expect to win!
Five Stars
Hyper fascinating
Sketchy....but apparently true
Worth reading
Very well written. A frightening look into how our country is being run.
It's more fair than you think
Five Stars
This book is funny, well written and gossipy
A fast read
Book shows how bad it is in the WH
Five Stars
Five Stars
Read as a skeptic.
Fun and fast read
Fun.
Easy to listen too. Very entertaining all though a bit scary
Be open minded and continue reading.
this is an excellent book about the first year inside the White House ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
I wish I had not read so many quotes from the book in the news.  All came together well.  God Save the King
A great look at the THREE White Houses (Trump
should have believed this persons history before the election-sad
sooooooooooo good. I was raised by a mother like Trump ...
Gives a fresh perspective, even when we're already jaded by the constant news of the Trump White House
The dirt on Trump WH was great
I chose this rating to keep the book in bestseller.
Even if not 100% factually accurate, the fact that ...
I bought the book a few hours ago and already ...
An accident you do't what to watch, but you must
Riveting, Informative, Funny, Eye Opening, Depressing, Terrifying
Makes one think
No trumped up charges
I feel like I'm reading the Trump playbook
Five Stars
Mind boggling
Fire and Fury - interesting and informatiive
Know the True Trump
OMFG!
Great read to get a feel of the playhouse the WH has become.
Five Stars
House of Cards Pt 2?
George Washington could never tell a lie.  Donald Trump can never tell the truth.
Five Stars
Excellent impeachment porn
Five Stars
Learn more than you think you know
Five Stars
Great information. We need more investigative journalists like Wolff.
A great summary of Trumps' first year in office
The author used many big words which was OK but ...
Donald Trump is an Enemy of the State
What most knew but were afraid to say.
Well written in above 6th grade level. Left questions ...
this is very easy to believe
Five Stars
Great book.
I hope it leads to impeachment....or jail.
Five Stars
Gossipy political book which raises a few questions, but ...
I think everyone should read this book
Five Stars
Wasn't what I expected to be. I thought it ...
Spot On!
Four Stars
Reminds me of a soap opera; “As The Stomach Churns”
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Truth? Truth! Truth  .  .  .  oh hell it is true.
Somebody help us!
Frightening to think this is our President.
Reads like a mystery/documentary and hard to put down
Page turner
despite the credibility issues raised by the media for the ...
Three Stars
Great delivery, great price
Everyone should read it will open your eyes to a lot of illegal things going on that shouldn’t be.
I recommend it highly
It was just like we've been seeing on the news
Five Stars
Great read, sadly I believe for the country the chaos detail by the author is true.
Must read!
Great book
A flawed man
Five Stars
How could they have elected such a man into the White House?
This book was what I expected. Reading it is ...
Four Stars
Can't put this book down! An irresistible look inside ...
Juicy!
Four Stars
Have not read it yet. I am immersed in ...
Wow.... just wow... ...
Trumpkins on parade
Five Stars
Five Stars
Must read
Chronology and context.
Informative and educational. The author has captured the current administrations accurately!
... is a look into power and corruption at its worse. If you’re a Trump supporter
Five Stars
Five Stars
Bigly Shop of Horrors
Five Stars
Love the book
Great Read ! even though we already know most of the things going on  already
Gave it a 3 1/2 at one time. The ...
just like the GOP passed their tax scam
Five Stars
Gossipy? Yes. Substantial? I'm Not So Sure.
Very will written with wonderful context and insight
Jaw dropping
Pending Disaster!
Five Stars
Read skeptically and weep for America
Fire
It's all around us
I know he will enjoy it. Arrived on time and in perfect shape
It's a must read, from start to finish.
Look what has been done to America
Gunfight at the OK Corral. Whir House insiders go from concealed to open carry gun rules in n inhale able narrative with many direct quotes. Assuming he has recorded corroboration for them, Michael Wolff May go down in history for rescuing the U.S. from the gang that couldn’t shoot straight.
Compelling, readable
Five Stars
Five Stars
Sad, but True
I found the book full of information that I did ...
Information
in real life is to much worst.
#resist
Just like they all say and worse
Good read.  Just the right amount of fact and gossip. It put the first year into some  perspective. If you are  part of the Trump base, you won't care for it! If you want a peek  at what is happening, you will enjoy this book. My one  thing I found a little annoying was Mr. Wolff's esoteric prose.
Very Interesting
Entertaining if it wasn’t alarming  fact
Five Stars
My neighbors loved it
Four Stars
Excellent
Five Stars
Worth the time and money
A sane accounting of our insane government.
Good gossipy read if you follow our current politics!
Over Sensationalized
No real surprises
Four Stars
Five Stars
How a conman fooled america.
A MUST read.
,a good read and very informative, enjoyed the real story!
Wolff at the door-tasty morsels inside
Interesting insights
Fairly interesting, we've already been so shell shocked by ...
Good read.
Trump
It's a good read. nice behind the scenes look at some ...
Sums it up well
Five Stars
No censorship
No Censorship in AMERICA!!!
“Despite the constant negative press covfefe...”
Old news is simply that;  "Old News".............
Four Stars
A lot of this I already had heard in the ...
Shows what an unqualified President that we Americans have
My wife loved it, especially all the nasty, scandalous dirt.  For the Trump hater in your life.
Over HYped
Amazing that someone like that actually is in the White ...
Four Stars
The book paints a clear picture of the inner workings of the Trump Whitehouse.
Well worth the read
Easy to get through
A great read!
State governance in the Trump era
No one cares for dreamers like him no matter how dark his dream is
Disfunction in the Whitehouse.
When you thought you knew everything, there's more to know.
Wolff explains Trump
Verifies What We Already Knew
Wouldn't have purchased if not for the Dotard's frantic attempt ...
Kindness
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Insights hold up still now and very enlightening regarding the ...
Decent
America - you must read this no matter your take on Trump.
Excellent look into that mess
Good purchase
Learn the truth about how the White House operates.
Fascinating read about the worst administration in U.S. history
Show of support with my wallet
Five Stars
Must read
Great if you dislike Trump.
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great story about a three-ring circus with no ring leader
A New Classic In Political Reportage
Get the Dirt on Trump
The Peculiar President
Four Stars
VERY enlightening
Trumpty Dumpty and all his warts
Love the content but poorly written
Good read.
Trump is partnered with Puttin we are in trouble
Very Scary
Five Stars
Enjoyable, easy read
Trump sucks.
So funny!
Good read!
What is truly amazing is the infighting between the family and cabinet
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
This book was written according to expressions received by his questions.
The Trump book that’s really about Bannon
only read beginning and found something else to do. ...
I dislike Donald Trump so much I just had to buy ...
Peek into Trump World of Wacky
After the first couple of chapters, the book droned ...
Long Winded
Firing of People Who don't Agree With Trump...Obstruction
I bought this book after the author said he had ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
You read things that benefit only the Trump family and find out who they really are.....
Five Stars
Fascinating and scary.
Fire and Fury is a  very scary book.
Informative. Fills in some background. Book, however ...
Didn’t keep my interest
A Must Read!
Five Stars
Could a book be the straw that brings down a president?
Ok read
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It pretty well solidified my opinion of what a tool trump ...
Great reading! Helps make the situation in the Whitehouse ...
How sad it is that America has a President who is not qualified to run the nation.
Five Stars
Can of worms
good read
Totally worth the $15 FOR the 1st Amendment, democracy ...
With Bannon a good part of the sourcing
Five Stars
We should have been warned.
waste of time
Too hard to believe... But you can’t make this stuff up.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Interesting
Nothing new
Pretty Good
Compelling. If one tenth of the book is accurate ...
A Must Read
OMG!!!
Buying this book and giving it a five start rating ...
Confirms What We've All Suspected: No One is in Charge
Five Stars
Anyone interested in the future of our country should read it
Confirmation of actual news
Thank you Donald Trump for the advertising of this book ...
... time the material is disturbing and I would not recommend raiding it before bed unless you like raising your ...
Read this book with a dictionary/thesaurus!
Five Stars
Good read, but if the things reported in this ...
A must read for anyone interested in how low a ...
Juicy? yes. Tragic? Very. Pros: ...
Five Stars
Fantastic
Five Stars
Can this be true?
Five Stars
Interesting
Five Stars
OK at times
Five Stars
Politics over Morality
Enjoyable Reading
Informative, but...
The book will undoubedly be a best seller. It couldn"t happen to someone more deserving ...
Work in progress
Good read
Can't wait for this crap to be over.
Typical political clown show
Five Stars
Fast paced juiciness
Love This Book
Read this book as it is truth!
You need to know all of the White House players to get the full impact. Educate yourself as to the characters before you read it
Tell-all of the beginnings of Donnie-John era politics
Good read ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Yes, Virginia, it’s all true
Take it with a grain of salt. It's an ...
Good read
and see how WH now has become another Sh##H0L# in a beautiful country US of A
COOL READ
Wild as shit
This beautiful country of ours is being run by an insane narcissist and this book will show you how much trouble we are in.
Go ahead & read it
This is the last book of the 4 I have ...
Good read!
Meh.
Well written book
What have the voters done????
Interesting and Depressing
AH  NO
The Madness is True
Truth!  I want the truth of what is going on in this republican administration, not lies!
A riveting dark comedy.
Very informative insiders view!
Recommended this book to others to purchase from Amazon!
Like watching a car crash.
Three Stars
This is what tabloid is all about. Some of ...
Four Stars
The truth is out!
Four Stars
Nothing I hadn't heard but...
Five Stars
Great read but sad and depressing for all of us
A good read for those on the Left, a terrible truth for those on the Right.
Excellent book
Fascinating read, uncertain about sourcing.
TRUTHFUL ACCOUNT.
Fire and Fury
Doesn't live up to the hype
Five Stars
Five Stars
LOL.  Trump sucks, helps to explain why.
I real eye opener for all Americans about how bad this President is.
Lives up to the hype
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Fact or fiction, you need to read this
Five Stars
I keep thinking it will get better, but the reality of the situation is
Good reading.
Five Stars
I am glad that someone had enough guts to come and tell the truth about the incompetent and low lifes that leading this country.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Not saying the book is bad, my eyes are
Not as good as expected
Great read: popular history  about the Trump administration
Interesting
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
For me personally be very attentive of people...you just don't know.
Recommend that you read or listen to this book
Doesn't Grab Me
it is a good read. The author keeps my interest
Tedious read. Nothing new or informative here.
It’s always about him
Four Stars
Five Stars
Not terribly well written
You already know the good parts
if you read the news...
Five Stars
Even though a lot of what is in the book ...
Total train wreck if only 1% is true
Five Stars
Very insightful
Cool! Then I found out the Author embellished or ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Enjoyed This Book
Great Insight into the Trump Empire
Good Read!
What's not to hate about Trump?
More secrets about Trump need to be disclosed. I'm ...
Hard to believe but hard to ignore as this plays out post epilogue...
A witness to the unraveling of a presidency
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
My take
Five Stars
but pretty much what I had expected
a great writer, though
Read this book. The author was like a fly on the wall.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book.
A page turner, which I never thought a political narrative could be!
Five Stars
I read parts of this 3-4 times and not because it was good....
Haven't finished reading it all yet, but so far ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Try it you'll like it
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nothing new
Glad that I purchased this revealing book
Worse than described
Two Stars
Excitingly good!
No surprise, but still shocked
Five Stars
Five Stars
Into the Rabbit hole of Trumpy's first 100 days...
Great book.
Four years, jeez
An accidental bumbler on the world stage -- exposed!
Adventure into the unbelievable
Good read! It deserves to be a bestseller!
Juicy Drama
Thank You Michael Wolff!
All The Proof - Start Imoeachment NOW
A fun romp through a dumpster fire of an administration
Detailed, comprehensive insights
How could we get so stupid
The book is very hard gong and quite boring. Doesn't say anything that we don't already know
Five Stars
He’s like, really smart.
Good bed-side reading
A Class Act
I loved this book
Way too wordy.
Perspective
The info is good just hard to
The book confirms most of what one has already read ...
Great details and background information
Can't wait until I get to the good stuff.
Four Stars
Long
Chaos, for sure.
Interesting
Five Stars
After reading this most disturbing book, we should pray ...
Five Stars
The Inmates Are Running The Asylum!
Five Stars
Democrat drivel.
bad news
Nice look into the working of the White House and ...
Their were portions of the book that were funny, thought provoking and informative and serval portions that ...
Gossipy and poorly written
Meh
Book turns out to be essentially correct despite criticisms by jealous competitors when it came out
Put your head.........
Better than fiction...
Interesting Read
A fascinating journey
Great read, an entertaining insight
An interesting observation.
The Country is in trouble!
A lot of excellent reporting
Four Stars
Although many things written in the book was hard to ...
Not the easiest read. The author tries too hard to impress readers with his extensive vocabulary. A problem for Trump fans.
How disgusting the White House and trump are acting.
need to know.
A look into the President
Five Stars
Yawn.
Portrait of a Temperamental, Ill-informed and Semi-literate POTUS
Boring
Interesting, but hard to follow
Five Stars
Next step - film adaptation. This needs to be ...
... I'm giving 5 stars to a book about the worst president in the history of our nation
Five Stars
Very interesting book
Great Reinforcement
Hilariously frightening
The Fury unleased
Gave it as a gift & she liked it.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Brilliantly insightful!
Fast but good read
Five Stars
Trump is a failure
Outrageous! And scary too.
Five Stars
If this were fiction, critics would pan it as unbelievable. Stephen King couldn't create more frightening people...
... AMERICA and wants to help President Trump Make America Great Again. Very easy to see the true agenda ...
Most interesting parts already discussed on TV
Truth... finally.
While I think everyone who wants a full perspective on ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Tabloid journalism? Maybe, but still an enjoyable read.
INTERESTING BOOK
Entertaining enough.
Entertaining
Things happen fast book becoming old news faster
Excellent Peek into a Disturbed White House
Frightening web of information
Can’t make this kind of stuff up!  Hard to believe the White House would have given the author this level of access, but the words wring true.  Explains how and why the WH leaks as it does.
My Favorite Book of 2018
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
“Stable genius”?
Four Stars
View from inside.
Excellent insight into what is going on in the white house.
Amazingly scary
Five Stars
You got what you voted for
Entertaining and somewhat surprising, although not surprised at the same time
Five Stars
Bannons inside knowledge, even though I'm not a fan of his.
That the Trump administration doesn't have a clue of how the Whitehouse is ran
Connecting the dots
Great writing. I would recommend strongly
Don't waste your time or money.
Wild!
So much drama
Worth the read for sure.
Very well written.
Funny yet terrifying
Interesting Read
Fast and easy read
Incompetence and shame
Five Stars
Five Stars
Too scary to sleep at night.
Five Stars
Interesting
For the most part good but watching the news especially evening cable tends to ...
Five Stars
Good psychological insights
Well done!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Mind boggling ,how did we get here???
Good read! Doesn't seem too hyper-partisan
Prescient! Trump has not changed to this day.
Five Stars
This book illustrates what a total incompetent, illiterate idiot ...
Confirms how incompetent the Trump Administration is
Four Stars
Boring. I have not finished this book
but a good bit of background on the crazy situation in the ...
Not as great as advertised
Frightening . . .
Five Stars
Interesting
B
Thanks for the great book suggestion DT
Four Stars
Great book - we all need to read this!
Well written and insightful
Very interesting and worth reading
Wow! Incendiary and dumbfounding!
Five Stars
Must read
Five Stars
You've heard about it already!
Four Stars
Good read eye opener
Interesting
Some interesting parts, worth reading, but a lot of filler
Five Stars
Wow. Lol good book
Easy to read. Hard to stomach.
This was an interesting read and I truly believe 80% ...
Worth the Price
He just may be crazy!
Five Stars
Three Stars
Help, I'm trapped in America and I can't get out.
Extremely wordy. Sentence structure drove me a little crazy ...
Unruly, Spoiled Brats are running the country
Horrible
I lost interest after a while. Lots of spelling ...
Four Stars
He is the President!???
Five Stars
Explanations of relationships of players and elements trumps  unengaged delivery.
Worth reading.
Five Stars
Informative
Wolfe Plays Into Trump’s Vanity & Scores Bigtime!
Five Stars
Four Stars
Scary!
Trump Presidency
My husband has read this and could hardly put it ...
Be afraid.. very afraid
Fascinating, if all can be believed
Insights
Five Stars
Good book if your not a Trump lover
People magazine has more depth
Five Stars
Fantastic book
Four Stars
I watched Trump many years ago when he took over ...
Five Stars
A satisfying frolic through the land of "That's What I Figured."
Love it.
Five Stars
Excellent product.
Five Stars
Great read and a nice gift
Five Stars
Slow reading because ink is light and print is small.
Review : FIRE AND FURY
Five Stars
If only 10% of this book were accurate it would ...
Five Stars
makes for good reading. Cannot Judge on the facts
Worth Reading
It’s kind of like being a fly on the wall in the White ...
Non Fiction - Political - Horror - Current Topics
Five Stars
45 needs all the good help he can get
Good Read
Several books on the market but this one is the ...
Five Stars
Read it.
Like a masterpiece painting
Informative
Confirms the worst
Engrossing read to say the least
Worth the read
The Trump Admin: Clueless, Backstabbing, Arrogant, and Hapless
Fire and Fury...and absurdity
not great
Be careful what you wish for........
Five Stars
BOGUS POTUS profile well written
Much of it reads like what we see and hear in the news
Five Stars
Fiction?
Would be super funny read if it wasn't true!
Wolff would benefit from more time with an editor and less with a thesaurus
but it is going to make you hate Trump.
How smart is our President?
The first of probably many books dealing with President Trump ...
Five Stars
Unimaginable is imagined
Five Stars
Nothing unexpected here
It’s wonderful, all about the despicable traitor to our country
Four Stars
Good fast read for liberals and for conservatives who want to be shaken up a bit.
Fun reading. Enjoyed the book
Nothing new. I knew he was a peace of ...
Five Stars
Trash talking Trump
Wasn't much in there that I didn't already read somewhere ...
Loved it!
Far too many compound sentences that try to say too ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
A great read.
An excellent inside look into the greatest criminal enterprise EVER in ...
Two Stars
I think the book is fine but hate the jerk it is written about so ...
but I love reading the "inside story" on Trump
Trump is such a *#$@/!&?
Four Stars
Boring Read
Entertaining!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Mr. President, DO NOT TRY TO TELL me ...
Five Stars
This books tells it like it is
Bought for my sister-in-law. Don't know if she has ...
MICHAEL WOLFE 1 - TRUMP WHITE HOUSE 0
Five Stars
Reality TV Comes to Washington
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wait Until It's In The $1.00 Bin
A lot of research went into this book.
Five Stars
Understanding the real WH
Poor Proofreading
Five Stars
Fire and Fury.
The book flows very easily and is very well put together
great price, fast
Not surprised
The author seems well informed
The quality of the writing is really underwhelming. Wolff ...
Worthwhile read
Fire and Fury
This is a great book about total chaos
Four Stars
Five Stars
You think you know it all, but can you know it all? Can Wolff?
Fast paced... Not a slow part in the whole book
Four Stars
Five Stars
Believable and yet suspect
Hard to put down
Five Stars
Elections have Consequences!
Very Interesting
Five Stars
Quite an eye opener!
The White House is a reality TV show, heaven help us.
The book is one person's observations. Depending on whether ...
Great,
a good read if you take it for what it is
nice read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
This is interesting. I would suggest you keep your ...
Four Stars
Outlandish, disturbing and intriguing
Five Stars
Two Stars
Disappointed-found it disjointed, little attribution of details. Forget ...
Five Stars
Fire and Fury
A Wolff In The Henhouse
Gossipy, but important.
Five Stars
Down with Trump
What can I say?
Five Stars
I find his story telling annoying and if had known of his writing style I ...
All this garbage that's been going on since "world Trump" started -- ...
A must read
Excellent book! The reader has a visual of being ...
No surprises
Interesting Material
Five Stars
Good read.
Five Stars
Very well written. Couldn't help but be entertained. ...
Great read. It's written like an unbelievable tale
True inside look at chaos in the white house
Very informative
Four Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Verify what you think you know.
Fun read
Interesting read!
More accurate than not....sadly
I pity the fool....
Pretty much everything in this book is coming to light ...
Rating for the freedom to buy it
Kinda tells the world what anyone with eyes, ears ...
Read it!
Interesting and fun read.
Learn the Truth About What is Going On in the White House
Four Stars
A retelling what we already knew
Five Stars
It's an eye opener, especially considering the problems each ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Scary
Our president is a traitor. Our president is a real danger to our democracy.
A good read.
Five Stars
An excellent exposé
Bannon calls out the President
No different than watching CNN
I liked the detail that supported the many other stories I ...
I thoroughly enjoyed reading it
Well Written Book, LOTS of Information
Trump is a liar
just like real life
Five Stars
Four Stars
Amazing inside look at 2017s biggest story
Required
The problem with the book is that the author is just not that good a writer
gonna outsell the bible
close up view of the garbage fire 🔥
Good read, despite some possible literary license
Loved the section where Melania cried on election night
Five Stars
Terrifying read.  Now, watching it all unfold in real time...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Recommended
An amazing expose!
Like being in the White House
Good reading
America and the world has good reason to be very nervous for the future with ...
Couldn't put it down
Little Did We Know:is this how politics work?
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Great and Disturbing Read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Bad writing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
At this point, it's all old news.
Good book!
Read it.
Haven't taken the time to read this book. Busy ...
Great Read
Four Stars
Good book
Five Stars
A very interesting book and one that we all need ...
Five Stars
Say no to Trump
GREAT READ!
Good Book
Five Stars
If you love Trump you will not like the portrayal of Trump ...
Five Stars
Amazing piece of journalism
Very Interesting
A World Gone Over the Edge
Five Stars
You'll confirm things you thought you knew, and you may want to forget things you didn't WANT to know.
Five Stars
Five Stars
I wish it were fiction
Insightful knowledge of the going ons inside white house
We all need to hear the reality of a first draft of history like this account and learn for next time
Caution Required
Can't make this stuff up
Not What We Expected
Five Stars
Excellent, thoughtful insight into the constitutional crisis we are in.
U Need 2 Read
Entertaining
A good look inside the crazy world of a corrupt administration ...
Entertaining and disturbing
A real eye-opener
Bought it to p--- off the Prez. Mission accomplished.
An absolute must read! You think you know the ...
Good stuff
Worth It
Kind of interesting,but creepy.
Hilarious
Worthwhile
Tell all about the nut jobs that are running the ...
Five Stars
A surprising dash of empathy
Going, going, gone.  The Trump White House evolves.
The author cannot write for toffee. Many sentences have ...
Great behind the scenes book
Very interesting reading.  But, it reads more like a novel than an historical account of events.  Anyhow, with that in mind, if only a portion of this narrative is true, it does not bode well for democracy in America.
BARCHASER
Five Stars
Why pay for everyday news
Would be enjoyable read if it was fiction...
When people in the White House lack integrity and competence, the US  is injured for years to come.
Parts were better than others
Five Stars
Hysterical
Quick read and very interesting
Unsettling and not a lot of new information
Frightening, Funny and Deeply Disturbing
Good read
It’s simply WHATEVER...!!!
Very interesting topic but not amicable reading
poorly written
I had to repeatedly Google words for the meanings and I found it annoying.
Tells the story
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
A great book that rings true to me based on our Presidents Twitter, interviews on tv and real news.
well this just proves what we already knew that this ...
Five Stars
Three Stars
Trumpism
Five Stars
Trump is Infuriating and should be Fired
Political insiders would enjoy this book more
Trump is an ass
Five Stars
READ ABOUT THE APPALLING REALITY, in case living through it isn't bad enough
Five Stars
Trump Must Go
Confirms the stories in the news
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good, but sad at the same time
I enjoyed the book but the author used a few too ...
Great and fast read!
Four Stars
I enjoyed the book it is possible that everything is not ...
Five Stars
Enjoyed it.
quick access to new book
Five Stars
The main crux of this book is fairly self-evident
BORING!
Definitely an eye-opener and I highly recommend this book for advanced readers
Five Stars
Good Read!
Five Stars
Future teller
Four Stars
Wondering whether our country and rule of law will survive.
Three Stars
Effectively Connects the Dots
Five Stars
Whew!  I got a headache just reading it.
At last - someone has the strength to publicly stand up to this poor excuse for a President
Five Stars
Fascinating reporting. I would have given it 5 stars ...
I only  got half way through.
Love it
Five Stars
Five Stars
Soooo Goood!
The first essential inside-politics book of the new administration
A page turner.
Only the first of many "tell-alls" to come.
Five Stars
A punchy book
All about Trump
Stable Genius
Required reading for this day and age.
1st Amendment Is A Powerful Thing
Won't change minds
Five Stars
If only my father had also given me a million dollar to start my life in New York back then!
True or false?!?!  Still a good read.  (I believe)
Five Stars
Quirky
Good read!☺
Five Stars
This is the United States of America and Trump does not get to censor or ban material simply because he doesn’t like the content
A case study in dysfunction and dangerous thinkijng
A good but frightening read
Much is already known but the salacious back office gossip is fun
Easy reading
Three Stars
Should be taken with a grain of salt, yet it's believable.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Puts the daily insanity into perspective
The roller coaster ride that is the Trump White House.
Poorly written. Not engaging at all. Really didn't ...
Five Stars
Another view of chaos
Five Stars
the Trump Show is sticking pretty much to Michael Wolff's script in his book
Five Stars
The author paints a very detailed narrative that gives evidence ...
rememebr that Michael Wolf is a left leaning New Yorker with clear progressive ideals
Easy reading
Trump presidency worse than I feared
CONFIRMATION..!!!
Insightful
Good information not seen elsewhere
Believable, and it's existence helps keep Trump awake at night
Five Stars
Juicy. Informative.
Great Read
Book was OK
had to buy it! #resist
WOW!!!!
Four Stars
Four Stars
Interesting
Four Stars
Lifting the lid on the septic tank
Interesting view into the Trump White House
Singing to the choir
Wow. I can’t believe this was Non-fiction!?
Four Stars
Big money controls our information
Five Stars
I can't believe they let this guy hang out for months in the White House
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
85 45
... even more how ignorant our president is and how easily he can be manipulated
Interesting read
Thank you Michael Wolff
Five Stars
There was either little or no editing which made it ...
Can't put it down
Must read
About Steve Bannon
Five Stars
Received the book without a hitch. The book however ...
Still not completed, but highly entertaining. You connect ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
OMG!
Five Stars
I really hope this is not the state of affairs in the executive branch
Fire and Fury
Politicians bring truth by their actions since publication
Great read, though a little long winded at times. Lots of detail and things I didn't know. I guess I don't understand all the hoopla over this book not being accurate, I "fact checked" this book many times and found it pretty dead on.
A good, easy read and a fascinating story about a dysfunctional White House.
Eh...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Nothing I didn't expect - a little over the top ...
Amateur level writing
Five Stars
Four Stars
5 stars.
Five Stars
A Good Read
Good Read
Could Not Put The Book Down!
don't have great expectations..
Read about 3/4 of it hoping if would get better. I will finish it
WORTH READING
Five Stars
Five Stars
Wonderful book! A good read into the shenanigans of Donald Trump
the crazy crap is still happening
Five Stars
Five Stars
An enlightening vision of power and politics in United States
Very well written and engaging
It’s not all wrong.
One has to read the book that has increased Trumps vile rhetoric
Idiot in the White House
Fire and Fury about what
Five Stars
A revealing story on what’s happening at the white house ...
Four Stars
Truth... but barely scratches the surface of ...
Every real American should read this book!
Buy it
I am reading a book about each president, not ...
Need to enlighten oneself.
OMG!
Highly Entertaining
Not well written but very funny .
An an eyewitness view to a train wreck....
Must reading for any political junky or anyone who cares about democracy in america.
Scary read, well written
Donald Trump chief Douche bag
easy reading
Five Stars
Meh.
Great read. Terrible reality.
A rehash of all that has been written about the ...
Reads Like a gossip column
Great Insight
Three Stars
Unbelievable, or should I say completely believable for the ...
any book written from an insider's perspective on it will certainly be best seller. If you watch the news
Wild Ride
Interesting Point of View
however it became boring after a while so I could not continue to ...
Chaos, Confusion & Ambition
God help us.
Three Stars
good
A fun read that validated my concerns
Excellent
good read
It's Huuuge!
Five Stars
Five Stars
While written to be sensational, the sequence of events ...
Five Stars
Stunning
Read the WHOLE bool.
Standing up to Trump the Bully
so far so good.
Great read!
You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ...
Stunningly scary report of our nation's current leadership
Interesting look at the Trump White House.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
No that good
Can't wait for the sequel
it's pretty shocking this is the man leading America
Five Stars
This book is nuts
Five Stars
Surprisingly close to reality
... this guy started campaigning and I don't see any great secrets revealed in this book
Five Stars
The Fuss of Fire and Fury: Worth it
Frightening and fascinating read in to complete White House chaos ...
Five Stars
Underscores what the well-informed media has been reporting from Day ...
Interesting
What a sham
That the President have no idea on what is going ...
This book is a little too gossipy. At some ...
If President Trump hadn't fired Comey, Mueller wouldn't have been made the Special Prosecutor.
Great read!
Boring book. Didn't really tell me anything new
Five Stars
Chaos and confusion!!
Knew most of this already
Everyone needs to wake up and see what is happening ...
Disturbing
Most of what is written has been said by the ...
Five Stars
Great Read!
Plausible.
This insider agrees.
Inside insight into the reality that is 1600 Pennsylvania Ave ...
A modern Sheakspearian farce.
Fills in details of things we already knew
Five Stars
Three Stars
Fire & Fury
Not worth all the hype
What a ride
Five Stars
Four Stars
Not the greatest book. Took me over a month to read ...
Five Stars
Should be fun to read.
Trump gossip!
Five Stars
What you would expect and more
Riveting Book
Five Stars
Confirms my previous reading by and about Mr. Trump ...
Highly recommended for political readers with a broad point of view
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great Read
Four Stars
Take out the trash in the White House please!
Entertaining but Disjointed
Fire and fury
Tabloid-style story of the first year of tRump's administration
I am disgusted with what is going on in the White House ...
Will bad actors like Trump dismantle our democracy or will the ...
Five Stars
Pretty good
Great read!
Get to know our president
Five Stars
Dark days in the White House
While I wasn't surprised by any of the revelations about ...
Finally... the facts. It’s riveting.
I felt like it was my patriotic duty to buy and read ...
It is sad our country is represented by someone like Trump
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
WOW!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Just what we thought: Trump is a child
Buy this book!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
First Book To Expose Trump
Good read although a bit overdone on adjectives and "big words"
Five Stars
Fire and Fury
My fears confirmed.  The patients are running the asylum.
Wag the dog
Bird’s eye view of the chaos that is Trump.
Good Read - compelling
the picture that Wolff paints of infighting and jockeying for control of the President is useful to understanding why things are happening in the way ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Two Stars
Did the author really have to use such big words ...
Five Stars
Entertaining and insightful!
Fun, interesting read
Five Stars
I easily saw the truth revealed concerning Russia's interference and the ...
Two Stars
The book is great! I enjoyed reading
Five Stars
You'll laugh to keep from crying!
I also find it very interesting that the majority of the media dislike the president and they also dislike Michael Wolff
Five Stars
Deepens sadness of US political moment
Five Stars
This book will confirm your worst fears about the incompetence of Trump.
Must Read!
if only one half of this story is true, ...
Five Stars
This is a VERY VERY important book.
I have just gotten into it, but am anxious ...
she digs it
Entertaining
Five Stars
This was an entertaining read to be sure, but ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Information Overload
Interesting even if exaggerated
Outstanding book
It's an easy read. Like all inside stories
Eye Opening Book
Five Stars
Vote Democrat! This clown needs to go!
Inside look at what is actually being said about the regime in the White House
great story,  could have been better written
Nothing new here.
The truth! The media said the same thing. ...
Five Stars
No surprises but still a rewarding read about the worst ever so-called US president
Even if it’s 1/2 right it’s still a mess
Interesting interpretation !
Interesting read
Bought as a gift
Timely, fascinating, mostly believable insider account, rushed to press before it was completely edited though.
great read and for nastalga book lol
The book that will go down in history
Its so much worse. Tell all book reveals.
Great book.
A phenomenal read.  Lots of direct quotes from those in the inner circles.
This would be funny if it were not about the man with a ...
Even Stephen King Couldn't Be So Terrifying!
Awesome!
Five Stars
Knew most details by publication
Five Stars
A primer to understanding human ignorance and treasonous activities.
Not all about Trump
Thee are better books out there. This is gossipy/pretentious/written poorly
Five Stars
Five Stars
A must read.
Chaos
Five Stars
TRUTH
Nothing you don’t already know
Very believable! Enjoyable to read.
A lot of unsubstantiated Info- Fun Read
Book Club Project
A good read.
Vocabulary overload
It was an easy, fun read
Five Stars
Over-hyped and poorly written.
Great Book!
Not much new learned from this read.
It's not just about Trump
Entertaining.
Fact based fiction
Five Stars
A fascinating read and providing great background into what makes Donald Trump tick
Five Stars
Supporting Freedom of Speech
Poorly written, but the incidents described in this book ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Engrossing
Five Stars
such as David Cay Johnston's It's Even Worse Than You Think
Five Stars
Five Stars
This was a gift
If 10% of this is true, holy sh#t
Four Stars
... of what I thought the present administration would be like. Having watched and been aware of "the Donald" ...
Trump is so annoying that he is boring.
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Real life report. There is another novel after this ...
Eh... it's OK
AS ADVERTISED... A MUST READ FOR ALL ...
Not as great as it was hyped to be.
Read it
Fire and Fury
Great read! Nothing surprising
Insanity inside the White House
I purchased the Kindle version of this. A riveting ...
Wow! WH reality show in a behind the scenes view...
Political.
We already knew most of it, it is good to get it clearly spelled out in black and white
Making Journalism Great Again!!!
i thought it was boring. i watch msnbc very frequently and i already ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
This book echos gives insight into what most civilized people ...
Better than I expected
It’s in impressionistic that may or may not give us much insight  but it is fascinating.
Five Stars
perhaps a bit biased? wait for truth to come out.
Interesting, given the subject. Just a few things ...
Most was public knowledge if you are a news addict ...
Better than expected.
Great Book!!!
I liked the content
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Poorly Written Book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Funny and scary.
Four Stars
LOL
Five Stars
Five Stars
The King of Chaos
Oh what a tangled web was woven, with the truth all is good. Opens one’s eye to the truths.
Interesting but not worth the hype/.
#45 is a habitual liar
i think i was caught up in the hype but still a good book
they used to have a word to describe a man ...
Good Read!!
Found it very entertaining loved it!
Scary
You Probably Won't Want to Finish It
Frightening.
Funny book, but because of high demand
Excellent insights on the way Trump thinks and the way ...
Mediocre book about a crappy president.
Three Stars
If you follow the news you tonight you pretty much know what’s in the book I didn’t find ...
Three Stars
Five Stars
Dire Straits
I guess it told me a good story about a man whose self is so distorted ...
Five Stars
Four Stars
Anyone who can upset Donald this much deserves my $15.
Truth.
greed and hubris of Trump and people in his inner and outer circle like nobody else does
Four Stars
Really good read; it's not all old news
A real eye opener even if only half of it is true.
Such an amazing, thoughtful and honest overview/details about a very disturbing ...
Five Stars
Fire and Fury - Trump
Inside look at this White House
Five Stars
Five Stars
good read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
great book, great insight into the nut house.
Not great
Boldly Captures early Trump-induced chaos
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Awesome sauce!
It give a lot of insight into the chaotic White House run by the psychopath-in-chief.
Five Stars
The Truth Comes Out
Five Stars
Tells pretty much how chaotic the Trump White House really is
Three Stars
Interesting!
Five Stars
While it offers a lot of insights... ...
Pretty cool read
I did enjoy this book
I HIGHLY recommend it. ENJOY
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
It's true, you can't make this s--t up!
More Revelations!
Five Stars
True mayhem in the WH.
Two Stars
Okay book...
A Trump Melo-drama in Five Acts
Four Stars
Five Stars
Fire and fury
Great Insider View
Great Eye Opener
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Good reading
Five Stars
A Must Read For a All Americans
Trashy book about the worst president in American history
Practically a Comedy. Check out the facts and get a sneak peek.
Five Stars
GOSSIP, GOSSIP, GOSSIP
Gives you a better view of the past months of the White House
Five Stars
GOOD READ
Now you will know what really happened!  All the behind the scenes action.  Hard to believe this administration is so incompetent.  Did not know of the warring factions.
Five Stars
Yikes. But, is he reliable?
Five Stars
But oh how I loved just being able to ask loudly at the bookstore
Very, very entertaining book!! I enjoyed a lot!
SMH
Fascinating to read, entirely credible. I appreciate Wolf’s insight.
Five Stars
Illuminating.
The book has given the reader the ability to see ...
How the White House really (doesn’t) work
Interesting  content poorly written. The author interrupts each sentence and so they run on.  The author also uses many uncommon words which detracts from the text.
Don't Read This Unless You Have a Strong Stomach for Ignorance, Incompetence, and Mental Disorders in the White House
Fire and Fury
Inside the west wing
Five Stars
Five Stars
Great book, lots of new stuff I didn’t know ...
Must read
Five Stars
Too expensive.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very direct reporting of events
Four Stars
Reliving the nightmare. Author overuses commas.
I bought this based on hype. It isn't ready ...
Four Stars
Was a good book, but it is already yesterdays news with ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Do not waste your time
Best read with the lights on.
An easy read.
It's like Mr. Wolff went through thesaurus and used such ...
Wolff provided great insight into how truly chaotic this administration has been
Insight into the Trump administration
Good read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
like reading a tabloid
Five Stars
Rivioting... I got it in Audibel. Very nice format for the busy.
The Beat Goes On!
Purchased this just to piss off herr drumpf and his
Five Stars
Interesting
Entertaining
A very good read
Real news.
boring..........
Five Stars
The book validated some of the things I suspected, ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
good grief. Get him out of there
meh...
Entertaining!
Five Stars
You can't make this up!!!
Riveting.
Five Stars
I love it.
The book confirms my worst fears about Trump's inability to be President and says ...
Not much new
Fun read if you hate Trump.
Five Stars
This is a hard read. I start to read ...
Five Stars
A Remarkable Journey into the Trumpword Rabbit Hole
but it is a great read. I do think it captures the general ...
Five Stars
You may like it if you are into this sort of material
Great read....Better if you hate the Orange Moron at 1600 Penn Ave.
What can i do to get this guy out? ...
I don't love the book only because it well is about our ...
How well it covers the facts alleged
Three Stars
You must read this!
Five Stars
An American Psycho
Five Stars
A must read for everyone
Such a juicy read!
Five Stars
Fast delivery
Like reading a gossip rag
Five Stars
Four Stars
Very enlightening presentation of our president. It's hard to ...
Five Stars
👍
Fire and Fury
Could have been better written
Two Stars
Great book. Facts are always better than fiction
The Emperor Is Wearing No Clothes
Meh
Five Stars
Five Stars
Although it was interesting to get an insider's perspective of ...
it was ok, not sure what the hullaboo. ...
We’re not surprised but time to regain control & respect
Four Stars
The book predicted everything that’s going on RIGHT now. No joke.
Five Stars
Four Stars
A real eye-opener good read
Five Stars
I like that Mr Wolff writes just like he speaks but ...
Interesting
Five Stars
An excellent inside look at the crazy in the White House. Word word word word word
Order of the book is as chaotic as the White ...
Blablabla
it was 'okay'. it basically reminded me of a ...
Buy two, just to drive him crazier
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Excellent!
Five Stars
Insightful
Five Stars
Three Stars
Chaos in the White House explored.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Very good reading i loved it i will read it again
Four Stars
Wow
Five Stars
Confirms my thoughts
Garbage president
Insider look into trump admin
Love This Book
Not an easy read
Mist read
Three Stars
A must read. You will laugh and cry at the same time
The story of a fraudulent presidency
Five Stars
Must read
Interesting
Five Stars
excellent book
This book speaks truth about the so called genius that's in charge of the United States!!!
Wow
Buy it!!!!
I liked the inside information
The man is emotionally unstable and he gives evidence of it with every passing day.
Five Stars
Great Book!
Everybody needs to read this. Eveybody needs to read ...
The author provided insight into the inner workings of the ...
Rumors and Stories that we fear are true.
Impeach and indict Trump and his cronies including the writer
Five Stars
The narrator does a great job with the material
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Essence of Mr. Trump
Dont bother
Never underestimate fools in large groups
Love this book and the insight into the chaos that ...
Four Stars
Light and easy but not history
I loved
Three Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Trump admits to being owned by Russia
Thanks for filling in the few blanks I missed! ...
Entertaining in a scary way
Five Stars
Get the audible version and then laugh, cringe and entertain your way through household tasks
Five Stars
Someone Finally Puts It All On Paper
Interesting read
Yup! As good as they say.
Five Stars
I enjoyed the book
Nothing new here
Truth is always somewhere in the middle, ....but
Window into the circus that is the White House
Trump wants to be a dictator but the American people will never stand for his crap...
Either Party - Give it a Read.  It may reinforce, maintain, or re-shape your thoughts ...
Painful reading
Five Stars
Informative
Five Stars
Read For Fun
Five Stars
Two Stars
Book is full of conjecture-the author is uses the first ...
Five Stars
Content you might predict with a writing style entertainingly many grades above the orange ignoramus's capacity to appreciate.
Could not put the book down.
Five Stars
An inside look or a way to understand
If this was libelous, the author would have been ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Glad I got it
Pressure on an unconventional, destructive political icon. It ...
Five Stars
Well Written Book
Thanks to Michael Wolff for doing the investigative work needed ...
ALTERNATVE REALITY
I thought the book was very good. However
Insight Into Chaos
Revealing and scary
Really enjoyed this while also being terrifying
Excellent!
Good book
A good insiders view of the Trump White house
Five Stars
I'm not about to make any of my true feelings ...
Now wonder the US and the free world should be scared
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
.How the 2016 election was rigged.
Four Stars
A Free Press still lives
but a little boring. Will compare with a year from now
Meh
A story for conservative and progressives to read
The New Normal ?
Provides a very clear and compelling picture of what a ...
I found it difficult to read. It did not ...
I was very happy that i purchased the book
He's Really That Bad
Five Stars
you'll enjoy it on some level
25th Amendment
Good read
Reccommended.
Five Stars
Believe it and getting worse. Ignorance rules.
It is also very sad that this level of disfunction can exist within the ...
Five Stars
Everything we already knew about Trump and much worse
Informative and insightful
He pulls back the curtain to the West Wing and it isn't pretty
fire and fury
I’m so  happy to be a part of The Streisand Effect
Pageturner
Four Stars
Five Stars
Will never buy a trump book again
... add to the numbers and keep it on the best seller list hoping it will annoy an unqualified public ...
Juicy!
IMPEACH TRUMP!!!!
Four Stars
Great book!
Five Stars
Palace intrigue in the WH
Great read, need read carefully
White House gossip
Just buy it.
don't waste your time
Fun read
Dumb people with no ethics elected an immoral liar as president of USA.
Finally!
Buckle Up!
Not as informational as I expected.
Five Stars
Fact and Fiction
We are doomed!
Overall I found it very boring, though the facts seem very right
A pinch of salt required
Five Stars
How the F__K did we get here w/these people in government 🇺🇸
Five Stars
I suppose I didn't like it because I'm so very disappointed with the views ...
Still reading - some parts are extremely boring and so far I am not sorry I bought ...
Poetry in motion
Very insightful to the behind the scenes of the Trump WH.  No fake news here!!
Four Stars
Interesting book that contains very little new information; however ...
Sight
Five Stars
Compelling read
If the walls could talk... they have....
It's bad reporting, but the truth comes out clearly, anyway
A page turner
Nothing new
Interesting
Two Stars
Chaos at it's finest
Five Stars
Didn’t want to read one more word about the chaos ...
NOT WORTH IT
Five Stars
Butt head in chief.
simply confirmed that we have reason to be afraid with ...
Make America Read Again
Five Stars
I'm reading this while Republicans meet at Camp David, ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Fire & Fury
Five Stars
Finished a year after publication and...
Just read it.
Very informative
Four Stars
Five Stars
Great read
Fun for a while
Good not great
Too much stuff
Easy to read but no surprises just confirmation of what I believe about this administration
More than entertainment
Five Stars
Four Stars
This became Steve Bannon's Story
Our president is a moron
Four Stars
Details are way too specific to be made up!
Get it and read/listen today!!!!!!
Three Stars
I'm not in love with the book but
Feel like I bought a cheap tabloid paper but it had ...
Shakespeare meets The Godfather
Five Stars
Eh.
Hate we have such a degraded individual that MUST be ...
I am still reading it..... ...
A must read
It's amazing! And it just confirms what we already know
Like the discounted price!
Wish for a follow up with the last 6 months
Five Stars
but the telling of th book is like hering every word out of his sick mouth and
Five Stars
It is amazing how and why the American people continue to put ...
Four Stars
with amazing insights of the dumbest White House in
Four Stars
It's just hard to read because of the topic and ...
Remember when people didn't like the president's policies but at least the president had ...
Five Stars
A worthy read
The author is a gossiper but we've had good (rueful) laughs over this book because the news reports ...
True story
Five Stars
Great product
Five Stars
Five Stars
Hilarious!
OK. I follow politics so I could keep up ...
Worth a look?
Two Stars
Another good read (or sad) is 'Trump Corrected'
Yes, the President appears to be that stupid!
Read, but do your own research too.
Five Stars
Five Stars
What’s going on in the White House
Funny and scary at the same time!
Fly's on the wall
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
If I've done my part to humiliate the idiot in ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Enlightening
Fire and Fury!!!
Everything I Suspected
Well written and delighted I got a copy early
Five Stars
Five Stars
Find the Truth
Yes, Dealing With Russians to Win an Election Really Is Treason. There, Was That So Hard?
Five Stars
Interesting. Shed some light on the White House and ...
Five Stars
Author presents picture of White House as incredibly toxic workplace
Sad! but True? I don’t Know, but it’s a good Book. Believe me!
Excellent
Five Stars
Pass on this one
Five Stars
A view from Australia
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Accuracy.
Buy this book
No fun to read a book like that
A reason for nightmares
Even as an anti-Trump person, some of this is obviously fake news
This is it. Read this and try to understand ...
Three Stars
Topic...ughh !!!
Good read
Trumpism
Five Stars
Riveting.
Laugh or cry on each page.
Three Stars
An o.k. book
We're doomed!
A Sad Reflection on Our Society But a Fantastic Read
America is in peril
Five Stars
Excellent
Engrossing (and sometimes gross)
An Interesting Read
Good read so far
Five Stars
It was Fast and Furious at the White House  from the start. Trump thinks that he is the star of  reality show.
Good book
This book is so detailed yet scary, I can't ...
Seems like People Mag does politics
Five Stars
No lies were told.
Okay....
This was just the Beginning!!!
everything that was in the book is coming true in ...
Scary, but captivating
Five Stars
Great book
Five Stars
Spy fly on the wall telling all.
Four Stars
Threat of ban ensured my purchase
Great Book!!!!
Mind boggling
Three Stars
If only 10 percent is true, trump needs to be removed
Just doing this to piss off Donny.
Nothing new
Liked the writing style and the gossippy flavor of the ...
Five Stars
A Bannon book
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
How factual is it?
Recommended.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Three Stars
Interesting
A good read
Wild, behind the scenes story. Very interesting that Steve Bannon played an key role in Trumps administration. The book shows Bannon as the voice of reason.
Fair. It did confirm a lot of the insanity ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Just as juicy as you might think. A must ...
It's a complete popcorn fest that does nothing but tell ...
Easy reading except when the author tries to complicate a ...
Four Stars
Vote Blue
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Review from a very stable genius
Five Stars
Fuss and Cuss
Crap?
Informative
Chaos at the White House
Dump Trump
Three Stars
I BOUGHT it, just to buy.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Extremely Insightful
Makes sense out of chaos
Believeable
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
THE EMPEROR HAS NO CLOTHES!
Five Stars
what i liked most is that it give you a true look ...
Five Stars
Confused about the Trump Whitehouse?
Scary
The truth is scarier than you think !!
OK but awkward writing style
Five Stars
Five Stars
A Riveting Read
Five Stars
Amusingly gossipy
Three Stars
Five Stars
A must read !
Wow!
Five Stars
I love the hard bk cover
Three Stars
Five Stars
Wow..
Don’t read if you’re a conservative
Confirms many of the worst suspicions about our president and his minions
This book gives you great insite into how things function in the white house
Be afraid!
Four Stars
Great Job by Michael Wolff
she says it is good reading.
Five Stars
Fantastic. I hope it's all true
Now I more fully understand the inner workings (ie: disfunction) of the Trump White House!!
A good read about political world
The editor should be fired..
Byzantine White House Politics
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Love it!
If at all true we are in trouble
The truth behind the liar!
Four Stars
Four Stars
Great read
fun, if not always completely credible
A Valuable History of Those Who Have Betrayed This Country Of Ours
Make this the best selling book of all time!
Crazy
Three Stars
Great
Excellent Read!
Good read
The death of our nation's reputation through a flawed Trump White House and the complicit Republican party!!
great book.....
A waste of a good tree
No surprises here
Five Stars
Fast Ship 5 STAR seller AS listed
Three Stars
Democracy
Must Read
So glad this is out
It is interesting to read...
Reality TV White House
Exactly as Pictured! Great Price is a bonus too...
Five Stars
Five Stars
O.M.G.
you'll hate it.
Read this if you are interested
an interesting read.  Very anti trump.
We needed this...
The best horror story ever!
Like the rest of the books about Trump
Four Stars
If you want to know the details
“Sad, but Believable”
Given as a surprise gift to a friend relocating, ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
History in the making, a masterpiece
Meh
A must read
I hope he's put in jail
Five Stars
Believeable
Truthfully told saga of trump whitehouse
Five Stars
As the worm turns
Compelling
You won't be able to put it down. It ...
and a President who behaves like a five-year old child
Four Stars
Excellent book. Could not put it down
Everything they say. And more.
Entertaining!
Good read
Two Stars
Four Stars
It was a present. I can't stand to read ...
Four Stars
Five Stars
Shocking
Bannon was right on many issues.
Interesting read.
Boring but I like hearing the inside scoop
I liked all I marked
Five Stars
Bestseller @ Good Price
I liked the inside stories and first person on the scenes ...
Intriguing and well written
The Truth, not Trump lies
Sad but probably mostly true:-(
Pretty much what you'd expect, except scarier.
nothing new to see here, folks
Five Stars
What can I say...
White House denials aside the book is internally consistent. ...
... of background information that was very interesting and could easily be fact checked
Important read
Trump "Where the Truth Never Lies"
Three Stars
Was a good read!
Four Stars
Ho Hum
Did not read. Gave as gift to my Hillary ...
The book is more about Brandon than Trump
Don't buy
Five Stars
Fascinating read.
Perfect!
Five Stars
Interesting
Not as great as it was advertised
AWESOME READ
Five Stars
Three Stars
Scary stuff
Four Stars
What if this book is only 50% true?
Read About the Chaos.
A great read of political back room antics.
Not surprising.
Five Stars
Wow
If you like to read about Donald Trump, it is all here!
Sorry
Three Stars
Three Stars
I really wish this was fiction.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Interesting inside look at the current administration. Unfortunately, ...
Same ole same ole.
It offers deeper insights on stories we've heard in the ...
The HORROR
Five Stars
Interesting read. How much was fact and how much was fiction will likely be determined by the reader's political leanings.
Not great journalism. Interesting read if you can filter
Three Stars
Three Stars
not particularly well written but I certainly believe the content ...
JUST OK.
White House chaos
Four Stars
Not convinced what is facts and what is opinion
He only wants to hear good things said about him so people around him build him up every day
Great read. Put all the insanity in one nice ...
I’ll start with the caveat that I’m not a Trump ...
The Clusterfart that is the Trump Presidency
Great book.
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
I liked that it was told as though you were included ...
It's not all that good of a book
The Trump Whitehouse
Love the book
Trump is atleast as bad as you fear.
Not a nice
Wow
Presidential Problem
Five Stars
A good luck at the Trump presidency
Five Stars
Window into chaos.
Five Stars
Enjoyable reading
Great birthday gift
Three Stars
Four Stars
Worth reading
Amazing/Alarming/Funny/Frightening
bad bad man....
Five Stars
Waste of money
Couldn't read this on my iPad
Should be mandatory reading
which is amazing!
Trump should be removed from office!
I loved reading about the conversations in such detail
I felt the book was very believable. Much of ...
Someone needed to say what was going on in the ...
Amusing and sad at the same time
Five Stars
Fire & Fury
Three Stars
Four Stars
Great book
Buy it now
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Wolfs writing style is bad
Repetitious
Five Stars
Four Stars
Bring your thesaurus!
OMG
Five Stars
The real harm Trump is doing to our country.
... happened I feel this book was written truthfully and like a reporter would report what actually happened
Reads ok
Five Stars
Wow, just wow...
Five Stars
but it was nice to have a journal of the election events in ...
So much has happened in trump's first year.
Good read of current events even if it’s highly fictionized
Decent book, not as exciting as they made it ...
You just can’t make this stuff up!
Five Stars
Nothing new and everything as expected
Good stuf
Three Stars
MAGA
Are we done yet?
Five Stars
Four Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
Politics as entertainment
Hey, Mr. Trump, read this
Four Stars
Good deal
Four Stars
Entertaining
Five Stars
Is this the way it really is?
Four Stars
great for a few laughs
but I like the "inside " viewpoint & info we'd never know
Good story, confusing grammar
Very interesting...
Two Stars
Nothing new about Trump. Most of the content has ...
Demonstrates the inner workings of the WH. Shows how ...
Five Stars
Worth the read.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Better to borrow than buy
The WH is in disarray
Five Stars
Trump Uncovered
Accusations and questions.
What a con man and cheater he really is.
Amazing that he's still in office
Five Stars
Five Stars
need to impeach
Three Stars
Five Stars
Interesting
Finally, after trying to make sense of the chaos ...
Very interesting read. Frankly, it seems true to ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Probably true, feels dirty anyways.
Three Stars
Three Stars
Broad-brush picture of Trump World that I accept; consistent with other reporting and commentary
Explains a lot of the madness
Three Stars
Five Stars
Yertle the Turtle King part two
Did not enjoy
A great read. Sure to be a classic 20 years ...
Thank you Michael Wolff!
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Not worth the money. Most of what is written ...
Can anyone man & people he surrounds himself with really be that bad? Still
Five Stars
It is an eye-opener. We must pay more attention ...
Three Stars
poorly written
Three Stars
A must have, comprehensive insight into the 45th P....P....... gosh I just can't seem to say it.
Fire and Fury
Fire and Fury - and total dysfunction.
An intriguing look into a presidency that most of us ...
Scandalous
Four Stars
Oh, Donald.
Five Stars
Trump is an ignorant, clown!
QUITE A FEW TYPE-O(S)
I am glad I read it
Not surprising, mostly engaging
Fire and Fury
Et tu, Bannon?
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Curiosity purchase.
Five Stars
Non-Fiction, Yet a Thriller Nonetheless
Five Stars
Four Stars
Books is good it shows the true chaos that the white house ...
I learned nothing new
Trump is taken down a notch or two
Five Stars
MAGA
It's worse than I thought!
Wow
True and funny, but sad
Trump bankrupt seven companies  and looks like one country.
Well written but hard to read due to subject matter ...
Three Stars
Trump is a lunatic
Interesting book
Three Stars
Great book. Really told what goes on inside the ...
Two Stars
Four Stars
Worth reading
Five Stars
Protest purchase. Don't forget to vote in the November ...
Three Stars
Four Stars
The writing is great. New details you've never heard about from insiders who didn't seem to know they were being written about.
Pretty good!
Enlightening look inside Trump's atmosphere
Five Stars
Two Stars
Didn't care for it.
Five Stars
Fire & Fury Succintly Reports American Greed
Like a 21st Century Plutarch
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Four Stars
probably based on the speed to publish quickly but overall a very good read.
Too many vague and unsubstantiated claims.
Fascinating story, poorly written
Four Stars
... and publishers but $15 is nothing compared to the joy of standing up to any attempt at a police ...
Terrifying
Five Stars
Not much Fire and Fury in it.......
This book should have come out before the election, not after.
Depressingly entertaining
Things in the White House are as bad as expected
Five Stars
Five Stars
No Wonder Trump Is Denying It!
Eye opening
I disliked Trump during the campain and more so since
Great insight into the goings-on in the Trump White House
Three Stars
I listened to this book on Audible- great narration. I wasn’t surprised with the content
Very disjointed. The author is not much of a ...
Interesting
this book is a great read!
Five Stars
Five Stars
The spokesman voice is clear and easy to understand
How crooked trump is.
Entertaining
I am glad it was written but after getting it I gave ...
... too much noise... ...
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Surprise!
Nice product!
VONNGUTT WH
Impressive
Five Stars
Captivating and Terrifying
Five Stars
Interesting read... concerned about author's research.
A fun/scary and thoroughly entertaining/horrifying book
Understanding Trump's Brain. Well Scrambled.
Five Stars
Five Stars
Ended too soon
I like the fact that the author cited references
Four Stars
Three Stars
Okay, but believable
Four Stars
Just read it.
Much better than the critics pretend.
Excellent
Five Stars
Five Stars
This book must be good. Donald Trump doesn't like it.
Four Stars
Five Stars
Detail and Facts
Three Stars
A Review Of Fire And Fury
It gave some insight to the workings of the White ...
Great read...
Confirmation of what we now know as true.
Great read on the LGA-DFW flight
Ok
Four Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
A good read, enlightening
Five Stars
Bannon can't shut his mouth
Three Stars
Five Stars
Excellent, Terrifying.
Four Stars
It's all true!!!
Interesting
hhhmmmm
An Eye Opener and an Eye Roller
Three Stars
Five Stars
Three Stars
Five Stars
1st Amendment or 2nd Amendment - they're both important, right?
An entertaining book about an entertainer self-cursed to becoming a president
Three Stars
... and in-depth with information and insights only an insider like Michael Wolff could obtain
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
We are not ok.
Though very disturbing a Great Read!
Biased, but good information.
Three Stars
Five Stars
The winn-winn game! How loosing would be to winn and winning is almost as good.
Wolff does what an investigative reporter should do.
Trump... What more can I say?
Two Stars
Political gossip junkie?  Grab this book ( get it?)
Five Stars
Easy read, intriguing and believable
so-so
Three Stars
Three Stars
Informative perspective. Puts the puzzle pieces presented daily to public together for a total picture. Highly recommend, for anyone, to educate themselves. Perspectives of Trumpism is key for preparation to deal with future events. Thanks.
Three Stars
Three Stars
Great Fast Interesting Depressing Read
Two Stars
Disturbing background into the worst president and his circus of unqualified staff
A must read
Five Stars
Five Stars
Five Stars
Four Stars
Five Stars
Eye opening!
Good read
